
lately attacked me, and in my answer I take back the statement in my pamphlet which gave rise to our correspondence, stating that I have learned that the statement was not correct, directly from you and indirectly from Mr. Lincoln and the Secretary of War.

It may be necessary for me to publish our letters, in order to place myself right upon the record, and I think it proper to acquaint you with my intentions.

The fact that General Burnside and myself are out of service renders their publication harmless, I think.

Respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., April 17, 1866.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,Hartford, Conn.:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of March 19, in which you state that it may be necessary for you to publish my letters to you (which you have hitherto regarded as confidential) in regard to General Burnside.

Having no intention to enter into my discussions in regard to differences or disputes which have arisen out of the events of the war, I shall very much regret the necessity of bringing my name into any question of differences between yourself and General Burnisde. In order that you may have in your possession all the documentary evidence on the subjected, I inclose, herewith copies of my letter to him of May 9, 1863, and his telegraphic answer of May 14* Whether or not General Burnside ever made the promised answer to your pamphlet, I know not. I have never seen any, and the inclosure is the only correspondence we ever had on the subject.

Both Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Stanton assured me at the time that General Burnside had never made to them or in their presence, the statement alluded to in your pamphlet; but that, on the contrary, he had always expressed full confidence in, and warm regard for, both the Secretary and myself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Camp near Culpeper

Court-House, November 15, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, VA.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of Special Orders, No. 243, from these headquarters.

From Paragraphs VI, VII, VIII, IX, X, XI, and XII, you will see that the number of men required from this army have been detailed to work as shoemakers, and ordered to report to the Quartermaster's Department for duty at the several points in this department specified in the circular of the Quartermaster-General. One hundred men were required

---------------

*See p.1006.

---------------

