
for Richmond. Ninety are detail from Lieutenant-General Longstreet's corps, and the remaining 10 will come from the command under Major General G. W. Smith, double that number of applications having been received from the Quartermaster's Department and from individuals for the detail of men in his command, and it is presumed he can supply the 10 wanted to complete the number for Richmond. For Petersburg, Danville, Lynchburg, and Staunton the number asked for have been detailed. In addition to these, you will receive from the same order that 12 men, who were applied for by Major F. W. Dillard, assistant quartermaster at Columbus, Ga., have been ordered to report to him at that place for the same duty. I herewith return Major Dillard's letters, as they contain the names of several men not in this army. I also return, disapproved, one or two applications of the same character received from your office, and refer you to the endorsements thereon for the reasons of the disapproval. I hope that his large detail will be sufficient to supply the wants of the Quartermaster's Department, for I cannot recommend that any more be made from this army, which is already so reduced by details of various characters as seriously to impair its efficiency.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Culpeper Court-House, November 15, 1862-7 p.m.

Brigadier General W. H. F. LEE,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I request you to order the Sixty-first Virginia Volunteers, Colonel Groner commanding, and the Norfolk Light Artillery Blues, Captain Grandy commanding, to proceed at once to Fredericksburg. They will take the route by Stevensburg, crossing the Rapidan at Raccoon Ford, till they intersect the Plank road from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg. Should they learn that Fredericksburg is unoccupied by the enemy, they will pursue the Plank road to that city; but should they learn of its occupation, they will fall back through Spottssylvania Courth-House, and take position on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, where it crosses the North Anna. After crossing the Rapidan, Colon Groner must send forward his staff officers to ascertain the best roads, prepare forage for his command,&amp;c., at points where it will be needed. He will be careful on the march to permit no straggling, depredation upon the citizens, country,&c., and be careful to pay for all articles consumed by his command, or to give proper receipts for the same.

I have the honor to be, with great respect,&c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY ON NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 15, 1862.

Colonel W. B. BALL, Fredericksburg, Va.:

COLONEL: The Sixty-first Virginia Volunteers and the Norfolk Light Artillery Blues are ordered to Fredericksburg. They will cross the Rapidan at Raccoon Ford, and follow down the Plank road leading down from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg. Should it be unsafe for them to approach Fredericksburg, I wish you to notify them, in which

