
When driven, they retired toward Bealeton. One of our scouts, who joined him north of the Rappahannock, informed him that the enemy on Sunday moved from Bealeton back to Warrenton Junction; thence their main body marched toward Fredericksburg. At the date of his note he had ascertained nothing further.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 18, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: It may be interesting to the Department to know, while considering the sources from which supplies for the army can be obtained, that much subsistence can be procured in the counties of Culpeper, Madison, and Greene, if prompt measures are at once taken to collect them. The chief quartermaster of this army, through his agents whom he has sent through these counties for the purpose of ascertaining from whom and what amount of supplies can be procured, has prepared a list, which, though incomplete, is yet very encouraging. Although the best portion of Greene and Madison Counties has not yet been examined, I see, from his partial statement, that in Greene County 43,470 bushels of wheat and 207,100 pounds of pork, an in Madison 6,937 bushels of wheat and 33,400 pounds of pork, and in Culpeper 17,450 bushels of wheat and 50,000 pounds of pork can be obtained. Corn and hay can be had in like proportions. Lieutenant-Colonel Corley is continuing his investigations; but I have thought it proper to advise the Department of what might be procured from these counties, provided we can prevent their occupation by the enemy.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Camp near Culpeper Court-House, November 18, 1862-2 p.m.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,Commanding,&amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 17th is just received.* I think there must be some mistake about the enemy's being re-enforced at Harper's Ferry, inasmuch as information from Washington states that nearly all the troops near the city have been advanced into Virginia. I fear I was said to be threatening Staunton had retired beyond at Alleghanies. I therefore have ordered the First South Carolina Cavalry and Stribling's battery to Gordonsville. I think the force there, with Imboden operating in advance, will be sufficient to protect that place, as in a short time the roads in that country will be impassable.

If the report that the enemy is returning in force to Middleburg is correct, it must be owing to your presence in the valley and the operations of the cavalry; but, in that event, it would appear that they are in great force at all points from Harper's Ferry to Fredericksburg. There must be error somewhere, and it is important to discover it. In a telegraphic

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

