
front, he may be transferring his troops to some other quarter, and the march of a portion of Sigel's corps to Alexandria would favor this view of the subject. Should this be the case, the position of your corps at Culpeper would be, advantageous. General Lonsgreet's corps is now here, with two brigades of cavalry and the reserve artillery. One brigade of cavalry (General Hampton's) occupies the forks of the Rappahannock, headquarters at Stevensburg.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, November 23, 1862.

Major MOORE, Commanding Battalion:

MAJOR: I find it desirable to modify the orders I gave you. You will please examine the ground commanding the railroad bridge across the North Anna River, and place your guns in to defend it, if necessary. Select a sheltered camp for your men and horses, and have the latter attended to as well as possible. Spare no efforts to get a sufficiency of forage, and to have your horses watered, groomed, and protected. Let watch be kept always at the brigade, and have pickets out some distance this side. The thing to be prevented is any sudden dash at the brigade by cavalry,&amp;c. Pray use all needful vigilance on your own part; of course, if any enemy appears there it will be from the Lower Rappahannock or the Lower Pamunkey. Keep your eyes open. Your post should, of course, be on the south side, though you must watch every way.

Please destroy the note I gave you for General Smith. Send by mail, or by some safe hand, the letter Captain Trader has for Lieutenant Steiner. If anything important occurs, communicate promptly with me by messenger, and with General Smith, in Richmond, by telegraph from the Junction.

Yours, truly,W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General,&c.

[NOVEMBER 23, 1862.-For Lee to G. W. Smith, see Series I, Vol. XVIII, p.784.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 251. November 24, 1862.

I. Major W. H. Taylor is assigned to duty as acting assistant

adjutant-general at these headquarters.

By command of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, [Near Fredericksburg], November 25, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

MR. PRESIDENT: I have endeavored in my official communication to the Adjutant and Inspector General of the Army to keep you apprised of the military condition of affairs on the frontier.

