HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 26, 1862.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: In previous letters I suggested the advantages that might be derived by your taking position at Warrenton or Culpeper, with a view to threaten the rear of the enemy now massed at Fredericksburg. When this movement was first proposed, I thought your route would be by Chester Gap, and its effect upon the enemy would be tested, without imposing additional labor on your corps, leaving you still free to join me, should circumstances render it advisable. As your route has been south of that line, it may now be too late to deviate from your course in time to try the effect upon the enemy, and still enable you to join me before the roads and weather might become so bad as to expose your troops to suffering.

As my previous suggestions to you were left to be executed or not at your discretion, you are still at liberty to follow or reject them; and if you think that no beneficial results can be now attained, as I myself now think probable, I desire you to pursue the best route, by easy marches, to this place, advising me of your approach, that your march may be hastened, if necessary. The enemy is still quiescent in our front, thought, for the last day or two, he has been constructing covers for his batteries, and I think the probability is that he will attempt to cross either here or at some other point on the river; in which case it would be desirable that the whole army should be united.

I have the honor to be,&amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 253. November 26, 1862.

* * * * * *

VI. The following changes are made in the organization of the brigades of Lieutenant-General Longstreet's corps:

The Forty-fourth Alabama Regiment is transferred from Wright's brigade, Anderson's division, to Law's brigade, Hood's division.

The Fiftieth and Fifty-first Georgia Regiments are transferred from Drayton's to Semme's brigade, McLaw's division.

The Eighteenth Georgia Regiment is transferred from Robertson's brigade, Hood's division, to Cobb's brigade, McLaw's division.

The Phillips Legion is transferred from Drayton's to Cobb's brigade. McLaw's division.

The Fifteenth North Carolina Regiment is transferred from Cobb's brigade, McLaw's division, to Cooke's brigade, Ransom's division.

The Fifteenth South Carolina Regiment and James' battalion South Carolina Volunteers are transferred from Drayton's to Kershaw's brigade, McLaw's division.

The Third Arkansas Regiment is transferred from Cooke's brigade, Ransom's division, to Robertson's brigade, Hood's division.

The Second Georgia Battalion is transferred from Cooke's brigade, Ransom's division, to Wright's brigade, Anderson's division.

The Seventeenth Virginia Regiment, now of Kemper's brigade, Pickett's division, and the Fifteenth and the Thirty-second Virginia Regiments, Semmes' brigade, McLaw's division, and the Thirtieth Virginia

