
The Thirteenth and Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry, Colonels Chambliss and Ball, have been brigade under General W. H. F. Lee, and are operating on the south bank of the Rappahannock, in the direction to which you refer. The Sixty-first Virginia, I think I previously informed you, has, at its own request, been attached to General Mahone's brigade. The Norfolk Light Artillery Blues are here, and Major Moore's battalion by your report being in Richmond, should you need more artillery, you had better use the latter, instead of transferring the former. We are, as you say, weak in numbers at all points, especially in comparison with the forces opposed to us; but, notwithstanding this disparity, I think we may accomplish a great deal by energy and promptness, and I feel assured that everything will be done in your department that can be.

I trust that,with your laboring force, the defensive works at the various points will be rapidly compelled.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

TAYLOROSVILLE, November 28, 1862.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your orders directing me to hold the bridge over the North Anna reached me a day after my arrival in Richmond. I had already reported to General Smith, and had delivered your letter to him. According to his orders, I am here, within 4 miles of the brigade, with my battalion, and shall its evening place my guns in position on the south bank, as you direct. I understand the north back is much more commanding than the south; but as you apprehend danger from the cavalry above, I suppose it does not matter. Permit me to express my regret that I did not have an opportunity of saying good-by to you the evening our roads separated.

With assurances of my warmest regard and respect, I am, sir,

JOHN W. MOORE,

Major, Commanding Third North Carolina Battalion.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Camp near Fredericksburg, Va., November 30, 1862.

Colonel J. H. RICHARDSON,Commanding Corps of Scouts and Couriers:

COLONEL: I have been very anxious to get your corps of scouts and guides into service, in order to relieve the member of cavalry companies now on that duty, and return them to their regiments, where their service are much needed. Captain Pifer arrived with his company yesterday. This is the only company that I have heard of yet. Please inform me what progress you have made in your organization, and when the other companies will be ready for service.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

