
urgently recommend to the Department the consideration of this subject, and that measures be immediately taken to improve our field artillery. The contest between our 6-pounder smooth-bores and the 12-pounder Napoleons of the enemy is very unequal, and, in addition, is discouraging to our artillerists.

I require immediately, for a particular purpose, four 12-pounder Napoleons, and I request that they may be furnished to me without delay. Many of the inferior guns are now at Stauton, sent back by me when in the valley. I would also recommend, for particular purpose, that some 20 and 30 pounder Parrott guns be also constructed.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 9, 1862.

CHIEF OF ORDNANCE:

See the later part of this letter as to the four 12-pounder Napoleons.

J. A. S.[SEDDON],

Secretary of War.

DECEMBER 10, 1862.

I respectfully inclose copy of circular sent to all our arsenals, showing that I have already, some time ago, given orders, which will meet the views of General Lee. Recently Messrs. J. R. A.&amp; Co., of the Tredegar Works, have been directed to work night and day to prepare guns of this description. I have requested Colonel Baldwin, chief of ordnance of General Lee, to send down old guns to be recast. In the mean time, however, we shall send to him these guns as fast as they can be made, None are now on hand.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] BUREAU OF ORDNANCE, Richmond, November 13, 1862.

Until further order, no artillery will be made except the following caliber:

Bronze.-Light 12-pounder or Napoleon guns, caliber 4.62.

Iron.-For field battery of maneuver, 10-pounder Parrotts, banded, caliber 2.9. For field battery of reserve, 20-pounder Parrotts on 12-pounder carriages, caliber 3.67. For siege guns, 30-pounder Parrotts on 18-pounder siege-carriages, caliber 4.2.

Very respectfully,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Camp near Fredericksburg, December 5, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 4th instant, and to express my thanks for your prompt attention to my requisitions. I fear I was not sufficiently explicit in my recommendations in reference to the cavalry. My proposition was to attach, temporarily, the

