
dismounted men to the infantry regiments until able to remount themselves; to transfer to the cavalry such men of the infantry who may volunteer for that service, and who can provide themselves with horses. The latter would be permanently transferred as long as they kept themselves so provided. This is in accordance with present practice, and does not infringe the faith of the Government or the engagements of the men.

The reason that I proposed a regulation of the Department for the accomplishment of this object was, besides making it general for the whole army of the Confederacy, which, I understand, is suffering from the same causes as the army in Virginia, it would carry with it more weight and respect that if issued by a general in the field.

The act (48) of March 6, 1861, section 7, requires that, "if any volunteers shall not keep himself provided with a serviceable horse, such volunteers shall serve on foot." The only way this service can be efficiently performed is by attaching the men, temporarily, to infantry regiments.

I have the honor to be,with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 5, 1862.

Colonel J. GORGAS,Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have written to the Secretary of War, urging upon him the advantages of improving our field artillery, and have recommended, as being in my opinion the best guns for the purpose, the 12-pounder Napoleon, the 10-pounder Parrott, and the approved 3-inch rifle. I have also recommended, should metal be wanted for the Napoleon guns, that our bronze 6-pounder smooth-bores and even our bronze 12-pounder howitzers, if necessary, should be recast. This would much simplify our field ammunition, save horses, and place our batteries more nearly on an equality with those of the enemy.

By taking the guns sent back to Staunton by me when in the valley, to commence upon, Napoleons could be substituted for the 6-pounder now in service, and their metal in turn be used. In this way the batteries in service could be kept up, and their improvement gradually be made. I desire immediately, for a particular purpose, four Napoleon guns, which I request that you will send me as soon as possible. I believe that but few of those manufactured in Richmond have been issued to this army, and nearly all that it possesses have been captured from the enemy. Some heavier and longer range guns, namely, some 20 and 30 pounder Parrotts, should be manufactured and placed on siege carriages.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S DIVISION, Near Fredericksburg, Va., December 5, 1862.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding First Army Corps, Telegraph Road:

GENERAL: I waited for Colonel Alexander until near 1 o'clock. He did not come, and I then proceeded to re-examine the ground near Banks'

