
at Springfield, one at Paw Paw, one at the mouth of Little Cacapon, and three at Oldtown, in Maryland. Milroy has retired to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. General W. E. Jones, commanding in the valley, reports that Generals Cox and Milroy had marched from New Creek toward Martinsburg, and that General Geary, with his division, had advanced from Harper's Ferry to within 4 miles of Winchester on the evening of the 3rd instant. General Jones still held Winchester on the 4th, having sent his trains to Strasburg. I have directed General Jones to call upon Colonels Imboden and Davidson for re-enforcements, and directed the latter officers to send to him all their available force. If General Cox has retired from the Kanawha Valley, our troops in the vicinity of Lewisburg could operate to advantage under General W. E. Jones. I request that Major General Samuel Jones be instructed accordingly, should the information communicated by General W. E. Jones be correct.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., December 6, 1862.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your three letters of the 5th instant. A copy of the one giving intelligence of the movements of the enemy in the Valley of Virginia has been forward to General Samuel Jones, and his attention has been specially called to your suggestion of the advantage that might result from the employment of our forces in the vicinity of Lewisburg, under General W. E. Jones, while the movement, being dependent on the withdrawal of General Cox from the Kanawha Valley, and the correctness of the information conveyed by Colonel Imboden,of which he may have better means of judging, has been committed to the discretion of his own judgment. This, I presume, is what you desired, and will suffice to induce the movement, if, with further knowledge of all the facts, it be deemed by Major-General Jones judicious.

Your explanation of the view entertained by you, relative to the proposed service of dismounted amen and of men from the infantry to be employed as cavalry, will, I doubt not, be fully satisfactory in removing the President's scruples as to observance of fifth with the men, and the course recommended will be carried out by the issue of such general orders as you suggest. Your recommendation of Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander for promotion shall be promptly submitted to the President, and, with his concurrence, shall be complied with.

I omitted in my last of acknowledge the presentation of the two guindons, trophies of General Hampton's late handsome affair across the Rappahannock, in which of General Hampton's late handsome affair across the Rappahannock, in which he captured a squadron of the enemy's cavalry. They have been placed in the War Office,with a note appended to each, stating when and by whom they were captured, and there they will service to awaken the emulation of his brother officers to like deeds of gallantry, and to direct toward him his brave command the grateful appreciation of his countrymen. You will convey to General Hampton, in such mode as you may deem appropriate, assurance of due appreciation by the Department of this dashing exploit.

With high consideration and esteem, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

