
as a central point, they might be conveniently moved to the direction of the most serious attack, should be strengthened by all the re-enforcements which can be spared from less exposed commands.

From the general views entertained by the Department of the comparative security during the winter months of your command, concurring with the opinions lately expressed by you in oral communications, as to the more effectual means of defending the exposed frontier by local troops, and the relief which would be afforded to the exhausted cavalry around you by the removal of a part of your command, the Department has concluded to desire you, unless later movements of the enemy have, in your judgment, made in dangerous to your command, to send the two Virginia regiments now with you to this city, to report to General G. W. Smith for service on this line. Should, by any unexpected movements of the enemy, this course be prevented, still, if your arrangements for defense will allow, I would suggest that the two regiments be kept near the railroad, and so prepared for early movement, that in case of a real advance by the enemy on Richmond they might be thrown forward here in time for any decisive actions.

Let me be informed of you ability to send these regiments as soon as your conclusion is determined, and accept assurances of the great esteem and respect of your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,

No. 24. Dublin Depot, W. Va., December 10, 1862.

I. In obedience to orders from the War Department, the undersigned assumes command of the Department of Western Virginia.

II. In addition o the staff officers already on duty, the following are announced: Major Charles S. Stringfellow, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Major William B. Myers, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Captain Giles B. Cooke, assistant adjutant and inspector general;Lieuts. James L. Fraser and P. C. Warwick,aides-de-camp; Major Thomas J. Noble, assistant quartermaster, and Surg. J. W. Breedlove, medical inspector. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

III. The headquarters of the department are transferred temporarily to Dublin Depot.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,No. 98. Dublin Depot, W. Va., December 10, 1862.

I. Brigadier General John S. William, having been relieved from the command of the department, will immediately proceed to take command of his brigade.

By command of Major General S. Jones:

CHAS. S. STRINGFEELOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

