
not very reliable intelligence representing that this country is abundant, and offers many inducements to such operations) or dismount the men and send back the horses, to be wintered in some of the productive counties on the east slope of the mountains in North Carolina. From all I can understand, should you prefer the latter course, the cavalry,as dismounted men, might be much benefitted by the stricter discipline and training to which they would be subjected. On all these points, however, you are better qualified to judge, and I do not mean to restrict your free discretion.

Some reports have reached the Department of occasional controversies in relation to supplies and other in relation to supplies and other incidental matters arising between officers of you command and those belonging to the State Line, under General Floyd. I need scarcely, I am sure, recommend much discretion, and, if necessary, even forbearance, on the part of you officers, to avoid such difficulties, which cannot fail to entail serious embarrassment, and, if carried to any length, disastrous effects, both in your vicinity and elsewhere. Few things would more grieve all true friends or more rejoice all enemies of our cause. Should there be any necessity, a calm appeal to General Floyed for the correction of any abuses on the part of his officers must, I am confident, from the good sense and patriotism which control him receive prompt attention, and induce the removal of all causes of just complaint.

With sentiments of high respect, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Giles Court-House, W. Va., December 11, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I received, last night, your letter of the 6th, inclosing a copy of one of the 5th instant from General Lee. I have no other than a cavalry force at an near Lewisburg. There is a small brigade of infantry in Monroe County, near Union. It is generally believed that Cox has left the Kanawha Valley, leaving behind him only about 5,000 men. But I do not regard that information as sufficiently reliable to justify the withdrawal at this time of any of the infantry from Monroe. I have taken measures to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy in my front, and hope to have reliable information in a few days. The cavalry force is not yet organized by the election of officers. General Jenkins is now organizing it in that respect. From reports made to me, I do not regard that force as in condition for efficient service. It cannot be foraged in the country where it is now serving, and I had directed General Jenkins to send a large portion of it to points i the rear where forage may be procured, the horses put in good condition, and the men instructed and disciplined, and the men instructed and disciplined on foot.

On the receipt of your letter, I immediately called upon General Jenkins to report the number of men he has for immediate and active service. If his report and the information received of the enemy justify it, I will order him to co-operate with Brigadier General W. E. Jones.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

