
[CHAP. XXXIII.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 11, 1862-4.20 a.m.

Major General E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding Right Grand Division:

In addition to the verbal orders already given you, I will add the following:

Your first corps, after crossing, should be protected by the town and the banks of the river as much as possible until the second corps is well closed up and in the act of crossing; after which you will move the first corps directly to the front, with a view to taking the heights that command the Plank road and the Telegraph road, supporting it by your other corps as soon as you can get it over the river. General Hooker will immediately follow in your support, and will see that your right flank is not troubled.

General Franklin crosses below, as you are aware, thus protecting your left. The extent of your movement to the front beyond the heights will be indicated during the engagement.

Please inform me if you propose to change your headquarters before the head of your column reaches the river, that I may send you guides for the roads. I send one with this. If you desire further instructions, please send word by the orderly.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 11, 1862-4.45 a.m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Center Grand Division:

General Sumner is ordered, after crossing the river, to move immediately to the front, with a view to taking the heights commanding the Plank and Telegraph roads. After crossing, you will hold yourself in readiness to support either his column or General Franklin's, which crosses below Deep Run, and will move down the old Richmond road, in the direction of the railroad. Should we be so fortunate as to dislodge the enemy, you will hold your command in readiness to pursue by the two roads.

My headquarters will be at the Phillips house, where, if you will send an aide at 8 o'clock, guides will be furnished you to lead your column. I will be glad to see you at headquarters before the head of your column reaches the river.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 11, 1862-5.15 a.m.

Major-General FRANKLIN, Commanding Left Grand Division:

General Sumner will, after crossing the river, move immediately to the front, with a view to taking the heights which command the Plank and

