HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin Depot, W. Va., December 12, 1862.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,&amp;c.:

GENERAL: It has been suggest by General Lee and the Secretary of War that if the condition and movements of the enemy in the Kanawha Valley will justify it, a part of my forces in the vicinity of Lewisburg might be usefully employed in co-operation with you. The cavalry force of this department is reported to me as very imperfectly organized and badly armed. I have directed General Jenkins to report immediately the number of efficient men and horses he can furnish for active service, and, if the condition of the cavalry and the strength and movements of the enemy in the Kanawha Valley with justify it, I shall be glad to aid you to the extent of my ability. Please communicate to me fully on this matter, and indicate the point to which a cavalry force should proceed in your vicinity to render most efficient service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 13, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant [and Inspector] General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday has been received. It will be impossible to re-enforce Wilmington from this army. I would wish it to be double its present strength for the work before it, if practicable. Detachments from it to that distance lays open Richmond to General Burnside. Re-enforcements for Wilmington, and the coast of North Carolina generally, must be drawn from that State. In the event of no attack upon South Carolina or Georgia, General Beauregard could re-enforce Wilmington, and I recommend that that course be adopted. The people must turn out to defend their homes, or they will be taken from them.

I am,&c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin Depot, W. Va., December 13, 1862.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON,Commanding at The Narrows, W. Va.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct you to see that the fortifications at The Narrows are pushed forward as rapidly as possible. You will give the necessary orders to Captain Poor, Engineer Corps, and furnish him any details necessary to aid him in this work. The general desires the fortifications to be immediately put in such a condition as to render the defense of the position practicable by a small force. The matter is one of importance, and he excepts you to use all diligence in urging it at once.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

