
to-day, and now progressing. Intelligence from General Smith, who has proceeded to North Carolina, reports the enemy as threatening, with force supposed to be 20,000 or upward, the connection at Goldsborough, N. C. Active measures to re-enforce and repel have been taken.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., December 15, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL JONES, Wytheville, Va.:

On Saturday the enemy assailed General Lee's army in force. The firing commenced on his right, extended along the line to the left, and raged all day, when evening closed on the enemy repulsed on our whole front. Since, up to this night (15th instant), the enemy has not renewed the battle, and there has only been desultory cannonading and skirmishing. To-day the enemy asked leave to bury the dead and move the wounded. They commenced this evening fortifying. Our loss, killed and wounded, about 1,800; the enemy's reported much greater.

The enemy is believed to be advancing in force, via Kinston, toward Goldsborough, N. C. General Smith is there. We have sent forward all troops at command to re-enforce him. I thank you for sending troops here so promptly. I have telegraphed to the president of the Southeside road to be ready with transportation at Lynchburg.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

FREDERICKSBURG, December 15, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON:

Scouts sent to Gloucester report that two regiments of infantry, two of cavalry, and a battery of artillery made an excursion into the counties of Gloucester and King and Queen on Friday and Saturday. From Gloucester Point their advance reached King and Queen Court-House, but returned on Sunday.,

All quiet on the Rappahannock. Some indications that enemy is moving toward Potomac. As soon as it is known in North Carolina that Burnside has recrossed the Rappahannock, the advance of enemy in that direction will be checked.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin Depot, W. Va., December 16, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letters of the 10th and 11th have been received. Your telegram of yesterday was received at Wytheville,where I had gone to meet and confer with General Marshall, and to examine the country as far as Rocky Gap. General Marshall received and showed me your telegram, calling for two regiments. I immediately ordered Colonels [A. C.] Moore's and [R. C.] Trigg's regiments (the Twenty-ninth and Fifty-fourth Virginia Volunteers), and Colonel [H. A.] Edmundson's [Twenty-seventh Virginia] battalion, temporarily dismounted, of General Marshall's

