
too much credit cannot be given for his energy, activity, and courage. The obstacles he encountered of every sort throughout these expeditions were of the most formidable character, but they were also most gallantly surmounted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Major-General, Commanding Virginia State Line.
HEADQUARTERS, December 18, 1862.

General WADE HAMPTON, Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: When I proposed your transfer to the cavalry, I understood you, in giving your assent, to say that you did not desire it to be permanent. The death of General Gregg, so deeply regretted by the army and country, leaves his brigade without a commander. If it is agreeable to your wishes, and will not do violence to the feelings of others, I will propose to the Department your permanent transfer to the brigade. I first to know whether it will be agreeable to you.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, December 18, 1862.

His Excellency FRANCIS W. PICKENS,

Governor of South Carolina:

SIR: While South Carolina is mourning the loss of the gallant and distinguished son, General Maxcy Gregg, permit me to join in your sorrow for his death. From my first acquaintance, when you sent, him with his gallant regiment to the defense of our frontier in Virginia, I have admired his disinterested patriotism and his unselfish devotion. He has always been at the post of duty and of danger, and his services in this army have been of inestimable value, and his loss is deeply lamented. In its greatest triumphs and its bloodiest battles he has borne a distinguished part. On the Chickahominy, on the plains of Manassas, at Harper's Ferry, Sharpsburg, and Shepherdstown he led his brigade with distinguished skill and dauntless valor. On the wooded heights of Fredericksburg he fell, in front of his brigade, in close conflict with the advancing foe. The death of such a man is a costly sacrifice, for it is to men of his high integrity and commanding intellect that the country must look to give character to her councils, that she may be respected and honored by all nations. Among those of his State who will proudly read the history of his deeds, may many be found to imitate his noble example.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 18, 1862.

General H. COBB:

GENERAL: I beg leave to express my sympathy in your great sorrow. Your noble and gallant brother has met a soldier's death, and God grant that this army and our country may never be called upon again to mourn so great a sacrifice.

