
Of his merits, his lofty intellect, his genius, his accomplishments, his professional fame, and above all his true Christian character, I need not speak to you, who knew him so intimately and well. But as a patriot and soldier, his death has left a gap in the army which his military aptitude and skill renders it hard to fill. In the battle of Fredericksburg he won an immortal name of himself and his brigade. Hour after hour he held his position in front of our batteries, while division after division of the enemy was hurled against him. He announced the determination of himself and his men to leave their post until the enemy was beaten back, and, with unshaken courage and fortitude, he kept his promise. May God give consolation to this effected family, and may the name and fame of the Christian statesman and soldier be cherished as a bright example and holy remembrance.

With great esteem, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, W. Va., December 18, 1862.

Major General JOHN B. FLOYD,Commanding Virginia State Line:

GENERAL: I have been assigned by the Secretary of War to the command of this department. As you have an independent command within the limits of the department, and we both have the same object in view - to maintain our cause and defended our common country - I think it desirable that there should be concert of action between us. It will give me pleasure to co-operate with you to the extent of my ability in all matters calculated to promote and advance our cause. A personal interview may conduce to this end, and if you will designate the time and place of meeting, I shall be glad to meet your if my engagements at other points in the department will permit.

With great respect and esteem,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 19, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 17th instant, in reference to the First Regiment Georgia Regulars. At this time, ignorant of what movement General Burnside may next make, I am unwilling to diminish the force in his front if it can possibly be avoided; but, should I learn that troops to relieve it are near at hand or can ascertain that General Burnside does not contemplate any immediate advance, I will send regiment in question to Danville, where you can give it orders. As far as I know the character of that part of the country, I am in no apprehension of a rising of the negroes.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[DECEMBER 19, 1862.-For Jones to Heth, in reference to supplies, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XX, Part II, p.456.]

