HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin Depot, W. Va., December 19, 1862.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON, Commanding,&amp;c.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has received information that he deems reliable that on Thursday, the 10th instant, there were four regiments of the enemy at Fayette Court-House, under command of Brigadier-General Ewing. This information is given that you may avoid surprise and be on the alert. The general wishes you to keep him constantly informed of any movement you may be advised of.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. B. MYERS,

[Assistant] Adjutant-General.

(Copy of above addressed to Colonel John McCausland, commanding Princeton.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 20, 1862.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, in reply to your letter of yesterday, in reference to the mail for these headquarters, that I requested no one to cause its detention in Richmond. There is no reason now why it should not come up as usual.

In compliance with the recent circular received from your office, I forward to-day a list of wounded and disabled officers of this army, with the exception of one division of Jackson's corps and the cavalry under General Stuart. These will be forwarded as soon as received. The recent active operations have prevented an earlier compliance with the instructions of the Department in this matter. I have issued a general order requiring all officers,

non-commissioned officers, and privates of this army at present disabled by wounds to report as required in Paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 82, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office.

I respectfully return herewith several applications for assignment to enrolling duty, hoping that all such details will be made from the officers unfit for active field service. The number of the latter is so great as to render it essential to the efficiency of the army that all other remain with their commands. I also forward, in accordance with the instructions of the Ward Department, a list of regiments, brigades,and batteries of Longstreet's corps and of the cavalry of this army.* The list of Jackson's corps will be forwarded in a few days.+ In sending men to the army, the officer in charge will know that such as do not belong to commands in corps of General Longstreet belong to the corps of General Jackson. For the present I request that all for the latter be for forwarded to Guiney's Depot; those of the former to the terminus of railroad transportation (Hamilton's Crossing).

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

*For the cavalry roster, seep.544.

+See Addenda,p.1072.

---------------

