
LEBANON, RUSSELL COUNTY, VIRGINIA, December 26, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Permit me to present to you the following state of facts, with the petition that some action may be taken upon your part to prevent such violations of law as they present:

The citizens of this county were told by General Marshall, last spring, that it was useless for them to plant crops, for this country would be abandoned to the enemy, and they left to reap what we had sown. We accordingly planted short corps. There was quartered upon my premises last summer for two months a considerable body of cavalry, part of General Marshall's command; to them I gave up all my grass, but what was actually necessary to my own wants. About a week since, the Fifth Regiment Kentucky Cavalry [Fourth] came into this vicinity, and on Wednesday last they impressed my hay; and on the day following I was notified by one of their number they intended taking all my corn, which they did, except about 30 bushels. I applied to the quartermaster of the regiment (Captain Atkins) to know under what authority he was acting. He replied, under corps from General Marshal, and his instructions were to strip this country if it was necessary to subsist their stock. The conduct of this regiment was brought to General Marshall's notice a few days since, when he replied that he cared not if we were stripped of everything, for we did not want the Kentuckians among us.

Such has been the conduct of an officer high in command. In his official capacity he told us we would be abandoned to the enemy. We were happily saved by his not advancing.

They are literally stripping the country, and I appeal to you to know if there is not a remedy for the evil complained of.

It would be some gratification, at least, to know that the officer who ordered us to be stripped should be required to show his authority for so doing.

My own is not the only case. Each day they reduce some farmer's stock of corn to a mere pittance; in no case do they propose to purchase, but in all resort to impressment.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES CARRELL.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 30, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I do not know of any duty more obligatory upon the Department than that of placing the department of General Marshall under the command of a general who will restrain the troops oppressing the people.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Camp near Fredericksburg, December 27, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: The Tenth Battalion Georgia Volunteers, under Major Rylander, arrived at Hamilton's Crossing last evening, and reported

