
here this morning, in accordance with Paragraph VI, Special Orders, No. 287, from your office.

Agreeably to the wishes of the honorable Secretary of War, as expressed in your letter of the 17th instant, the First Regiment Georgia Regulars have been ordered to proceed to Danville, Va., so soon as relieved by the Tenth Georgia Battalion. But in case the Department should wish to alter or modify the order, from any change in circumstances, the commanding officer has been directed to report to you in passing through Richmond, to receive you instructions.

Most respectfully, in the temporary absence and by command of General Lee;

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 29, 1862.

Hon. JAMES A SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith two letters from Brigadier General W. E. Jones, of the 26th instant.* General Jones, by my direction, was left in command of the troops in the valley by General Jackson when his corps was withdrawn. As soon as I heard of the movement of the enemy to Moorefield, I instructed him to concentrate the troops in that region, if necessary; cut off the enemy's communications with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and endeavor to drive him across the Potomac.

You will perceived from one of his letters that Colonel Davidson, and the troops under him, are considered under the command of General Elzey, who, I understand, is on duty in Richmond. I think it better that all the troops in the valley should be under one commander, and have, therefore, so ordered it. I have repeated my orders to General Jones to endeavor to drive back the enemy, and to endeavor to rally around him all the citizens of the west, for their protection and defense.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-I inclose the copies of orders+ issued by authority of General Milroy, and the oath of allegiance demanded of our citizens, by which it will be seen what a system of oppression is inaugurated against them. I would recommend that the major of the Tenth [West] Virginia, reported by General Jones, be not paroled, but that he be detailed as hostage.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, New Market, Va., December 26, 1862.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Before measures could be taken for carrying out your suggestions of the 21st instant, a movement by the enemy threatening Woodstock compelled me to concentrate my command here, for the purpose of securing public property, and for battle, if necessary. General

---------------

*Only one found.

+See Series III; also correspondence cited in foot-note to p.1054.

---------------

