HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin Depot, January 17, 1863.

A. T. CAPERTON, Union,[W.] Va.:

DEAR SIR: I have just now received a note from General Echols, saying there was much apprehension felt in your country that I intend withdrawing all troops from Monroe. The general mentions that he would leave Union to-day on a visit, and asked to communicate with you on the subject. I wish you would let it be know, as generally as you can, that I have no such intention whatever, nor do I know of any intention at the War Department further to reduce my force. From the best information I can get, I believe the enemy's force in and near the Kanawha Valley has been recently reduced, and I do not think they are in condition to move farther into the country than they now are with any force which I cannot drive back.

While I do not contemplate withdrawing any troops from Monroe, I shall give you, and, through you, as far as possible to the citizens generally, timely warning. I do not wish any arrest made at present of any Union or disloyal men (citizens) in part of the country occupied by the enemy. Such arrests can only result in retaliation and injury to our loyal citizens. Please let this be generally understood.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,&amp;c.,SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

No. 17. January 17, 1863.

I. Pender's and Lane's brigades, of A. P. Hill's division, Jackson's corps, will immediately repair to Richmond and report to Major-General Elzey, commanding,&c. They will proceed by land unless railroad transportation can be furnished.

II. Brigadier General C. Posey will proceed to Richmond, taking Adjt. J. Routh with him, and report to the Adjutant and Inspector General for orders.

* * * * * *

By order of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 18, 1863.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,Commanding Second Corps:

Your note of yesterday was received last night.* I did not express my idea clearly to you. The problem that you speak of is the one that I was trying to solve. It occurred to me that might protect our men along your line of rifle trenches from the flank fire of the batteries that the enemy might place on your right, by good traverses for that purpose, with a good traverse on the right flank of each pit. I think the men might be perfectly secure from any fire from that direction, particularly as it seems (from my recollection of the field) that the enemy could not use the battery against our right flank after he began to cross

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

