
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, January 29, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

This letter was shown to me last week, and I immediately sent up a special agent with 1,000 shoes, and complete suits for the brigade. I cannot say that the statements are untrue. A letter from General Hays to Mr. Kenner reiterates the wants of his brigade. I send a copy of that letter to General Lee, with the hope of finding out where the fault lies, where there is such destitution. General Jackson's corps is said not to be so well supplied as General Longstreet's. The Secretary will recollect General D. H. Hill's complaints, to whose division General Hays' brigade belongs. These were provided at once. So soon as I receive Colonel Corley's report, I hope to be able to state where the fault lies, if any exists. Almost every day supplies are sent up. Yesterday 5,000 of each article of clothing were dispatched.

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHER VIRGINIA,No. 19. January 19, 1863.

I. The following changes are made in the organization of brigades of this army:

1st. The Sixth, Fifty-fourth, and Fifty-seventh Regiments North Carolina Volunteers are transferred from Law's brigade, Hood's division, Longstreet's corps, to Trible's brigade, Ewell's division, Jackson's corps.

2d. The Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Regiments Alabama Volunteers are transferred from Taliaferro's brigade, Jackson's old division, Jackson's corps, to Law's brigade, Hood's division, Longstreet's corps.

3d. The Fifteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers is transferred from Trimble's brigade, Ewell's division, Jackson's corps, to Law's brigade, Hood's division, Longstreet's corps.

4th. The Nineteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers is transferred from Archer's brigade, A. P. Hill's division, Jackson's corps, to Colquitt's brigade, D. H. Hill's division, same corps.

5th. The Twelfth and Twenty-first Regiments Georgia Volunteers are transferred from Trimble's brigade, Ewell's division, Jackson's corps, to Doles' brigade, D. H. Hill's division, same corps.

6th. The First and Third Regiments North Carolina Volunteers are transferred from Doles' brigade, D. H. Hill's division, Jackson's corps, to Taliaferro's brigade, Jackson's old division, same corps.

7th The Thirteenth Regiment Alabama Volunteers is transferred from Colquitt's brigade, D. H. Hill's division, Jackson's corps, to Archer's brigade, A. P. Hill's division, same corps.

II. The following promotions having been made by the President, are announced accordingly, and the officers promoted will report for duty as directed in each case: Brigadier General Jubal A. Early to be major-general, and to report to Lieutenant-General Jackson for assignment to the command of a division of the Second Army Corps; Brigadier General Isaac [R.] Trimble to be major-general, and to report to Lieutenant-General Jackson for assignment to the command of a division of the Second Army Corps; Colonel R. F. Hoke to be brigadier-general, and to report to Lieutenant-General Jackson for assignment to the command of Trimble's brigade, Ewell's division, Second Corps; Colonel H. L. Benning to be brigadier-general,

