
and to report to Lieutenant-General Longstreet for assignment to the command of Semmes' brigade, McLaw's division, First Corps Colonel W. T. Wofford to be brigadier-General,and to report to Lieutenant-General Longstreet for assignment to the command of Cobb's brigade, McLaws' division, First Corps; Colonel Samuel McGown to be brigadier-general, and to report to Lieutenant-General Jackson for assignment to the command of Gregg's brigade, A. P. Hill's division, Second Corps; and Captain Joseph M. Jayne to be colonel, and to report to Lieutenant-General Longstreet for assignment to the command of the Forty-eighth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers, Feartherston's brigade, Anderson's division, First Corps.

* * * * * *

VII. Agreeably to instructions from the Secretary of War, Brigadier General W. S. Featherstonn is relieved from duty with this army, and will proceed to Jackson, Miss., and report for duty to General J. E. Johnston, commanding Army of the West, or, should be absent, to Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton, commanding in Mississippi. He will take with him Captain W. R. Barksdale, assistant adjutant-general, and Major L. S. Scruggs, quartermaster, who are hereby relieved from further duty with this army.

VIII. Brigadier General C. Posey will report to Lieutenant General J. Longstreet for assignment to the command of the brigade to the command of the brigade formerly commanded by General Featherston.

* * * * * *

By command of R. E. Lee,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 20, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: The chief commissary of this army, Colonel Cole, proposes to exchange with citizens of the adjacent counties sugar for bacon, or other meat, to be issued to the troops in lieu of the sugar now proposed as a component part of the ration. In the counties of Greene, Madison, and Culpeper it is believed that a good deal of salt meat is retained by the citizens for their domestic use, which they would be tempted to part with. The now have to pay $1.25 per pound for sugar, and bacon costs 35 cents per pound. If we could exchange one pound of sugar for two of bacon, even, it would be a saving to the Government and a gain to the army. Major Hill, of the commissary department, and a citizen of Culpeper, thinks that by offering sugar in small quantities at a time, many thousand pounds of bacon can be obtained from that county alone.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 22, 1863.

Referred to Commissary-General, with the sanction of this Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

