
Botetourt, Bedford, &amp;c., which the owners are withholding from market, and which might be secured for the use of the army by active and energetic agents.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 23, 1863.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I dislike very much to trouble Your Excellency, but the want of supplies for the troops has been reported to me this morning, which, coming at this time, causes me the greatest uneasiness. Unless regular supplies can betaine, I fear the efficiency of the army will be reduced by many thousand men, when already the army is far inferior in numbers to that of the enemy. I do not know whether the difficulty arises from the want of provisions at Richmond or from delay in its transportation to this point, but the result is that there is a scarcity of food for the men. If the provisions are in Richmond, I think, by an energetic operation of the railroad, they can be readily transported. Great delay in the running of the freight trains has been reported to me, which could be avoided by zeal and energy on the part of the agents.

It has been suggested to me that Captain sharp, assistant quartermaster, conversant with the operations of the railroad, would make a capital superintendent. I am told he is now in North Carolina. I beg Your Excellency will cause such directions to be given as the case admits of, and that I, at least, be informed what supplies I can rely upon. The chief commissary of this army, in compliance with the directions of the Commissary-General at Richmond, has reduced the salt-meat rations to a quarter of a pound per man, and ordered one-fifth of a pound of sugar to be issued in addition; but there is no sugar here for the purpose.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

FREDERICKSBURG, January 23, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

The commissary of this army, in compliance with instructions of the Commissary-General at Richmond, has reduced the salt-meat ration, and ordered the sugar to be substituted. I learn this more: There is no sugar here for the purpose, and the salt meat is very bad time. Can it be remedied?

R. E. LEE.

[Indorsements.]

To Commissary-General, for prompt remedy.

J. A. S. [SEDDON],

Secretary of War.

OFFICE OF COMMISSARY-GENERAL, January 24, 1863.

Contents noted. Much more than this; deficiency of transportation has been expected for over a twelve-month. Attempts made to antici

