
manently at that point to defend if from any cavalry raid that the enemy may organize for its destruction. These, i hope, soon to see completed. East of New River, on your road, there are several points, as the trestle-work and the bridges crossing the Roanoke River, of minor importance, but yet of such consequence that, if destroyed, the operations of your road would be seriously interfered with, unless there were on hand means for their immediate renewal. The resources of this army are not such as would enable the commanding general to guard each bridge with a sufficient force to repel an attack of the enemy's cavalry, and it is thought that in such cases as I have mentioned, in which the repairs or renewal could be completed in a few days if the timber was at hand, it would be better if the railroad company would prepare themselves for such an emergency. It is scarcely probable that a cavalry expedition would be forwarded, at the risk they would encounter, for the purpose of only destroying the bridges I have mentioned, but the importance of New River Bridge might induce it, and, finding it impossible to effect anything at that point, the enemy might turn their attention to them.

May I ask the favor of an early reply to this communication?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. ROBINSON,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin Depot, January 25, 1863.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON, Narrows:

COLONEL: The general commanding has received information that he enemy propose attempting another raid, on a much larger scale, for the purpose of destroying New River Bridge. It is thought they will move in three parties, one by Lewisburg, another by Pack's Ferry, and a third by Coal River, to Tazewell County. The general forwards this information that you may be on the alert, and prepared to co-operate with General Wiliams immediately on the receipt of information. You will of course, keep the general informed of anything that may transpire.

I am, colonel, yours, &amp;c.,

W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin Depot, January 25, 1863.

Officer Commanding Virginia State Line,

near Saltville, via Glade spring:

From information I have, I think it probable the enemy will make a cavalry raid on the salt-works, by Coal River, through Boone to Tazewell County. I communicate the information to put you on your guard.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,January 25, 1863.

Major General JOHN B. FLOYD, Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram and orders in regard to Lieutenant-Colonel Swann received. Who commands the State Line your absence, and where can

