
I address him? I have information that leads me to believe the enemy will make two or three cavalry raids in this direction, one by way of Coal River, though Boone, to Tazewell County. Of course, they will attempt the salt-works, if they come.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin Depot, January 25, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. WILLIAMS,

Salt Sulphur Spring:

GENERAL: I have information which leads me to believe that the enemy will soon make another raid on a much larger scale, with the purpose of destroying the railroad bridge over New River, and to do such other mischief as they can. It is thought they will move in three parties, one by Lewisburg, one by Pack's Ferry, and another by Coal River, to Tazewell County. I wish you to be on the alert, and prepared to meet the enemy if he attempts this raid. Station the companies of the two Captain Thurmonds at or near the mouth of Indian Creek, and keep out strong pickets on the roads I have mentioned. The two companies of cavalry, Preston's and Eakle's, though small, ought if properly handled, to give you early information of the movements of the enemy. Communicate to me immediately the first indication of a forward movement of the enemy entered monroe County early Saturday morning, and I knew nothing of it until about daylight the next morning. The information did not reach Colonel Wharton, at The Narrows, until about midnight of the 10th, Saturday. Communicate promptly to Colonel Wharton any information which it may be desirable he should know of the enemy's movements, that he may co-operate with you. Acknowledge the receipt of this, and inform me to what points your pickets [have advanced.] Lieutenant-Colonel Swann's battalion of cavalry (State Line) has been ordered to Lewisburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 26, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 24th instant, forwarding a resolution of the House of Representatives calling upon the President for copies of the official reports of all battles not already presented to that body.

I have endeavored to keep the Department advised of the results of all battles in which this army has been engaged, as well as its movements and operations, but so great has been the labor of the troops during the campaign, so constant their occupation in the march and field, and so great the change of officers from wounds and death, that it has been impossible for the various commanders to make out the required detailed reports. I have not yet received all the reports of the

