HDQRS. 1ST DIV., AMBULANCE CORPS, 1ST ARMY CORPS,December 27, 1862.

Captain B. HUTCHESON,

Commanding First Ambulance Corps, First Army Corps:

SIR: In pursuance of your instructions, i beg leave to submit the following report of operations of the division ambulance corps under my charge during the recent engagement at fredericksburg, Va., December 13 and following:

In accordance with your directions, I moved forward on the morning of Saturday, December 13, to a point near the bank of the river, and went into park with the other division ambulance corps of the First Army Corps.

Previous to this, I had dispatched my stretcher-bearers to their respective regiments, each regimental squad being under charge of a sergeant, and the whole under command of Lieutenant William H. Adriance, of the First Brigade ambulance corps.

About noon of Saturday, i received your ordered for the transmission of twenty 2-horse ambulances to the scene of action. I immediately dispatched them, under command of Lieutenant Henry knight, of Second Brigade ambulance corps. For his prompt execution of the order he is deserving of much credit, being for some time under fire, and meeting with several narrow escapes.

One of the ambulance under his charge was so injured by the explosion of a shell as to render it unfit for service, and was consequently left on the field, a note of which you will find in my report of December 25.

During the p. m., the balance of my corps was ordered to the division hospital, near the scene of action, when they were loaded with wounded and dispatched to general hospital. sunday morning I returned to division hospital with ten 2-horse ambulances. At the same time, Lieutenant Adriance, in charge of stretcher-bearers, was relieved by Lieutenant C. Kellogg, of Third Brigade ambulance corps, the former having become exhausted from the severity of the labors devolving upon him.

During Sunday and monday, we were forwarding the wounded from division hospital to general as fast as they were brought in by the stretcher-bearers. At 4 p. m. I received the order of retreat, and loading my ambulances with the remaining wounded, conducted them safely to this side of the river.

Leaving the wounded at general hospital, I rejoined my division corps, and went into park about 1 1/2 miles back from the Rappahannock River.

As near as I can ascertain from the reports of my lieutenants in charge of brigade corps, the number of wounded carried by my division corps from field (or division) hospital to general hospital was 600. Many included in this number were of other divisions.

Of the officers and men of my division corps, I am happy to say that from my own observations and the reports of my lieutenants and sergeants, with but one exception, all did their duty cheerfully and promptly. The prompt and efficient manner in which the stretcherbearers performed their duties is worthy of especial mention. I cannot in my report give their duties is worthy of especial mention. I cannot in my report give you the names of all that are deserving of mention, but I would very respectfully call your attention to the following as worthy candidates for promotion on grounds of meritorious conduct in action: Sergt. Walter Smith U. S. Sharpshooters; Sergt. Augustus Yeckly, Twenty-fourth New York Volunteers; Private W. W.

