
Stone and M. McDonough, of Fourteenth Brooklyn Volunteers, all of First Brigade; Sergeant Fitzpatrick, of Thirty-fifth New York Volunteers, of Third Brigade; Sergeant [George W.] Peet, of Twentieth New York State Militia, of same brigade (was wounded in the early part of the engagement by a cannon-shot in the leg, rendering amputation necessary); Sergeant [William B.] Hutchinson, Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, and Sergeant [Frederick R.] Dearborn, Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, of Fourth Brigade.

The working of the ambulance corps during the recent engagement has demonstrated beyond doubt the usefulness and efficiency of the organization.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant, Chief First Division Ambulance Corps, 1st A. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 26, 1863.

Brigadier General E. FERRERO,

New York:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Burnside to inform you that your name was inserted in General Orders, Numbers 8, for the following reasons:

That you pressed for a leave of absence with great pertinacity when it was opposed by your commanding officer, and it was finally granted you over his head; that at the expiration of the leave you applied for an extension, and did not report at the expiration of the extension, as the general commanding considered you should have made great efforts to do.

General Burnside has since learned that you had sufficient reason for your delay, and he therefore desires to say that your name was placed in that order under misapprehension.

This letter may be used in such manner as you desire.

The General commanding will telegraph the War Department as you request.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. L. VAN BUREN,

Major, and Aide de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,April 30, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

The name of General Ferrero has been mentioned by me in disparaging terms, under misapprehension on my part. This, with the high opinion that General Reno had of him, makes me anxious to see him restored.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

