
EXPLANATION OF MAP.

Redoubts represented

Rifle-pits represented

Roads represented

Houses represented

Mills represented

Forests represented

Artillery:

Confederate batteries

Union batteries

Park

Infantry:

Confederate

Union

Confederate cavalry represented

Pontoon bridges

Burned bridges

Railroads

A. Stuart's cavalry, not engaged; Stuart commanded the field artillery on the right flank; Jackson's corps extended from Hamilton's Crossing to Deep Run, and formed connection with Longstreet's corps.

1. Walker's regiment, composed of Latham's, Letcher's, Braxton's, Pegram's, Crenshaw's Johnson's, and McIntosh's batteries.

2. Pelham's Horse Artillery.

3. Washington Artillery.

4. Read's artillery; 30-pounder Parrott gun on right. General Lee's headquarters during battle.

5. Macon's artillery.

6. Carlton's artillery; 30-pounder Parrott gun on right. Longstreet's corps occupied the left wing in the following order: Anderson on extreme left; Ransom next, McLaws next, Pickett next, Hood next, forming Longstreet's right flank, and resting on Deep Run, to which Jackson's left flank reached. Cobb occupied Marye's Hill and the stone wall below where the right was thickets. Was re-enforced by Cook and Kershaw.

7. McCarthy's battery.

8. Lane's battery; Whitworth gun on right. All of the redoubt were occupied by batteries.

9. Huger's battery.

11. Lewis' battery.

12. Granby's battery.

13. Moran's battery, of Alexander's battalion.

14. Enemy's battery, enfilanding stone wall. Anderson's division extends from Dr. Taylor's to plank road; Ransom's and McLaws' divisions extend from plank road crossing Marye's Hill to Telegraph road; Pickett's division extends from Telegraph road along foot to below Battery Numbers 7; thence, crossing field, to Deep Run. Hood's division from foot of hill below Numbers 7, up to Battery Numbers 10. A. P. Hill's division, from Battery Numbers 10, to Hamilton's Crossing. D. H. Hill in reserve, in rear of A. P. Hill. Early in reserve, out had a portion of his troops engaged.

