HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Phillips House, December 13, 1862.

Brigadier General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you place your corps in position to cross at the three upper bridges, at a moment's notice, in support of the troops over the river.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Fredericksburg, Va., December 13, 1862.

Brigadier General A. W. WHIPPLE,

Commanding Division:

I am directed by the major-general commanding Fredericksburg to say that he expects you to hold that part of the city which you are picketing at all hazards. He was given directions to Brigadier-General Carroll, on being relieved, to report to you with his brigade, and he requests that you post them in a manner to afford you the most assistance. The general's headquarters to-night will be on the corner of Hanover and Princess Anne streets.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December 13, 1862-1 p.m.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

Commanding First Division:

In compliance with orders from the major-general commanding the center grand division, the corps will march at once across the river to Fredericksburg by the right, left, and center bridges, as heretofore ordered. The march must be as rapid as possible without over-fatiguing the troops previous to engaging. General Sykes will keep to the right, to avoid any collision or stoppage of General Humphreys' column. The troops must be cautioned to be sparing of their ammunition, fire low, and by volleys. Let the Fifth Corps to-day do its whole duty faithfully and fearlessly, and all will be well. This corps will move to the support of General Sumner's grand division or for reserve, as the case may be.

The dispositions, unless otherwise directed, after leaving the town, will be as heretofore ordered-Sykes' division the right, Griffin's the left, Humphrey's the center. If but two divisions are ordered forward, Griffin's and Humphreys' will advance, Sykes' in reserve. If but one division, Griffin will lead.

[DANL. BUTTERFIELD,]

Brigadier-General.

