
front is impossible at present. I have Stoneman's two divisions in action, and Burns' is the only division in reserve. The truth is, my left is in danger of being turned. What hope is there of getting re-enforcements* across the river?

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, December 13, 1862 (Received 2 p.m.)

Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dumfries, Va.:

One of my divisions has arrived at this place. The others encamp to-night at Chantily. I can move forward to-morrow if desired. If practicable, however, I would like to remain here one day to have artillery and cavalry horses shod.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers.

DECEMBER 13, 1862-12 m.

[Colonel RICHMOND:]

COLONEL: The pickets are strongly supported, and hold their front undisturbed. General Burns' division is between Deep Run and Hazel Run, with a battery in position across Hazel Run. Franklin's own pickets cover Burns' front. Burns is throwing a bridge for infantry across Deep Run. Artillery would have to cross Deep Run higher up, by a road said to be the Bowling Green road, which is picketed by Franklin's troops. Getty and Sturgis remain as reported in my last dispatch, guarding the space between Couch and Franklin. Whipple will probably soon have some troops at the lower bridge, with a view to cross if needed here. There is no further advance of the enemy's troops down Hazel Run ravine.

Very respectfully,

WILLCOX.

LEFT SIGNAL STATION,

December 13, 1862-4.25 p.m.

General BURNSIDE:

General Couch reports that he has carried the crest of the hill, and I have ordered Sturgis to advance. Humphreys is ordered to support Couch. General Graffin is relieving Sturgis, who is holding on, in spite of all, until he is relieved.

WILLCOX.

PHILLIPS HOUSE,

December 13, 1862-9.30 a.m.

General SUMNER:

The enemy have constructed parallels along the entire ridge, connecting their first line of works. He has also rifle-pits extending along the base of the hill to his right of the first line of works; also pits confronting a part of Franklin's forces.

HALL AND TAYLOR,

Signal Officers.

---------------

*Instead of "re-enforcements," one copy reads, "Sigel or Slocum."

---------------

