
and enterprise evinced in this instance is characteristic of this battalion. Also the reports of Colonel [R. H.] Burks and Major [E. V.] White relative to General [J.] Staphel's expedition from Chantily to Berryville.* In this case Major White suffered the penalty of a surprise. The prompt action of a portion of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, under Major Massie, led off by the conspicuous gallantry of Lieutenant Randolph, saved White's battalion from pursuit beyond Berryville and inspired the enemy with a wholesome dread of our arms. This is another instance showing the very soul of cavalry is in prompt and vigorous action. One hundred men, flushed from their camp by 800 in the very flood-tide of victory, met them and turned them in confusion to their distant quarters, whence they came in quest of information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry.

No. 3. Report of Major E. V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

NOVEMBER 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to send you an account of the scout I sent to Maryland.

Captain George W. Chiswell, Company B, left my camp on the evening of the 24th instant, 7 p.m., with 46 men, proceeded direct to Conrad's Ferry, 4 miles below Leesburg, and sent an advance guard across the Potomac, who reported none of the enemy near. The main body then crossed and started direct for Poolesville; when within 2 1/2 miles from the town caught 4 of the enemy, who were guarding some stores-principally medical stores. They reported some 16 of the enemy in the town guarding the stores left there. Arrived at the town about 6 a.m. and charged it; captured 16 of the enemy, together with the telegraph operator, all of whom were paroled; captured stores of ll kinds, consisting of guns, tents, clothing, medicines, &amp;c., all

of which were destroyed, with the exception of what the men could carry away on their horses. They remained in the town about three hours; sent scouts around through the country in various directions. The company is from that immediate neighborhood and knew the country well. Some of the men were near Frederick City, and report about 200 cavalry in the town, together with some 200 convalescent infantry. The company recrossed the river at White's Ferry without encountering any of the enemy's scouts. Among the various articles captured was the telegraph operator's battery and a very large and handsome silk bag, both of which I send you.

The company arrived in camp about 8 p.m. on the evening [of the] 25th, thus making the trip of 70 miles in about twenty-six hours, without the loss of a man.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

E. V. WHITE,

Major, Commanding Cavalry.

Brigadier General W. E. Jones,

Commanding Post at Winchester, Va.

---------------

*See November 28-30, 1862, Reconnaissance from Chantilly to Snicker's Ferry, etc., p.17.

---------------

