
lines of picket sentinels. Why not ask for a flag of truce for a couple of hours in Reynolds' front, to bring in the wounded? Franklin recommends it. Please reply soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Fredericksburg, Va., December 15, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Application has been made to me for authority to bury the dead which have been left on the field between the picket lines of the armies. As this can only be effected through a flag of truce, I have deemed proper to refer it to the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, for his consideration.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,

Fredericksburg, Va., December 15, 1862.

Major-General Couch is assigned to the charge of the defense of Fredericksburg from Hanover street east, and Brigadier-General Butterfield from Hanover street to the Rappahannock, on the west. For this service Brigadier-General Whipple's command is temporarily assigned to that of Brigadier-General Butterfield, and General Whipple will report accordingly.

Generals Couch and Butterfield will make their dispositions for this service as soon as the change in the position of the troops can be made without unnecessary exposure of their respective commands.

In posting the pickets, supports, and reserves, these officers are enjoined to consider both the defense of the city and the security of those who are within it. They will hold their commands well in hand, and, if there are absentees, will send out patrols to search the streets and houses for them. It is necessary that every officer and soldier should be at his post. Generals Couch and Butterfield are also requested to have all of the streets of the city kept open for rapid communication, and also the bridges connecting the city with the opposite shore.

By command of Major General Joseph Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Fredericksburg, Va., December 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to state that I have nothing of importance to report this morning, except that the enemy appear to have been diligent during the night in connecting and strengthening their defenses in front

