
[CHAP. XXXIII.

Division commanders will make known their location and headquarters to corps headquarters.

Roll-call will be made in the entire command three times each day, absentees punished, and a return sent in "present for duty" (officers, non-commissioned, and soldiers) in each division at 12 m. each day.

By command of Brigadier General D. Butterfield:

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Fredericksburg, Va., December 15, 1862-4.15 p.m.

Division commanders will take measures at once to fortify the positions assigned to them for defense. Captain Weed will designate the positions for artillery. General Warren will designate and point out the nature and character of the works to be made. These works will be for temporary use, and be constructed with a view to the number of tools in hand. The batteries to take position will be designated by Captain Weed.

By order of Brigadier-General Butterfield:

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

TYLER'S BATTERY,

December 15, 1862-9 a.m. (Received 10.30 a.m.)

General BURNSIDE:

A large number of new earthworks and rifle-pits have been built by the enemy during the night. The whole work which Sumner's left engaged has been greatly strengthened.

J. B. BROOKS,

Signal Officer.

[DECEMBER 16,] 1862-6.20 [a.m.]

General BURNSIDE:

General Whipple is now crossing. Sykes alone remains. The pickets will be called in in thirty minutes. Two or three batteries were found in the streets, not belonging to the Fifth Corps, and sent over. After Griffin crossed, at the lower bridge, the bridge was torn up without orders. Whipple has finished crossing. The pickets are being called in. Sykes' command has commenced crossing. The lower one of the two upper bridges has been floated off.

CUTTING,

Aide-de-Camp.

THE SEDDON HOUSE,

December 16, 1862-12 m.

Captain CUSHING:

A column of the enemy is now passing in a southeasterly direction from a point in front of where General Franklin's left was yesterday. I

