
[CHAP. XXXIII.

fight, and that his men were by that time pretty generally engaged. He also added, I think that Birney had orders to support them. I then inquired if any of General Smith's corps were engaged, and was told they were not. I returned to headquarters, passing Captain Cutts, who arrived as I left General Franklin, and reported the information I had received to General Burnside, who seemed at the time annoyed at the smallness of the force engaged, and expressed his surprise that none of General Smith's troops had been put into the fight. It was about 12.30 when I arrived with my report at headquarters. This was the only order I delivered to General Franklin that day, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

P. M. LYDIG,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Statement of Captain J. M. Cutts, Aide-de-Camp.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, March 31, 1863.

The following is an extract from notes made by me during the progress of the battle at Fredericksburg:

"General Meade advanced at 12.30 o'clock. Batteries across the river commenced firing to cover that advance, shelling the enemy's position in front of Reynolds' left, as reported by General Franklin. About 2 o'clock I carry order to Franklin to advance his right and front, and immediately return with information to show why Franklin thinks it impossible to advance. There was no advance. When I had communicated this information to General Burnside, he immediately replied, 'But he must advance,' and directed me to go back and give the order to General Franklin, but then, pausing, said, 'Wait, I will send some one else."

The above is, to the best of my knowledge and belief, a correct statement, all of the same included within quotation marks being in words and figures an exact transcript from notes made by me at the time.

J. M. CUTTS,

Captain Eleventh Infantry, Aide-de-Camp.

Statement of Captain R. H. I. Goddard, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 3, 1863.

I take the following from my notes, made a few days after the battle of Fredericksburg:

I was sent on the day of the battle of Fredericksburg to General Franklin, on the left, with this order from General Burnside: "Tell General Franklin, with my compliments, that I wish him to make a vigorous attack with his whole force; our right is hard pressed." I delivered this order about 2 o'clock in the afternoon to General Franklin, in the presence of General Hardie. Either General Franklin or General Hardie told me that all the forces were engaged except Burns' division, which was guarding the bridge. Sickles' division was just going into action. The left had been very seriously threatened, but that now the attack was changed to the front. It was impossible to remove troops from the left to the center at that time. As soon as an opportunity presents itself, a vigorous attack should be made along the lines, as General Burnside wished. I stated also, just before leaving, that General Burnside was very explicit in giving this order to make a vigorous attack.

R. H. I. GODDARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

