
NOVEMBER 28, 1862.-Affair near Hartwood Church, Va.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, and General Orders, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.

No. 3.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

No. 4.-Major General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION, Camp near Potomac Creek, Va., November 30, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the information of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, the report of Brigadier-General Averell, commanding brigade of cavalry, of the surprise and capture of a picket of his command on the morning of the 28th instant. Under the circumstances, I have felt it to be my duty to call for a court of inquiry, in order that a full and thorough investigation be made of that disgraceful affair, with a view to fasten the responsibility of it upon the culpable, and having them brought to trial and punishment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding Center Grand Division.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

No. 2. Report of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, and General Orders, Headquarters Army of the Potomac.

HDQRS. FIRST CAV. Brigadier, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 29, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the cavalry pickets from this brigade, under the command of Captain Johnson, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, near Hartwood, were attacked yesterday morning about sunrise by a cavalry force of the enemy, 700 or 800 strong, and I regret to add that 5 officers and 77 men, with their horses and equipments, were captured and carried off, and 4 wounded left on the ground.

Upon receiving the report of this deplorable affair yesterday morning, I immediately sent an officer to overtake two squadrons, which had left this camp at daylight, destined to relieve the pickets at Hartwood with orders to push on rapidly to the assistance of the pickets, and proceeded

