
No. 3. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, November 30, 1862.

GENERAL: I have received and read with pleasure the report of Brigadier General Wade Hampton of the operations of a part of his command on the 28th instant. The arrangements made by General Hampton, and the manner in which he carried them into execution, reflect credit upon himself and his command. I especially commend the judgment and skill displayed by him in so disposing his forces and conducting his movements as to accomplish the results he has attained without any loss on his part. Be pleased, general, to communicate to General Hampton my appreciation of the service he has rendered, and of the energy and good conduct that characterized the entire movement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to send to you two guidons, taken by Brigadier General Wade Hampton on the occasion of his late expedition within the enemy's lines, when he captured a squadron of cavalry. General Hampton's report of this handsome affair has been forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General. The manner in which it was conducted, and the energy and courage displayed by General Hampton and the officers and men under his command, in my opinion, are deserving of high commendations.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

The Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond, Va.

No. 4. Report of Major General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, November 28, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, with 50 men from the First North Carolina Regiment, the same number from the Cobb Legion, 40 from the Jeff. Davis Legion, 34 from the Phillips Legion, and the same number from the Second South Carolina Regiment, I crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Mill yesterday morning, and proceeded, through Morrisville, across the country toward the White Ridge road. Before reaching this point I learned that a regiment of the enemy was stationed at the Yellow Chapel, 8 miles from Falmouth, with their pickets extending

