
Lieutenants Hebrew and Barrett in communication with headquarters station.

Upon visiting the station near the upper bridge later in the day, I found that we had gained possession of the opposite bank of the Rappahannock, and that the bridge was being rapidly finished; whereupon I immediately sent a message to you, asking for several officers to accompany the column, the ready to take possession of Fredericksburg; but shortly afterward, meeting Lieutenants Brooks and Stone, made arrangements with them to cross with General Couch and open communication from the court-house steeple with the officers near the Lacy house, which Lieutenants Hall and Taylor at the headquarters station. Soon after, night, bringing with it a heavy mist, set in, and knowing that no signaling could be done before the morrow's sun and wind had dispelled the fog, I gave Lieutenants Wilson and Dinsmore permission to return to camp, they being instructed to be at their post in good time the next day.

Friday, December 12, joined you at the Phillips house. Accompanied Lieutenants Wilson and Dinsmore to the Lacy house. Crossed the river into Fredericksburg to ascertain what had become of Lieutenants Brooks and Stone. Found them at the appointed place, the court-house steeple; had them open communication with the officers at the Lacy house, the fog being too dense to distinguish the station at the Phillips house. Reported the locality of station to General Couch. Sent Lieutenant Stone to a point near General Couch's position to open communication directly to the Lacy house. By your directions, sent Lieutenants Adams and Jerome to a point at the extreme right of the town. These officers were afterward drawn in by yourself and stationed at the Corn Bluff. I would here mention that I found them occupying a good point and waiting for the disappearance of the mist preparatory to opening communication with the headquarters station.

Very little of interest save the crossing of the troops into Fredericksburg transpiring, we sent but few messages. The officers occupied their respective stations that night. Saturday, December 13, I was early in Fredericksburg. Was informed by General Couch that he was about to advance to take the enemy's works. Sent a message asking for several officers to relieve Lieutenants Brooks and Stone and occupy the steeple. Directed the two latter officers to accompany General Couch. The troops failing to dislodge the enemy, General Couch took up his position in front of the court-house building, and Lieutenants Brooks and Stone reported to him from the court-house steeple. At times the general would ascend and relieve the officers, by taking their place at the glass, and viewing for himself the field of operations. Lieutenants Yates and Fuller having reported to me, were stationed in the steeple to transmit messages to the headquarters station. Ascertaining that the messages could not be transmitted as rapidly as they came, I galloped over to the Phillips house and requested two more officers with them. Lieutenants Gloskoski and Owen established a station near General Willcox's headquarters.

Afterward seeing General Hooker in the city, I rode out to the mill above the city, called in Captain Kendall and Lieutenant Fortescue, and directed them, provided General Hooker remained in town, to report to him, and opened communication with headquarters station.

The next morning, finding that Lieutenant Fuller had returned to the Phillips house, I placed Captain Kendall and Lieutenant Fortescue in the steeple, to transmit messages to headquarters, and ordered Lieutenant Yates to report to you at the Phillips house. This day I visited,

