
[CHAP. XXXIII.

by your direction, the signal detachment with General Franklin, and suggested the establishment of a station at the Seddon house, from whence all movements of the enemy upon the right and left could be observed. The suggestion having been reported to General Franklin by Lieutenant Pierce, it was at once ordered to be carried into effect. Left Lieutenant Pierce's officers all on duty, and returned to Fredericksburg.

On Monday, by your directions, I ordered Set G and Set B to exchange stations. This was afterward countermanded by yourself. Our officers occupied the several stations until the troops were withdrawn to this side of the river, when they again reported to camp, except Set G, which still occupied the position upon the Corn Bluff.

I would here take occasion to mention that Lieutenant Barrett was sent by General Willcox to occupy the court-house steeple, and report, through Hebrew, to the said general. It gives me pleasure to mention the courage displayed and the marked attention given to duty, under the fire of the enemy, by Lieutenants Gloskoski, Brooks, Owen, Fuller, Barrett, and Stone. These officers, with one exception, were for three days constantly exposed to the fire of the enemy's batteries, and messages were sent by them when their flags were the special mark of the enemy's artillery. The station of Lieutenants Wilson and Dinsmore also received the gift of shell and solid shot from the enemy. The latter officer displayed much coolness.

Accompanying I send you the several reports of the senior officers of Sets B, G, and L.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

Captain SAMUEL T. CUSHING,

Chief Signal Officer.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Samuel Adams, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

CORN HILL BLUFF, December 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in pursuance to order from the chief signal officer, Army of the Potomac, that at 4 a.m. on the 11th ultimo I proceeded to the Phillips house. At 10 a.m., by your verbal order, I proceeded to the central pontoon bridge. Finding the bridge deserted by the engineers, I retired a short distance, when, meeting the chief signal officer, Army of the Potomac, he ordered us to headquarters to await orders. At 6 p.m. we were again ordered to the bridge by the chief signal officer, Army of the Potomac.

Part of the column moved early in the morning, and we accompanied them. At 11 a.m., 12th instant, took station on a yellow house, afterward occupied by Lieutenants Gloskoski and Owen. Waited for the fog to lift at that point for some hours. Captain Fisher then gave orders for the set to proceed to the right of the town. Before reaching said place, we received a verbal order to report to the Phillips house. At 6 p.m. we were ordered to relieve Lieutenants Hebrew and Barrett; but Captain Brooker, informing us that they were no longer there, he commanding the battery, we remained until the morning, when, pro-

