
ceeding to resume the station, we found that said officers had not left. Relieving them, we removed nearer to the river, and opened communication with the left through Lieutenant Hill, and Major-General Burnside through Captain Hall's station. The fight of the 13th instant was witnessed, and such movements as the enemy made were, as far as seen, reported. The attack on General Sumner's left was noticed and reported-through a glass, however, and consequently with composure.

We would respectfully claim for Set G that Lieutenant A. B. Jerome noticed the movement of the enemy on the 13th instant to the left and reported the same in advance of any others.

I respectfully submit a copy of messages sent.

By order of Samuel Adams, captain and acting signal officer, Set G, Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers:

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. B. JEROME,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer, First New Jersey Vols. Set G.

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Commanding Signal Reserve Party.

Numbers 9. Report of Captain Frederick E. Beardslee, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL TELEGRAPH,December 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the afternoon of the 10th of December, Lieut A. M. Wright ran out the wire from General Sumner's headquarters to the road, on the extreme right of batteries commanded by Colonel Tyler, and, leaving the instrument in charge of the colonel of the Thirty-fifth Massachussets, I returned to camp. At 12 p.m. that night I started with him and his men to open communication from General Sumner's headquarters to the terminus of the line run out that afternoon. I remained at General Sumner's, and Lieutenant Wright proceeded to take charge of the other end of the line. Communication was opened about 3 a.m. the morning of the 11th. I then broke up the station at General Sumner's headquarters to the general headquarters for a short time, to work with Lieutenant Wright, there being but one instrument at General Sumner's. I then broke up the line from headquarters to White Oak Chapel about 6 a.m., and caused the instrument to be carried on horseback to the Phillips house, General Sumner's headquarters, to work the line to headquarters, making the lines to Lieutenant Wright and to headquarters each an independent line.

I also directed that the line from headquarters to White Oak Chapel should be reeled up and taken to the Phillips house, which was done, arriving at the Phillips house about 2 p.m. On arriving there myself early that morning, I found that the instrument had been taken out of the house and placed under a tree in the rear by your orders, and Lieutenant William H. Hill in charge. The lines all worked well that day. At 7 p.m. a detail of cavalry, composed of 10 men from the Third Indiana, in charge of Corpl. B. S. Bledsoe, and 10 men from the Eighth Illinois, in charge of Corpl. E. Wayne, reported to me to act as a patrol over the various lines. They one and all were of great service to me, reliev-

