
up. I omitted to state above that this line was entirely run out by means of the hand-bearers. All of the wire, &amp;c., was brought into camp, and communication again opened with Belle Plain; also with the Phillips house, as before.

Too much credit cannot be given to Lieutenant A. M. Wright for the able manner in which he managed the laying of the wire from the Phillips house to the left grand division, and in moving his station while there across the river and back, and keeping open communication with the general headquarters while under fire.

Lieutenant Wonderly also deserves creditable notice for keeping open communication with the general headquarters all the time, although several times under fire.

Among others of my party, I will particularly notice Operators Hough and Levy for the good service they have done for the last week; also the operators at headquarters-Corrigan, Presley, and Fulton.

The men composing my party were Sergeant Booth, Privates Mabie, Fishback, Clawson, Henginer, Chantillier, and French. They all cheerfully did all that was required of them.

The only loss sustained by my party was a few feet of wire and one horse, which broke loose during the engagement of the 13th of December, 1862.

I send with this the original dispatches received at my station; also the reports of Lieutenants Wright and Wonderly, with the original dispatches received by them at this station.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

F. E. BEARDSLEE,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer, Commanding Signal Telegraph Train.

Captain SAMUEL T. CUSHING,

Chief Signal Officer.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant Frederick Fuller, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA.

December 17, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with orders from headquarters signal camp, Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to make the following report of services rendered during the engagement at Fredericksburg:

Thursday morning, at 8 o'clock, December 11, 1862, I accompanied the party under command of Captain Pierce, attached to command of General Hooker, to the front. Here I remained during the day, in readiness for action and awaiting orders. Receiving none, I returned with the party to a point 2 miles back, and encamped for the night. Next morning, December 12, I rode again to the front, when I was ordered, with Lieutenant T. R. Clarke, to open a station at the Lacy house, to open communication with the station at General Sumner's headquarters, and to look for a station in Fredericksburg. This was immediately done, under a heavy fire from the rebels; but, according to a previous order, we were relieved in course of one and a half hours by Captain Fisher and his party, so we could be in readiness to advance with General Hooker. Returning to General Sumner's headquarters, there I remained till night, and, receiving no further order, returned again to camp.

