
to Deep Run, on the Marsh road, and on the White Ridge road in the direction of Warrenton. Finding that I could not reach them before night, I halted within 2 miles of the chapel, and moved off at 4 a.m. this morning. Striking through the woods between the two roads, I came out on the Marsh road half a mile from the chapel. A charge was immediately made by the Jeff. Davis Legion and First North Carolina, under Major [J. H.] Whitaker, who had command of the combined detachments which were engaged in the expedition, and my men dashed into the camp of the enemy before he could form. The other detachments followed in quick succession, and in a few moments we had captured every man who was at this camp. One squadron was here, and another was on picket on the two roads already mentioned. Having taken the reserve squadron, I sent the detachment from the Cobb Legion to take the pickets on the White Ridge road, which was successfully performed, as they returned in a short time with 17 of the enemy-all who were on that road. Sending off the prisoners [about 70 in number], except 4 who were too severely wounded to be moved, I immediately turned up the Marsh road to sweep off the line of pickets there. This was soon done, as there were but 20 men, under a lieutenant, and I reached Deep Run about 8 a.m., having taken 87 privates and non-commissioned officers, 2 captains, 3 lieutenants, 2 colors, about 100 horses, and the same number of carbines. Of the pickets on the two roads, but 5, I think, escaped, and they succeeded in doing this by leaving their horses and fleeing to the woods.

I am happy to say that there was no casualty on my side. A part of my plan was to have cut off the force at Richards' Ferry, but though I had got completely in their rear, I found my numbers so reduced by the necessary guards to the prisoners that I was forced reluctantly to abandon my design. The Sixth Regiment Regulars was on post there, and I had to leave them for another time.

I take pleasure in commending the conduct of officers and men, as it was all I could desire. Major Whitaker, First North Carolina, commanded the details, and he behaved in a most soldierly manner. My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant T. P. Hampton, will deliver the colors to you, and I beg to refer you to him for more particular details. Captain [T. G.] Barker, assistant adjutant-general, accompanied me and displayed the gallantry which always marks his conduct. The note which accompanies this will tell of the disposition of the prisoners.

Hoping that this affair will meet the approval of the major-general commanding, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Major [NORMAN R.] FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, November 29, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded. General Hampton and his gallant command deserve the highest praise for this handsome affair, and are warmly commended to the notice of the commanding general. The colors are sent herewith.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General, Commanding.

