
[CHAP. XXXIII.

General SUMNER

If you have a good division, send it, if it can be done. It is only necessary now. I have no troops for the purpose.

Major-General COUCH.

* * * * * * *

Major General E. V. SUMNER:

General Burns has moved two brigades across Deep Run, to support General Franklin. Will Cox [you] send the remaining brigade? He requires it. He requires it. He regrets leaving unguarded the position between Deep Run and Hazel Run.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Major-General.

Sent.

General SUMNER:

The enemy have thrown up new works 60 degrees west of north from Fredericksburg court-house, I think for artillery.

BROOKS.

General HOOKER:

Loss in one of Humphrey's brigades about 1,000.

BUTTERFIELD.

LACY HOUSE SIGNAL STATION.

Captain CUSHING:

General Whipple's division is now crossing the bridge. The enemy have opened fire upon them, and our batteries are replying.

WILSON.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS.

A negro, just in from the enemy's lines, states that those in front fell back last night, and that there are but a few men left; that Jackson went to Port Royal. This negro belongs to Dr. Garland, father of Captain Garland, ambulance corps. The doctor is here, and believes what he says is true. General Kimball gave the alarm.

D. N. COUCH,Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., December 16.

Colonel L. C. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal, Washington, D. C.:

Bill was lost, and I sent him back. I might say I have lost one, and am still piping the other.

For Steele.

SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Near Falmouth, December 16, 1862.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps, Dumfries:

By direction of the general commanding, you will remain in your present position between Dumfries and Wolf Run Shoals, and await further orders. Order provisions and forage to Fairfax Station. Keep your cavalry well out to the right, and send Colonel Nazer with his cavalry, who is at Dumfries, and belonging to this corps, forward to join me. If you have sent a part of your baggage by rail to Alexandria, to be shipped to Aquia Creek, stop the same at Alexandria.

Please acknowledge receipt.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

There are other miscellaneous dispatches, relating simply to hospital affairs, ambulance corps, &amp;c., which I considered of minor importance, and have not transcribed. Teamsters and soldiers in general have occasioned much trouble and inconvenience, in order to satisfy an idle curiosity, by cutting and carrying off the wire. This, however, has been remedied to a great extent, and communication is now carried on with brighter anticipations.

