
[CHAP. XXXIII.

during the night to cover the crossing. The river being sunk 30 feet below the plateau on its two side, the bridges were covered from artillery fire; the artillery officers believed that they could at once silence any musketry fire from the town, or from the bank opposite the lower bridges.

The heads of bridge trains arrived on the bank of the river about 3 a.m., as proposed. At the bridge thrown by Lieutenant Cross, the material was unloaded, and then moved by hand about 200 yards to the bank of the river. At the bridge just above, the material was unloaded on the bank of the river, 250 yards above the place of the bridge, and floated down. At 8.15 a.m. this bridge was practicable for infantry, and that of Lieutenant Cross half over, when the parties were fired on by two companies of the enemy, who were, however, soon driven away by the fire of the artillery and infantry covering the bridges.

Lieutenant Cross' bridge, including approaches, was ready for all arms at 11 a.m.; the other at 9 a.m. One man of Lieutenant Cross' command was wounded and 2 taken prisoners.

Meanwhile, at Fredericksburg,nearly all the material had been unloaded (a part on the edge of the river and a part on the plateau above, 100 yards from it), and one bridge at the upper and one at the lower end of town were halt way across, when, at 6 a.m., a sharp musketry fire was opened on them from houses and other cover in the city, driving fire was opened on them from houses and other cover in the city, driving the men from the bridges. Our artillery at once opened on the town, and during the morning several unsuccessful attempts were made to go on with the bridges. There had been a thick haze all the morning, often making distinct vision impossible at distances greater than 400 or 500 yards. This lifted before 3 p.m., rendering effective artillery possible. At that time a heavy fire was concentrated on the houses around the bridges heads, and under its cover men were thrown across in pontoons, the bridge heads, and under its cover men were thrown across in pontoons, the enemy's sharpshooters captured or driven away, and the bridges completed. It is believed that if it had not been for the haze this might have been effected in the morning.

General Woodbury's Volunteer Engineer Brigade lost 1 officer and 6 privates killed and 2 officers and 41 privates wounded.

Many of the pontoons were riddled with musket balls, without, however, seriously injuring them. The throwing of the bridges was delayed by the ice, which, at the lower ones, was in places nearly half an inch in thickness, and nearly closed the river.

On the night of the 11th, another bridge was thrown at the upper end of town, and on the 12th another, a mile below town, making six bridges in all, varying from 400 to 440 feet in length; five of them practicable for all arms.

No resistance was made to the debouch of our army from these bridges, General Lee deeming the ground too well covered by our artillery. (See his report.)

After the army had recrossed, these bridges were removed without loss of material or interruption from the enemy.

The data for this account are derived from personal observation, and from General Woodbury's official report. A sketch will be sent hereafter.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers, and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

General JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,

Chief of Engineers, U. S. Army.

