
Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant Charles E. Cross, U. S. Corps Engineers, commanding Engineer Battalion.

CAMP OF ENGINEER BATTALION,

December 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the affair of the 11th, when the Engineer Battalion threw a pontoon bridge across the Rappahannock about a mile below Fredericksburg; also a report of the dismantling of the same bridge on the 16th:

The battalion, with a train of 30 boats, arrived near the bank of the river about 3 a.m. On account of the difficulty of approach, I was unable to bring the train close to the water's edge, as was intended, but was obliged to unload the boats 200 yards from the side of the bridge, and to transport all the material to the water by hand. This occasioned and unexpected delay of two hours.

By 7 a.m. all the material was delivered at the edge of the water, and the bridge begun. The bridge was completed at 10.30 a.m., and the approaches at 11 a.m. At this time I reported to General Franklin that the bridge was all ready for the passage of artillery and infantry.

I think, in justice to the battalion, it should be mentioned that our progress was much retarded by ice on the river.

About 9 a.m. line of the enemy's skirmishers appeared on the opposite bank and began firing at us. One man was wounded-James Savage, Company C. At this time a party, Privates Allen McDonald and J. A. Curtis, were taken prisoners. The enemy was soon forced to retire by the fire of our supports.

On the 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th, the bridge was in constant use. It required no repair during that time.

On the night of the 15th, I received an order from you to dismantle the bridge as soon as General Franklin's command had crossed. His rear guard passed over at 4.30 a.m. on the 16th. Immediately after I began dismantling the bridge. This was accomplished by 5.30 a.m.

By 3 p.m. all the bridge material was loaded, and by dark the whole train was parked in the vicinity of headquarters, and turned over to General D. P. Woodbury in good order and ready for service. This labor was performed. by the battalion with cheerfulness and alacrity.

I was assisted in my duty by Lieutenant George L. Gillespie, Corps of Engineers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES E. CROSS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battalion of Engineers.

Lieutenant C. B. COMSTOCK,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 17. Report of Brigadier General Daniel P. Woodbury, U. S. Army, commanding Engineer Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Near Fredericksburg, Va., December 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to operations of the Engineer Brigade in throwing bridges over the Rappahannock on the 11th instant.

In obedience to the orders of the commanding general, four bridge

