
NOVEMBER 28-30, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Chantilly to Snicker's Ferry and Berryville, Va., and skirmishes.

LIST OF REPORTS.*

No. 1.-Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel Louis P. Di Cesnola, Fourth New York Cavalry.

No. 3.-Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Burks, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, of skirmish at Berryville, November 29.

No. 4.-Major E. V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion, of skirmish at Berryville, November 29.

No. 1. Reports of Major General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., November 29, 1862.

Night before last a reconnoitering party from Chantilly, composed of one brigade of infantry and our main force of cavalry [the whole under General Stahel, the infantry under Colonel Von Gilsa], occupied Aldie. Yesterday morning the cavalry, under Brigadier-General Stahel and Colonel Wyndham, advanced to Middleburg, White Plains, Salem, Rectortown, and Ashby's Gap. They found 400 of White's cavalry at Ashby's Gap, and chased them through the gap. General Stahel reports no forces of the enemy between Blue Ridge and Bull Run Mountains. He further says that he learned that one part of Jackson's troops marched, by way of the gap, to Culpeper, but that his main force, with those of the two Hills, marched up the valley, and were at New Market last Wednesday. Our troops sent out will return to-night to Chantilly.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

CHANTILLY, VA., November 30, 1862-6 p.m.

The infantry under Von Gilsa returned from Aldie last night. The cavalry under Brigadier-General Stahel advanced from Middleburg to Snickersville and Berryville, and achieved a complete victory over a strong force of the enemy's cavalry, routing them, breaking up their camps, taking their colors and many prisoners, and commissary and ordnance stores. General Stahel pursued the enemy to within 4 miles of Winchester, and would have followed him farther if his horses had not been too much worn out. A full report will follow as soon as General Stahel has returned.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

CHANTILLY, VA., November 30, 1862-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General Stahel has just returned. He attacked the enemy at Snicker's Ferry, and followed them with 300 cavalry into their camps,

---------------

*See also Stuart's and Jones' reports, pp.11,12.

---------------

2 R R-VOL XXI

