
[CHAP. XXXIII.

damage to the enemy. My men were working without arms; had no means of returning the enemy's fire, and were driven from the work.

We made two more unsuccessful attempts to complete this bridge, and were each time driven back with considerable loss in killed and wounded. At the first attempt, Captain Brainerd was severely wounded and removed to the hospital. During one of the intermissions between these several attempts to complete the bridge a detachment of 80 men, volunteers, as I understood, from infantry regiments, came down to assist us in completing the bridge, but upon their arrival near the shore they could not be induced to enter the boats or go out on the bridge.

At about 3 p.m., it having been determined to throw a force of infantry across the river to dislodge the enemy, I detailed men to set them across the river in pontoon boats, and Lieutenant Robbins, of Company A, by your orders, took command of the first boat. As soon as a sufficient number of troops had landed on the opposite shore, they formed under cover of the bank, attacked the enemy, and, in a few minutes, drove them from their positions. When the attack commenced, we resumed the construction of the bridge, and, with the assistance of a detachment from the Fifteenth Regiment New York State Volunteer Engineers, in about forty minutes the bridge was completed to the opposite shore, and troop commenced crossing.

While all this was being done at the upper bridge, similar operations were going on at the lower. In the early part of the morning, I had divided my time between the upper and lower bridges; but, after the attack commenced at the upper crossing, I could not leave, until he was wounded and conveyed to the hospital, when Lieutenant McGrath assumed command.

Soon after the enemy commenced the attack upon us at the upper crossing, they also opened fire upon our men at the lower bridge, with results similar to those at the upper bridge. Here we also lost heavily in killed and wounded.

After four unsuccessful attempts to complete this bridge, a detachment of the Fifteenth New York State Volunteer Engineers, and of a regiment of infantry, as I am informed, were sent across the river in pontoon boats, where they formed, drove the enemy from his position, and took quite a number of prisoners. A detachment from the Fifteenth New York State Volunteer Engineers also assisted Lieutenant McGrath to complete this bridge.

Our loss in as follows: Commissioned officers killed, 1; wounded, 2; total, 3. Non-commissioned officers and privates killed, 6; wounded, 27; total, 33. Total, killed and wounded, 36. Official report of the killed and wounded shall be forwarded as soon as received.

The bearing of all the officers whose conduct came under my notice, was deserving of commendation. To Captains Brainerd, Ford, and McDonald I am much indebted for the efficient manner in which they prepared their trains, conducted them to their positions, and performed their work; and also for their cool and resolute bearing under the fire of the enemy. I desire particularly to commend Lieutenant Robbins for his zeal and daring, for his coolness in conducting the first detachment of troops to the opposite shore, and for his judgment in carrying out your orders for posting them until they formed for the attack. My acting quartermaster, Lieutenant Falley, notwithstanding the fact that he is at present necessarily relieved from duty in his company, and notwithstanding the large amount of labor he is required to perform in his

