
on the other side of the river and near Berryville. Our men charged splendidly whenever they met the enemy. White's cavalry was driven in all directions, nearly all their officers captured, and their colors taken. White himself fled, and hid himself at a house in Berryville. The Third, Seventh, and Twelfth Virginia Cavalry were also attacked and routed. Forty of their men, with horses, were taken prisoners, 50 killed and wounded, and 2 colors taken. One wagon load of pistols and carbines was picked up on the road, thrown away by the fleeing enemy. Eighty cattle and 80 horses were also brought in. Our loss in killed and wounded is about 15. General Stahel reports that his officers and men behaved excellently, and used only their swords-no fire-arms. He also reports that there is a brigade, under General Jones, at Winchester, but that Jackson's main force was at new Market last Wednesday, as reported previously.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Louis P. Di Cesnola, Fourth New York Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Chantilly, December 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor of transmitting the following report of the reconnaissance in which my brigade took part:

The first day my brigade was in advance, with 150 men as advance guard, under command of Major Knox, Ninth New York Cavalry, who proceeded to Upperville, rather as a scouting than a reconnoitering party, and performed his duty well. The second day my brigade was in the order of march in the rear, and such it remained until we reached Snicker's Ferry. During that march, small camps found in the woods, and fires whose ashes were still warm, cautioned me that the enemy was, perhaps, not far distant, so I redoubled my vigilance, sending out on my rear scouts to the right and left, and arrested several civilians, whom I questioned. By threatening to send them under escort to Fairfax Court-House, I obtained some useful information as to the whereabouts of the enemy, their strength, and where last seen. Some had seen them that very morning. Being in the rear, I did not consider it necessary to communicate these facts, as Colonel Wyndham, in the advance, had, doubtless, possessed himself of the same information. In crossing the Shenandoah River, I took the main road, and continued to advance carefully, leaving at short distances small pickets, whose duty it was to keep communications open with the strong picket I had left at Snicker's Ferry, to be informed immediately if the enemy were to make his appearance at any point between the ferry and my command. Thinking that my chance for this time was not that of fighting, but only to act as a support, I detailed several small detachments, mostly taken from the First [West] Virginia and the balance of the Sixth Ohio, to act as flankers, and other small ones to scour the road and search all the houses within a mile on both flanks. Then escorts arrived, bringing me orders from you to take charge of prisoners and send them to the rear. I then detailed Lieutenant Wight, of the Fourth New York Cavalry, my acting assistant

