
[CHAP. XXXIII.

of that regiment be detailed, each company be organized as a battery with four guns, the whole to be placed under the command of a field officer of the regiment, and attached to the Reserve Artillery.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

[Indorsement.]

Approved.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

January 13, 1863.

I submitted this paper on the 27th of December, in General Halleck's office, and in his presence, to his chief of staff, General Cullum. The paper was returned to me, with the remark that "not a man nor a gun should be spared from the works about Washington." No written answer, nor any other beyond an intimation that ordnance stores were to be drawn in the usual way from the Arsenal, was given me.

I respectfully return this paper to general headquarters, Army of the Potomac.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 23. Report of Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Right Center Division.
HDQRS. RIGHT CENTER DIVISION OF ARTILLERY,Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., December 21, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the batteries under my command during the late operations before Fredericksburg, Va.:

In accordance with instructions received from you, the batteries were placed in position on the banks of the Rappahannock, opposite Fredericksburg, during the night of the 10th instant, in the following order: Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Kinzie commanding, on the bluff, about 300 yards to the right of the Lacy house; Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, Captain Graham, on the bluff, immediately to the right of the Lacy house; Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Miller commanding, on the bluff, to the left of the Lacy house; Battery K, Third U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Turnbull commanding, on the bluff, near the ruined house and immediately to the right of the railroad; Battery D, First Battalion New York Artillery, Captain Kusserow, on the bluff, to the left of the railroad; Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Captain Waterman, on the bluff, to the left of

