
[CHAP. XXXIII.

ordered the rifled batteries to reply slowly, and to continue firing until the enemy ceased, which he did at 10.30 o'clock, but continued to fire at intervals during that day whenever our troops were exposed to view. His fire was replied to by these rifled batteries.

About 1 p.m. Lieutenants Seeley and Turnbull were ordered to report with their batteries to their division commanders. Battery H, First Ohio Artillery, being exposed to danger from the guns on the crest of the hill in its rear, was removed at 5 p.m., and placed on the hill to the right of and adjoining the siege guns of Tyler's division; and, being within the lines of that division, I ordered Lieutenant Norton, on the morning of the 13th, to report to Colonel Tyler.

On the morning of the 13th, Major Tompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, reported to me for duty.

At 10 a.m. I ordered Captains Waterman and Kusserow to open fire upon the enemy's batteries, which were firing upon our troops in the town. They continued a slow fire until our columns of attack had debouched beyond the town, when, by your direction, they ceased firing.

At 2 p.m. Major Doull, of your staff, took Waterman's and Kusserow's batteries across the river, in accordance with your orders. Captain Kusserow reported back to me on the morning of the 14th, and Captain Waterman on the morning of the 15th.

The batteries of my command were in position to cover the withdrawal of our troops from the city on the morning of the 16th instant; but, as the enemy did not open fire, were not engaged.

The casualties sustained are: Private W. H. H. Knight, Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, wounded; Private Benway, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, missing. The casualties sustained by Kusserow's and Waterman's batteries occurred during the time they were detached from my command.

For report of loss of materiel and ammunition expended, I refer you to the return, herewith inclosed,* I also respectfully refer you to the reports of the battery commanders, which accompany this, for more particular details.

I would respectfully call your attention to the fact that no reliance can be placed upon the Bormann fuse. Many of them burst immediately after leaving the gun. I would suggest that an immediate inspection of all ammunition using this fuse be ordered, that it may be ascertained whether the fault is in the construction of the fuse or in the manner in which it is placed in the projectile.

I would also call your attention to the remarks of Lieutenant Kinzie in regard to his gun carriages. Other instances of defective work by these contractors have come to my knowledge in previous engagements. Also to that part of the report of Captain Waterman in which he speaks of the ordnance ammunition.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. TOMPKINS,

Colonel First Regiment Rhode Island, Lt. Arty., Commanding Right Center Division of Artillery, opposite Fredericksburg, Va.

Brigadier General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

