
Numbers 24. Report of Captain Charles Kusserow, Battery D, First Battalion New York Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH,

December 20, 1862.

COLONEL: The following is the report about the action of my battery (D, First New York Artillery Battalion Volunteers) in the recent engagements of the Army of the Potomac, which I have the honor to submit to you:

On the evening of the 10th instant, I was posted opposite the lower part of Fredericksburg, Va., for the purpose of protecting the bridge building across the Rappahannock River.

During the day of the 11th, I shelled the lower part of the town, in which the enemy's infantry was placed, prohibiting our engineers from finishing the bridge. This day no casualties occurred int eh battery. I tired 298 shells.

On the 12th, during the first crossing of our troops, I remained with the battery in the same position, and fired 36 shells at the enemy's batteries placed on the heights beyond Fredericksburg.

On the 13th, at 1.30 p.m., I received orders to cross the river and to take such a position as Major Doull would indicate to me. I was placed on the other side, and near the center of the town, on a little ridge, and on the right of Captain Waterman's battery. The action began immediately, and lasted until after dark. The fire was directed against two little breastworks, wherefrom the enemy fired at our infantry, at the distance of 1,000 to 1,100 yards. The firing of the battery was slow, and of good effect. The enemy's artillery in said two works was silenced twice for over an hour's time. The battery fired 613 rounds. The battery was relieved by Lieutenant King's battery at 11.30 o'clock, and returned to its former position.

Every officer and man behaved, without any exception, very well. Particularly I am obliged to mention the services rendered by Private Osias Beck, right on the battle-field, not only dressed the wounded of our own battery, but Thirty-first Infantry men beside.

Casualties.-Seven men wounded;* 1 horse killed.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CH. KUSSEROW,

Captain, Commanding Battery D.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

First Rhode Island Artillery.

Numbers 25. Report of Lieutenant George W. Norton, Battery H, First Ohio Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

December 20, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order of this morning, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Battery H,

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

13 R R-VOL XXI

