
[CHAP. XXXIII.

Numbers 27. Report of Captain William M. Graham, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery.

DECEMBER 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my battery (K, First U. S. Artillery) was engaged in the bombardment of the city of Fredericksburg, Va., on the 13th instant. Inclosed is a return of the loss of materiel* sustained by the battery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. GRAHAM,

Captain First Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

First Rhode Island Artillery.

Numbers 28. Report of Lieutenant Francis W. Seeley, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 20, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with your request of this date, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Battery K, Fourth Artillery, while attached to your command:

The battery, under your direction, went into position about 12 o'clock on the night of December 10, opposite the city of Fredericksburg, to cover the building of a pontoon bridge, known as the middle bridge.

At 5 o'clock a.m. December 11, the enemy's sharpshooters, from the houses on the south bank of the river, opened a vigorous fire on our engineers engaged in constructing the bridge, and compelled them to abandon their work.

In compliance with your instructions, I immediately opened fire on the building, as did several others, and, after firing some 25 rounds of solid shot, succeeded in quelling temporarily the fire of the sharpshooters, but found it quite impossible to drive them from the buildings, as the cellars underneath afforded a secure refuge from our shots.

About 12 m. I received orders from you to keep up a constant fire on the city, with which I complied, firing one round every five minutes, until 5 p.m., when, in compliance with orders from Major Doull, of General Hunt's staff, I opened a rapid fire, to protect the crossing of a small party of our own infantry, sent over to clear the cellars of the enemy's riflemen, which I continued about ten minutes, when, our infantry having reached the opposite bank, I ceased firing, having expended during the day 130 rounds of shrapnel and solid shot.

I remained in position, without, however, until 4 p.m on the 12th, when, in compliance with orders received from you, I reported to my division commander, General Sickles.

On the 11th, my battery was exposed almost constantly to the fire of the enemy's riflemen, who were only some 350 or 400 yards in front; but as I took the precaution, shortly after going into position, of sending all my horses to the rear, as well as the men of actually required to work the guns, their fire did not take effect, and I have no casualties

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

