
to report other than 1 private (Benway) missing, who probably crossed the bridge, without authority, before our troops had taken entire possession of the town, and was taken by some straggling party of the enemy.

The men of the battery all conducted themselves in their usual soldier-like manner.

My lieutenants, Bancroft and Arnold, by their close attention to duty assisted greatly, to render the fire of the battery effective.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEELEY,

First Lieutenant Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

Commanding Artillery.

Numbers 29. Report of Lieutenant David H. Kinzie, Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

December 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my battery from the 10th to the 16th of December, 1862:

Battery K, Fifth Artillery (four-gun battery), belonging to the Artillery Reserve, and under my command, took up its position at 8 p.m. on the 10th instant, about 300 yards on the right of the Lacy house, and on the bank of the Rappahannock, pursuant to orders received from you.

About 5 a.m. on the 11th instant, the enemy's sharpshooters opened fire on the regiment constructing the bridge. I immediately fired at them, and, in accordance with instructions received the night previous, firing a few shots, then ceasing, to give the infantry an opportunity to finish the bridge. Seeing that my fire had not the desired effect, I immediately opened again, firing at the houses which the enemy occupied. While firing, I broke two stocks of the gun carriages. The ammunition used was mostly solid shot, and case used as solid.

About 8 a.m. I was relieve by Lieutenant Gilliss' battery, and joined my remaining section to Lieutenant Miller's.

While marching to my new position, on the left of the Lacy house, I had 1 man wounded by a piece of shell.

After firing about half an hour in my second position, I had another stock broken.

I am happy to say that the breaking of the stocks was not on account of the great elevation used, for during all the firing 2 1/2 degrees was the highest.

I remained with Lieutenant Miller's battery till the morning of the 14th, when I was ordered by General Hunt to give my remaining piece to Lieutenant Miller, and proceed to the camp of the Artillery Reserve, to take a battery of four 3-inch guns that was there. On the afternoon of the 14th, I reported to you with this battery, and went into park near the railroad depot. I remained there till the morning of the 16th, when I was ordered by General Hooker to take position immediately above the upper pontoon bridge. I remained in position about half an hour, then returned to my old place near the railroad.

