
[CHAP. XXXIII.

Upon examining the broken stocks, I found that they were made out of very bad material, part of the wood being completely rotten. The carriages were manufactured by Wood &amp; Bros., of New York. I also noticed that the stocks were made out of one piece of wood, and not in two parts, according to the Ordnance Manual.

The ammunition expended, from the 11th to the 16th, was about 1,000 rounds.

My commissioned and non-commissioned officers did their duty well.

The casualties in the battery on the 11th instant were as follows:

Private William H. H. Knight, wounded by a fragment of shell.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

DAVID H. KINZIE,

First Lieutenant Fifth Artillery.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS,

First Rhode Island Artillery.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel Robert O. Tyler, First Connecticut Heavy Artillery, commanding Left Center Division.
HDQRS. LEFT CENTER DIVISION OF ARTILLERY,Falmouth, Va., January 15, 1863.

GENERAL: I was assigned by you to the command of the left center batteries in front of Fredericksburg, as follows: Seven 4 1/2-inch siege rifles, Major Trumbull, First Connecticut Artillery; four 20-pounder Parrotts (rifles), Captain Diederichs, First Battalion New York Artillery; four 20-pounder Parrotts (rifles), Captain Voegelee, First Battalion New York Artillery; four 10-pounder Parrotts (rifles), Captain McCarthy, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery; four 10-pounder Parrotts (rifles), Lieutenant Harn, Third New York Independent Battery. Captain Voegelee's battery was already established. The remainder left the rendezvous at dark, and were in position by 10 o'clock, except the siege guns (4 1/2-inch), which required constant labor until nearly day-light to unload ammunition and prepare platforms, magazines, &c.

On the 12th, I directed the fire of my guns upon the town, the enemy's troops which resisted the throwing of the bridges, and their position batteries. The result of the firing cannot be accurately stated, on account of the long range and density of the fog and smoke covering the field, though accounts since the battle show that much damage was done to the opposing troops and batteries. Although every precaution was taken, the ammunition generally behaved badly; the time fuses did not fit; the projectiles often upset, and the percussion shells bursting in the air.

Upon the 13th and 14th, the clearness of the air enabled us to make more satisfactory practice, and at no time did the enemy dare to show themselves in force on the plain in front of my position. My entire expenditure was 975 rounds, an amount which I deem moderate, considering the number of guns engaged an days occupied. I avoided as far as possible firing over troops, and only did so under direct orders from superior authority.

I have the honor to acknowledge the valuable services of Major Doull,

