
No. 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Burks, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, of skirmish at Berryville, November 29.

DECEMBER 6, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, on the 29th ultimo, the enemy suddenly made their appearance at Berryville, coming by way of Snicker's Ferry, having surprised Major White's pickets at that point. My camp was situated less than 2 miles from Berryville, and I was not apprised of the approach of the enemy until they had reached the town. I immediately turned out what men I had in camp [amounting to about 100 men], under the charge of Major Massie. At the same time I hurried off my train toward Summit Point. Lieutenant Randolph [Company H], commanding Company F, turned out his company first, and charged the enemy, followed by Captain [E.] Sipe and Lieutenants [S.] Hammon and [W. H.] Myers, commanding Companies H, K, and C. They succeeded in dividing the enemy's column, but in turn were compelled to give back before superior numbers. The enemy came within sight of my encampment, then retired, followed by Lieutenant Randolph to Snicker's Ferry. We saved everything belonging to the regiment. The regiment captured a lieutenant belonging to the Ninth New York Cavalry, one or two other prisoners and their equipments, and four horses. We had 7 men captured, and 3 wounded, one of whom has since died. Three of the captured were not in the fight, but were taken near Berryville. The enemy officially admit a loss in killed and wounded of over 15, and say they met three regiments at Berryville. More than that number were unhorsed. The prisoners we captured gave the information that their force consisted of the Second Pennsylvania, First [West] Virginia, First New York, Eighth Illinois, and Ninth New York Cavalry, under the command of Brigadier-General Stahel.

Very respectfully,

R. H. BURKS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Virginia Cavalry.

General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Jones' Brigade.

No. 4. Report of Major E. V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion of skirmish at Berryville, November 29.

DECEMBER 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that, in the skirmish on Saturday, the 29th ultimo, my loss was as follows: Taken prisoner, Captain [R. B.] Grubb, Company C; Lieutenant [W. F.] Barrett, Company A; privates that have not yet reported, 12; wounded, 1; 1 four-horse wagon and horses, and 1 two-horse wagon. We took 1 prisoner. We had about 40 men, more than half of whom were either sick or had no arms.

From the report of Dr.[E.] Wooten, surgeon of my battalion [whom they captured and carried as far as Leesburg], the enemy had on this side of the river 800 men.

Very respectfully,

E. V. WHITE,

Major, Commanding,

[Per] J. R. CROWN,

Adjutant.

Brigadier-General [W. E.] JONES.

