
by Colonel Hays to take position opposite Fredericksburg. I arrived here on the 20th of last month; brought my guns on the assigned hills; protected these (the guns) by throwing up earthworks. Hostilities commenced on the 12th instant, in the early part of the day, have been occasioned to fire on the enemy's batteries, which were annoying the operations of our troops. About noon I received the order to shell the city of Fredericksburg, the most of the shots being effective. During my observations toward the enemy's batteries and forces, I fired whenever I considered it expedient to do so, and I am happy to state that the efficacy of the firing has been most splendid.

I deem it necessary to add here the faulty state of the ammunition in general, particularly the fuses. If it had not been these defects, still greater success would have been obtained.

During the whole engagement I fired 156 shots. I sustained no loss whatsoever, either in men or material.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

A. VOEGELLE,

Captain, Commanding Battery B, First New York Arty. Battalion.

Colonel R. O. TYLER,

Commanding Artillery.

No. 34. Report of Lieutenant William A. Harn, Third New York Battery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 19, 1862.

SIR: Agreeably to instructions, I have the honor to report as follows:

The battery took position upon the heights overlooking Fredericksburg on the evening of Thursday, 11th instant. Opened fire upon enemy's infantry, opposite us, at about 11 a.m. of Friday, the 12th, firing 11 rounds at bodies of troops upon the bank and 43 rounds at their line formed along the road, in front of our position. Fired 6 rounds at enemy's batteries in rear of the town during the engagement of Saturday, but ceased for fear of injuring our own troops. Opened fire again, upon the morning of the 16th, upon small parties of the enemy, thereby covering the operations of the engineers whole removing the pontoons. Rounds fired, 21. Total ammunition expended in all, 81 rounds.

It is to be regretted that such is the quality of the paper fuses that they frequently fail to ignite, or burst so irregularly that no dependence can be placed upon them. This cannot in any way be attributed to any carelessness upon the part of those preparing the ammunition for firing, for, to all appearances, the ammunition is in perfect order.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HARN,

1st Lieutenant 1st N. Y. Arty., Commanding 3rd N. Y. Independent Battery.

Major TRUMBULL,

First Connecticut Artillery.

