
right of our line. The battery arrived at this place at 11 p.m. on the 10th; came in park and remained till daybreak. Battery was ready for action, when I received orders to be ready for any emergency, and, if the position I then occupied was found not suitable to the enemy's fire, I was to move in front of Mr. O'Brien's house, where I had better access to the enemy's works and also to the town, the position being on the crest of a hill and on the bank of river. About 9 o'clock the enemy opened on our troops in front, in the rear of the town, and my special order from you was to enfilade the enemy's fire on our troops, which, in combination with Captain Owen, was done by moving our batteries to the front. Here I spent about 20 rounds of ammunition, when the enemy ceased their fire. At that time I received orders to place the battery in the peach orchard on the left of the house, as the enemy had opened fire on the battery to the left of me. Here about 25 shots were exchanged. From this position I fell back to the former, the fire of the enemy having changed more to the right. This move enabled me to silence the enemy's fire on our troops. Toward night received orders to place one section in the former position, to the left of the house close to the bank of the river, where several shots were exchanged. This section remained here during the night, the other section retaining its original position. Ordered at the same time to erect four embrasures, which was done during the night. On the 11th, expended about 74 rounds of ammunition.

On the 12th, received orders to withdraw the section from the bank into the embrasures, and to watch the enemy, and to fire only when they opened on our troops or my own battery. About 7 a.m. the enemy opened from their works, and such as I could reach with my battery. After several return shots, the enemy ceased. About 9 o'clock the dense fog obscured everything. As soon as it had cleared off, found the enemy had again opened on our troops, but I could not well reach them from the embrasures, especially my right section. On this account moved it to the left, on the bank of the river, and opened with the battery, which the enemy soon observed, and silenced their fire. Nothing of importance occurred till about 4 o'clock, when, the battery being in the embrasures, the enemy opened a brisk cross-fire from the woods and hills, which was briskly returned by myself, Owen's, King's, and Benjamin's batteries, and silenced their twelve or fifteen pieces. Expended 67 rounds of ammunition.

I remained in the embrasure the whole night of the 12th. The 13th, opened fire about 7 a.m.; fog came on between 8 and 9, when orders came to be cautions with our fire, as the cavalry pickets were advancing; fired at intervals during the whole of the day, changing position according to the changes of the enemy. Expended 128 rounds of ammunition. About 3 o'clock ordered to report immediately, with the battery, to General Sumner, at the Lacy house, which was obeyed. About 5 p.m. received instructions to have the battery in readiness for any emergency during the night.

On the 14th, lay in readiness for orders the whole day and night, till, between 3 and 4 p.m. of the 15th, received orders from yourself, personally, to occupy the redoubt I am still holding, formerly Benjamin's, Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

JACOB ROEMER,

Captain, Commanding Battery L, Second New York Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Reserve Artillery.

