
No. 41. Report of Captain George W. Durell, Battery D, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

[DECEMBER --, 1862.]

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Second Independent Pennsylvania Battery during the recent action:

The battery left into camp at 8 p.m. on the 10th day of December, 1862, and came into position on the river bank to the left of Falmouth. Commenced firing at 8.30 a.m. on the 11th day of December, 1862. After firing an hour, ceased firing, having received orders to that effect. A few shots fired at 4.30 p.m. of same day.

At 9 a.m. of the 12th, commenced firing, which continued about twenty minutes. At 10 o'clock of same day, were ordered to place the battery in the earthworks in rear of Falmouth, adjoining those occupied by Captain Pettit. At a few minutes before 3 p.m. commenced firing on the rebel works, firing continuing until after sunset.

At 11.30 a.m. of the 13th of December, opened fire on the rebel batteries and earthworks. Soon ceased firing, by orders. At 1.45 p.m. reopened fire on the rebel batteries.

On the 14th day of December, 1862, changed position from the earthworks to the river banks above Falmouth, near to the position occupied by Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery. Opened fire at 4.30 p.m. of same day.

On the 15th day of December, fired a few rounds at meridian; also a few rounds at sunset of same day.

On the 16th day of December, the battery moved into park in the woods, in rear of Lieutenant Benjamin.

The battery expended the following ammunition: 125 time shells, 60 percussion shells, 7 case shot, and 1 condemned shot. The battery was furnished with 190 time shells, 110 percussion shells, and 40 case shot by Lieutenant Fuller. Casualties, none.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

GEO. W. DURELL,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Reserve Artillery.

No. 42. Report of Captain Charles D. Owen, Battery G, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of my battery during the battle of Fredericksburg:

During the evening of the 10th instant, I placed my battery near the extreme right of our line, just to the left of King's battery, and received instructions from Colonel Hays, commanding the batteries at that point, to fire at the enemy's artillery in case they opened, and, should their infantry appear, to fire at them. I got into position about 10 p.m., and

