
fired by Lieutenant Meinell's section. The enemy hastily fled from their camp, near the bridge, leaving everything behind them.

The next morning the enemy opened fire upon us with two or three pieces of artillery, and was replied to by the battery. The firing lasted over two hours. In the evening the cavalry and the battery, except one section left to guard the bridge, were relieved by General Taylor's brigade of infantry.

On the 18th, the battery moved with the cavalry toward Brooke's Station, arriving there on the 22d.

On December 6, the battery accompanied the cavalry on an expedition toward Dumfries and Wolf Run Shoals, returning to Brooke's Station on the 9th.

Moving from there on the 10th, the battery crossed the river on the 12th, just after Smith's corps, and took up a position about 300 yards from the crossing. By direction of General Bayard, Meinell's section was sent, with one or two regiments of cavalry, to ascertain the position and force of the enemy in our immediate front. Finding him in force, and our advance exposed to his infantry fire, the cavalry and the section of my battery were ordered to withdraw. When the fog lifted in the afternoon, the battery came under the fire of the enemy's artillery, and remained so exposed during the engagement of the next day (13th). I am happy, however, to be able to report no casualties in officers, men, or horses.

The battery recrossed the river on the night of the 15th instant, and on the 17th rejoined the cavalry division, from which it had been temporarily detached by General Franklin.

I deem it proper to add that I have expended, since crossing the Potomac on November 3 last, 50, and not 5,000, rounds of ammunition, as has been reported, I understand, to the chief of artillery; and also that my total expenditure of ammunition on the Peninsula, in Maryland, and since leaving it, does not exceed 800 rounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. GIBSON,

Captain Third Artillery, Commanding Battery C.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

No. 45. Report of Lieutenant Rufus King, jr., Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the battery left camp on Wednesday, the 10th instant, at 7 a.m., to take a position on the right of our line. The battery arrived in position at 12 p.m., and was located on the left of Lieutenant Benjamin's battery and on the right of Captain Owen's, about midway between each.

On Thursday, the 11th instant, the battery was in position all day without firing a shot until after sunset, when the enemy opened with a battery from their right upon us, and we quickly replied, expending about 30 rounds of ammunition. The enemy's fire was discontinued.

On Friday, the 12 instant, we opened upon the enemy's battery

