
that had fired upon us the previous day; commenced firing at 8 a.m., expending 40 rounds of ammunition; elicited no reply. We also directed our fire during the day upon the enemy's works farther to our left and opposite Fredericksburg, expending 20 rounds of ammunition.

On Saturday, the 13th instant, the battery was ordered from its position on our right to proceed to the Lacy house, and go into park and await further orders. Two caissons were immediately sent over to Fredericksburg to report to Lieutenant Kusserow, and returned about 8 p.m. One caisson only was emptied. About 9 p.m. received order to cross over into Fredericksburg and report to Captain Morgan, chief of artillery, Couch's corps, the battery having previously been under the command of Colonel Hays, commanding Artillery Reserve. Reported to Captain Morgan at 10 p.m., and was ordered into position to relieve Captain Kusserow. Took position in an open field upon the left of Mr. Harrison's dwelling, which is located upon the right and edge of the town. Arrived in position about 10.30 p.m. Sent one caisson over the river for ammunition, which had been emptied by Lieutenant Kusserow.

On Sunday, the 14th instant, the enemy opened upon us from their works opposite us, and on our right and left, firing fuse shell, solid shot, and spherical case, using rifle and smooth-bore guns. We replied, expending about 50 rounds of ammunition. The enemy's fire was discontinued.

On Monday, the 15th instant, there was no firing from the battery. We were relieved from our position by Captain Weed at dark, and the battery returned to the rear of Fredericksburg and went into park. Received orders at 7 p.m. to cross the river. Crossed at 8 p.m., breaking one pole, upsetting a caisson, and breaking the stock. Arrived in camp, without further injury, at 11 p.m.

It is unnecessary for me to add that officers and men behaved well.*

* * * * * * *

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS KING, Jr.,

First Lieutenant Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery A.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Reserve Artillery.

No. 46. Report of Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett, Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

BATTERY D, FIFTH ARTILLERY, December 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following facts with regard to the action of this battery in the battle before Fredericksburg:

It was placed in position on the north bank of the Rappahannock River, near Falmouth, by Lieutenant-Colonel Hays, at 11 p.m. on the night of the 10th instant, and opened fire on the city the following morning at about 9 a.m., firing very slowly. As soon as the enemy on the

---------------

*Statement, omitted,shows ammunition expended, 140 rounds; casualties, 1 man and 3 horses wounded.

---------------

