
heights opposite opened, which occurred about 3 o'clock on the afternoon of same day, the battery replied, expending about 330 rounds during the engagement. Next day the battery fired about 60 rounds, making 390 in all. No casualty happened during the action, as the fire of the enemy was almost entirely directed against that portion of our forces which occupied Fredericksburg. The battery remained in position till the evening of the 20th instant, when, on receiving an order to that effect, it occupied its former position, near Potomac Creek.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HAZLETT,

First Lieutenant Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Reserve Artillery.

No. 47. Report of Captain Gustavus A. De Russy, Forth U. S. Artillery, commanding Batteries on the Left.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Wednesday evening, December 10, in obedience to orders from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, I assumed command of nine batteries, intended to cover the crossing of Major-General Franklin's grand division at the lower bridge, and to operate for the protection of the left of the Army of the Potomac, when it should cross the Rappahannock. These batteries were as follows: Captain Hall, Second Maine, six 3-inch; Captain Wolcott, Battery A, First Maryland Artillery, six 3-inch; Lieutenant Wever, Battery C, First Battalion New York Artillery, four 20-pounders; Captain Taft, Fifth New York Artillery, four 20-pounders; Captain Reynolds, Battery L, First New York Artillery, four 3-inch; Captain Amsden, Battery G, First Pennsylvania Artillery, four 3-inch; Lieutenant Ricketts, Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery, four 3-inch; Captain Thompson, Fourth Independent Pennsylvania Battery, four 3-inch; Captain Cowan, First Independent New York Battery, six 3-inch. Total, forty-two guns.

By 12 o'clock that night these batteries were in position, occupying the bluffs and other commanding ground designated by Brigadier General H. J. Hunt, chief of artillery of the Army.

Thursday (11th),on requisition from General Franklin and Captain Comstock, U. S. Engineer Corps, three batteries (Cowan's, Amsden's, and Ricketts'), were disposed along the river bank to protect the bridge working parties, and, subsequently, the crossing of the columns.

These batteries kept up a lively fire during the day, clearing the opposite shore of the enemy's sharpshooters,and effectually opening the road for the advance of the troops. By order of General Franklin, Hall, Wolcott, and Reynolds were ordered to join their division when they had crossed.

Friday (12th), Cowan's, Amsden's, and Ricketts' returned to their positions. The former, having broken three iron axles, was ordered to

