
No. 49. Report of Captain Elijah D. Taft, Fifth New York Battery.

CAMP OPPOSITE FRANKLIN'S BRIDGE, December 19, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, No.-, the undersigned would respectfully report that the battery under his command left the camp of the Artillery Reserve at 6 p.m. on the 10th instant, and marched to and took position on the high ground opposite Franklin's bridge, on the morning of the 11th instant, at 2 o'clock; remained in the same position until 3 p.m. of the 12th instant, when I moved the battery three-quarters of a mile to the left, and came into position.

At 8 a.m., on the 13th instant, changed position to 1 1/2 miles to the left, and came into position on the road, and near the river; and soon after engaged a battery on the enemy's right, which soon after ceased firing, and I continued to annoy the enemy's right at intervals during the day, or when an opportunity offered.

On the morning of the 14th instant, took position on the Gray farm, opposite the Massaponax Creek, and annoyed and checked the advance of the enemy from that point during the 14th and 15th instant; and on the night of the 15th instant, at 10 o'clock, marched from Gray's farm, and took my original position opposite Franklin's bridge.

From the 12th to the 15th instant, inclusive, I fired from my battery 122 shrapnel, 53 fuse shells, and 46 concussion shells, making a total of 221 rounds of ammunition.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

E. D. TAFT,

Captain Fifth New York Independent Battery.

Captain G. A. DE RUSSY,

Commanding Batteries.

[P. S]-Your attention is also called to the following casualties: One wheel, one pintle-hook, and two spare poles broken on the march.

No. 50. Reports of Lieutenant R. Bruce Ricketts, Battery F, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to an order from headquarters left grand division, dated December 9, 1862, I reported to Captain De Russy, U. S. Army, on the 10th of December, and was placed in position on the bluffs below Falmouth.

On Thursday, the 11th, Saturday, the 13th, Sunday, the 14th, and Monday, the 15th of December, I was engaged in shelling the enemy's batteries and troops on our left, from the north bank of the Rappahannock.

