
DECEMBER 1-10, 1862.-Expedition toward Logan Court-House, W. Va.

Report of Major George H. Hildt, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Camp Ruth Udell, Va., December 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout in the direction of Logan Court-House, Va., during the last ten days:

After consulting with Major Schache, of the Twenty-eighth, both regiments [the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth] moved, on November 29, on the Logan road to Coal River, where, after a short halt, both regiments moved on by separate routes. The Twenty-eighth, taking the lower route, could not have their train to follow them, and it accompanied the Thirtieth through Chapmanville to Logan Court-House, the junction to be made at Huff's Creek, a branch of the Guyandotte River putting in from the east, north of Huff's Mountains, and distant from Logan Court-House 15 miles. The time fixed was Thursday evening or early Friday morning [December 5], either party to apprise the other, in case of accident or of any important movement of the enemy, at the earliest opportunity.*

The evening we encamped at Chapmanville we were informed that Colonels Clarkson's and Beckley's cavalry forces had occupied that point a week previous, on their way to the mouth of the Guyandotte River, and the informant supposed [if they failed in this] they would move over on the Sandy and form the advance guard of Floyd's infantry, in Pike County, Kentucky. A company of Clarkson's command had returned through Chapmanville the evening before, with prisoners, taken at some point down the river; and, not understanding the position of our forces in that direction, that road gave me some uneasiness, but I moved the regiment the next morning [preferring to fight our way out on our return rather than leave a few troops to be surrounded and captured], reaching Logan Court-House about 2 p.m. December 4, having picked up 4 of Clarkson's men [mounted] at two different points on the road, and moved on to the mill, about 2 miles below the town, meeting no enemy, except a few stragglers and soldiers on furlough, who were arrested. One [a paroled prisoner] who refused to come down the mountain, when ordered repeatedly, was shot, and died shortly after. His descriptive list is here inclosed. We again moved back to town, and scouted well the three forks of the creek on the road toward the Sandy River, which route General Floyd took with his force a week before. The scouts returned late at night, with 1 prisoner and 4 guns, having heard of no enemy in force nearer than the Sandy River.

I sent a messenger to Major Schache, at Huff's Creek, and received a reply that they were out of rations, and their train was sent forward, under guard, as soon as it was light the next morning. They came forward, met it half way, and we moved to Chapmanville, leaving a small cavalry force holding the town until they arrived. Soon after the Thirtieth Regiment left Logan, the cavalry was fired upon while returning from burning the mill below the town; but they remained and report to Major Schache, when he arrived a few hours after. The citizens also manifested great joy at the occurrence, and were much delighted when our cavalry moved through, after the firing.

The Twenty-eighth encamped at Logan, and the Thirtieth at Chapmanville,
---------------

*See Cox to Peirpoint, December 15, p.857, and Floyd to Letcher, December 17, p.1065.

---------------

