
the communication with Franklin, and shared with the other fire divisions of the grand division the perils and disappointments of the day. There was sharp picket firing during the night along the line held by our troops, at some points within a hundred yards of the enemy's position.

The next day, the 14th, the troops held the ground they had occupied when their advance was checked on the previous day.

During the 15th there was continuous picket firing, and the enemy was more active than on the preceding to withdraw the command to the left bank of the Rappahannock. The order was executed quietly and promptly, without loss or confusion, and the grand division marched to the bivouac now occupied by it.

Where all behave so gallantly it is impossible to discriminate. I adopt and indorse all the subordinate reports of my command, and I would respectfully commend to the Government the corps commanders, General Couch and Willcox, for skill and gallantry in handling their troops.

The following officers of my personal staff were all zealous and prompt in the discharge of their duties: Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Taylor, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Teall, chief commissary; Major Lawrence Kip, aide-de-camp; Captain W. G. Jones, acting aide-de-camp; Captain J. C. Audenried, aide-de-camp; Captain S. S. Sumner, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant A. H. Cushing, topographical engineer, and Lieutenant R. S. Mackenzie, topographical engineer.

I would also recommend Surg. A. N. Dougherty, medical director of the right grand division; also Captain J. M. Garland, the master of ambulances, and Major J. E. Mallon, provost-marshal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

No. 52. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Right Grand Division.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, January 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the disposition of the troops composing this command during the operations of the Army of the Potomac on December 11,12,13, and 14, in its attack on Fredericksburg.

On December 11, agreeably to the orders of the major-general commanding the right grand division, the division, consisting of the First Brigade, under Brigadier General J. F. Farnsworth; Second Brigade, under Colonel D. McM. Gregg, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Pennington's battery (M), Second U. S. Artillery, were massed in columns of squadrons in rear of the ridge commanding the approaches to the upper bridges. This position was held by the command until the army had recrossed the Rappahannock.

