
Early in the afternoon, Major Doull, of General Hunt's staff, brought over two rifled batteries, Waterman's and Kusserow's, and placed them in the position selected by Captain C. H. Morgan, chief of artillery of the corps. Here the batteries did most excellent service. Pettit's, Owen's, and King's batteries were in position on the left bank of the river.

Night came on, leaving every part of the field taken by us during the day still in our possession. Although the Second Corps had failed in its object, it had never, from the glorious days of Fair Oaks to Antietam, shown such determined courage as in this days' fight against stone wall, rifle-pits, and enfilading batteries.

There were many that straggled away from the field, leaving their comrades to bear the brunt of battle. Of those who thus dishonored their names and country nothing more need be written. Too much, however, cannot be said in praise of those who did their duty so well, and whose unflinching bravery and determination have added new honor to the corps and to the army, and compelled the admiration of all brave men.

General Butterfield commenced relieving my command at 8 p.m., some of the regiments not being withdrawn till 1 o'clock on the following morning. The surgeons, aided by the ambulance corps, brought in the wounded, and established hospitals throughout the city. The divisions bivouacked in the streets, near the river. As on the preceding night, no fires were allowed. Much privation was endured by the troops without murmuring.

My thanks are due to Brigadier-General Willcox, Brigadier-General Butterfield, then commanding the Fifth Corps, and Brigadier-General Whipple, for their hearty co-operation in carrying out my wishes when in temporary command of the city.

The desperate, stubborn fighting was done by Hancock's division and most of French's. The former lost 2,000 men, the latter 1,200. Howard, coming up late, lost 700 men, besides 150 on the 11th. He did well the part assigned to him.

These generals of divisions seconded my efforts, and gave me good counsel. Their soldierly reputations are too well established to require any commendation from me. I respectfully ask the attention of the general commanding to their elaborate reports, together with those of the brigade and regimental commanders, and that of the chief of artillery. These give the names of many brave men who laid down their liver for the honor of their country, and also record the names and services of some of those living, who deserve a soldier's reward for their valor and devotion.

Lieutenant Cushing, topographical engineers, staff of Major-General Sumner, was with me throughout the battle, and acted with his well-known gallantry. Captain C. H. Morgan, Fourth Artillery, chief of artillery, rendered invaluable service. Major F. A. Walker, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Burt, aide-de-camp, served me, as in former battles, with ability and bravery. Lieutenant J. N. Potter, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Wetmore, Sixth New York Volunteer Cavalry, served courageously and to my satisfaction in this their first battle with me. Lieutenant J. S. Schultz, corps quartermaster (slightly wounded), and Captain J. C. Smith, commissary, were untiring in their labors.

Dr. J. H. Taylor, medical director of the corps, was unceasing in his devotion to the wounded. His department was well organized, and the surgeons of the corps generally labored zealously. The ambulance corps was efficient. Lieutenant Parker, a brave young officer, of General Hancock's staff, was severely wounded while carrying a message fortune.

