
in action (it behaved with great spirit), is candidly and fully explained by General Meagher in his accompanying report.

The strength of this brigade when the action commenced was 92 officers, and 1,323 enlisted men. Its loss was 53 commissioned officers and 488 men.

Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell, commanding First Brigade, conducted his brigade into action, and was wounded while gallantly performing his duty on the advance line. He had two staff officers wounded. When this brigade went into action, it had 116 commissioned officers and 1,871 enlisted men. Its loss was 62 commissioned officers and 932 enlisted men killed and wounded.

Colonel S. K. Zook, commanding Third Brigade, led his brigade with spirit, remaining on the field until the close of the fight. He had a horse shot under him during the contest. At the commencement of the engagement this brigade numbered 92 commissioned officers and 1,440 enlisted men. Its loss was 38 commissioned officers and 491 enlisted men killed and wounded.

Colonel J. R. Brooke, with his gallant regiment, the Fifty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, from being unhurt, was enabled to perform the highest service to his country, and added to the laurels he and his regiment had already won on many fields. This regiment went into action with 14 commissioned officers and 300 enlisted men, of which it lost 8 officers and 147 enlisted men killed and wounded.

Colonel George W. Von Schack, who was slightly wounded, but kept the field, held the culvert over the railroad to the last, with his brave regiment, the Seventh New York Volunteers, and commanded the brigade after General Caldwell had been wounded. The strength of his regiment when the action commenced was 25 commissioned officers and 463 enlisted men. It lost 18 commissioned officers and 227 enlisted men killed and wounded.

Colonel Edward E. Cross, commanding the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, severely wounded, behaved in the handsomest manner. The conduct of his regiment was heroic; refusing to yield any ground, his brave officers and men died where they stood. This regiment numbered 23 commissioned officers and 280 enlisted men when it went into action; 17 officers and 165 men were killed and wounded. This regiment had five commanders during the action, the first four having been killed or wounded.

Colonel Paul Frank, commanding the Fifty-second New York Volunteers, occupied the extreme left with his regiment, and held his position in a steady and soldierly manner. The regiment numbered 11 commissioned officers and 149 enlisted men at the commencement of the action, of which it lost 2 officers and 43 enlisted men killed and wounded.

Co. Robert Nugent, severely wounded, commanding the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, conducted his troops with his usual spirit, and was making a final effort to advance when he was shot. His regiment had 19 commissioned officers and 219 enlisted men when the attack was made. Its loss was 16 officers wounded and 112 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing. This gallant regiment was marched off the field by its fourth commander that day, the three senior commanders having been wounded.

Colonel Patrick Kelly, commanding the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, was active and resolute, as he always is, and, with his regiment, performed their usual good service. The Eighty-eighth numbered 23 commissioned offices and 229 enlisted men when the assault commenced, of which it lost 12 officers and 115 enlisted men killed and wounded.

