
on the night of December 5, stopping both routes, in case an attempt was made to cut us off, and moved to Newport the next morning. The Twenty-eighth followed, occupied Chapmanville, and this style of company was continued during the return trip, in order to afford sufficient shelter for the men.

A few more prisoners were captured by side expeditions, sent out during the return trip, which are mentioned in the regimental journal, herewith transmitted,* and all turned over, with the written history of each, as near as it could be learned, to Lieutenant-Colonel Bohlender, commanding the post at Brownstown.

Mr. McLaughlin, a citizen of Logan, and his family returned with us. He is an alien, and was a partner of General Floyd in the steam sawmill destroyed on December 5. He can give considerable information, and should appear before your headquarters before he is allowed perfect liberty of our camp. He remained at Brownstown.

Early in the month of August, 1861, General Floyd erected a breastwork 1 1/2 miles this side of Logan, flanked by the river on the right and a bluff hill on the left, stretching across the narrow pass, through which the road runs. It still exists and is in a good state of preservation.

The men came off of this trip well. Not one even had a frosted foot, but hundreds wore out their shoes, and marched on their return with their feet on the frozen ground.

I have no casualties to report or no accident to the train during the entire march of 140 miles. A rough sketch of the surrounding of Chapmanville and Logan Court-House is also inclosed.*

With much respect, I am, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. HILDT,

Major Thirtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Kanawha Division.

DECEMBER 2, 1862.-Skirmish at Leeds' Ferry, Rappahannock River, Va.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

No. 2.-Brigadier General Seth Williams, U. S. Army, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Army of the Potomac.

No. 3.-Colonel R. L. T. Beale, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, and congratulatory

letter from General Lee.

No. 1. Reports of Brigadier General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, December 2, 1862.

COLONEL: Colonel Gregg, at King George Court-House, reports that a squadron of his regiment, detached and doing duty at Leeds' Ferry, some 20 miles below the Courth-House, was attacked this morning by about 200 of the enemy, who had crossed the river some distance above the ferry, and concealed themselves in the wood.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

