
Colonel Nelson A. Miles, severely wounded, commanding the Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth Regiments New York Volunteers, consolidated, conducted himself in the most admirable and chivalrous manner. His battalion behaved with steadiness unsurpassed by any troops. The strength of his command was 27 commissioned officers and 408 enlisted men. Three officers were wounded and 105 enlisted men killed, wounded and missing. The third commander during this action marched the regiments off the field, the others being disabled.

Colonel H. L. Brown, of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, I regret to say, was severely wounded in several places. His presence was much needed, his regiment being large and inexperienced in such a fight. Owing to his absence, and the fact that many of his officers were disabled, and a great number of is men killed and wounded, a portion of his regiment, under a very heavy fire, was forced back. Many gallant spirits, however, particularly on the right and left of the regiment, maintained their position to the last. This regiment had 25 commissioned officers and 475 enlisted men when it went into action. Its loss was 12 commissioned officers and 212 enlisted men killed and wounded. This regiment had two commanders during the engagement.

Colonel Dennis Heenan, commanding the One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was wounded severely. His regiment suffered heavily, and, although comparatively young in the service, behaved handsomely. This regiment marched on the field with 17 commissioned officers and 230 enlisted men. Its loss was 12 officers wounded and 77 men killed, wounded, and missing. The fourth officer in command during the battle brought the regiments off the field, the others being disabled.

Colonel Richard Byrnes, a veteran soldier, commanding the Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, displayed his excellent qualities in this section. His regiment entered the action with 16 officers and 400 men, of whom 7 officers and 149 enlisted men were killed and wounded.

Colonel William P. Baily, commanding the Second Regiment Delaware Volunteers, was wounded. The strength of this regiment when it went into action was 19 commissioned officers and 225 enlisted men. The loss was 7 officers wounded and 47 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing. The Second Delaware had three commanders during the battle, the first two having been wounded.

Colonel Richard S. Bostwick, commanding the Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers, bore himself worthily. His regiment had joined the division but a few days before the action, and on the day of the engagement had 270 men on picket who were not in the fight. His battalion behaved in a highly creditable manner. They took position in the front line, fighting under great discouragement, their arms being unreliable. The strength of this battalion at the commencement of the assault was 24 commissioned officers and 360 enlisted men. It lost 6 commissioned officers and 107 men in killed and wounded.

Lieutenant Colonel H. Boyd McKeen (wounded), commanding the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, behaved with extraordinary gallantry. The Eighty-first numbered 16 commissioned officers and 245 enlisted men when the action began. It lost 12 officers and 164 enlisted men killed and wounded. This regiment was marched off the field by the fourth officer, on whom the command had devolved during the fight, the first three having been wounded and carried off the field.

Major N. G. Throop, commanding the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, was very severely wounded in the performance of his duty, Lieutenant-

