
Colonel Chapman having been seriously wounded the day previous. The Fifty-seventh numbered 11 commissioned officers and 181 enlisted men. Its loss was 9 commissioned officers and 78 enlisted men killed and wounded. This regiment had three commanders during the action, the first two having been disabled.

Major Joseph O'Neill, a brave officer, commanding the Sixty-third New York Volunteers, was wounded. His regiment numbered 17 officers and 145 enlisted men when the assault began. Its loss was 7 officers and 37 enlisted men killed and wounded. This regiment had two commanders during the day, the first having been wounded.

Captain Julius Wehle, a brave soldier, was killed while leading his regiment, the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel James H. Bull, commanding the same regiment, having been mortally wounded the day previous. This regiment numbered 13 commissioned officers and 225 enlisted men at the commencement of the action. Its loss was 6 officers and 78 enlisted men killed and wounded. This regiment had four commanders during the engagement, the first three having been killed or wounded.

In seventeen regiments, comprising my division in this action (sixteen battalions, two regiments having been for some time past consolidated in one), 25 commanding officers were killed or wounded and removed from the field during the engagement.

Of the artillery of the division, Captain R. D. Pettit's battery of rifled guns was detached from my command and placed in position on the heights overlooking Falmouth. His battery was constantly engaged during the action, but, as it was not under my command, I have had no report. The battery of 12-pounder brass guns (Company C, Fourth Artillery), under command of First Lieutenant Evan Thomas, of that regiment, crossed the river with the division, and on the day of the battle was placed near the railroad depot, where it continued unemployed, although under a severe fire until late in the afternoon, when this zealous young officer, receiving an order for another battery to proceed to the front, in its absence moved forward with his battery, and took a very advanced position upon the plain, opening with effect upon the enemy, using shrapnel. His position was thought to be too far in advance, on account of the enemy's musketry, and he was ordered to retire with his battery. This battery, for the time being, was under the orders of the commander of the corps, and was directed by the chief of artillery of the same.

The valor of the troops was so marked in the action that I can safely state that, had the enemy met us in an open field, the contest would have been decided in our favor in a very short time. Scarcely any troops could have withstood the onset of our men.

The following officers of my personal staff (I have only selected those who were highly distinguished) deserve well of their country: First Lieutenant W. G. Mitchell, W. D. W. Miller, acting aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant J. M. Rorty, ordnance officer and acting aide-de-camp, and Second Lieutenant H. P. Ritzius, provost-marshal and acting aide-de-camp. They were exposed to the fire of the enemy throughout the day, and behaved in the most gallant manner. As an evidence of their dangerous services, I may be permitted to mention that three of them were wounded and four of their horses shot.

Surg. L. M. Knight, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, chief medical officer of the division, is entitled to commendation for his arduous and faithful services in his care of the wounded. Captain C. H. Hoyt, division quartermaster, reported to me on the field, and conducted himself with

