
spirit. Also the acting division commissary, Captain Balloch, is entitled to credit for his efficiency, and for his conduct in Fredericksburg during the occupation of that place.

My personal orderlies having been much exposed during the engagement, I wish to mention them for their good conduct on the field. Their names are as follows: Corpl. Owen McKenzie, Company K, Sixth New York Cavalry; Private Thomas Watson, Company K, Sixth New York Cavalry; Private James Wells, Company K, Sixth New York Cavalry; Private John Harper, Company K, Sixth New York Cavalry.

I have heretofore transmitted a nominal list of casualties and a tabular statement of the same, and now transmit a rough sketch* of the field, together with the reports of brigade, regimental, and battery commanders.

On the morning of the 14th, the division was directed to support the Ninth Corps in a meditated assault upon the enemy's works. That assault was, however, subsequently abandoned. Although shattered from the contest of the day previous the troops were ready again to perform their duty.

On the night of the 15th, the division recrossed the river to Falmouth, and occupied its previous camps.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistance Adjutant-General, Second Corps d'Armee.

No. 56. Report of Lieutenant Evan Thomas, Battery C, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

HANCOCK'S DIVISION, December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the movements of the battery under my command since the 11th instant.

I crossed the river with the division on the 12th instant, and about dark parked for the night near the railroad depot. The next day an orderly came and inquired for Captain Tompkins, with orders from Captain Morgan, chief of artillery, Second Army Corps, for him to move out the first street he came to. Our troops were running in at the time. Thinking the orderly had made some mistake in the name, I moved my battery forward, and placed Lieutenant Field with his section near the depot, with orders to cover our retreat, should we be driven back; Lieutenant O'Donohoe, who volunteered in the battery that day, on the railroad, and took one gun myself farther to the left. I fired several spherical case at the enemy's line near the house on the hill, and was then ordered back by Captain Morgan. I then placed four guns in position near the depot, ready to cover any retreat,and remained there until I was ordered to recross and return to my camp.

I had 1 man killed and 4 wounded (not dangerously); also several hit with spent balls. My men, mostly recruits, behaved very well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EVAN THOMAS,

First Lieutenant Fourth Artillery, Commanding Battery C.

Captain JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Sketch not found; casualties embodied in revised statement, pp. 129,130.

---------------

