
No. 57. Report of Brigadier General John C. Caldwell, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS CALDWELL'S BRIGADE, January 21, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Fredericksburg, December 13:

My brigade constituted the third line of the division, and was formed in line of battle on the street parallel to the river and nearest to it. Three of my regiments-the Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York and One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania-had, previous to the action, relieved the picket line of three regiments of General French's command, with orders as soon as the first line of attack had passed the pickets to assemble and join their brigade as it passed to the battle-field. The brigade marched to the field, by the right flank, in the following order:

The Fifth New Hampshire, commanded by Colonel Cross, on the right, followed by the Eighty-first Pennsylvania, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McKeen. The Seventh New York, led by Colonel Von Schack, was third in the line. The three regiments which had been on picket joined the column near the outer edge of the city-the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania (Colonel Brown) following the Seventh New York, and the Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York, consolidated, under the command of Colonel Miles, of the Sixty-first, on the extreme left of my line.

While marching through the streets to our position, we were exposed to a severe artillery fire, by which several of my men were killed. I formed my men in line of battle behind the Irish Brigade, coming on right by file into line. While forming, there was heavy and continuous firing in front, and shells exploded continually over my line. The left of my brigade had not yet got into position when I was ordered by General Hancock to move immediately forward. Colonel Miles' command was at the same time ordered to the right, to guard against an apprehended attack on our right flank. The brigade advanced steadily in line until they came to a line which was lying down and occasionally firing. Some of my men, especially on the left, were halted and commenced firing. I then passed along the entire length of my line, from right to left, not only to urge forward my men in person, but also to stop the men in our rear from firing on my line. The brigade was now exposed to a terrific and well-directed fire of musketry and artillery, by which its ranks were rapidly thinned. The regiments,however, all behaved with the greatest gallantry and fought with steadiness, except the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, which broke and fell back, its colonel being severely wounded.

My regiments had now advanced to, and the Fifth New Hampshire and part of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania beyond, the brick house. The fire here was terrific-the hottest I have ever seen. The men fell by hundreds. Just at the right of the brick house is the confluence of two roads, down both of which the enemy was firing incessantly. Here I met Colonel Miles, who wished to charge directly up the road. Had there been any support, I should not have hesitated to give him the order to do so; but, with the small force at my disposal, it seemed to me a wanton loss of brave men. I therefore formed him on the right of the road, to protect our right flank. I was here struck by a musket-ball in

