
the left side, bud did not leave the field until struck a second time, in the left shoulder. I then went down the road to direct one of the regiments of Colonel Owen's command, which was now coming up, to our right; but the colonel said his orders were most positive to go to the left of the road. I went to a hospital near by to have my wounds dressed, and did not again return to the field.

All my regiments, except the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania, fought with desperate courage under great disadvantages. The enemy fought behind rifle-pits and stone walls, while our troops were entirely uncovered, and exposed to a murderous fire of artillery and musketry combined. They advanced bravely to within a few yards of the enemy's line, when their ranks were so thinned and their numbers so reduced that it was impossible to go farther. The right of my line remained in position, and was not relieved until after dark.

To mention individual officers worthy of particular praise is in the present instance a task of the greatest difficulty. With the exception before mentioned, men and officers never behaved with greater gallantry or devotion. I do not desire to lead braver men or be supported by better officers. Colonel Cross, at the time of the action, was suffering from an attack of chills and fever, which would have laid most men on their beds. He did not hesitate, however, to lead his noble regiment into battle, and was struck down, severely wounded, while at the head of his regiment, bravely leading his men forward.

Colonel McKeen was also severely wounded while gallantly urging on his men. The same is true also of Colonel Brown. Colonel Von Schack behaved, as he always does, with the greatest coolness and daring and, when I was wounded, remained on the field in command of the brigade. Colonel Miles, who has always signally distinguished himself on the battle-field, displayed on this occasion the highest qualities of an officer-coolness, judgment, and intrepidity.

I am especially indebted to the officers of my staff for the valuable services they rendered. Captain Caldwell was struck by rifle balls three times, but fortunately only slightly wounded. Lieutenant Alvord was wounded by a fragment of a shell-not seriously. Lieutenant Scott's services were highly valuable. Lieutenant Cross was in every part of the field, fearless in the execution of his duty and ceaselessly active. He is deserving of the highest praise and reward. Of the noble dead I may truly say that braver or better officers or firmer patriots never fought on a battle-field.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 58. Report of Colonel Edward E. Cross, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry.

HOSPITAL NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In reference to the part taken by my regiment at the battle of Fredericksburg, on the 13th instant, I have the honor to report that my regiment formed the extreme right of Caldwell's brigade in the third line. It marched to its place in the order of battle under a severe fire of round shot and shell; remained in line some moments, when

