
No. 59. Report of Colonel George W. Von Schack, Seventh New York Infantry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Seventh New York Volunteers were formed during the afternoon of the 13th instant, the Eighty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers on our right and the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers on our left, and ordered to the battle-field at about 12.30. We found the third line in rear of the Irish Brigade. The regiment advanced splendidly, and when the order was given to charge the enemy's batteries, the regiment advanced beyond the second and first lines, farther than any other troops. Soon after this the troops then in rear of my men commenced to retire, and so my regiment followed. I remained with a part of my regiment, as well as with some other men belonging to different regiments of our brigade, behind an earthwork (about 1,000 yards from the battle-field, near the railroad), which probably had been occupied by the enemy the day previous.

General Caldwell having been wounded, General Hancock ordered me to take command of the brigade; to say where I was, and, in case our troops should advance, to support them with such men who were left from our brigade. I remained in this position until 6 p.m.; but our troops having had no advantages during the afternoon,and when they were withdrawn I marched the men back, at 6.30 p.m., to the place where the brigade left in the afternoon.

Casualties during the engagement: Killed-officers, 5; enlisted men, 20. Wounded-officers, 12; enlisted men, 194. Missing-enlisted men, 43. Total, 274.*

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. W. VON SCHACK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant D. K. CROSS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 60. Report of Colonel Nelson A. Miles, Sixty-first New York Infantry, commanding Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York Regiments.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report:

At 9 o'clock on the morning of the 13th instant, I was ordered to take the two regiments under my command, the Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, and relieve two regiments of General French's division, which were on picket on the edge of the town fronting the enemy's works, with orders to draw them in as soon as General French's lines had passed through.

I remained here until 11 a.m., when the attacking column moved out; then assembled my regiments with the rest of the bridge. By this time the battle had commenced, General French's division being engaged. I then received orders to follow the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.129.

---------------

