
I saw more fully proven in this engagement than in any other that nothing but the strictest discipline of both officers and men will enable any commanding officer to handle his troops while under fire.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding Sixty-first and Sixty-fourth New York Vols.

Captain GEORGE H. CALDWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 61. Report of Captain William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 15, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, in regard to the battle of the 13th instant, as follows:

During the morning of the 13th instant, we were formed in Sophia street, our position being on the left of the Fifth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers and on the right of the Seventh New York Volunteers. About 2 o'clock we were moved off to the right, and went into the field in rear of Meagher's (Irish) brigade. We advanced over the Irish Brigade, farther to the front than any of our troops had been up to that time, but the fire of the enemy's batteries and their infantry from the sheltered position which they occupied made it impossible to advance any farther, and, after sustaining a very heavy loss, our regiment retired in disorder.

Accompanying this is list* of the casualties during the engagement.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. WILSON,

Captain Company E, Commanding Eighty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Colonel VON SCHACK,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 62. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David B. McCreary, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 20, 1862.

SIR: In the absence of Colonel Brown, on account of severe wounds, I am unable to furnish you with full details of the movements of the One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Regiment in the battle at Fredericksburg, on Saturday, December 13, 1862. On the morning of that day we were ordered to move from our position near the river, and take a position in a street near the center of the town. A portion of the regiment was there detailed in squads, and sent to the outskirts of the town as pickets, to be withdrawn as soon as French's division should move beyond the picket line of force, which was done beyond the picket line of force, which was done accordingly.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.129.

---------------

