
with all. The unavoidable absence of Colonel Fowler and Lieutenant-Colonel Bentley at such a time was I am sure, as much regretted by them as us, for they are and have proved themselves as true and valiant soldiers as we can desire. Poor Captain Sullivan is gone, but his name and deeds in connection with his regiment and brigade will live in history. Of the other officers and men of the regiment I will not speak, as they all have done their part and nobly, and even the humblest private may be styled a hero.

One hour after returning to the dock the report of the regiment stood thus: Thirty muskets and 8 commissioned officers present; 1 commissioned officer killed and 7 wounded; 1 enlisted man killed and 32 wounded.

I counted fifty files, including corporals, going into action. We crossed the pontoon bridge during the night with our wounded, bivouacking where we has spent the night of the 11th, on this side of the river.

Sunday, December 14, 9 a.m., cross over to Fredericksburg again. Remain there until midnight, December 15, when we retreat over the bridge, and march to our former and present camp.

December 16, Lieutenant-Colonel Bentley came to camp, and I resigned the command to him.

Very respectfully,

P. J. CONDON,

Captain Company G, Sixty-third New York Vols., Irish Brigade.

No. 67. Report of Captain James Saunders, Sixty-ninth New York Infantry.

CIRCULAR.] CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, December 22, 1862.

In compliance with general orders received December 21, I hereby certify that the Sixty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers entered the battle of Fredericksburg, on December 13, 1862, commanded by Colonel Robert Nugent, and 18 commissioned officers and 210 rank and file, in which the above numbered regiment lost 16 commissioned officers and 160 rank and file, leaving Captain James Saunders, Lieutenant Milliken, and Lieutenant L. Brennan to bring the remnant of the regiment off the battle-field.

JAMES SAUNDERS,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers.

No. 68. Report of Colonel Patrick Kelly, Eighty-eighth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from headquarters right grand division, Army of the Potomac, the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers left camp on the morning of the 11th, and proceeded toward the pontoon bridge, arriving in the vicinity of General Sumner's headquarters about 10 a.m., where they were halted, with the rest of Hancock's division, and remained there until about 4 p.m., when, by order of General Meagher, they advanced about 1 mile, where they bivouacked for the night in a wood.

