
rear of General Sumner's headquarters. After remaining a few hours, the regiment advanced a few hundred yards.

On the morning of the 12th, we crossed the Rappahannock River on a pontoon bridge, under cover of our artillery, and encamped on the river bank. The regiment remained there during the night.

On the morning of the 13th, about 7 o'clock, we received orders to march to the battle-field. We moved with the brigade to support French's division. About 12 m. we entered the battle-field, holding a position on the extreme left of the brigade, directly opposite one of the enemy's batteries. After one hour's hard fighting, during which the regiment received orders to charge the enemy's works, which they did with the courage and bravery of veterans, they were withdrawn with the brigade from the field. The regiment then received orders from the commanding general to take the wounded and recross the river, and encamped for the night in the rear of General Sumner's headquarters.

On Sunday morning the remnant of the regiment again marched to Fredericksburg, with the expectation of again attacking the enemy. We remained in the town till Monday night, when the regiment, with the brigade,marched back to their old camps near Falmouth.

The officers and men behaved with great gallantry and coolness during the whole of the action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TEED,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel P. KELLY,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 70. Report of Colonel Samuel K. Zook, Fifty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Falmouth, Va., December 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade from the 11th to the 16th instant, inclusive:

Under orders received from General Couch, at General Sumner's headquarters, on the night of December 10, I detailed the Fifty-seventh and engineers, at the Lacy house, to assist in building bridges, and to protect the work.

The enemy opened fire upon them about 6 a.m. of the 11th. The Fifty-seventh New York was relieved about 8 a.m. by the Seventh Michigan. Its loss was Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Chapman, Captains Mott and Bell, and Lieutenants Brewster and White, wounded, besides 2 men killed and 23 wounded. The Sixty-sixth New York was relieved about 3 p.m. by the --- ---. Its loss was Lieutenant Colonel James H. Bull and Captain John P. Dodge, killed, and Lieutenant Switzer seriously wounded; also several men wounded.

At 7 a.m. of the 11th, the Fifty-third Pennsylvania, Second Delaware, and Fifty-second New York having been formed, with the Twenty-seventh Connecticut, near the camp of the latter, on the Stafford Courth House road, took up the line of march about 8 a.m., in rear of the Irish Brigade, for a point near the Phillips house, where they they bivouacked,

