
Chaplain J. W. Leek, of the Twenty-seventh Connecticut, deserves special mention. He went fearlessly into the hottest fire, cheering the regiment on in the most gallant manner.

To my staff I am under great obligations for valuable assistance; especially to Lieutenants Faville and Broome, for the handsome manner in which they aided in taking the brigade into action.

The loss of the brigade in the action of the 13th was 7 commissioned officers killed and 31 wounded; 52 enlisted men killed, 395 wounded, and 42 missing. Total, 527.*

I have the honor to be, captain, your very obedient servant,

S. K. ZOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 71. Report of Colonel Richard S. Bostwick, Twenty-seventh Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 19, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions this day received, I proceed to furnish you a report of the movements of my regiment from the 10th to the 15th instant, inclusive:

Agreeably to orders received at 2 a.m. on the morning of the 10th, my regiment was in line and ready to move at 6.30 a.m. When ordered, I joined the remainder of the brigade, and moved forward to a hollow, where the brigade remained until about 5 p.m., when it moved to a hill, beyond which it bivouacked for the night. Early next morning my command moved with the remainder of the brigade, and entered the city of Fredericksburg about 8 a.m., and halted at the place designated by the commanding officer, and remained there during that day and until the morning of the 13th instant, when, agreeably to orders, I moved my command a short distant forward until ordered to halt, which point was in the city, and elevated from the ground my command previously occupied. Here my regiment remained until about 12 m. when it was ordered forward, my instructions being to follow the Fifty-third Regiment. This regiment moved at once toward the field of battle, by the flank, which I followed in the same manner until ordered to proceed in line of battle with the brigade to which my command was and is at present attached, until ordered to give the enemy battle, which order my command faithfully executed, and, in absence of any relief, remained in a very exposed position until dark, although lamentably deficient in arms, most of my command being provided with muskets unfit for active service.

Late in the evening of that day I collected my command, first caring for the wounded that could be found, and moved them to the point from which I moved in the morning.

On the morning of the 14th, I used every effort to gather in the missing of my command and those straggling, which effort, I am happy to say, was very successful. I remained with my command at or near this point until the evening of the 15th, when I was ordered to recross the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.130.

---------------

