
Rappahannock, which order I executed, and conducted my regiment to the camp from which I started on the morning of the 10th.

My command suffered considerably in this action, the loss in killed, wounded, and missing being, as far as ascertained, about 120.* You will, doubtless, recollect that 267 of my command were doing picket duty, which left me about 350 men for other service.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

RICH'D S. BOSTWICK,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 72. Report of Captain Peter McCullogh, Second Delaware Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 19, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders issued from brigade headquarters this date, I have the honor of submitting the following report:

On the morning of the 13th instant, at about 8 a.m., this regiment, with others of this brigade, was ordered on picket duty, during which we had 1 enlisted man seriously wounded.

We remained on this duty about three hours, when we were relieved and formed in line of battle on one of the principal streets of Fredericksburg. At about 12 m. of the same date, we were ordered into the engagement, and during that most terrific conflict all the officers and men of this command, without exception, behaved meritoriously, and performed the duties assigned them cheerfully and with fearlessness.

The following is a list of casualties to this regiment: Field officers wounded,2; line officers wounded, 5; enlisted men wounded, 40; total, 47. Enlisted men killed, 6; enlisted men missing, 4. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 57.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER McCULLOGH,

Captain, Commanding Second Delaware Regiment.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

N.73.

Report of Colonel Paul Frank, Fifty-second New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 20, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with circular, I have the honor to report the following movements of this regiment during the time from December 10, until December 16:

The regiment left its camp-ground near Falmouth Thursday morning

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.130.

---------------

