
at 6.30 o'clock; joined the brigade about 1 mile in the rear, and followed the Second Delaware in an easterly direction, in the neighborhood of the Phillips house, where it was camped for the night.

The following morning, about daybreak, it marched with the brigade across the Lacy house pontoon bridge toward the lower bridge, where it camped over night.

The following morning, Saturday, December 13, the regiment was ordered, about daybreak, together with the Second Delaware, to relieve the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers, on picket along the railroad south of Fredericksburg, from which duty it was ordered back about 10 a.m., and joined the brigade in Caroline street, forming its left.

At 12.30 p.m. it received the order to follow the Second Delaware, in marching through one of the side streets, along the railroad, deploying into line of battle on the other side of the Telegraph road. It advanced in line, forming the left of the brigade, up to about 200 yards in front of a white house, near to the Telegraph road, where it relieved a command composed of several small portions of different regiments.

In advancing, the regiment was exposed to a destructive shell fire, and sustained, before coming in position, heavy losses.

The above-named ground was held by the regiment for four and one-half hours. After about three hours, all the ammunition had been expended, even that of the killed and wounded on the ground.

Just in time to keep up the fire, several small regiments arrived, and, to strengthen the position, I kept the rest of this regiment under arms, with fixed bayonet. About 4.30 o'clock new troops arrived at the ground, and I ordered the men, by small squads (to avoid a concentration of fire), about 200 yards back, on the railroad track, from which place I detached Lieutenant Ehrichs, of this regiment, to find ammunition, in order to retake my place again in the front.

Lieutenant Ehrichs, on his return, reported that one of the aides-de-camp of Major-General Sumner informed him that the nearest place of getting ammunition was near the river, and that the regiment should march down and join the part of the brigade already there. Complying with this order, I marched to the named place, where I arrived at dark, and reported the regiment, had the arms cleaned, and new ammunition issued immediately.

The regiment went into battle with 151 men and 15 officers, and lost, killed, 1 officer (Charles Laty, adjutant) and 5 men; wounded, 1 officer (First Lieutenant E. L. M. Ehlers) and 36 enlisted men.

The following days, Sunday and Monday, the regiment camped on its first camp-ground, and marched, together with the Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, and the Second Delaware Volunteers, to relieve the brigade of General Ferrero, on picket, at about 9 p.m., from which position it was relieved at about 3 a.m. Tuesday, December 16, by one brigade of General Sykes, returning across the Lacy house bridge to its former camp-ground, near Falmouth.

It gives me great satisfaction to state that men and officers showed themselves most gallant and brave, though being schooled in every battle since the battle of Fair Oaks. The standing of the regiment is fully worthy to be honorably mentioned.

Second Lieutenant Ehrichs and Second Lieutenant Frank brought up the colors, with Sergeant Reinhard, after the color-bearer fell seriously wounded, and guarded the colors, utterly exposed to the fire of the enemy.

Also I must mention the gallant conduct of Sergeant Huber, of Company

17 R R-VOL XXI

