
took the place of the One hundred and eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, and advanced to the rise of ground in front of the stone wall which sheltered the infantry of the enemy. During the advance the movements of the left wing were much impeded by a board fence, which was very difficult to remove or scale. Here many casualties occurred. Captain John F. Bartholf, while endeavoring to remedy the slight confusion incident to the meeting of this obstacle, in the face of a murderous fire, was wounded. Captain John S. Hammell, then commanding the regiment, while encouraging the men, also fell wounded. The command of the regiment now devolved upon men. The men, after expending their supply of ammunition (60 rounds), gradually retired and formed line in the town.

The conduct of both officers and men is beyond all criticism. The gaps in our ranks, caused by the combined fire of the enemy's artillery and infantry, were quietly and quickly closed up, and the regiment advanced steadily to its work, and only when out of ammunition did it retire.

It were injustice, perhaps, to make comparisons as to the conduct of the brave officers and men engaged, but the conduct of First Lieutenant John McNeill merits special mention. His coolness and unflinching bravery under fire cannot be excelled.

Among the enlisted men the conduct of Sergt. Major Daniel Banta and Principal Musician Daniel Barrett stand pre-eminent.

The loss in the actions of December 11 and 13 was 75, and among these 6 commissioned officers, 5 of whom were the senior officers of the regiment. In consequence of this severe we were engaged, as I am unaware of the orders received by the several officers commanding the regiment.

I have the honor to be, you obedient servant,

JAMES G. DERRICKSON,

Adjutant, Commanding Sixty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant CHARLES P. HATCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-As the above report was hurriedly made out, the name of First Lieutenant George H. Ince, acting quartermaster of the regiment, was omitted among the names of officers mentioned for meritorious conduct. In the engagement of the 11th instant he acted well, and on the 13th instant fell in the ranks of the Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, and fought with them until he found his regiment.

No. 76. Reports of Colonel John R. Brooke, Fifty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

FALMOUTH, VA., December 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the substance of the occurrences through which my regiment passed during the recent battle of Fredericksburg:

On the morning of the 11th of December, we moved out of Falmouth before daylight, and, joining the brigade, were marched to a position near the Phillips house, where were remained all night. Early next morning we marched down to and over the bridge into Fredericksburg. Shortly after arriving at our assigned position in the town, the regiment was advanced as skirmishers, and, meeting the skirmishers of the enemy on the outskirts of the town, drove them back, losing 1 man

