
Owen's exposed to musketry, during this affair. Our loss, as estimated, was about 40 killed and 160 wounded in the two leading brigades.

On the morning of the 12th, I moved General Sully and Colonel Owen to the front, and took possession of the ridge near the town. Colonel Hawkins, of General Willcox's command, had crossed the lower bridge with a brigade the night before, and, in conjunction with my division, held the entire town at daybreak of the 12th. During the day I concentrated my command on the right, and placed them as much under cover as possible, and remained, picketing my front and right, till the 13th.

During the forenoon of the 13th, General Whipple relieved a part of my pickets. One regiment and two companies of another were detained to strengthen him without my knowledge at the time. Before the engagement commenced, General Couch carefully instructed me to hold my command in hand, and wait his orders either to move to the support of General Hancock or be sent elsewhere, as the exigencies of the day might demand.

At about 12.55 p.m. I was ordered to move to the right of Hancock and attack the works there, debouching on the right of the Plank road, where I had already located a company of sharpshooters, of General Sully's command, to pick off the enemy's cannoneers within range. This order was immediately countermanded by General Couch, and I was sent to support General Hancock. My command was moved out, Colonel Owen's brigade in front. He was ordered by me to cross the bridge over the mill-race, which is just outside of the town, moving on Hanover street by the flank, left in front. As soon as he reached a plowed field on the left of the road, he was to deploy and move forward in line of battle. This he did in fine style. He moved, without breaking his line, to the vicinity of a small brick house, where he halted, because unsupported, and, fearing he should lose ground, caused the men to lie down. He was now within 100 yards of the enemy's first line. I sent him word to hold what he had got, and to push forward the first opportunity, and not to fire, except when he had something to fire at. Colonel Hall, meanwhile, following Colonel Owen by the flank, was ordered by General Couch, both directly and through me, to deploy to the right of Hanover street, which he did. He made several bold attempts to storm the enemy's rifle-pits, but the concentrated fire of artillery and infantry was too much to carry men through. He kept what ground he got. I held General Sully in the outskirts of the town, ready to support or relieve either brigade. Colonel Hall sent for re-enforcements, stating that his ammunition was getting low. General Another of General Sully's was deployed on the left of the road, and afterward endeavored to re-enforce Colonel Owen.

This, then, was the condition of things at 4 p.m.: Owen extending from the road which prolonged Hanover street to General Willcox's command; Hall extending from the same road to the right. Now a brigade of General Humphreys' division formed in my rear. hazard's battery (Company B, Rhode Island Artillery) was sent forward across the mill-race, took position just in rear of Owen's line, and fired briskly. Captain Hazard's conduct was equal to anything I ever saw on a field of battle. With the loss of 16 men hors de combat, he drove up cowardly reluctant to help him move and serve his guns. General Humphreys desired him to cease firing, when the general gallantly led forward his men. They reached my line, a portion passed it a little, met a tremendous volley of musketry and grape, and fell back. One of my regiments,

