
the One hundred and twenty-seventh Pennsylvania, went with him. All were rallied at the mill-race ravine. As soon as the battery ceased it was withdrawn, as also was Captain Frank's New York Battery, which had followed Hazard's, and did good service near the same advanced ground.

After several ineffectual attempts to carry the enemy's works, darkness came on and the firing subsided. My division remained out to the front, and was not withdrawn until relieved by General Sykes, Hall, and Sully, about 12, and Owen reached his place in town about 2 a.m.

Again on the following night I was ordered to relieve General Sykes. I chose five regiments, and put them under command of Colonel Morgan, First Minnesota. In the night two companies of the Nineteenth Maine worked vigorously, and covered the regiments to the left of the road with rifle-pits for their skirmishers.

About 1 p.m. on the 15th, the enemy opened a new battery on the right of the picket line, and drove some two or three regiments from their position. Nearly all communication with the town was cut off by sharpshooters, but brave men of the Eighty-second New York and First California reoccupied all the important points, and held them until relieved.

I received orders from General Couch, on the night of the 15th, to commence some works to protect the troops against shells. A small party had broken the ground, under direction of General Sully, when, between 8 and 9 p.m., orders came to relieve my working party and move across the river. As soon as my picket regiments had joined their brigades, they were moved to their old camp, near Falmouth.

For gallantry, steadiness under fire, and constancy, I commend my division. I honor the fallen and sympathize with the wounded. The officers have cordially co-operated with me and the men have done nobly. I will mention but few, leaving the rest to brigade commanders, whose commendations I heartily indorse.

Colonel Hall, of the Seventh Michigan, commanding the Third Brigade, has been warmly recommended by General Sedgwick and myself. Again let me show him as a man who cannot be outdone on the battle-field. His horse was killed under him.

It is unnecessary to call attention to General Sully, always cool, and especially so at the late battle, where he received a slight wound.

I call attention to Captain Arnold, who commanded Tompkins' battery (A), Rhode Island Artillery. He had a good position, near Hanover street, in the suburbs, and used his rifled guns effectively in silencing different batteries of the enemy.

My adjutant-general and aides did everything possible to assist me, and neither shrank from exposure. Their horses were wounded,but themselves unhurt, except Lieutenant C. H. Howard, who had a slight wound in the leg.

Lieuts. H. N. Stinson and A. T. Atwood are highly commended by the brigade commanders for their fearless conduct under fire.

Captain Whittlesey accompanied me to the front to cheer each regimen just as the action closed on the evening of the 13th.

Lieutenant Steele, ordnance officer, showed diligence in keeping the artillery and infantry supplied with ammunition during the action.

