
Captain Batchelder, quartermaster, and Captain Smith, commissary of subsistence, promptly brought up supplies when required.

The adjutant and aides of General Couch met me with clear and definite orders from himself, which I endeavored to fulfill.

I met General French just before the action, and consulted with him and with General Hancock just as I pushed in my first and second brigades. His suggestions enabled me to take my position for his support, and for the relief of his decimated command.

Herewith I send a nominal list of the killed, wounded, and missing. Aggregate loss in the division: Officers killed, 8; enlisted men killed, 102; officers wounded, 56; enlisted men wounded, 634, and missing, 77. Total, 877.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff, Second Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, December 19, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the Seventh Michigan passed over not far from 3 p.m. The Nineteenth Massachusetts followed immediately, at about 3.30 p.m., it having been necessary for the boats to cross twice with the Seventh Michigan. The boats crossed three times to carry over the Nineteenth. The bridge was commenced after the Nineteenth had crossed, and completed at sunset, about 4.30. The Twentieth followed the Nineteenth in boats before the bridge was completed. No other regiments crossed in boats.

A company of sharpshooters, Captain Plumer's, from General Sully's command, covered the crossing from this bank.

The Seventh Michigan lost 1 officer and 2 men killed and Lieutenant-Colonel Baxter and 13 men wounded.

The Nineteenth Massachusetts having lost two regimental commanders, it cannot be ascertained with certainty what its losses were in that affair separate from the battles following. Colonel Hall thinks there were about 10 killed and about 28 wounded.

The Twentieth Massachusetts lost 1 officer and 19 men killed and 4 officers and 73 men wounded.

Total loss, 2 officers and 31 men killed and 5 officers and 114 men wounded.

The Fifty-ninth New York first crossed the bridge at sunset, and lost 1 officer killed and 3 wounded, and 3 men killed and 19 wounded.

The latter regiment should be embraced with the others. It is impossible to separate those killed and wounded in actual crossing from those killed and wounded in the fight on the shore. I embrace the whole affair on the evening of the 11th with reference to these regiments. It should be remembered that Colonel Owen's brigade was also engaged in the fight on other streets on the left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.130.

---------------

