HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, December 19, 1862.

MAJOR:I have the honor to recommend, for promotion to brigadier-generals of volunteers, Colonel Norman J. Hall, Seventh Michigan, Colonel J. T. Owen, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania, and Colonel T. G. Morehead, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania.

These officers have been recommended before for the same positions. In the late battles near Fredericksburg they have fully sustained their record.

I think the Seventh Michigan Regiment, as also the Nineteenth and Twentieth Massachusetts, deserve honorable and public mention for gallantry in crossing the river and securing a foot-hold in the town of Fredericksburg on the evening of the 11th instant.

Very respectfully,O. O. HOWARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

No. 78. Report of Captain William A. Arnold, Battery A, First Rhode Island Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that I assumed command of this battery on the morning of the 13th instant, in the streets of Fredericksburg. The first section, under the command of Lieutenant Dwight, was ordered to the front, and put in position about 1 p.m., with orders to direct the fire of his guns on the batteries of the enemy then enfilading on infantry with their fire. The section was put into position in the back part of the city, between two houses. About 2 p.m. I received orders to move up, with the rest of the battery I put in position, on the left of the first section, by order of the chief of artillery, with orders to fire upon the rifle-pits of the enemy, and support an attacking column of our infantry, I think, under General Hancock. I opened with spherical case shot, and fired rapidly until our troops fell back. I then fired only at stated intervals at the rifle-pits, until about 4 p.m., when I saw a body of the enemy's infantry on the hill behind the rifle-pits. I fired on them until they disappeared. Shortly after, the enemy opened fire upon me from a battery on the same hill, to which I replied, firing slowly and carefully until dark, when the firing ceased. Remained in position all night.

On the morning of the 14th, did not fire until fired upon by the enemy with a 30-pounder Parrott gun, a solid shot from which struck a limber, smashing the ammunition box, hounds, one wheel, killing 2 horses, and wounding a driver. I replied, and, after firing a few rounds, the fire of the enemy ceased. I also ceased firing, and did not fire again during the day. Soon after discovered that the axle-tree of one of my gun carriages was broken. I sent the carriage back over the river to have it repaired. It was not repaired in time to join the battery on that side of the river. Remained in position all night.

