
On the 15th, did not fire a gun. Remained in position all day. Was not fired upon by the enemy.

Received orders about 9 p.m. to cross the river and park near the Lacy house. I sent the caissons ahead, and followed soon after with the pieces. Just before the head of the column reached the bridge, the axle-tree of the leading piece broke, letting the gun fall upon the ground. The gun was at once slung under the limber and brought over, leaving the carriage until I could send for it. After parking the battery, a detachment of men was sent after the carriage, and it was brought over.

On the morning of the 16th, marched back to old camp, occupied by the battery before the engagement.

Officers and men behaved splendidly. Where all did so well, it is impossible to particularize. Below please find a list of loss of men, horses, and material; also of ammunition expended.*

* * * * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. ALBERT ARNOLD,

Captain, Commanding Battery A, First Rhode Island Artillery.

Captain E. WHITTLESEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 79. Report of Captain John G. Hazard, Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on Wednesday, 10th instant, I received orders to put my battery in light marching order preparatory to removing early on the following day.

At daybreak on the morning of the 11th instant, received orders form Captain C. H. Morgan, Fourth Artillery, chief of artillery, Second Corps, to move my command toward the Rappahannock, halting in rear of the Lacy house, under cover of a hill. At 9.30 a.m. was ordered to report to Colonel C. H. Thompkins, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, and placed my battery in position on the bluff to the right of the Lacy house, overlooking the city of Fredericksburg. During the day I expended 384 rounds of solid shot upon the enemy's sharpshooters, rifle-pits, and covers, lining the opposite bank of river. At dark I withdrew my battery, by orders of Captain Morgan, about, 1,000 yards, and went into park.

On the morning of the 12th, at 6 o'clock, I received orders from Captain Morgan to cross the river with my battery and report to General Howard. Crossed the river at 7 a.m., and formed in column of sections on the bank near the river. I remained in this position until 10 a.m. of the 13th, when I moved out, by orders of General Howard, in column of pieces on Caroline street. At 3.45 I received orders from Captain Morgan to take my battery (with the guns to the front) on the double-quick and place them in position on an eminence some 150 or 200 yards in front of the enemy's rifle-pits. I placed the center and left sections on the brow of the hill, and the right section in the road, about 30 yards

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 2 enlisted men wounded, 3 horses killed; 1 wheel, 1 limber, and 1 gun carriage lost or destroyed; 707 spherical case and 30 percussion shells expended.

---------------

