
in advance of the other sections, and opened on the enemy with solid shot from the center and left sections and shells from the right. I continued firing with rapidity for forty-five minutes, when General Humphreys requested me to cease firing, that he might charge through my battery with his brigade on the enemy's work. After the infantry passed, I withdrew my battery, by order of Captain Morgan, to my old position in the city. Before getting in battery, and during the engagement, I sustained a loss of 16 men and 12 battery horses; also the horses of Lieutenants Bloodgood, Milne, and my own were shot. Owing to the loss of my horses, I was forced to leave one limber on the field, and withdrew the left piece of the left section by hand. After arriving in my old position, I asked if any sergeant would volunteer to go back and bring the limber from the field. Sergt. Anthony B. Horton was the first to reply, and said, " I am your man, " and succeeded in bringing it in.

On the morning of the 14th, at 9 a.m., by order of Captain Morgan, I recrossed the river and reported to General Hunt, and went into park in rear of the Lacy house. I remained in that position until 12 m. of the 15th, when I returned to my old camp, near Falmouth, by order of Captain Morgan, and reported to General Howard.*

* * * * * * *

In conclusion, I would respectfully beg leave to allude to the bravery and endurance of my men, not a man quitting his post on the field.

As to the conduct of my officers, Lieutenant Adams, Bloodgood, Perrin, and Milne, I will only say I am proud to have associated with me such gallant and self-possessed officers.

I am, captain, your very obedient servant,

JOHN G. HAZARD,

Captain First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Commanding Company B.

Captain E. WHITTLESEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 80. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Sully, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent action at Fredericksburg:

Agreeably to orders from the division headquarters, I moved my brigade from camp, at about 6.30 a.m. on December 11, toward Fredericksburg, in the following order: Thirty-fourth and Eighty-second New York Volunteers, Fifteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, and First Minnesota Volunteers; in all, including officers, 2,211 strong.

After marching about 2 miles, we were halted, by orders, under a hill in front of Fredericksburg. Two companies of the Nineteenth Maine were detached, under Major Cunningham, to support a battery on this side of the river. We remained in our position until near sunset, waiting the placing of a pontoon bridge. Subsequently we crossed, under a fire of the enemy, and occupied the city.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties, omitted, shows 16 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

