
especially notice the Nineteenth Regiment Maine Volunteers, who for the first time smelt gunpowder, and apparently did not dislike the smell of it.

My thanks are due to Captain McCallum, my acting assistant adjutant-general, and my aide, Lieutenant King. The first was severely wounded in the action of the 12th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain E. WHITTLESEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 81. Report of Colonel Frederick D. Sewall, Nineteenth Maine Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of this regiment during the engagement in and near Fredericksburg since the 11th instant:

In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, Companies B and D, under command of Major Cunningham, were detached to support a battery on the north bank of the river. The balance of the regiment moved with the brigade and participated in the movements of the army under the direction and eye of the general.

In the action of Saturday, the regiment took position at 2.30 p.m., near the mill on the extreme right, and occupied this position until 12.30 a.m. of the 14th, when it was relieved by a battalion of United States infantry.

The loss in my regiment was 10 wounded and 7 missing.

I desire particularly to call the attention of the general to the conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Heath. He commanded the regiment from Sunday morning until its return to camp, and during those and the previous days evinced a coolness and firmness worthy of especial commendation. I also commend Lieutenant Haskell, my adjutant, for good conduct and bravery under fire.

Mr. Palmer, my chaplain, deserves to be mentioned for assiduously attending the regiment and caring for the wounded. All the line officer behaved well. Should I particularize, perhaps I might to injustice to some.

Dr. Billings was detached for duty at the division hospital, but rendered valuable assistance in the regiment as opportunity offered. Dr. Levensaler, assistant surgeon, was prompt and efficient in his proper duties.

The companies detached to support batteries have not yet been relieved, and no report has been received from the officer commanding that detachment.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. D. SEWALL,

Colonel Nineteenth Maine Volunteers.

Captain McCALLUM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

