
9 o'clock the next morning. The brigade then took up its line of march, the Fifteenth leading, and halted, the right resting on the railroad, and there remained until 8 p.m., when we received orders to report to Colonel Morgan, of the First Minnesota. We marched to the front and relieved a battalion of regulars, our right resting on the left of the First Minnesota, all resting on the left of the road.

During the night the regiment was occupied in throwing up rifle-pits and all of the next day was kept close to the ground by the enemy's sharpshooters and batteries, which wounded many of our men. We were not relieved from picket, but were ordered by the general commanding the brigade to report back to our old camp.

The regiment lost in killed, 5; wounded, 25; missing, 2. Among the wounded were Adjt. J. Harris Hooper and Lieutenant Bradley.

This report includes the commands of Captain Watson, Major Philbrick, and Captain Murkland.

All of which is respectfully submitted to brigade headquarters.

CHARLES H. WATSON,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

No. 83. Report of Captain William Plumer, First Company Massachusetts Sharpshooters.

[DECEMBER --, 1862.]

The company was detached from the Fifteenth Regiment December 11, and ordered to the front, to protect the engineer corps in laying the pontoon bridge. This service they attended to. On the passage of the river they accompanied the Fifteenth, and encamped with them at night.

Next morning, at 4 o'clock, was ordered to the extreme front on picket duty. The company was again detached from the Fifteenth about 11 o'clock, and ordered on special duty, as sharpshooters, to pick off the enemy's artillerists, and kept up so continued and effective a fire on the enemy as to engage nearly the entire attention of one of his batteries during the afternoon. At night were ordered on picket duty again.

Next morning (Sunday), our ammunition being almost exhausted, were relieved from duty by General Sully.

Monday morning, having replenished ammunition, a detachment of the company under my command was posted in front of the Gordon house, to support the Rhode Island battery, and remained there until evening. Not being able, after repeated inquiries, to find General Sully, I reported to General Humphreys as ready for any duty required, and was requested by him, unless otherwise ordered, to report at the Gordon house again the next morning. At 12 o'clock received orders to cross the river. Did so, and returned immediately to the former camp of the company.

Every member of the company present and fit for duty faithfully did his duty, especially Sergeant Clements, acting as orderly. Robert Wilson was slightly wounded by a shell. James N. Archer is reported as missing. The above is all the loss the company suffered.

WILLIAM PLUMER,

Captain First Company Massachusetts Sharpshooters.

