
doubtless, saved many men on the day following, when the enemy poured upon them a terrible fire, both from the front and enfilading from our right flank. This fire at one time came with such vigor and severity that three regiments upon our right fled from their position, leaving the right flank of my command completely exposed.

The conduct of my command at this trying moment is a matter of pride to me. The line officers behaved admirably, setting an example of coolness and courage which was scarcely needed by the men. Not a man showed any inclination to follow the example of those who fled.

About 9 p.m. of the 15th instant, we were relieved from picket, and, after a rest of about one hour, marched across the river again, reaching this camp about midnight.

The casualties sustained by my command during the above detailed operations were: Wounded, 2 commissioned officers and 10 enlisted men; missing, 2 enlisted men. Several others received slight wounds, but not such as to disable them for duty. The conduct of both officers and men upon all occasions was eminently praiseworthy.

I omitted to state that on the 13th, while the regiment was supporting Kirby's battery, one company (F) was detached from it, being on outposts duty still farther to the right.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. N. MORGAN,

Colonel First Minnesota Volunteers.

Captain JOHN J. McCALLUM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 85. Report of Colonel James A. Suiter, Thirty-fourth New York Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I would submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the movements from the 11th to 16th instant:

I received orders to march at 6.30 a.m. on the 11th. We marched to within about three-quarters of a mile of Fredericksburg, where we halted in rear of a high point of land until about 5 p.m.; were then moved forward to the river,and immediately crossed over under a severe fire of shell from rebel batteries on the heights beyond the city, and from musketry from rebel troops in the city. Having gained the opposite side, my regiment was moved to the right of the road on the river, protected by a high bank, the men lying down. Three of my companies were sent to picket the street at my right, with orders to closely watch the movements of the enemy.

At daylight, I moved my regiment on the first street running parallel with the river; was halted here for a few hours; was then moved to a position on Princess Anne street, sending one company to picket at our near the house on the bluff at the extreme right of the city, the enemy occasionally shelling us from their position on the heights beyond the city.

On the morning of the 13th, I was ordered to the front to support the troops then engaged with the enemy. I was ordered to put my regiment in position near the graveyard, on the outskirts of the city. We

