
lay in this position but a few minutes, when I was ordered to leave for another position. This was accomplished with the loss of but 1 man-Lieutenant Ransom, mortally wounded by the explosion of a shell. We moved to the left until we gained the street leading to the battle-field. In moving down this street, I lost 1 man killed.

Having gained a point, we moved by the right flank over the field on the right of the road, until we gained the hill, and took a position at the base at about 4 p.m., my line being the third, the fighting at this time becoming severe in front and to the left of my line.

About 5 p.m. General Tyler's brigade came upon the field with loud cheers. This attracting the attention of the enemy, they opened upon my line with shell, killing and wounding many of my command. General Sully, coming upon the field at this time, caused this brigade to again move off, which they did, in great confusion, by command of General Sully. I now moved my regiment to a position in rear of the brick tannery, my right resting near the Plank road. When it became dark, I threw one of my companies on the right of the road, forming a line of pickets in front of the rifle-pits of the enemy.

At about 3 a.m. I was relieved by the Fourth Regular Infantry. I returned to the city and took a position on Princess Anne street about 4 a.m., lying in this position until 9 a.m.

On the morning of the 14th, by order, I again moved my command to near the railroad. Lay here until about 1 p.m., when I was ordered to Fauquier street, and took position upon the west side of the street. Lay here until about 5 p.m., when I was ordered to my former position, near the railroad.

At 7 p.m. detailed 75 men for fatigue duty to throw up earthworks. Being absent about one hour, they returned to the regiment, the work having been abandoned. At about 10 p.m. received an order to again fall in and return to this camp, which was accomplished, arriving at about 2 p.m. on the 16th. My loss this time was 3 killed, 12 wounded, and 18 missing.

I take great pleasure in stating that my command behaved most gallantly during the whole time they were under the terrific fire from the enemy's batteries, not a man leaving the ranks.

I would also state that some cowardly members of a regiment, unknown, abandoned their colors, which were recovered by Captain Northup, of my regiment, and saved the disgrace of falling into the hands of the enemy.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SUITER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. H. PELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 86. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James Huston, Eighty-second New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 291, this regiment reported promptly to General Sully, at this headquarters, at 6 o'clock on

