
the morning of the 11th instant, and marched with the division to within a short distance of the Rappahannock River, opposite Fredericksburg, where we remained in shelter of the rising ground until near sunset, when we passed over the pontoon bridge to that city, and took position with the brigade on the vacant ground near the river brink. Here we had 1 man slightly wounded by a rifle bullet, a current of which the enemy were pouring from the houses on the advancing regiments as they passed the bridge and marched into the streets.

At daybreak of Friday, the 12th instant, we were advanced and ordered by our general to take possession of the elevated ground on which stands the unfinished monument to the mother of Washington. Under the personal supervision and special directions of our general, we accomplished this without any casualties, and places vedettes on a line as far forward as the monument, extending along the brow of the heights next the enemy, with a line of pickets and supports in their rear, and our reserve at the base of the height next the city. During the day the enemy's intrenched artillery kept throwing shot and shell over and into our lines of pickets and reserves without any effect on us, except killing 1 and wounding 2 or our reserves by a shell that exploded over our heads.

At about 12 m. General Patrick came to our reserve, and inquired if it were possible for us to get to a paper mill, situated in the hollow ground on the right of where we were placed, to turn off the water from the upper canal, by raising the mill sluice. The enemy's pickets were placed around this mill, but Captain T. Cummings, with his company (H), drove them back and turned off the water. The coolness and promptitude with which this was done is, I think, very creditable to Captain Cummings and his command. At 8 p.m. we were relieved by the First Regiment Minnesota Volunteers, and retired to a street in the rear of this position.

On Sunday afternoon we received order to march to the lower end of the city, in the rear of which active firing had been going on for some time previous. We halted in a yard, and two of our companies (K and G) were detached and sent to support a battery near the house of Mrs. Hemingham Harrison. We were then marched to the right of the field, where the action was going on, and took position without attracting the attention of the enemy's artillery, until a brigade came on the ground in our rear in rather noisy manner, and making a good deal of display before they were in a position to do any service. This drew on us an enfilading fire from a battery of the enemy, intrenched, but which we lost 4 killed and 7 wounded.

At about 1 a.m. of Sunday, we were relieved by the Fourth Regiment U. S. Infantry, and returned to our former position, at the right of our line, opposite the monument. Shortly after 10 o'clock on Sunday morning, we were marched to the railway, on Princess Anne street, where we remained until Monday afternoon, when we were ordered to march toward the village under the enemy's works. Here we were posted under the personal supervision of General Sully, as follows: Our four right companies were placed in and around a house at the top of where the road descends to the village; our two left companies to support a battery on the next street toward our right, and the remaining two companies to take possession of an hold a house that had been deserted by those troops who had been ordered to occupy it previously. The enemy's pickets were in close proximity to the house, and were firing on every one who crossed any of the avenues leading to it, but Lieutenants Murphy and Huggins (who have never failed in the execution of an order), with

