
5 men from Company I, took possession of the house, and were soon joined by Company C, who held the house until they were relived, at about 8 p.m. The occupying of this house was the most hazardous undertaking we had to perform. The lieutenant-colonel commanding the regiment feels grateful to Lieutenants Murphy and Huggins for the accomplishment of it.

At about 10 o'clock on Monday night we recrossed the Rappahannock with the brigade, and, in accordance with orders, encamped at this point.

Very respectfully,

JAMES HUSTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-second New York Volunteers.

Captain JOHN J. McCALLUM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 87. Report of Colonel Joshua T. Owen, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, December 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders from division headquarters, I moved my brigade, at 6.30 a.m. on the 11th instant, in the direction of General Sumner's headquarters.

After reaching a designated point, where my column would be covered from the enemy's fire, I halted until 3 p.m. By orders from General Howard, I moved my column in the rear of Colonel Hall's, and crossed the river at about 4 p.m., under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. Taking position upon the left of the bridge and prolonging my line of battle upon the banks of the river, I deployed skirmishers to the left and front, and moved forward to take possession of the town simultaneously with Colonel Hall, who had taken position on the right of the bridge.

The streets perpendicular to my line were enfiladed by squads of sharpshooters and the enemy's batteries located upon the hill. The houses and churches contiguous to my route were filled with sharpshooters, which rendered great caution necessary. Much time was therefore expended, and but little progress made, before darkness rendered further operations injudicious.

After dislodging most of the sharpshooters, and advancing as far as Caroline street, I established my pickets and directed the regiment to sleep on their arms.

Men and officers of the brigade deserve much credit for the gallantry with which they discharged their several duties, and I desire to especially mention Captain Charles H. Banes, Company E, Seventy-second Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Robert Templeton, Company E, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Michael Duffy, Company I, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain Paul J. Hallowell, Company B, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who commanded the skirmishers, for the judicious and successful management of their men, and the rapidity with which they dislodged the enemy.

Twenty-one prisoners were captured, most of whom belonged to the

