
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, December 5, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

Considering the perils attending such an expedition, the boldness of its inception was no less creditable to the parties concerned than was its brilliant execution. I commend Major Waller's command to the favorable notice of the general. The expedition was proposed and planned by Colonel Beale some days ago.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 5, 1862.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the communication of General W. H. F. Lee of the attack of Major [John] Pelham upon the enemy's gunboats in the Rappahannock, and inclosing the report of Colonel R. L. T. Beale of the expedition of a portion of his regiment, under Major [T.] Waller, across that river.* The boldness of Colonel Beale's plan was equalled by the success of its execution, and reflects great credit upon himself and the officers and men engaged. Major Pelham and his men deserve great credit for the manner in which they co-operated in the attack of General Hill's battery upon the gunboats. I beg you to express to all the officers and men my gratification and appreciation of their services.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

DECEMBER 2, 1862.-Capture of Union pickets near Dumfries, Va.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General George D. Bayard, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Karge, First New Jersey Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General George D. Bayard, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

CAMP NEAR BROOKE'S STATION, December 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the evening of December 2, the picket post of Second Lieutenant Jacob H. Hoffman, First New Jersey Cavalry, composed of 14 men, was surprised by a drunken party of the enemy's cavalry. The loss, 6 men and Lieutenant Hoffman, 16 horses, 15 sabers,

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 29, Headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, February 28, 1863, in "Confederate Correspondence, etc., "p.1114.

---------------

