
their officers who distinguished themselves, and will close my report by expressing my obligations to Colonels Baxter and Morehead and Lieutenant-Colonel O'Kane for their valuable assistance; to their field and staff officers and their line officers for the promptness with which all my orders were obeyed, and to my assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Ferdinand M. Pleis, and to two aides-de-camp, Lieutenant Eneas Dougherty and Robert S. Seabury, for their intelligent and prompt conveyance to different points of such orders as were issued.

I desire also to speak of the conduct of this veteran brigade, which has borne a distinguished part in nine general engagements. It is entitled to, and I trust will received, that consideration which its long service and uniform good conduct merits.

Permit me to speak in the highest terms of the First Rhode Island Battery, and to thank Captain Hazard, his officers, and men for their timely, bold, and efficient services in my support.

I desire to return my thanks to Lieutenants Stinson and Atwood, on the general's staff, for their intelligent conveyance to me of General Howard's orders under the most trying and perilous circumstances.

In conlusion, permit me to express thankfulness to God for the comparatively small loss of men and officers which I suffered.

The loss in the brigade was 27 killed, 209 wounded, and 29 missing. Total, 265.*

I remain, yours, respectfully,

JOSHUA T. OWEN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. WHITTLESEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 88. Report of Colonel Turner G. Morehead, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTH PENNSYLVANIA Regiment,SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 18, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance to orders, I marched, on the morning of the 11th instant, to a point near Fredericksburg, Va. At about 5.30 p.m. I crossed over the Rappahannock under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry. We immediately formed in line of battle on the left of the bridge. While forming the line we were considerably annoyed by sharpshooters on the left of us. Company B was detached to act as skirmishers, and clear the street to front and left. Shortly afterward Company G, was detailed as a support to Company B. There was considerable firing for some time, but the companies detached, in connection with one company of the Seventy-second Regiment, finally succeeded in clearing the streets. About 20 prisoners were taken, and ten rebel main bags, which I immediately forwarded to your headquarters. The regiment bivouacked for the night upon the ground of their line.

On the morning of the 12th instant, I marched my command to and formed in the second, or Caroline, street, where we remained under arms during the day.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.130.

---------------

