
The morning of the 13th instant found us again under arms. About 12.30, in pursuance of orders, we marched to the front, where the battle was already raging. When within about 400 yards of the enemy's works, our line of battle was formed, under a very heavy fire of musketry and artillery, the Seventy-second Pennsylvania Regiment being on our left and the Sixty-ninth on our right. We then moved forward in line, and took possession of a slight elevation, within about 80 yards of the first line of battle of the rebels. Their first line was at the base of the hill behind a stone wall; their second line was immediately above the first, on the crest of a very steep hill; consequently, we were exposed to the fire of their two lines. The proximity of our line to the hill sheltered us from the fire of the rebel artillery, as they could not depress their pieces sufficiently to bring them to bear upon us. Their musketry fire soon told heavily upon us, and, unless wounded, not a man left his place in the line. We remained in this position until 11 o'clock in the night, when we were relieved by the Second Regiment U. S. Infantry. The command was then marched to the quarters they occupied the night previous.

At daybreak on the morning of the 14th instant, the regiment was again under arms, and remained so during the day.

On Monday, the 15th instant, the regiment remained under arms until about 6 p.m., when it was detailed for fatigue duty, with orders to report to division headquarters. While engaged in throwing up a redoubt, the order was countermarched,and the regiment was marched to its quarters. Shortly afterward, pursuant to orders, we recrossed the Rappahannock, and arrived at camp about 2 a.m.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon officers and men of my command for their unwavering courage and gallant conduct during the whole of this trying period. They did their duty well, and what more can be said?

I cannot but refer to the gallant conduct of my entire field and staff. My confidence in Lieutenant-Colonel Curry and Major Stover, by their cool and daring courage, and their unexceptionable deportment, is only increased, if possible. Asst. Surg. H. D. McLean, fully alive to the importance of his position, was always to be found alleviating the sufferings of the dying and wounded. I am also much indebted to acting adjutant, Lieutenant J. C. Biggs, and Sergeant-Major Hagy for their invaluable services.

Below you will please find the number of the killed, wounded, and missing:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Officers	 ---	 9	 ---	 9

Men	 5	 60	 4	 69

Total	 5	 69	 4	 78

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. MOREHEAD,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Regiment.

Lieutenant F. N. PLEIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

