
and men of this brigade, while under my command, in the late battles. Lieutenants Stinson, aide-de-camp to General Howard, was sent to me for staff duty, and fearlessly carried my orders during the thickets of the fight. To him and to the officers of this brigade staff, Captain William B. Leach, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant William F. Milton, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant C. P. Abbott, aide-de-camp, and Captain Crombargar, commissary of subsistence, I owe both my thanks and the most honorable mention for the zealous performance of all their duties.

I have the honor to inclose lists of killed, wounded, and missing, and a tabular statement.*

Very respectfully,

N. J. HALL,

Colonel Seventh Michigan, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. WHITTLESEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 90. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Northedge, Fifty-ninth New York Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: We left our camp, near Belle Plain, at 3 p.m. on December 10, and bivouacked east of the Telegraph road.

At dawn the following morning we resumed our march, and soon after joined the other regiments of the brigade. Taking place in line as fourth regiment, we continued our march toward the river, until we reached a point immediately in rear of the artillery opposite Fredericksburg. Here we remained, disposed in column by regiments, until 3 o'clock, when the pontoon bridge was completed. Just before nightfall we crossed the river and relieved the Twentieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, in the street running directly from the bridge to the enemy's works.

After a fight of an hour and three-quarters, we obtained possession of the first two blocks of the city form the river, taking the latter by two bayonet charges. Having accomplished our object, we discontinued our fire upon the enemy, who soon after, in this particular, imitated our example.

Our loss in this engagement was 1 officer killed, 3 officers wounded; 3 enlisted men killed, and 19 enlisted men wounded.

In this position we remained until the next morning, December 12, when we were relieved by the Fifteenth Maine [Massachusetts?] Volunteers, and withdrawn to the bridge; but soon after we were again advanced to this position to make room for other troops, then arriving front he north side of the river.

At 10 o'clock that night we were ordered on reserve picket to the left of the Nineteenth Maine Volunteers.

The next morning, at 9 o'clock, we were withdrawn again to the bridge, where we remained until 12.30 p.m. Thence we marched with the brigade to the rear of the city, toward the enemy's works. Line of battle was formed on the right of the highway, under cover of the crest of a hill. The third regiment in line, we advanced with the brigade to attack the enemy behind his intrenchments, and charged upon him twice. At the second charge we reached a point less than 100 yards

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.130.

---------------

