
The line of skirmishers was composed of the Fourth and Eighth Ohio and First Delaware Regiments. Colonel Mason directed its operations with great judgment and bravery. After General Kimball was wounded, Colonel Mason conducted the First Brigade. The Third Brigade (Max Weber's), under command of Colonel Andrews, First Delaware, was composed of the Fourth and Tenth New York, with the One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania. The Second Brigade, under the command of Colonel O. H. Palmer, consisted of the Fourteenth Connecticut, One hundred and eighth New York, and One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania. These brave commands were put into action under a terrible fire, and moved forward in the positions I had assigned to them. The battery of light 12-pounders, Company G, First New York Artillery, commanded by Captain John D. Frank, and Battery G, First Rhode Island Artillery, commanded by Captain Charles D. Owen, were more immediately under the command of corps chief of artillery, and performed most active and efficient service.

I call to the special notice of the general commanding the gallant conduct of Colonel H. I. Zinn, One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania Volunteers. This officer, conspicuous for his valor at Antietam, was killed while carrying the colors of his regiment to the front, after the standard-bearer had fallen. Colonel Wisewell, Twenty-eighth New Jersey, was severely wounded, bravely leading his regiment; Colonel MacGregor, Fourth New York, distinguished in previous battles, was also wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Perkins and Major Clark, Fourteenth Connecticut, were both wounded while leading their men, and Colonel Bendix, Tenth New York, and Colonel Snider, Seventh [West] Virginia, were struck down while exhibiting an example of intrepidity under a murderous fire.

The list of killed and wounded of my division is the evidence of where it was. Officers and men nobly did their duty under circumstances such as few battle-fields have ever presented.

My personal staff, First Lieutenant Joseph W. Plume, New Jersey, and First Lieutenant William H. French, jr., Rhode Island, aides-de-camp, communicated my orders intelligently and calmly. Lieutenant Russell, Tenth New York, aide-de-camp, appointed on the field, I have to thank for the manner he performed that duty.

Surgeon Grant organized his hospital with distinguished ability, and was indefatigable in the discharge of his onerous duties. Under no circumstances have I noticed the wounded more skillfully or rapidly relieved.

Captain Buntin, acting division quartermaster; Captain Queen, assistant commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant Hale, Fourteenth Connecticut, ordnance officer, conducted their respective departments with energy and zeal.

In the absence of Brigadier-General Kimball and Colonel Andrews, First Delaware, commanders of brigades, their reports cannot be supplied. Colonel Palmer's report is inclosed, together with the reports of regimental commanders, to which I respectfully invite the attention of the general commanding. Lists of killed and wounded also accompany this report.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Second Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.131.

---------------

