
No. 92. Report of Captain John D. Frank, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, during the action of the 13th instant, one section of my battery of six light 12-pounder guns, under command of First Lieutenant Nelson Ames, was posted at the head of a street in rear of the division, firing a few rounds, without any marked effect, its position being much lower than the one occupied by the enemy's batteries, and within easy range of his rifled guns, consequently unnecessarily exposed, it was, by order of the general commanding the division, withdrawn, and placed under cover in the adjoining street, but held command of First Lieutenant S. A. McClellan and Second Lieutenant George F. McKnight, remained inactive until 4 p.m., when I received an order from General Hooker to report to him with my battery. Being unable to acquaint my commanding general with this order, and fearing that he might possibly require the services of one section, I advanced my center and left sections to a position about 400 yards west of Fredericksburg, on a slight elevation, where, under a heavy fire of infantry and artillery, my center section opened, with marked effect, on the enemy's batteries with solid shot and shell, while the left section, using spherical case, greatly disconcerted the fire of the enemy's line of infantry, about 600 yards in front of it. During this action my battery sustained a loss of 1 man killed and 5 wounded, one of the latter mortally. The loss in horses consists of 3 killed and 3 wounded.

I am under great obligations to my officers and men for their coolness displayed while working their pieces under a heavy and concentrated fire of musketry and artillery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. FRANK,

Captain First New York Light Artillery, Commanding Company G.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 93. Report of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience, to your orders, I moved my command, on the morning of the 11th instant, at daybreak, from the camp of the division to the front, opposite Fredericksburg, and halted at 8 o'clock in a ravine near the railroad, to the right of General Sumner's headquarters.

At 3 p.m. I moved to the bank of the river, near the Lacy house, expecting to cross,but at sundown, being them under fire from the enemy's batteries, I was ordered back, and bivouacked on the hill about half a mile from the river, for the night.

At sunrise on the morning of the 12th, I was ordered forward again,

19 R R-VOL XXI

