
My chaplain, Rev. E. H. Sabin, is entitled to great credit for his earnest, energetic, and valuable services in superintending, by the direction of our brigade surgeon, one of the principal hospitals of the city and in removing the wounded over the river.

Respectfully,

E. H. C. CAVINS,

Major, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 96. Report of Colonel William B. Robertson, Twenty-fourth New Jersey Infantry.

CAMP KNIGHT, VA., December 18, 1862.

COLONEL: In accordance with circular of this date from headquarters, I have the honor to report:

That on Wednesday, the 10th instant, I received orders to have 60 rounds of cartridges and three days' cooked rations issued to all the men and officers of my command, excepting the sick and hospital attendants, and to have the command awakened at 4 o'clock the next morning, and to be ready to march at 6.30 o'clock.

On Thursday, the 11th, being all ready at the time appointed, we marched to a point opposite Fredericksburg, where, under the shelter of the hill, we remained until evening, when we were marched to a wood near by, where we bivouacked for the night.

On Friday, the 12th, we were marched across the pontoon bridge into Fredericksburg and remained under arms in Caroline street until dusk, when we were ordered to quarter in the vacant buildings in the vicinity, with orders to be ready to march at daybreak the following morning. On this evening four companies of the regiment were detailed for picket duty.

On Saturday, the 13th, we were formed on Caroline street and remained under arms until 11.40., when we were marched, following the Seventh [West] Virginia Regiment our of town to the base of a hill just back of the town, and there halted, and the men ordered by Brigadier-General Kimball to disencumber themselves of their blankets and shelter tents, and to place a guard over them. This being done, we were marched to the top of the hill in line of battle, where a fence intervening and interrupting our farther progress, the men were ordered to lie down and shelter themselves from the galling fire of the enemy, and where they continued firing until all their ammunition was expended. A large portion remained there until dusk, when I gathered together what I could find of the regiment and marched them back into the city.

On Sunday, the 14th, we remained under arms on the banks of the river.

On Monday, the 15th, we were still on the banks of the river under arms, and received orders, at about 7.30 p.m., to recross the river, when we returned to our old encampment, which we reached during the night.

I regret to report the death, in the early part of the engagement, of First Lieutenant John O. Crowell, of Company I, a gallant young officer, who

