
shot and shell, and continued in action until near dark. Officers and men conducted themselves well.

After the fight we gathered our regiment together near the river, where we lay Sunday and Monday, December 14 and 15, and on Monday night, at 9 o'clock, we recrossed the river and marched to our present encampment.

E. A. L. ROBERTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-eighth Regiment New Jersey Vols.

Colonel JOHN S. MASON,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 98. Report of Captain Gordon A. Stewart, Fourth Ohio Infantry.

DECEMBER 18, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with circular from corps headquarters, this day received, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry from the 10th instant to the 15th:

On the morning of the 11th of December, the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under command of Colonel John S. Mason, marched from its camp with the brigade toward the river, where it remained all day under arms.

On the morning of the 12th, it crossed the river into Fredericksburg, Va., and was stationed on the outskirts of the city as the picket from General Kimball's brigade.

About 12 o'clock on the 13th, the regiment, numbering 113 officers and men, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James H. Godman, was ordered to form the left of the line of skirmishers that brought on the engagement in the late battle of Fredericksburg, Va. Lieutenant-Colonel Godman being severely wounded in the early part of the action, when the order was given to deploy, Captain Carpenter took command of the right wing of the regiment and I of the left. We moved forward and took the position that formed the line of battle during the day, where we remained until ordered off the field about sundown. We then marched to the bank of the river, and bivouacked for the night.

The casualties in this regiment were 1 officer killed and 4 wounded; 6 enlisted men killed, 27 wounded, and 1 missing. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 39.*

We remained in the same place under arms from the night of the 13th to the evening of the 15th, when we were ordered with the brigade to recross the river, and return to the camp we had left on the morning of the 11th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. STEWART,

Captain Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. R. SWIGART,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 131.

---------------

