
On the night of the 13th, my command was again cantoned in the city, and, on the morning of December 14, was marched to the rear of the town, on the west side of the river, and remained there under arms and in bivouac until 8 o'clock on the evening of the 15th, at which time it was marched, as ordered, to its present camp, near Falmouth.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

O. H. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, French's (Third) Division.

Numbers 102. Report of Captain Samuel H. Davis, Fourteenth Connecticut Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 18, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor, in accordance with orders to-day received, to submit the following report of the participation of the Fourteenth Regiment in the events from the 10th to the 15th of the present month:

We received marching orders on the night of the 10th, and the next

morning at 6 o'clock marched to a position in front of Fredericksburg. Remained there under arms during the day; bivouacked at night, and on the morning of the 12th, crossed the river and lay under the fire of the enemy that day in one of the streets of the city.

At about 10 a.m., on the 13th, the regiment was placed under arms, and after some delays, moved at a double-quick out to the front as soon as practicable. We formed in line of battle, and lay down to wait for orders. We were exposed here to a very severe cross-fire of artillery, which proved very destructive. After two or three efforts, we finally succeeded in gaining the front of the fight-the men, cheered on by their officers, moving up in splendid style, and with the steadiness of veterans. We remained under a terribly hot fire of infantry and artillery until our division was relieved, when we marched off the field, bringing off most of our dead and wounded.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon our gallant lieutenant-colonel, who led us, standing in the very front of the fight till he fell severely wounded, and inspiring all with new courage and steadiness. The entire regiment, both officers and men, are worthy of all praise for their bearing in battle, and to single out special instances for encomium would be injustice to all. The report of the casualties in the command I have already forwarded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. DAVIS,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Colonel O. H. PALMER,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 103. Report of Captain William M. Porter, One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

DECEMBER 18, 1862

COLONEL: In compliance with your orders of this date, in reference to the operations of this regiment from the 10th to the 15th instant, I

