
have the honor to report that on the night of the 10th instant the regiment, then under the command of the late Colonel Henry I. Zinn, received orders to march.

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 11th, the men were under arms, and the regiment moved shortly after daylight in the direction of Fredericksburg. Having reached within about a mile of the Rappahannock, this regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was halted, and remained inactive during the bombardment of the town by our batteries. About sundown the regiment [moved] forward to the Lacy house, where the men were encamped and parties detailed during the night for fatigue duty on the pontoon bridge.

On the morning of the 12th, the regiment crossed the bridge and entered the town, where the troops bivouacked in the streets.

On the morning of the 13th, the regiment was ordered under arms, and at about 1 p.m. reached the south side of the town, where it was placed in position in front of the rebel batteries having reached this point under a terrific fire of shot and shell, in which the regiment suffered several casualties, the exact details of which will be found on referring to the list of killed and wounded.

During the action Colonel Zinn fell, mortally wounded, and Major Lee having retired from the field in consequence of the stunning effects of a shell which had exploded near him, I assumed the command as senior officer present, and remained with the regiment until, finding that we had got within range of one of our batteries, I gave orders for the men to retire, which they did, bringing off the colors of the regiment with them.

On Sunday, the 14th, I got a portion of the regiment together, and they were stationed on the bank of the river, in the lower part of the town, where they remained until the evening of the 15th, when, at about 7 p.m., we were ordered to march. We recrossed the pontoon bridge, and about 11 o'clock reached our present camp, which we had left five days previously.

Very respectfully,

WM. M. PORTER,

Captain, Commanding One hundred and thirtieth Pennsylvania Vols.

Colonel O. H. PALMER,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 104. Report of Colonel John W. Andrews, First Delaware Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

WILMINGTON, DEL., December 27, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Third Brigade, under my command, in the attack on the enemy's works near Fredericksburg:

On the morning of the 12th of December, at 7.30 o'clock, the command, following General Kimball's brigade, and advancing by the left flank, crossed the pontoon bridge, and formed line of battle in the main street of Fredericksburg, the men keeping near their arms and the roll being called every hour. This evening the Fourth New York Volunteers performed picket duty.

