
On the morning of the 13th, I received marching orders from division headquarters, and formed the brigade in the rear of Kimball's in the following order, in a street running parallel with Main street:Tenth New York Volunteers, Colonel Bendix; One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Albright; Fourth New York Volunteers, Colonel MacGregor. The First Delaware Regiment being now detailed as skirmishers, in advance of Kimball's brigade, and the column formed right in front, I reported to Brigadier-General French as ready to move and received my final instructions. The men seemed full of enthusiasm, and eager to meet the enemy. At this time Colonel Bendix received a shell wound, and Captain Salmon Winchester assumed command of the Tenth New York Volunteers. At 12 m. the command "forward" was given. My instructions were to move by flank to a position indicated, face to the front, thus forming the brigade in line of battle, and keeping 150 paces in the rear of Kimball, to support him. We accordingly advanced briskly under a heavy artillery fire until we reached the position indicated, then, facing to the front, marched steadily up the slope and took a position in Kimball's rear. We remained here a short time, until, finding that his ranks had become reduced, and that although he held his ground nobly, he was unable to improve his position, I ordered my men forward to support him.

The commanders of regiments led on their men in a manner worthy of all praise, and remained engaged until relieved in turn by the next advancing brigade; they then retired and were reformed in the second street from the river, under their regimental commanders.

Having myself become disabled during the action, I did not leave the field until after 4 o'clock, and finding myself, on my return, unable to perform duty, I turned over the command to Lieutenant Colonel Marshall, Tenth New York Volunteers, who had been detailed on special duty on the other side of the river with the pioneers, and was not present in the action.

In conclusion, I beg leave to state that the officers behaved with exemplary coolness and devotion, and the men with the steadiness and courage of veterans.

I wish also particularly to mention the efficient services of Colonel John D. MacGregor, Fourth New York Volunteers, wounded in the arm; Lieutenant Colonel Charles Albright, One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel William Jameson, Fourth New York Volunteers; Major Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunters; Major Charles W. Kruger, Fourth New York Volunteers, and Captain Salmon Winchester, an accomplished gentleman and a true soldier, who fell, mortally wounded, while commanding and leading on his regiment, the Tenth New York Volunteers. Also to the valuable aid afforded me by the gentleman of my staff--Lieutenant W. P. Seville, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Theodore [H.] Rogers, aide-de-camp, severely wounded by my side while the command was under a heavy fire of musketry, and Lieutenant W. C. Inhoff, aide-de-camp. Having already testified to the good conduct of those under my immediate command, it becomes my duty also to state that the First Delaware Regiment, detached as skirmishers, were reported to me as having behaved with great courage and endurance; that, after driving in the enemy's skirmishers, they sustained alone their fire for a considerable time before the supporting column arrived, and that, after expending all their ammunition, they retired in good order. Major T. A. Smyth, in command, is represented as having displayed much coolness and ability.

