
The list of casualties will be reported by Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall, now in command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. ANDREWS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 105. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Marshall, Tenth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 18, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of my command from December 10 to 15, inclusive:

On the evening of the 10th, an order was received to prepare to march at 6.30 a.m. on the 11th. In accordance with instructions from Brigadier-General French, commanding the division, the brigade commenced moving from camp, following Colonel Palmer's brigade-the Tenth Regiment New York Volunteers in front; the Fourth Regiment New York Volunteers second and the First Regiment Delaware Volunteers in the rear, according to the rank of commanding officers.

The march continued until 10 o'clock, when the column was halted on the Aquia Creek road, where the command remained until 4 p.m. The line of march was then resumed, and, in obedience to an order from General French, my brigade followed immediately after General Kimball's. Having arrived on the heights near the Lacy house, an order was received to move my brigade to the rear and bivouac under cover of a hill, about three-quarters of a mile to the right and rear of the position then occupied, where it arrived at dark, having moved to its position under a fire from the enemy's batteries.

At daylight on the morning of the 12th, the command moved in the direction of the pontoon bridges, in the rear of General Kimball's brigade; passed down a ravine on the right of the Lacy house; crossed the bridge at 7.03 a.m., and took position in the main street of Fredericksburg, where it was ordered to remain in readiness to fall in under arms at a moment's warning. This evening the Fourth Regiment New York Volunteers was detailed for picket duty. Orders were received from General French, through Captain Joseph W. Plume, acting assistant adjutant-general, to prepare to march immediately. The command was instantly under arms, and moved up to the next street after General Kimball's brigade, the men appearing in good spirits and marching in excellent order. During a short halt at this point, the One hundred and thirty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Albright, joined the brigade, and took its position on the left of the Tenth New York Volunteers. Colonel John E. Bendix, Tenth New York Volunteers, was at this time wounded by the explosion of a shell, and the command devolved on Captain Salmon Winchester. The First Regiment Delaware Volunteers was here ordered to report to Brigadier-General Kimball as skirmishers. The Fourth Regiment New York Volunteers reported at this place and joined the command.

