
Having been instructed by the general commanding to act in support of General Kimball, moving forward in line of battle, at 150 paces in the rear of his brigade, at 12 m. the command filed to the right through a street running at right angles with the one on which the troops were formed, and moved forward to the attack under a galling fire from the enemy's works. Passing by the railroad depot in double-quick time, the brigade again filed to the right at the foot of the height, on the crest of which were the works of the enemy; all of which ground was swept by a very severe, steady, and continued fire of shot and shell. Having formed in order of battle, the command moved rapidly forward with great vigor in support of General Kimball's brigade, to a point near the line of our skirmishers, where, after delivering a steady and well directed fire, and being thrown into some temporary confusion, several of the more prominent officers having been wounded, the command was forced to withdraw, which it did in very good order beneath a severe fire.

The brigade was reformed in the second street from the river, under command of Lieutenant Colonel William Jameson (Colonel John W. Andrews having been disabled in the action and obliged to surrender the command),

and was subsequently moved to the street next to the river, by order of General French, where I assumed command of the brigade.

At 4 p.m. our whole brigade having withdrawn from the assault, I dispatched men, and when evening approached had my command in readiness for any emergency, with the exception of being deficient in ammunition. During the night the ammunition train came up and supplied us.

The brigade was kept by the stack of arms throughout the day of the 14th, parties having been sent to bring in the wounded.

On the morning of the 15th, the Tenth Regiment New York Volunteers was detailed to moved the wounded from the hospitals across the river.

At 8 p.m. an order was received to move across the river in silence, and proceed to our former camp. The brigade arrived upon the ground at 12 midnight, and bivouacked till daylight, when it was moved, by order of General French, to a position farther to the right, where it is now encamped.

In concluding my report, I cannot refrain from mentioning the coolness and steadiness of the men of my command, who, under an incessant and most destructive fire from an extended line of batteries, directed upon the enemy a terrible musketry fire, and obeyed every command in good order.

I also beg leave to testify to the general good behavior of the officers of my command, all of whom behaved with great gallantry. Colonel John D. MacGregor, Fourth New York Volunteers, who was severely wounded early in the assault; Lieutenant Colonel Charles Albright, One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel William Jameson, Fourth New York Volunteers, Major Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers; Major C. W. Kruger, Fourth New York Volunteers, and Captain Salmon Winchester, who commanded the Tenth New York Volunteers, and fell, mortally wounded, at the head of his me, behaved with distinguished.

I desire, moreover, to call your attention to the gentlemen of my staff: Lieutenant William P. Seville, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Theodore H. Rogers, who was badly wounded; Lieutenant William C. Inhoff,aide-de-camp,and Lieutenant Harvey Y. Russell, aide-de-camp, who reported for duty from leave of absence, and was subsequently placed upon the

20 R R-VOL XXI

