
staff of the brigadier-general commanding the division. All these gentlemen are deserving of great credit, having carried my orders with promptness,and assisted me with remarkable zeal.

The several regiments of my brigade stood up to their work nobly. The First Regiment Delaware Volunteers deserves particular mention for the manner in which, as skirmishers, it opened the engagement, and remained on the field until every cartridge was expended.

The casualties in my command are as follows: One hundred and thirty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, 7 killed, 80 wounded, and 20 missing; Fourth New York Volunteers, 4 killed, 63 wounded, and 28 missing; Tenth New York Volunteers, 9 killed, 54 wounded, and 11 missing; First Delaware Volunteers, 10 killed, 74 wounded, and 9 missing.*

For more complete details I would respectfully refer to the list of casualties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. MARSHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. W. PLUME,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, French's Division.

Numbers 106. Report of Major Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.

December 18, 1862

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the First Regiment of Delaware Volunteers, from the 10th to the 15th instant.:

Pursuant to general orders from corps headquarters, on the morning of the 11th, regiment advanced with the division, to General Sumner's headquarters, where we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 12th, the regiment crossed the river and formed in line of battle with the brigade in the town of Fredericksburg,awaiting orders, in which position it remained till the next morning at 11.30 o'clock, when I was ordered by Colonel John W. Andrews, commanding the brigade, to report to Brigadier-General Kimball, commanding the First Brigade. He (General Kimball) ordered the regiment to the front as skirmishers, and informed me that Colonel Mason, who was general officer of the day, commanding the picket, would direct me to my position.

At 12 m. the regiment marched out the railroad, crossing the canal bridge under a severe fire, deploying to the right and forwarding, forcing back the enemy's pickets to their rifle-pits, still under a heavy fire of shell, and took its position under the brow of the hill, this side of the stone wall, where we lay for one hour without being re-enforced, and which position our men held until 4 p.m., during which time they expended all of their ammunition, receiving fresh supplies from the troops coming up. The arms becoming completely useless, the regiment fell back, and was ordered by Captain Plume, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general, to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Marshall,of

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 131.

---------------

