
the Tenth Regiment New York Volunteers, commanding the brigade, which was then formed in the lower part of the town; in which position we remained till the night of the 15th, when we were ordered to recross the river, which we did, arriving at our old camp that night.

THOS A. SMYTH,

Major, Commanding First Regiment Delaware Volunteers.

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. SEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 107. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Jameson, Fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

December 18, 1862

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have to report that on the evening of the 10th of December orders were received to hold the regiment in readiness to move on the enemy the following morning,and, accordingly at 7.30 a.m. on the 11th, the regiment marched with the brigade from the camp-ground near Falmouth to a point on the Rappahannock River opposite Fredericksburg, where it remained during the day, and bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 12th, the regiment crossed the river and entered the city of Fredericksburg, where it remained during the day. In the evening the regiment was detailed for picket duty, which was performed in the suburb of the city.

On the morning of the 13th, the regiment was relieved, and ordered to join the brigade in the attack on the enemy's batteries. The regiment went into action between 12 m. and 1 p.m., and remained engaged until late in the afternoon. They gained a point within 200 yards of the enemy's works, under a heavy fire of artillery. At this point the infantry of the enemy opened a severe fire of musketry, from their rifle-pits and protected positions. Their fire was returned with spirit and effect until the ammunition of the regiment was expended, when it was withdrawn from the field in good order.

In the engagement the regiment lost 4 killed, 62 wounded, and 8 missing.* Among the wounded was Colonel John D. MacGregor, who commanded the regiment until its withdrawal from the field. Several officers were slightly wounded; none seriously.

The men who come under the head of missing are supposed to be killed, as no tidings have been heard from them, and some of them were seen on the field badly wounded.

The regiment remained in the city, near the river bank, until the evening of the 15th, when orders were received to recross the river, and it proceeded with the brigade to the old camp-ground near Falmouth, where it encamped for the night.

I am, sir, very respectfully your obedient servant,

WM. JAMESON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth New York Vols. Commanding Regiment,

Lieutenant WILLIAM P. SEVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 131.

---------------

