
same evening, and, with Howard's division, of the Second Corps d' Armee, occupied the town that night. The remainder of my corps, under orders from right grand division headquarters, crossed the next day (the 12th), immediately after the Second Corps.

On the next morning (the 13th), I was ordered by Major-General Summer to extend my left over Hazel Run to Deep Run, and to form the corps in three lines, with batteries in suitable positions, connecting on the right with the Second Corps (General Couch) and on the left with General Franklin.

It will be thus seen that the troops of this command occupied the center, which I understood it my duty to hold, at the same time to afford support to the attacks which Generals Franklin and Couch were to make. Accordingly, Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis' division was placed nearest to Couch's corps, Burns' division nearest to Franklin's, and between Deep and Hazel Runs, and Getty's division between Sturgis' and Burns'. Each division was in two lines. No good positions were found for the light batteries by Captain Edwards, chief of artillery, but several were brought into action afterward by other officers, and did some service.

About noon of the 13th, I directed the Second Division to support General Couch's attack, then about to begin. General Sturgis promptly got his troops inn readiness, and selected a point near a brick-kiln for Dickenson's horse artillery. A portion of Hooker's grand division had now crossed the river, and was in the rear of Couch's troops. As soon as Couch's left began to break, General Sturgis advanced four regiments of Ferrero's brigade, under cover of Dickenson's batter, now in position. General Ferrero succeeded in checking the advance of the enemy on the left of the Second Corps, and drove him back to his cover of stone wall and rifle-pits. But the gallant Dickenson fell gloriously at his post, and his battery suffered considerably in men and horses, under a concentrated fire of artillery and some musketry. Major Sidney Willard, commanding Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, also fell, fighting firmly with his regiment. Ferrero's brigade now encountered the full weight of the enemy's metal, and Nagle's brigade was ordered to its support. These devoted troops moved up with prompt alacrity, and finally the Fifty-first Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel R. B. Potter, which had been supporting Dickenson, was thrown forward.

All these troops behaved well, and marched under a heavy fire across the broken plain, pressed up to the field at the foot of the enemy's sloping crest, and maintained every inch of their ground with great obstinacy until after nightfall, but the position could not be carried. Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Sayles, Seventh Rhode Island, was killed, and Major Babbitt, of the same regiment, was mortally wounded, in the gallant effort. They fell at the head of their troops.

Meantime General Whipple sent me Carroll's brigade, consisting of the Eighty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Bowman; One hundred and tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Crowther, and One hundred and sixty-third Regiment New York Volunteers, Major Byrne, which, together with some brigades of General Griffin's division, also sent to co-operate, all gallantly pushed up to the support of General Sturgis' left, under a heavy fire, gaining also a certain point, but beyond this nothing could live. The attack was also supported by Phillips' battery, belonging to Hooker's grand division, for which Captain S. H. Weed, Fifth U. S. Artillery, found a position. This battery was ably served, though with considerable exposure and loss, and much praise is due to its commander, as well as Captain Weed,

