
ments-quartermaster's and commissary departments, medical and ambulance corps-all of which performed their work so perfectly that supplies of every kind had been received, and the wounded removed so promptly that when order came there was not a wagon of any description in the way. The heads of these departments deserve great credit.

Concerning the batteries which took part in the preliminary operations, as they were detached under the chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac, Brigadier-General Hunt, their reports belong more properly to him. I must beg leave here, however, to call attention to the necessity of an artillery officer of higher rank in this and every other army corps. An officer who ranks as lieutenant,or at most as captain, whose time and attention are absorbed in the duties of his own battery, cannot select the positions and direct the operations of all the batteries of a corps. Such a command is equal to that of a colonel, and the importance and responsibilities of the position render it indispensable, in my humble judgment, that this corps should have for chief of artillery an officer of commensurate rank and experience.

I respectfully commend for good conduct Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis, commanding Second Division; Brigadier General George W. Getty, commanding Third Division, and Brigadier General W. W. Burns, commanding First Division. It is sufficient to say for these officers that by their promptness, coolness, and good judgment the long line between General Couch, on our right, and General Franklin, on our left, was preserved intact; that every support that could be rendered was afforded,and that not the least sign of demoralization appeared in the ranks of the Ninth Corps. But the troops themselves deserve no less credit; greater devotion and bravery could not be shown. They only wait a fairer field to prove themselves equal to victory. I must express my thanks to Generals Griffin and Carroll and Captain Phillips for timely assistance.

The reports of the different commanders, including that of General Carroll, mention many names for gallantry and meritorious services, to which I respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding.

The old troops all behaved well, and among the new regiments the Seventh Rhode Island, Colonel Bliss, and the Eleventh New Hampshire, Colonel Harriman, greatly distinguished themselves.

To Surgeon O'Connell, medical director, the whole army is indebted for his timely preparations, which sheltered the wounded of all corps.

Captain Marsh, chief of ambulance corps, proved the thoroughness of his excellent arrangements by the removal of some 1,300 wounded across the river. He also mentions Lieutenant Harris for his untiring devotion to the wounded.

To Major Crosby, provost-marshal; Captain R. A Hutchins, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant O. M. Dearborn, chief of ordnance; Captain Shurtleff, acting inspector-general, and Lieuts. Levi C. Brackett and Charles A. McKnight, aides-de-camp, I am under obligations for active assistance in distributing orders.

To the officers and men of Companies B, and C, of the Sixth New York Cavalry, serving on escort and orderly duties, which were faithfully discharged, my thanks are also due.

Accompanied herewith is a list* of the officers and men of the Eighty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers who crossed the river in boats, before referred to.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

