
Numbers 112. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Gerhardt, Forty-sixth New York Infantry, Second Brigade.

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.,

December 17, 1862

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, to be forwarded for the information of the brigadier-general commanding division, the part taken by my regiment in the action of the 11th instant, at Fredericksburg, Va.

The Forty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers marched at 2 a.m. of the 11th instant to the river opposite Fredericksburg, near the old railroad bridge, in order to protect the engineers in the building of a bridge on this spot. The enemy began at daybreak to fire from houses near the river bank, and prevented the finishing of the bridge, which by this time had been laid to about three-fourths of its required length. The Forty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers and the Eighty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers, who had taken position to our left, kept up for a while a musketry fire with the enemy without sustaining any material loss. The batteries on the hills behind us now tried to get range upon every house from which the rebels were firing. Thus the day passed, when, at 4 p.m. a part of the Eighty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers crossed in boats, and, under the protection of our artillery, succeeded inn landing in capturing of the rebel force about 70 men. After this, the bridge was soon finished, and the Forty-sixth New York Volunteers was the first to cross over the bridge and to occupy the city. Having posted pickets along the railroad and Main street, I kept my command ready of any emergency, when, about 11 o'clock at night, other troops marched into the town, extending the picket line. On the morning of the 12th instant, about 9 o'clock, the regiment was withdrawn under arms, by command of Brigadier-General Burns, to whom I delivered a prisoner taken in the streets soon after arrival in town.

The casualties during the day were 4 men slightly wounded, who are under treatment in camp.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

JOSEPH GERHARDT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel B. C. CHRIST,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 113. Report of Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army,commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Fredericksburg, Va., December 24, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the late operations in the vicinity of Fredericksburg:

In accordance with orders from your headquarters, my troops were massed near the headquarters of Major-General Sumner at 8 a.m. on the 12th instant, preparatory to crossing over to Fredericksburg in rear

