
battery commanders, herewith inclosed. How these troops fought will be rendered evident by the simple mention of the fact that a little over one-fifth of the total strength was now reported among the killed and wounded.

It may not be improper to mention here the names of the regiments and their commanders composing my division. They are as follows:

First Brigade, General James Nagle;Seventh Rhode Island, Colonel Z. R. Bliss; Twelfth Rhode Island, Colonel G. H. Browne; Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. K. Sigfried; Sixth New Hampshire, Colonel S. G. Griffin; Ninth New Hampshire, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Babbitt, and Second Maryland, Colonel T. B. Allard. Second Brigade, General E. Ferrero: Fifty-first New York Volunteers, Colonel R. B. Potter; Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel W. H. Harriman; Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel J. F. Hartranft; Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel W. S. Clark, and Thirty-fifth Massachusetts, Captain S. H. Andrews. Light Battery D, First Rhode Artillery, Captain . W. W. Buckley, and Light Battery E, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Second Lieutenant John Egan, after Lieutenant Dickenson was killed.

The Seventh and Twelfth Regiments Rhode Island Volunteers, and the Eleventh Regiment New Hampshire, being all new regiments, and never having been in battle before, are deserving of great praise for their steadfast gallantry throughout the whole conflict. Battery L, Second New York Artillery, Captain J. Roemer, and Second Independent Battery Pennsylvania Artillery, Captain Durell, were temporarily detached from my division, and acted under the orders of Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery.

To the members of my staff I return my sincere thanks for the zeal and energy with which my orders were conveyed. For the valuable services rendered by Captain W. C. Rawolle, aide-de-camp, he is deserving of special commendation.

Surg. A. T. Watson, medical staff, was untiring in his efforts to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded. I would also avail myself of this occasion to thank Mr. W. W. Hawley, volunteer aide-de-camp, for valuable assistance. Captain C. H. Hale, aide-de-camp, was slightly wounded.

An accurate list of the killed and wounded has already been furnished your headquarters, adding up as follows, viz: Killed, 88; wounded, 807; missing, 133; total, 1,028.*

I am, sir, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 114. Report of Captain William W. Buckley, Battery D, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

December 18, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report:

Thursday, December 11, the battery was in readiness to move at 8 a.m.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 132.

---------------

