
December 12, left camp at 8 a.m., and crossed upper pontoon bridge in rear of Second Division, Ninth Army Corps: remained standing in Caroline street until dark; then went into field and parked.

Saturday, December 13, at 8 a.,m., moved in rear of First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, down Water street, about one-quarter of a mile. At 3 p.m. moved on to Princess Anne street. At 5.15 p.m. moved and went into action at farther end of street which crosses Princess Anne street, and in front of enemy's earthworks, at a distance of 900 yards from enemy's guns; remained in action until 8.30 p.m., firing at intervals. At 8.30 p.m., withdrew, and went into park on Water street.

Sunday, December 14, and Monday, December 15, remained in park. At 11 p.m., December 15, recrossed the river on upper pontoon bridge and returned to old camp.

All these movements were made in compliance with orders received from Brigadier-General Sturgis, commanding Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, or from Captain Rawolle, assistant adjutant-general to General Sturgis.

First Sergt. R. H. Lee was wounded in hand; Private William Havens wounded in side. Three horses were killed; one set harness and one set horse equipments were rendered unfit for service and abandoned. The following ammunition was expended: Thirty-six rounds case shot, 26 round shell, 11 rounds solid shot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BUCKLEY,

Captain, Commanding Company D, Rhode Island Light Artillery.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 115. Report of Second Lieutenant John Egan, First U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery E, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

FALMOUTH, VA., December 19, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action taken by Light Company E, Fourth U. S. Artillery, during the battle of Fredericksburg:

About 12 o'clock on the 13th, in obedience to your orders, Lieutenant George Dickenson brought the battery into position on the crest of a hill near the left of General Couch's line of battle, and within about 1,200 yards of the earthworks of the enemy. Before the first piece was in position, the enemy opened from his earthworks, and sharpshooters from concealed places singled out the men of the battery. For the first ten minutes, seeing no infantry, we replied to their fire from the earthworks, but with no effect. After seeing a few skirmishers, we directed our fire upon them while the battery was in position. In the mean time the enemy changed his projectiles from solid to shell and case shot, which burst just at the point to make most destructive, and continually their fragments and bullets hailed upon the battery. In less than twenty minutes the commanding officer and 12 of the cannoneers were killed or wounded. Twice all the cannoneers were driven from the pieces. Seeing by remaining longer all my men would

