
be destroyed, and that I was producing but little effect upon the enemy, and certainly not enough to justify such destruction of life, after thirty minutes I retired the battery and reported the fact to you. According to orders, I drew into the street. Just as I had my ammunition re-arranged, I received orders from General Hooker to go into position on the left of his line, and remained there until 12 o'clock Monday night, when I withdrew, by your order. I expended about 30 rounds of ammunition to each piece.

During the whole time my men behaved admirably. Though they were twice driven from their pieces, they rallied to their posts before I could command them to do so. To mention one without all would be injustice, but I cannot refrain from bringing to the notice of the division general First Sergeant Moran. At the first fire he received a severe wound in his cheek, but remained at his post, and after Lieutenant Dickenson was killed he performed the duties of an officer, and afforded me the greatest assistance.

The following is the list of casualties,as shown by report dated January 2, 1863-Killed: officers, 1; enlisted me, 2. Wounded-enlisted men, 10. One horse killed and 4 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN EGAN,

Second Lieutenant First Artillery, Commanding Co. E., Fourth Artillery.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 116 Report of Brigadier General James Nagle, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Near Falmouth, Va., December 16, 1862

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent operations against the enemy;

On Friday morning, the 12th instant, in obedience to your order, I crossed the Rappahannock in the vicinity of the Lacy house with my brigade, and took position under shelter on the opposite side of the river. I remained in this position until 4 p.m., when I moved my troops a short distance down the first street running parallel with the river, where they bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 13th, I moved farther down said street, left in front, until I came up with the right of General Getty's troops. Here I remained until 12.30 p.m. when I, by your order, advanced to the support of General Ferrero, who was already engaged. I moved, by the right of regiments, to the front to pass obstacles, until I got to the rear of the town, where the regiments formed in line of battle. The Sixth New Hampshire, Colonel Griffin, and the Seventh Rhode Island, Colonel Bliss, advanced to the front, on the right of the railroad, in good order, under a murderous fire from the enemy's artillery. The Second Maryland, Colonel Allard, Twelfth Rhode Island, Colonel Browne, and Ninth New Hampshire, Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt commanding, being on the left of the railroad, were moved in order, under shelter as much as possible, to the railroad cut, and from there advanced

