
to the front. The Forty-eighth Pennsylvania, Colonel Sigfried, was for a timed held in reserve.

At 2.30 p.m. the Forty-eighth Regiment was ordered to the front. The men marched under a most galling fire like true veterans. The whole of my brigade remained in the front, and did good service until after 60 rounds of ammunition had been expended, and until they were relieved at dusk by other troops, when, by your order, my command was withdrawn in good order to the position occupied on the previous night. The men were here supplied with ammunition, and then bivouacked for the night. My brigade remained in the same position until Monday evening, when I was again, by your order, moved to the front, with instructions to hold the city at all hazards. I placed my troops in position on the left of the railroad, and commenced to strengthen and fortify my position by throwing up intrenchments and digging rifle-pits, &amp;c.

At 11.30 p.m., by your order, I withdrew my command across the river to our former camp.

Too much praise cannot be given to the officers and men of my command, especially to the Sixth New Hampshire, Seventh Rhode Island, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania, and Ninth New Hampshire Regiments. It is unnecessary for me to speak of the Sixth New Hampshire and Forty-eighth Pennsylvania; they,as upon all other occasions, never flinched. The Seventh Rhode Island had never under fire before, and much credit is due to Colonel Bliss for the able manner in which he maneuvered his men, he having lost he assistance of his lieutenant-colonel, major, and adjutant during the engagement. The Twelfth Rhode Island being an entire new regiment, some little difficulty was had in getting them into position, but they behaved well, and did more service than was expected from raw troops. Colonel Browne, who was the only field officer (Major Dyer having been disabled before going into action), is entitled to much praise for his personal conduct.

In justice to my staff officers, I am pleased to say that they behaved well, and rendered me all the aid and assistance required.

My brigade went into action with nearly 2,700 men, and my total loss amounts to 552.

I herewith inclose a list* of the names of the killed, wounded, and missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES NAGLE,

Brigadier-General,

General STURGIS,

Commanding Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Numbers 117. Report of Colonel Thomas B. Allard, Second Maryland Infantry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the engagement of December 13:

The regiment followed the brigade as far as the deep ravine on the side of the railroad,where we received a cross-fire from the enemy's

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 132.

---------------

