
guns. The regiment in part, with those that were lying there, were not able to find the other portion of the regiment.*

* * * * * *

T. B. ALLARD,

Colonel Second Maryland Volunteers.

Brigadier General JAMES NAGLE,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 118 Report of Colonel Simon G. Griffin, Sixth New Hampshire Infantry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Sixth New Hampshire Regiment, under my command, went into the action yesterday at this place, on the right of the brigade to which it belongs, with 12 officers and 252 enlisted men.

The loss in killed, wounded, and missing is as follows:*

* * * * * * *

Both officers and men behaved nobly, and fought with the utmost coolness and bravery.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

S. G. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 119. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Babbitt, Ninth New Hampshire Infantry.

SOPHIA STREET, FREDERICKSBURG, VA.,

December 15, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of the loss of this regiment in the engagement of Saturday last near this city, which is as correct as can be made at this time. Some of those reported as missing are expected soon to join the regiment, while it is feared that others of that number will prove to have been killed.

The regiment was ordered to advance about 2 o'clock from the bank of the river, each company moving in column through the streets, until arriving outside the city near the scene of action, where it formed line of battle and awaited orders. It was then ordered to move by the right flank, forming line upon the railroad track, and was thus ordered to advance. After passing the railroad, while in deep cut, the regiment received a galling enfilading fire from the enemy's artillery, which was continued with great effect after passing beyond. Notwithstanding this repulse, the men, though in some considerable confusion, pushed forward and took a good position, where they remained until

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties, here omitted, embodied in revised statement, p. 132.

---------------

21 R R-VOL XXI

