
dark, most of the companies having then exhausted their ammunition, and withdrew in good order, following the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

The conduct of officers and men considering the difficulty and extreme danger of the first advance, was most commendable.

I regret to report the instant death of First Lieutenant John G. Lewis, of Company H, an efficient and gallant officer, who was killed soon after passing the cut near the railroad.

Sergeant Dinsmoor, of Company F, bearer of the national colors, fell early in the action, mortally wounded, and the colors, fell early in the action, mortally wounded, and the colors were brought safely through by Second Lieutenant Copp, of Company C.

Captain John B. Cooper, of Company K, having been absent for months past on account of wounds received at the battle of Antietam, joined his command only an hour before the order to advance, and did good service.

Other officers were slightly wounded, most of whom will soon be able to resume their commands.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. BABBITT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninth New Hampshire Regiment.

General JAMES NAGLE.

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 120. Report of Colonel Joshua K. Sigfried, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 14, 1862

SIR: In accordance with Circular Orders, Brigade Headquarters, December 14, 1862, I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the regiment in the action of yesterday:

We had bivouacked in the street on the right of the city the preceding night, and toward noon, yesterday, were ordered to the left, to support the Second Brigade. At 1 p.m. we were ordered to the open fields in the rear of the city, where my regiment remained in reserve until 2.30 o'clock, when I was ordered up to the front by General Sturgis, to assist in repelling a charge the enemy was making on our line. The regiment advanced in line in good order at double-quick under a very galling fire from the enemy's batteries. When we arrived at the hill, I was requested by Colonel Clark, Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, to relieve his regiment, as their was expended. I did so, and my regiment remained on the crest of the hill until they had fired their 60 rounds per man, when we were relieved by Colonel Browne, Twelfth Rhode Island Volunteers. At dusk the hill became crowded, and, seeing others still coming up, Colonel Clark, Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, and myself concluded it was best to return to the city for ammunition and to make room for the fresh regiments to get under the shelter, of the hill. I accordingly marched the regiment in, in good order, and without incurring any loss while returning.

Too much praise cannot be given to the men and, with but one exception, officers for their gallantry and steadiness during the entire action. Their line was unbroken while advancing under the murderous shell

