
ing of the enemy, and their fire was deliberate, well aimed, and I have every reason to believe effective.

Five or six of the best marksmen of each company were ordered to aim exclusively at the cannoneers. After the order had been given, we could observe the wounded being carried away from the guns.

Our loss during the day was 5 killed, 45 wounded, and 1 missing.* We took into the action 311 men.

I am, sir, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

J. K. SIGFRIED,

Colonel, Commanding Forty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 121. Report of Colonel Zenas R. Bliss, Seventh Rhode Island Infantry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 14, 1862

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions this day received, dated Headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, December 14, 1862, I have the honor to report that the Seventh Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers went into action near this city at about 12 m. yesterday,and remained under a heavy fire until withdrawn, at 7.30 p.m.

Both officers and men behaved splendidly, and to my entire satisfaction. Our loss was very heavy, owing to the ground over which we were obliged to pass being exposed to a very heavy fire from the enemy's artillery and small-arms.

Lieutenant Colonel Welcome B. Sayles was struck by a shell and instantly killed soon after we left the city, and before we had advanced to the extreme front. He was at the head of the column, and behaved with great coolness and bravery.

The following officers were wounded while on the crest in front of the enemy's work: Major Babbitt, mortally, since died. Adjutant Page, in the forehead and lost left eye. Captain Remington, severely; under jaw broken. Captain Rodman, severely, by shell, in right breast. Captain Leavans, slightly, by shell, in thigh. Lieutenant Wilber, severely, rifle-ball through thigh. Sergeant-Major Manchester lost right arm, and slight wound in right thigh.

Too much praise cannot be given the officers for their gallantry and soldierly conduct while exposed to a murderous, fire,and within short range of the enemy's sharpshooters.

The facts that the battle of Fredericksburg was the first general engagement this regiment had been in, the long time they remained under a very heavy fire without flinching, and the long list of killed and wounded, # herewith inclosed, are stronger proofs than any words of mine that the regiment has done its duty.

Respectfully submitted.

Z. R. BLISS,

Colonel Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers.

Captain JOHN D. BERTOLETTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 132.

#Embodied in revised statement, p. 132.

---------------

