
Numbers 122. Report of Colonel George H. Browne, Twelfth Rhode Island Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG,

December 14, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that your order of yesterday, to move my regiment through the city and against the enemy in line of battle, found it resting on Sophia street,near the lower pontoon bridge, from whence it moved by the front to the railroad track in good order. But there the left wing came up with the Second Maryland,and, your order directing us to follow them, it was waiting their movement when you personally ordered us forward. At this point my major (having no lieutenant-colonel), being in charge of right wing, was disabled; but it moved forward in tolerably good order and reached the front early. The Second Maryland not being moved, the left wing had to march by the flank, and on reaching the exposed plain above was thrown into considerable disorder. Company E, however, and various portions of the other companies formed on the colors and bore them to the front, where they were joined by the companies already on the ground, and continued to deliver fire till all their ammunition was expended. After that they remained some hours and till after dark; but, receiving no orders, under the advice of the senior colonel, and following his example, I withdrew my command in good order to the position it occupied the evening previous.

The casualties in my command cannot be fully stated at present, but 1 officer and 4 men are positively known to have been killed; 77 are positively known to have been wounded, and 38 of those who marched out in the morning are missing, but whether killed, wounded, or straggling is not positively known. Probably there are some of them in each of these classes.*

Of the companies entitled to commendation, A, F, E, and D are to be named. Of the officers, Captains Cheney and Hubbard; Lieutenants Briggs, Lawton, Hopkins, Abbot, Tabor, Alexander, Roberts, Bucklin, and Pendelton, Sergeants Cole, Bacon, Pollard, Ballou, and Burgess, and Corporal Devolve. Lieutenant Tabor, Lieutenant Abbot, and Sergeant-Major Potter merit especial notice for their cool gallantry under the terrible fire that raked the plain across which the battalion moved.

A list of the names of the killed., wounded,and missing is hereto appended.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

G. H. BROWNE,

Colonel.

Brigadier General JAMES NAGLE, Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 123. Report of Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., December 16, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my brigade in the action at Fredericksburg.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 132.

---------------

