
had retired. I then withdrew the regiment from the field, and quartered for the night in vacant houses, near the upper pontoon bridges.

Our loss was 7 killed, including 1 regimental and 1 company commander, 50 wounded, and 6 missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. ANDREWS.

Captain, Commanding Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Regiment.

Captain G. H. McKIBBIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 126. Report of Colonel Walter Harriman, Eleventh New Hampshire Infantry.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 15, 1862.

GENERAL: The following is the report of the killed, wounded, and missing of the Eleventh Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers in the battle near Fredericksburg yesterday, as well as of the conduct and movements of the regiment during that engagement:

The number of killed was 19; number of wounded, 151, and the number of missing, 25.

In accordance with orders, the regiment formed a line of battle at 8 o'clock in the morning, marched to the lower part of the town, and rested on their arms till 11.30, when we were ordered to move back upon a street running at right angles with the river; and, on taking position on that street, we rested on our arms till 12.30, under a moderate fire from the enemy, and then we were ordered to file right across the railroad and then move forward in line of battle to a position directly in front of the enemy's center. This movement the regiment the regiment executed, under a most desperate fire from the enemy's strong fortifications, with heroic bravery and unflinching firmness. Arriving at this position in front, the regiment poured an unceasing fire into the enemy's works, firing from 60 to 200 cartridges to a man. They fired with great deliberation and coolness,and stood at their posts in an unbroken line till ordered to retire, after dark, and then retiring in good order, and carrying off their wounded men from the field.

Both officers and men, without distinction, behaved with unrivaled gallantry and courage, showing no disposition for a moment, although under for that long period the most terrific shower of iron hail, to swerve a single hair.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient.

WALTER HARRIMAN,

Colonel Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

Brigadier General E. FERRERO,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 127. Report of Colonel Robert B. Potter, Fifty-first New York Infantry.

OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.

December 16, 1862

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations

