
privates of the Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, who gallantly crossed the river in the first boats and drove the enemy from the lower part of the city.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

Captain ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 129. Report of Second Lieutenant James Gilliss, Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA.,

December 17, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the participation of Battery A, Fifth Artillery, in the recent engagement near Fredericksburg:

Pursuant to orders from Brigadier General G. W. Getty, I placed my battery in position on the 11th instant, at 10 a.m., on the bank of the river to the right of the Lacy house, to cover the engineer troops building the bridge at that point.

About 11 a.m, by order from Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery, I opened fire on the houses of the town occupied by the enemy's sharpshooters, and ceased firing about an hour before sunset.

Total number of rounds fired: Shell, 100; solid shot, 96; spherical case, 196.

During the latter part of the day the fire of my battery was directed diagonally across the city in the direction in which the enemy were supposed to be approaching.

After I had ceased firing for the day, the enemy opened fire from several batteries on their line of works in front of me, and continued firing until dark, but, owing to the distance, the majority of their shell burst short. At 7.30 p.m. I left my position and returned to camp. December, remained in harness, waiting orders to cross the river. December 13, crossed the river at daylight by orders of Brigadier-General Getty, and parked in Fredericksburg, Va., at lower end of town. December 14, in same position, awaiting orders. December 15, in same position, awaiting orders. December 16, recrossed at 11 p.m., and returned to division camp.

My men were much exposed during the action of the 13th instant, in consequence of the shells fired by Captain Diederichs' battery (First New York Artillery Battalion), stationed on the opposite side of the river, bursting short. My only casualties were the wounding of 3 horses slightly, although the infantry near me lost pretty severely from the cause mentioned above.

During the firing of the 11th instant, three elevating screw boxes (brass) were broken. I think that it was caused by the straps placed from the cascabel to the elevating screw to prevent the latter from turning too much at each discharge.

None of my officers or men were killed or wounded.

