
11th instant, and rested on its arms during the night in---- street, Company B, Captain Dodge, and Company G, Lieutenant Forbush, being detailed for and acting as picket.

Friday we remained inactive.

Saturday morning we moved down to the bank of the river, to the left of the city, where we remained with the brigade until about the set when we moved, under orders, to attack the batteries on the heights back of the city. My regiment, followed the Twenty-fifth New Jersey across the railroad; but, in advancing along a morass, through which the left of the line was required to pass, the left wing of the Twenty-fifth New Jersey was by some means broken and my left wing took the advance at that point, thus leaving my left in advance and my right in rear. In this manner the regiment moved to the attack, and proceeded (it being now quiet dark) across an old ditch or rifle-pit. Just as we reached the plateau beyond the ditch, a severe fire of musketry, shot, and shell was opened from the enemy, at a distance of from 10 to 20 yards. The fire forced the troops in advance back upon those in the rear, and my line was forced back into the ditch, from which a fire was kept up upon the enemy until we retired and reformed our line in rear of the hill in excellent order.

The rapidity of the advance from the city, the distance, darkness, the nature of the ground, and the crossing of the line of the Twenty-fifth New Jersey by my left wing produced some confusion, and necessarily cut my line; yet the men and officers advanced firmly and steadily to the charge, and retired only in the face of a fire which, during the whole day, had successfully repulsed the desperate bravery of veteran troops.

Monday, the 15th, at dark, my regiment proceeded, under orders,to relieve the Eighth and Sixteenth Connecticut Regiments, doing picket duty along the line of the railroad, and to the left of the block-house. We remained there until relieved the next morning about 2.30 o'clock, when we formed and recrossed the river, reaching our former encampment about 4 a.m.

I have had the honor to furnish you heretofore a list of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. STEVENS,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Regiment New Hampshire Vols.

Colonel R. C. HAWKINS,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Ninth Army Corps.

OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.

December 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the operations of the regiment under my command since their departure from Camp Casey, near Fairfax Seminary, Va., including the battle of Fredericksburg, on the 13th instant.

My regiment moved from Camp Casey, on the 1st instant, with the First Brigade of Casey's division, consisting of the Fifteenth Connecticut, Thirteenth New Hampshire, Twelfth Rhode Island, and Twenty-fifth and Twenty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers, under command of the senior colonel, Dexter R. Wright,of the Fifteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

The first day we reached Uniontown, some 2 miles southerly from Washington City. We encamped the second day near Piscataway, and

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

