
of the action. I will add that many of my men were injured and bruised by being thrown down and trampled upon by the lines in front, but are not included in the list of casualties.

I am happy to say that, in most instances, the officers and men of my regiment, though they have suffered severely from exposure to cold and in diet, are recovering their health, strength, and courage for the great work still before the army of the republic- the suppression of the rebellion.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

A. F. STEVENS,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers.

His Excellency NATHANIEL S. BERRY,

Governor of New Hampshire.

Numbers 133. Report of Colonel Andrew Derrom, Twenty-fifth New Jersey Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA. December 19, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders of the brigade commander, the Twenty-fifth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers left camp near Falmouth on the evening of December 11, about 6 p.m., and arrived in Fredericksburg about 10 p.m. Bivouacked in the streets that night.

Friday and Saturday were under arms in the city, awaiting orders, until about 4.30 p.m. Saturday, when the order to advance upon the enemy was received.

My regiment, together with the orders One hundred and third New York Regiment, were ordered to the first line, to be supported by the Thirteenth New Hampshire and other regiments of the brigade. Reached the railroad, where, by order, we halted and got under cover. Advanced again into the field in front of railroad; halted, by orders, a few minutes, and again advanced until we reached the slope of a hill, about 60 yards in front of a stone wall, near the Culpeper road, occupied by the enemy, where we were brought to a halt by a heavy fire in front,an enfilading fire on the left flank of artillery and musketry of the enemy, and a fire in rear from our own regiments. The men got down, and kept up a desultory fire for about fifteen minutes, at the same time being under a heavy fire of shot, shell, and musketry from the enemy. I gave the order to cease firing; whereupon our own and the enemy's fire simultaneously ceased, and no further firing, except from a few pickets, was heard during our stay. After the order to cease firing was given, a cry was made by a soldier in Company G, of this regiment, that we should all be made prisoners. This created some confusion on the left of the regiment. I endeavored to keep them in position,but finding a number falling to the rear, and seeing neither supports nor the One hundred and third New York Regiment, I rallied the broken companies on the rear of the Eighty-third New York, about 100 yards to the right and rear of the line occupied by the regiment. Seven companies filed off the ground in good order and formed a battalion line, together with the other three broken companies, within ten minutes thereafter.

About 7 p.m. we fell back, by order, to railroad, and subsequently, by

