
further orders, to the original line, in streets of Fredericksburg, arriving there about 11 p.m. The regiment behaved well under fire, keeping their ground until after the enemy ceased firing, and until the above mentioned, alarm,created by an excited soldier; and, if property supported, good results might have been attained.

Our loss was 8 killed, or died of wounds; 59 wounded, and 18 missing. Total, 85.

During the advance, and while under fire, all officers and men who came under my notice did well. After the confusion some few of the officers seemed to be wanting in promptness, and I found, after the regiment was assembled, Lieutenant Richards, of Company A, missing, who rejoined the regiment before marching off the field; also Lieutenant Parmley, of Company C, who subsequently was found wounded.

On the evening of Monday the regiment was ordered to the front to support pickets.

I found a very few of the officers and men unaccounted for, whom I will report. The regiment performed their duty promptly. About 7 p.m. was ordered to return to the city, where orders were given to return to the camp near Falmouth, and arrived there about 11 p.m. without loss and in good order.

Your obedient servant,

ANDREW DERROM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant ROBERT McKECHNIE

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 134. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edgar A. Kimball, Ninth New York Infantry

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.

December 16, 1862

COLONEL: I herewith have the honor to report that, in compliance with your orders, I left this camp on the evening of the 11th instant, crossed the Rappahannock to Fredericksburg, and bivouacked, occupying the main for about one block and a half north of the railroad, throwing Company D forward to the enemy's front as picket. Immediately upon taking position, I established a strong guard upon the sidewalks and both flanks of my command, with instructions to allow no one to enter a house or destroy or take away a single article from that portion of the street in which we were stationed, which order, I am happy to say, was literally obeyed during our entire occupancy of that position.

At 7 o'clock of the evening of the 12th, the entire regiment was ordered to the front on picket duty, and did not again return to that portion of the town.

At daylight on the morning of the 13th, I was relieved from picket, and returned to town near the lower pontoon bridge, where remained until about 5 p.m. when, in obedience to your orders, I advanced my command, under a heavy fire of artillery, to the brow of the hill in front of the enemy, to the support of the Fifth Massachusetts Battery. I here received your orders to halt, which I did, and remained in support of the above battery, as directed, till it was disabled and retired past us from the field. At this point the fire of shell and shrapnel was tre-

