
mendous, totally disabling the battery, and killing 1 and wounding 8 men of my command. I then received your orders to return to the lower part of the city and bivouac, which I did, remaining in that position during the night.

The next day, 14th, we were ordered into quarters, where we remained till the evening of the 15th, when we were ordered to recross the river and return to our old camp at this place, where we arrived about 11 o'clock at night.

I would beg leave to call attention to the following officers, which list embraces all of those engaged with the regiment the action of the 13th: Captain Barnett, acting major; Adjutant Bartholomew, Captains Le Baire, Graham, Rodriguez,and Klingsoehr; Lieutenants Harrison, Webster, Fleming, Powell, Donaldson, Jacobsohn, Vogt and Jackson.

I can say no more than that all behaved in the most admirable manner, and are entitled to great credit for gallantry and coolness under fire. The men obeyed every order with alacrity and promptness, and are entitled to the commendation of their officers and the thanks of their countrymen for their courage and coolness on this as well as other occasions.

Below is a list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

* * * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. KIMBALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninth New York Volunteers.

Colonel R. C. HAWKINS,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 135 Report of Colonel Harrison S. Fairchild, Eighty-ninth New York Infantry.

OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.

December 17, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 10.30 o'clock on the night of the 10th instant, I received orders from General Getty, commanding Third Division,to take position with my regiment that night; also for me to report at once to Major Spaulding, of the engineer corps, at the Lacy house, without waiting for my regiment.

I immediately reported,and was directed by Major Spaulding to take position in the ravine opposite the steamboat landing, below the railroad bridge, on the north bank of the Rappahannock, to support the engineer corps in laying a pontoon bridge to the south shore.

I marched to that point, arriving at 2 a.m. on the morning of the 11th instant; took position; formed the right wing in line of battle on the right of the road and the left wing on the left. The pontoon train arrived at about 3 o'clock. The engineer corps, under the command of Captain McDonald, commenced laying the bridge, and succeeded in laying about two-thirds of the way to the opposite shore before daylight without interruption or interference from the enemy. At daylight the enemy's sharpshooters took possession of the buildings, cellars, and stone wall opposite the bridge, and opened fire, driving the engineer

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

