
Numbers 136. Report of Major Benjamin Ringold, One hundred and third New York Infantry.

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG,

December 18, 1862

SIR: The One hundred and third took up the line of march toward dusk on the 11th of December,crossing the pontoon bridge near the railroad at about 8 o'clock the same evening. The regiment took up a position along Main street, the right resting on the railroad; threw out pickets and remained under arms until about noon on the 12th, when it was ordered to take first line of skirmishers, the left, resting on the left side of the railroad,being engaged by the skirmishers of the enemy during the greater part of the afternoon and evening, and finally succeeding in driving the enemy's pickets back to their former position.

The casualties during this time were 1 killed and 2 wounded.

The One hundred and third was relieved at about 10 o'clock the same evening by the Ninth New York and Sixteenth Connecticut, and fell back to its original position in Main street, where it rested until about 9 o'clock on the 13th.

At this time the regiment was ordered to move down too the bank of the Rappahannock, under cover. At 3 p.m. the order came to advance in line of battle, to connect with Couch's corps, on the left. This movement was executed with perfect coolness by this regiment,advancing and taking a position on the other side of the canal embankment. All this while the regiment was under a heavy artillery and musketry fire. Notwithstanding this, our loss was very small, consisting in only 2 killed and 5 wounded. After holding this position for a while, the One hundred and third was ordered (night having set in) to move to the rear and take a position along the road running by the poor-house. Pickets were thrown out to the front to guard the left of our lines, the rebel skirmishers being on the left of the ravine. Occasional shots were exchanged during the night, as also on the forenoon of the 14th, resulting in the loss on our side of 3 wounded.

At about 7 p.m. on the 14th, the One hundred and third was relieved by the Fourth Rhode Island, and fell back to the city, stacking arms, as before, in Main street. We remained here all night, up to about 9 p.m., on the 15th, when we took up our line of march across the river in the best order, arriving in camp opposite Fredericksburg at about 12 p.m.

The officers and men behaved during all this time with the greatest coolness and gallantry.

B. RINGOLD,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel R. C. HAWKINS, Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 137. Report of Colonel Edward Harland, Eighth Connecticut Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Opposite Fredericksburg, Va., December 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to herewith submit a report of the operations of this brigade in the engagement with the enemy near Freder-

