
The Eighth and Sixteenth Connecticut were relieved from picket by the First Brigade, and I moved the brigade, with the exception of two companies of the Fifteenth Connecticut, which I ordered to report to Major Crosby, at the bridge, for fatigue duty, back to camp.

Appended will be found the list of casualties;* also the official reports of the regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HARLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain CHARLES T. GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 138 Report of Captain Henry M. Hoyt, Eighth Connecticut Infantry.

FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the Eighth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers during the recent operations before Fredericksburg:

On the morning of December 11, our regiment was encamped near the Lacy house, and at daylight was under arms awaiting orders. About 10 a.m. General Getty came to our camp and called for volunteers to assist the engineers, under General Woodbury, in completing the pontoon bridge which was being thrown across the river near, the center of the city. About 90 men immediately offered their services, and, under command of Captain Marsh and Lieutenants Ford and Morgan, proceeded to the river bank and commenced their work: but, after laying one length of the bridge, they were ordered to retire by Major Spaulding, of the engineers, having suffered a loss of 2 men wounded.

On the forenoon of the 12th, we formed our line and marched to join the brigade, near the middle bridge, the brigade being about to cross the river. We remained near the bridge until sunset, when we crossed and took our position in Caroline street, where we stacked arms and remained until the morning of the 13th. Early on that morning we were again moved down beside the river, near the bridge we had crossed, and, while remaining there, were exposed to a severe raking fire from our own batteries, stationed on the other side of the river.

At sundown on the 13th, we were ordered forward, and marched through the city and forward in line of battle in a street in the rear of the city, facing the enemy's position, and from there moved on to the support of our troops, who were fighting fiercely in front. After we had advanced about 500 yards, we received the order to halt, and remained there lying on our arms until daylight, when we returned to Caroline street, in the city.

On the morning of the 15th, Major Ward was compelled to retire from the field, on account of illness, and the command of the regiment devolved upon myself. About 11 a.m. of the 15th, in accordance with your orders, I moved the regiment to the front, in order to strengthen the advanced line of vedettes, under command of Captain Upham,of

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

