
circumstances the most disadvantageous, both as regards gathering information [which was an arduous, and in many instances impossible, case, except through immediate reconnoitering investigation] and the inclemency of the weather. A still further most noticeable drawback was in the scarcity of a cavalry force, as I had but 50 of this arm, so essential to a vigorous persecution of the enemy, under the circumstances of their having so many mounted troops. Every movement required to be made slowly and with caution, supported by infantry. With a good regiment of cavalry, I might have captured the entire body of infantry and artillery opposing us, by cutting off their avenues of retreat speedy maneuvering.

It is with pleasure that I mention the spirit and alacrity displayed by our troops at all times during the expedition. Officers and men, with but few exceptions, conducted themselves gallantly, and with an utter abnegation of self comforts. My thanks for a hearty co-operation are due Brigadier-Generals Greece and Jackson, and Colonel Roger, brigade commanders. I take pleasure also in mentioning the name of Lieutenant L. R. Davis, aide-de-camp, on my staff, in connection with repeated manifestations of activity and courage.

Hoping the results of the expedition are deserving of your approval, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISIONS, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS, Bolivar Heights, Va., December 7, 1862.

I have the honor to report, as an addendum to the report of the recent reconnaissance to Winchester, that in the skirmish near Charlestown, among the rebel wounded were Lieutenant Baylor, who had his arm blown off, and Privates Isles and Timberlake, all of the cavalry.

We have this morning taken 2 additional prisoners of war, viz: Private Raymond Eatman, Second North Carolina Infantry, and Jacob Robertson, White's cavalry battalion.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 3, 1862.-Skirmish at Moorfield, W. Va.

Report of Lieutenant Henry A. Myers, Ringgold Battalion Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, New Creek, Va., December 14, 1862.

In accordance with your order, I proceeded to Moorefield, by way of Greenland Gap, with detachments of 20 men from the old Ringgold Cavalry and the same number from Captains Work's, Young's, Barr's, and Mitchener's companies, making, in all, 100 men, with the mountain howitzer.

