
the Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers. We were relieved from this post in the evening by the Thirteenth New Hampshire Regiment, and rejoined the brigade in the rear of the city. With them we recrossed the bridge, and filed off to our former camp, near the Lacy house.

The following is the list of casualties:*

* * * * * * *

Your, very respectfully,

H. M. HOYT,

Captain, Commanding Eighth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant GATES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 139. Report of Colonel Griffin A. Stedman, jr., Eleventh Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.

December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Eleventh Regiment Connecticut Volunteers crossed the Rappahannock River to Fredericksburg on the evening of the 12th instant, and bivouacked in the streets of that city, occupying a position on the extreme left of Colonel Harland's brigade.

On the morning of the 13th, I reported the regiment to Colonel Donohoe, Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers, for picket duty, according to orders from Colonel Harland. The regiment was then stationed to strengthen the pickets of Getty's division, where it remained during the day of the 13th, and until early on the morning of the 14th, when, with the exception of two companies left on picket, the regiment accompanied the brigade, which had come up the night before to the city, where it again bivouacked in the streets.

The regiment occupied that position during Sunday, the 14th, and Monday, the 15th, until evening, when it recrossed the river and reached their present camp before midnight. The two companies left on picket were relieved by the Eighth Connecticut Volunteers on the night of the 14th.

Casualties: 1 wounded and 2 missing.

Respectfully,

GRIFFIN A. STEDMAN, JR.

Colonel Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers.

Lieutenant GATES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 140. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Tolles, Fifteenth Connecticut Infantry.

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit in account of the operations of my command during the battle of Fredericksburg, together with

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

