
the names of those killed, wounded, and missing during the engagement:

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 34, dated December 10, my command, formed on their camping-ground at 8 a.m,. December 11, and remained under arms during the day and succeeding night.

On the following day, at 8 a.m. took up the line of march, left in front, and proceeded to the pontoon bridge on the Rappahannock, where they remained during the day; toward night they marched over the bridge into the city of Fredericksburg, and remained under arms during the night.

On the following morning they marched, left in front, to the flat on the south shore of the river, where they formed in battalion mass and remained under arms during the day. At about 4.30 p.m. they took up the line of march, and formed in line of battle under the brow of the hill in rear of the slaughter-house, a little to the right, where they lay upon their arms until next morning, when they marched back to the city, and remained under arms during that day and night and succeeding day. At night they again formed in line of battle on the plain to the right of the slaughter-house, and, after remaining under arms some two hours, were, at about 10 o'clock, ordered back to camp. Two companies A and F, were detached on the night of the 13th to support the Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers on picket duty. Two companies, D and I, were also detailed on the night of the 15th instant for fatigue duty at the pontoon bridge. The casualties during the engagement were as follows, viz:*

* * * * * *

In closing my report, I deem it justice to Colonel Wright to say, that though not able to take command of his battalion, on account of severe injuries received, yet he was present whenever the state of his health would admit, in aiding me, and in cheering and encouraging the men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL TOLLES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Connecticut Vols.

J. D. WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

Numbers 141. Report of Captain Charles L. Upham, Sixteenth Connecticut Infantry.

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA.

December 17, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following:

On the morning of the 12th, the regiment was under arms at 7 o'clock, and, taking place in brigade line, marched to the river, which it crossed late in the afternoon, and bivouacked for the night in the city.

On the morning of the 13th, proceeded to the bank of the river, where we remained till dusk, when the brigade advanced beyond the city to the support of the First Brigade, then engaged with the enemy. Lying on our arms during the night, the next morning (the 14th) returned to the city. At 4.30 o'clock I received orders to relieve the One hundred

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

