
At 4 p.m. we were on the march. After we had proceeded 8 miles on our way, we were joined by captain Rowand, with his company of the First Virginia Cavalry. We reached the Widow Solomon's, on Patterson's Creek, at 7 a.m., where we stopped to feed and take breakfast. At 8 o'clock we were again o the march for Moorfield, about 14 miles distant. We had reliable information that the town was occupied by two companies of cavalry, under command of McDonald and Kuykendall. When we came in sight of the town, a charge was ordered. The men behaved gallantly. The rebels were dispersed in all directions.

We killed 2, wounded a number, and captured 10 prisoners and 12 horses. The only loss we sustained was 12 horses killed.

Among the prisoners is the celebrated Ed.[H.] McDonald, captain of one of the companies.

H. A. MYERS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment of Ringgold Battalion.

Captain JOHN KEYS,

Chief of Cavalry, Railroad Division.

P. S.-We started from camp December 2, at 4 p.m., and returned December 4, at 3 a.m., having traveled a distance of 95 miles in thirty-four hours, including rests.

DECEMBER 4, 1862.-Engagement on the Rappahannock River, Va.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army.

No. 2.-Big. General W. H. F. Lee, C. S. Army.

No. 1. Report of Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, December 5, 1862.

I have the honor to report that the Yankee gunboats [four in number] have been run away from Port Royal, Va. Three of these were the notorious pirates Pawnee, Anacostia, and Live Yankee. The fourth was unknown.* They carried twenty-one guns, and had a complement of some 500 men. Captain [R. A.] Hardaway opened upon them with his Whitworth gun at a distance of 3 miles. They replied promptly, but, finding their range short, attempted to approach him, but were promptly driven back under cover of the town by Captain [T. H.] Carter from the hills opposite it. Riflemen were placed to greet them above Port Royal, so that they were afraid to go in that direction. And now was witnessed an instructive sight. These piratical cruisers, which have bombarded so many unoffending private residences, and have carried desolation to so many peaceful homes, shrank from the wager of battle and kept close under the shelter of town, so that the flank batteries could not fire upon them without endangering it. Hardaway still kept up his pelting in front until dark, they fled down the river. And now two 3-inch

---------------

*The steamers were the Anacostia, Coeur de Lion, Currituck, and Jacob Bell. See report of Commodore Andrew A. Hartwood, U. S. Navy, in Annual report of the Secretary of the Navy, dated December 7, 1863. See also Gregg to Cohen, December 4, in "Correspondence, etc.," p.826.

---------------

