
Robinson's brigade, which had arrived, and was just then deploying in line of battle in front of the batteries of Livingston and Randolph. The enemy was now advancing in strong force, but the two brigades of Berry and Robinson, together with three regiments of Ward's brigade, on the extreme right, by a well-directed fire, first checked the advancing foe, and then drove him back into the wood beyond the railroad, taking a considerable number of prisoners.

While the enemy was being repulsed along the front of Birney's division, I sent back to the commanding general to inform him that the whole field which had previously been occupied by Gibbon's division was left without a gun or a man for its protection. My staff officer returned with the information that the Second (Sickles') Division was on its way from the other side of the river. I again sent back to hurry up this division, for, at that time, the enemy could be seen in strong force in the edge of the timber, not 600 yards distant, and there was nothing to prevent him from dashing through to the river, a fact which gave me no little cause for well-grounded uneasiness. Scarcely had Sickles' division arrived on the ground previously occupied by Gibbon's, in front of the Bowling Green road and formed-Carr's (First) brigade on the right, Hall's (Second) on the left, and Revere's (Third) in support-when the enemy appeared in some force on Sickles' right. A well-directed artillery fire was opened upon him, and he halted the other side of the railroad. I learned from deserters from this force that it was under the command of the rebel General Hood.

Both Birney's and Sickles' division being now in position and covered by strong lines of skirmishers in front, who, at a great disadvantage, were actively engaged with those of the enemy, I reported the condition of affairs to the commanding general, and was directed to remain where we were, holding ourselves in readiness to repel an attack, or to advance at a moment's notice. Just before sundown a battery of ten or more guns, on the extreme left, opened a most vigorous and destructive fire upon Birney's division, but was soon silenced by the united efforts of Birney's and Doubleday's artillery.

After dark I directed the batteries to be withdrawn to the other side of the Bowling Green road, the line of pickets to be strengthened where necessary, rations and ammunition to be replenished,and, with the exception of some pretty sharp work between pickets during the night and a portion of the next day, particularly on Sickles' right, nothing more of an active character occurred worthy of notice until our withdrawal to this side of the river, which was done in the most perfect order, and without the loss of men or materiel.

Previous to our withdrawal the killed had all been secured and properly buried, and the wounded sent across the river and properly cared for, under the supervision and direction of the very competent and energetic medical director of the corps, Surgeon Pancoast.

For details and particulars as to the movements and operations of brigades, regiments, and batteries, and the acts and duties performed by individuals and detachments, I beg leave to refer to the reports of subordinate commanders, herewith transmitted, some of which are very elaborate and circumstantial.

The state of affairs when Birney's (First) division arrived on the ground, followed soon after by Sickles' (Second) division, was anything but promising. Their opportune arrival, however, first checked and then drove back the advancing foe, who, yelling, were in hot pursuit of the two exhausted and retiring division of Meade and Gibbon; saved all their guns, which had been entirely abandoned by their supports;

