
Sumner, of General Stoneman's staff, delivered me an order to cross with my division and report with it to General Reynolds, on the left.

The head of the division reached the field designated at 11.30 a.m. I, upon reporting in person to General Reynolds was ordered to deploy my division in the field in rear of General Meade's division, as a support to the intended attack by that division. The road bounding the rear of the field was edged with high embankments, with ditches next to road some 6 feet deep. Through these embankments were two narrow wagon ways, making it possible to retire from the field only by the flank of a regiment. Ward's brigade, on the right, and Berry's brigade, on the left, were deployed in two lines, leaving Robinson's brigade, which had not yet reached the field, as a reserve.

The enemy's batteries commanded the open field, and my loss being heavy, General Reynolds ordered me to retire my command from the field, holding it in hand behind the embankments. When the movement consequent on this order was half completed, General Meade's division was being sorely pressed, and he sent to me for assistance. I immediately reversed the movement of Ward's brigade, placing the Ninety-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Leidy; Fifty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Campbell, and Fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, Colonel, De Trobriand, in support of Meade's batteries, ordering forward the Thirty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Birney; Fortieth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Gesner, and Fourth Regiment Maine Volunteers, Colonel Walker, under General Ward, to the support of the troops in front. I returned Berry's brigade to its position on the left. The batteries attached to Meade's division having exhausted their ammunition, I ordered forward to relieve them Randolph's and Livingston's batteries, belonging to this division, and they went immediately into actio under my chief of artillery, Captain Randolph, of the Rhode Island artillery. Finding that Meade's and Gibbon's divisions were in full retreat, I sent forward Colonel Campbell with the Fifty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers to report to General Ward, to support my advanced regiments; ordered the Third Maine and Fifty-fifth New York Regiments in the field to the right to support one of General Gibbon's batteries. Our retreating troops passed through my ranks, and, at General Meade's request, I ordered the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, Colonel Leidy in the field to the right, to try and stop his troops. It was useless, as they sullenly and resolutely marched to the rear.

The enemy now appeared in full force upon my entire front, with a brigade deployed in line, and one doubled on the center on each flank, and charged upon the four batteries under my charge. General Berry at my order, sent me the Fifth Michigan to support the batteries, and advanced his line to front and right to fill the vacancy caused by sending forward a portion of Ward's brigade. General Gibbon's batteries having withdrawn, and his division not being in sight on my right, I advanced the Ninety-night Pennsylvania, Colonel Leidy; Third Maine, Colonel Lakeman, and Fifty-fifth New York, Colonel De Trobriand, to form the right. The Fifth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Gilluly; Thirty-seventh New York, Colonel Hayman; One hundred and first New York, Colonel Chester, and Seventeenth Maine, Colonel Roberts, under command of Brigadier-General Berry, met the brunt of the attack and poured a withering fire into their lines. The portion of Ward's brigade on the right of the road did gallant service by its oblique fire. General Ward, now returning with his thinned veteran regiments,was ordered by me to the right, and, reforming his lines, held an imposing

