
attitude with his gallant command. Robinson's brigade now arriving, I ordered immediately to the front and center his first two regiments--the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Collis, and Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Danks--and they poured a most effective and galling fire into the now retreating foe.

The enemy being repulsed, I formed new lines--Berry's brigade on left, Robinson's brigade in center, and Ward's brigade on right, with my two batteries on the crest of the hill, receiving also the efficient aid of the batteries of Captains Cooper and Leppien of General Reynolds' command. During the remainder of Saturday the firing was constant between the pickets and the advanced lines, the enemy holding the edge of the wood, the railroad embankment, rifle-pits, and ditches in our front.

At 3 p.m. I ordered a line of skirmishers to advance and seize a ditch parallel with my front. They did so gallantly, capturing in the ditch some 60 prisoners.

At 4.30 p.m. the enemy, uncovering ten guns on the hill opposite my left, opened an constant fire on Doubleday's division. My chief of artillery directed the fire of the two division batteries upon them, and, aided by Leppien's battery, on my left, silenced the guns, in twenty minutes. The enemy then opened upon our left a battery of Whitworth guns that enfiladed my command, which annoyed us greatly.

At 5 p.m. General Reynolds sent to me orders to take command of my front. During Saturday night, Sunday, and Monday my retired regiment remained without a murmur on the field, lying on the damp ground without blankets, and exposed to the most galling fire from the sharpshooters.

During Monday afternoon an informal arrangement was made, at the suggestion of General Ewell, commanding forces opposite, to stop the picket firing. This was done, and our command, within 100 yards of each other, passed Sunday, night and Monday without firing a shot at pickets. On Monday night, under orders from General Stoneman, this division was withdrawn in good order and without loss of public property.

I have to mark out, for the high commendation of the general-in-chief, Generals Berry, Robinson, and Ward. To their reputation established on other fields they have added great luster. I refer you to their reports to do justice to the names of the gallant officers and men under their immediate command.

My regiments all did well, and the new regiments equaled all their comrades did before. The loss of officers is great, and shows that they were at their posts. The reports of brigades and artillery are herewith forwarded as also a list of casualties.* Regimental reports will shortly be forwarded. Randolph's and Livingston's batteries did admirably, and Captain Randolph, as chief of division artillery, was then, as always, skillful, prudent,daring and contributed greatly to the result. Between his batteries and this division there exists the strongest attachment. There are instances of heroism and gallantry entitling the persons to distinction; their names will be promptly forwarded.

My staff was very efficient, and exercised a great influence on the result. Captain Frederick E. Bliss, commissary of subsistence, volunteered his service in the field, and was indefatigable.

Lieutenant Briscoe, my

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

