
soon silenced them. I was annoyed somewhat by an enfilading fire from a battery far to our left, but the great distance prevented its doing the harm at first apprehended. Both batteries were withdrawn at night behind the road.

During Sunday, 14th, I fired occasionally into the lines of battle along the edge of the wood and on the railroad, using generally solid shot. In the afternoon Battery E was withdrawn, by order of Major-General Franklin, to the rear of the road. Embrasures were cut in the bank, enabling it, though protected, entirely to sweep the field, should our first line be repulsed.

On Monday we were not engaged. The batteries preceded the division, and recrossed the river about midnight on the 15th-16th.

All the officers under my command behaved handsomely, and I was especially pleased with the manner in which Lieutenant Jastram handled my battery, of which he had been but one day in command. The batteries, of Captains Cooper and Leppien, on my left, did good service. The practice of the Fifth Maine (Captain Leppien) attracted my especial notice and admiration.

Following is a list of casualties;* Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery (Lieutenant Jastram), 2 privates killed and 2 slightly wounded; 2 horses killed and 5 disabled. Batteries F and K (Livingston), Third Artillery, 5 privates wounded, 2 horses killed and 8 wounded. The loss in materiel was very slight. Ammunition expended, about 800 rounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. E. RANDOLPH,

Captain First Rhode Island Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

Captain F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Third Corps.

Numbers 148. Report of Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army,commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS ROBINSON'S BRIGADE.

On the Field of Battle, December 15, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I crossed the Rappahannock with my brigade at about 1 p.m. on the 13th instant. Just after crossing I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding division to hurry forward. The brigade was brought up as rapidly as possible, and arrived on the field at a critical moment. One division of our army had been driven back by the enemy, and another brigade was in consequence retiring.

Entering the field at double-quick, I formed line of battle in rear of Livingston's and Randolph's batteries, toward which the enemy was then moving,and which were in danger of being captured. As soon as I had two regiments in line, I pushed forward to meet him. These regiments, the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers (Collis' Zouaves) and the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers,advanced beautifully, delivered a galling fire into the face of the enemy, and, charging at double-quick,drove him in confusion back to his works. The other regiments were now brought up, and I formed my brigade

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

