
in line on the crest of the hill fronting the enemy's intrenchments, and, sending a party of skirmishers as far as the ditch in front of my line, captured in it 1 colonel, 1 captain, and 60 non-commissioned officers and privates of a Georgia regiment. This capture was made by Captain Eliot, of the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Other prisoners were taken and among them Captain Lawton, assistant adjutant-general to Major-general Ewell.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of officers and men during this brief engagement. My old regiments, the Twentieth Indiana (Colonel Van Valkenburg), Sixty-third Pennsylvania (Major Danks),and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania (Colonel McKnight), sustained their well-earned reputation. My new regiments, the One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania (Colonel Collis) One hundred and forty-first Pennsylvania (Colonel Madill), and Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania (Colonel Tippin), seemed determined to win an equally enviable name.

For those distinguished I refer to the reports of regimental commanders, herewith transmitted.

It is due to the gallantry of Major Chandler, One hundred and fourteenth Pennsylvania (slightly wounded),and Major Hawksworth, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania, that they should be particularly noticed here. In consequence of the serious wound of the latter, rendering amputation of the leg necessary, his regiment and the service is deprived of the services of an officer who was an honor to both.

My personal staff, Captain Kidder, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Morgan and Robinson, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant Bratton, acting aide,performed their duties gallantly. At the moment of entering the field, Captain Kidder was slightly wounded. My orderly, Bugler John McKay (a faithful soldier of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania,who was with me in all my battles on the Peninsula),was killed, and my horse was shot under me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. ROBINSON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Third Corps.

Numbers 149. Report of Major John A. Danks, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.

December 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report as follows upon the movements and operations of the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers during the recent engagement with the enemy:

On Saturday, the 13th instant, about 1 p.m., in accordance with orders received from the general commanding brigade, I moved the regiment across the Rappahannock by the pontoon bridge, following in rear of the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and fourth in line of the brigade. I pushed rapidly forward, and to the left, across the vast plain in front, amidst a terrific cross-fire of shot and shell, which threatened every moment to break our ranks and cause disorder; but the men bore steadily on, and, crossing the main road at a point near where General

