
moved the regiment on yesterday, the 16th instant, by the general's direction, to its present encampment.

I annex a correct list* of casualties which occurred in the regiment during the two days' service experienced across the river.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

JOHN A. DANKS,

Major, Commanding Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain W. L. KIDDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade,

Numbers 150. Report of Brigadier General J. H. Hobart Ward, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Camp near Fredericksburg, Va, December 15, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report the movements of this brigade during the engagement of the 13th instant in front of Fredericksburg.

Under orders from General Birney, commanding division, this brigade crossed the Rappahannock on Saturday, December 13, about 11 a.m.

On arriving at the ground on the left of our position, the brigade was formed in two lines, within 600 yards of the enemy's position, and immediately in rear of two lines of our troops in front. I then received instructions to support the troops in front on their advancing to attack the enemy. During the time of formation,and for some time after, the troops sustained a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries. In consequence of the severity of the fire, the brigade was ordered to take position in the field to the rear, with the exception of the Fifty-seventh and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, which were directed to support Randolph's battery.

The brigade had scarcely formed in the rear, when I again received orders to advance to the front, and, in addition to supporting Randolph's battery, to send a support to the Second Maine Battery, in the field to the right. I detached the Ninety-ninth from Randolph, who, with the Third Maine and Fifty-fifth New York, was sent to the support of the Second Maine Battery. In the mean time the troops in front and those on the right had advanced in force to attack the enemy's position. After forth in great disorder and confusion. I was now directed by General Birney to take two regiments and repulse the enemy, who were following with great rapidity our retreating forces. I immediately advanced the Thirty-eighth and Fortieth New York in line of battle, meeting our troops in full retreat. Their officers, instead of attempting to rally them, endeavored to create a panic among my troops, holding up their hands and exclaiming, "Go back! go back!" Still, the gallant Thirty-eighth and Fortieth advanced.

The enemy was now within 300 yards of our batteries. We were now re-enforced by the Fourth Maine. The three regiments rushed forward with great impetuosity, under a terrific fire from the enemy, who were partially hid behind a ditch. The enemy was soon forced to give way.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 133.

---------------

