
not actually engaged, with the gallant De Trobriand at their head, sustained the enemy's fire nobly.

Of the old regiments of the brigade, viz, the Thirty-eighth and Fortieth New York, the Third and Fourth Maine, it would be superfluous to say a word. Their efficiency, bravery, and devotion have become proverbial. I can only say that they have added another to their brilliant achievements. Colonel Walker, Lieutenant-Colonel Carver, and Major Pitcher were conspicuous in their daring. The latter fell while cheering his men.

The cool Birney and dashing Gesner, in command of the Thirty-eighth and Fortieth, were both wounded while leading their commands, but disdained the thought of leaving the field until the action was over. Heroism and devotion like this should not go unrewarded. Major Lindsay, of the Fortieth, fully sustained his former reputation.

Colonel Lakeman, of the Third Maine, but recently promoted to his command, has given proof to the appointing power that he was well worthy of its confidence. Lieutenant-Colonel Burt and Major Lee, both recently appointed, have well sustained the reputation of the regiment and their State. Major Lee was severely wounded in the thigh, but remained on the field during the whole day.

I know of but one instance of misbehavior in my whole command, which will be brought before the proper tribunal. I cannot mention others without injustice,where all behaved so well, notwithstanding my desire to do so.

It affords me much pleasure to state that Captain J. M. Cooney, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Banks, Raphall, and Leigh of my staff were fully appreciated by the brigade; and that the encomiums lavished upon them for bravery, energy, and devotion were merited I can fully vouch.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. HOBART WARD,

Brigadier-General.

Captain F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Birney's Division.

Numbers 151. Report of Colonel Elijah Walker, Fourth Maine Infantry.

CAMP PITCHER, NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.,

January 1, 1863

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 21st ultimo is at hand. In reply, I will make the following statement:

I left my regiment at White's Ford, Md., October 28, 1862, in compliance with Special Orders, 298, Headquarters Army of the Potomac. During my absence they crossed the river, and marched in zigzag line through Leesburg, Mount Gilead Millville, Middleburg, White Plains, and Salem, arriving near Waterloo November 6. On the 10th crossed the North Fork of the Rappahannock as a support to General Pleasonton's cavalry; recrossed on the 12th; 15th, on picket, 3 miles from camp, along North Fork; 16th, march to Warrenton; 17th, Bealeton and Fayetteville; 18th, to Morrisville. I joined them on the 20th, near Stafford Courth House, at which place they arrived the evening before. The men at this time were very poorly clad, many of them being without overcoats

