
fell at the head of his regiment in repelling a charge of the enemy upon the battery which his regiment was supporting. The conduct of this war-worn regiment was, indeed, most noble.

The Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers was no less conspicuous. Colonel Hayman was ever no the alert. His regiment was in support of a battery, and was always ready. It contributed largely in repulsing the enemy. It has won new laurels in the fight, which, added to its very many old ones makes this organization one of the most noted in the volunteer service.

I have also to mention the good conduct of the One hundred and first New York Volunteers, Colonel Chester commanding. They nobly performed their duty during the fight; also as picket on the night of the retreat. This regiment, though small in numbers, did good service, and its conduct, together with all its officers,was unexceptionable.

The Third Michigan Volunteers and the First New York Volunteers formed my second line. They were not actively engaged, but, by their steady bearing and devotion to duty, have again won my admiration. The conduct of these two regiments could not be bettered.

Next, I have to mention the Seventeenth Maine Volunteers. This was its first engagement; but very few of its members were ever before under fire. Officers and men alike nobly performed their duty; no one would have known but that they were veterans. Colonel Roberts, Lieutenant-Colonel Merrill, and Major West acted nobly, and performed their duties in a most satisfactory manner. This regiment assisted in the repulse of the enemy's attack on our batteries.

I cannot close this report without making honorable mention of Captain G. W. Wilson, my acting assistant adjutant-general, and my aides, Lieuts. J. B. Greenhalgh, George Freeman, and S. S. Huntly. They were active in the performance of their duties, and rendered the most efficient service.

I also feel it my duty to mention Father Tissot, chaplain of the Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers. He was with his regiment during the engagement, and by his bearing and teachings rendered valuable service. He is, indeed, a model chaplain.

The several surgeons of this brigade were on the field, and were very active in the performance of their duties.

Herewith please find a complete list of killed and wounded.* You will observe we have no missing. I am happy to be able to state that I have not a straggler in the whole brigade.

Respectfully your obedient servant,

H. G. BERRY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain F. BIRNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Third Corps.

Numbers 154. Report of Major Moses B. Houghton, Third Michigan Infantry.

CAMP PITCHER, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Third Regiment Michigan Volunteers in the battle of Fredericksburg, Va., December 13, 1862:

In accordance with brigade order, this regiment broke camp Decem-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 134.

---------------

