
bet 11, at 6 a.m. and occupied the position assigned to it in the brigade. After crossing the river, December 13, the regiment marched nearly 1 mile down the river, and was ordered to halt and lie down. After remaining in this position nearly fifteen minutes, I received an order from Lieutenant Freeman, of General Berry's staff, directing me to move the regiment to the front and support Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery, which was at that time hotly engaged with the enemy.

Upon arriving at the battery, I formed my line of battle in its rear, my right resting upon a road running at right angles with my line. I then directed the men to lie down, where they remained nearly an hour. An attempt being then made by the enemy to capture the battery, I moved the regiment nearly 10 rods in front of the battery, which ceased firing. The enemy, failing in their attempts to capture the battery or drive us from our position, hastily retreated to the woods. I then moved by the rear rank to the rear of the battery, and we occupied my first position, where I remained until after dark, when I received an order to place the regiment on picket the right of my line resting upon the left of the pickets of General Robinson's brigade, and to prolong said line. In this position we remained until December 14, 8 p.,m. when I was relieved by another regiment, and ordered to occupy the position first assigned me. December 13, in rear of the battery. In this position we remained until December 15, at 10 p. m., when we received orders to move to the rear where we joined the brigade near the stone house, and marched left in front across the river, where we bivouacked for the night, and the next morning we were marched back to our old camp, where the regiment is at present quartered.

In closing this report, permit me to bring before your attention the names of Capts. E. S. Pierce and I. S. Greer, both acting field officers, who ably assisted me upon the march and during the engagement of Saturday, December 13; also Adjt. George W. Remington, and all officers and men. Each vied with the other in sustaining the reputation of the regiment won at Bull Run, Yorktown, Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, Malvern Hill, Charles City Cross-Roads, Groveton, Chantilly, &amp;c.

The following is a correct list* of the casualties that have occurred.

* * * * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. HOUGHTON,

Major, Commanding Third Michigan Volunteers.

Captain G. W. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 155. Report of Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS, December 18, 1862

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the recent movements of this division and its participation in the battle of Fredericksburg.

In obedience to orders from Headquarters Third Army Corps, dated 9th instant, the division was held in readiness to move, with three days' cooked rations, at an hour's notice, after sunset on the following evening.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. Enlisted men wounded, 6.

---------------

