
val of some two hours between Birney's crossing and mine appeared to be the most animating and critical period of the battle. From right to left, excepting an interval in the center, our whole line, extending several miles hotly engaged the enemy, pressing forward with vigor and occasional success. The heights on the north bank of the river, where this division was massed, commanded, a view of the entire field, and it was easy to sympathize with the enthusiasm which the troops evinced when they saw the head of our column directed to the river.

Soon after the head of my column, reached the south bank, the assistant adjutant-general of the corps brought me orders to move to the front and form in three lines on the left of General Howe. After some delay in finding the exact position of General Howe, I was directed to form in two lines on the right of General Birney. This movement required me to recross the swamp with a portion of my column and move farther to the left, beyond General Franklin's headquarters, which were near Bernard's house, on whose plantation most of the operations of the left wing took place.

When assured of the proper directions, the column advanced double-quick to the Bowling Green road, where reported to the brigadier-general commanding the corps. Crossing the road, the column was deployed in two lines, Brigadier-General Carr, with two regiments of the First Brigade, on the right and four regiments of Colonel Hall's (Second) brigade on the left, of the first line, which was advanced about half way between the Bowling Green road and the railroad; and Brigadier-General Revere's (Third) brigade composing the second line, which was parallel with and the road. Seeley's battery (Company K, Fourth U. S. Artillery) was posted in rear of the center of the first line, in which an interval was left of about 100 yards to unmask the fire of the battery. Dimick's battery (Company H, First U. S. Artillery) was held in reserve east of the road in rear of the second line. Clark's battery (Company B, New Jersey Artillery) had been detached in the morning, by the brigadier-general commanding the corps, and ordered to report to General Smith, of Franklin's grand division, and Smith's battery (Fourth New York), pursuant to orders from headquarters center grand division, had reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Hunt, chief of artillery . A strong line of skirmishers was thrown forward, which engaged the enemy, whose front was concealed by the railroad embankment and the heavy timber covering the ridge from which our troops (Meade's and Gibbon's divisions) had just before been repulsed. The enemy's skirmishers were very active on the right, where they had excellent cover, but the sharpshooters of the First and Second Brigades gained ground until our line crossed the railroad in front, when General Carr sent a company of the First Massachusetts to the burnt chimneys, on his right, and from this position our fire was very effective.

Soon after Seely's guns had been brought into battery, the enemy opened fire with a battery of six guns about 1,200 yards to the left and somewhat in advance. Seeley's position enabled him to enfilade this battery, and I directed him to open fire upon it. He soon got accurate range, and with about 20 rounds, most of which were effective the enemy's battery was silenced and withdrawn under cover of the wood. The One hundred and twentieth New York, Colonel George H. Sharpe (Second Brigade),which had been on detached duty for several days with General Woodbury, of the engineers, reported to me on the field soon after my lines were formed, and was sent forward to enable Colonel Hall, commanding the Second Brigade, to extend himself to the left, so as to con-

