
Corps were withdrawn, I directed Captain Tremain to withdraw mine, and informed General Birney that I would assume whatever responsibility was involved in the withdrawal of his without orders. Learning that the bridges were about to be removed, I went to the bridge head and directed the guards not to disturb the bridges until further orders. In about an hour the remained of the troops of this corps crossed the river, when I followed with my staff.

On the following day (Tuesday) the troops left their bivouac, near the river and proceeded. With their trains, to the camps which they had occupied before the movement.

Inclosed are the reports of Brigadier-Generals Carr and Revere, and Colonel Hall, commanding brigades. It affords me great pleasure to express my acknowledgments to these gallant officers for the zeal and ability with which their duties were performed.

I have the honor also to inclose the report of the commanding officers on detached service, including Lieutenant-Colonel Lounsbury, commanding Fifth Excelsior (Second Brigade): Captain James E. Smith, Fourth New York Battery, and Captain A. J. Clark, Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery to which I respectfully invite attention for the details of the arduous and responsible service upon which they were employed; likewise the reports of Lieutenant F. W. Seeley, Fourth U. S. Artillery commanding Battery K, and Lieutenant J. E. Dimick, First U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery H. These two batteries were in line of battle with the division, although Seeley's battery was detailed on the 10th to cover the engineer party engaged upon the middle pontoon bridge opposite

Fredericksburg, leaving only one battery, which served with the division throughout the movement. Although Dimick's battery was held in reserve, except on Monday, and did not open fire, it was kept well in hand and sustained its reputation for discipline. Seeley's battery was admirably served on several occasions during Saturday and Sunday, and deserves the highest commendation.

To the medical department of the division, and especially to its accomplished and zealous chief, Dr. Sim, unqualified praise is due. The field and general hospitals were promptly established and organized and in conjunction with the ambulance corps, under the energetic and systematic supervision of Lieutenants Webster, Heriman and Dredger the wounded of other division as well as my own were provided with every alleviation which science and humanity could suggest.

Inclosed will be found reports from the surgeon-in-chief,ordnance officer, and quartermaster, to which I respectfully invite attention.*

To the officers of my staff I am under great obligations. On the field, Captain . O. H. Hart, assistant adjutant-general; Captain H. E. Tremain, acting assistant inspector general, and Lieutenant Charles T. Dwight, aide-de-camp, were indefatigable and vigilant in transmitting and superintending the execution of orders, and to Captain Tremain was confided the hazardous and delicate duty of withdrawing my skirmishers and supports after all the troops of the left wing had retired.

The duties of the quartermaster's department under Captain James F. Rusling; of the commissary, under Captain T. W. G. Fry; of the ordnance, under Captain H. D. F. Young, none of which are among the least laborious or responsible, were performed with alacrity and fidelity. Captain Fry assisted me on the field as a volunteer aide at intervals when his regular duties gave him leisure. Lieutenant G. H. Rhodes, First Rhode

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

