
At 10 a.m. on the 15th, my command was relieved by the Third Brigade, and marched to the left and rear. At 6 p.m. I relieved Colonel Hall, commanding the Second Brigade. At 9.30 p.m. in accordance with instructions from General Sickles, I moved my bridge and bivouacked for the night about 1 mile from the Rappahannock.

On the morning of the 16th, at 11 o'clock, my brigade left its bivouac and marched to its former camp.

The following are the casualties; Killed, 9; wounded, 68; missing, 4; total, 81.*

The reports of regimental commanders are herewith forwarded.#

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 157. Report of Colonel George B. Hall, Seventy-first New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EXCELSIOR (SECOND) BRIGADE,Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 18, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from division headquarters, this brigade marched on Thursday, the 11th instant, about 7 a.m., after the First Brigade of this division, with the following regiments: The Fourth Colonel William R. Brewster; Fifth, Captain William H. Lounsbury; First Colonel J. Egbert Farnum; Second Major Thomas Rafferty; Third Colonel William O. Stevens, and about 100 men of the One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Westbrook, the balance of the regiment being on duty under General Woodbury, of the engineers, about 16 miles below on the river.

We marched until arriving near and in rear of General Sumner's headquarters, remaining there until 8 a.m., December 12, sleeping on our arms that night, when we were ordered to march, and moved down in front of Phillips mansion. After halting there until about 2 p.m. we resumed our march, and arrived after dark, near the crossing at the Rappahannock, where the brigade bivouacked.

On Saturday morning, the 13th instant, about 9 o'clock, the brigade was ordered under arms, and, after proceeding a short distance toward the bridges, was halted, and the Fifth Regiment detached therefrom for the purpose of supporting one of De Russy's batteries, not joining us again until after our arrival in camp. For details of its service I would respectfully refer to the report of the commanding officer of that regiment.

After remaining in our position until about 1 o'clock, the brigade was ordered forward; crossed the temporary bridges on the Rappahannock to the other side, and took position, at 3 p.m. immediately in front of the enemy, on the left of the First Brigade, extending our line of battle

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 134.

#No found.

---------------

