
to the left, next to the right of General J. H. Hobart Ward's brigade, of Birney's division. Soon after taking position, the One hundred and twentieth under Colonel Sharpe, arrived, and was placed in line in rear of General Ward's (Birney's division) right.

During the early part of the night, I received orders from division headquarters to relieve the right regiment of General Ward's brigade, which was obeyed by advancing the One hundred and twentieth about 30 paces to the crest of the hill in front, General Ward withdrawing his regiment and moving it to his line. Upon arriving in line of battle, skirmishers were immediately thrown out. We were exposed to the enemy, upon open ground, with but a slight rise between us, at a distance of about 400 paces. The skirmishers were immediately engaged, and their ammunition (60 rounds) was entirely expended shortly after being posted, owing to the heavy and continued firing of the enemy's sharpshooters, stationed in the trees in front, but the men were promptly relieved from their own commands, until dark put an end to the fire on each side.

Sharp skirmish firing was commenced by the brigade on our right at early light of the 14th instant, and continued till toward afternoon, when they followed the example of this brigade by an agreement with the enemy's skirmishers to stop the desultory firing along the line. During the afternoon the One hundred and twentieth Regiment was withdrawn from their advanced position and placed on the left of the line, extending our line of battle to the right.

No firing took place in our front during Monday, the 15th instant, and at 5 p.m. (having held the enemy in check,and been fifty hours in line) this brigade was relieved by the First Brigade, General Carr commanding; moved back into the road, and bivouacked in line.

About 10 p.m. orders were received to form line in rear of the road about 50 paces, and, after remaining a short time, was ordered to move by the right flank in rear of Seeley's battery. Crossed the Rappahannock in good order, bivouacking about a mile this side.

About 10 a.m. on the 16th, the brigade was ordered to proceed toward our old camp, at which place we arrived about 2 p.m. The roads were in a very bad condition from the rain which had fallen the previous night.

To the commanding officer of each regiment,whose names are already mentioned above, I am greatly indebted, for their prompt attention and strict obedience to all orders. I also feel gratified to add that all the officers and men present with their commands deserve a special notice for their good conduct from the time of our departure until our arrival in camp, and I trust will receive the consideration of the general commanding the division.

In connection with the commanding officers of regiments, it affords me great pleasure to notice the prompt and valuable services of the following members of my staff, who were almost continually on duty: Lieutenant H. C. Hinman, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant George W. Claflin, acting aide-de-camp, Lieutenant E. A. Belger, acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant William O'Kell, acting commissary of subsistence. Acting Assistant Quartermasters Bancker having been detailed from the headquarters of this division, his services will no doubt be noticed by the general commanding the division. The brigade, by its conduct, has lost nothing of its former reputation, and never was in better spirits to engage the enemy.

Most of the casualties occurred upon the line of skirmishers, although

25 R R-VOL XXI

