
some of the men were wounded on our line of battle just after our arrival upon the ground.

Your attention is also invited to the accompanying reports of regimental commanders, herewith inclosed.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

GEO. B. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sickle's Division.

Numbers 158. Report of Colonel William R. Brewster, Seventy-third New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, Va., December 17, 1862

LIEUTENANT: I beg leave to report that my regiment broke camp on Thursday morning, 11th instant, and marched about 1 mile on the Falmouth road, where we stacked arms and remained until the morning of the 12th instant:

Friday morning, 12th instant, marched to a point in front of General Sumner's headquarters where we remained until near evening, when we were moved near the lower bridge across the Rappahannock, where we bivouacked for the night.

On Saturday morning, 13th instant, we moved down near the river, and remained until about 2 o'clock in the afternoon,when we crossed, marched about three-quarters of a mile, and formed in line of battle in the open field, about 350 yards from the enemy. Here we threw out skirmishers, and remained until near dark on Mondy, 15th instant, when we were relieved and drawn back into the road, remaining there until about 9 p.m,. when our line was moved about 100 yards farther to the rear. Here we remained for about one hour, when we recrossed the river and bivouacked.

On Tuesday morning, 16th instant, we marched back to the same camp which we left on the 11th instant.

My officers and men all behaved well, and good order and discipline was maintained during the whole time.

I have no casualties to report.

Very respectfully, yours.

WM. R. BREWSTER,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment.

Lieutenant H. C. HINMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Excelsior Brigade.

Numbers 159. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Lounsbury, Seventy-fourth New York Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I hereby transmit the following report of the part taken

