
pany B, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, who was mortally wounded, and died on the 14th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS R. FRANCINE,

Colonel Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigade, Sickles' Division.

Numbers 164. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Olmsted, Second New York Infantry,

commanding One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA.

December 20, 1862

SIR: In compliance with circular of this date, just received, I have the honor to report the part this regiment took in the late action in front of Fredericksburg:

Left our camp in heavy marching order December 11,at 7 a.m. with four days' cooked rations to include the 14th, and took position in brigade line, fifth in line; formed division column to within about 1 3/4 miles of Fredericksburg, in front; stacked arms, and remained all day under arms; bivouacked; during the night issued one day's rations, to include 15th instant:

December 12, was ordered to move in same order, and marched to within three-quarters of a mile of Fredericksburg, near to General Sumner's headquarters; stacked arms, and at about 1 p.m. was ordered to retire to about three-quarters of a mile to the rear. Had arrived in position, when orders again came to move; marched to the front and left about 4 miles; bivouacked in woods; very bad marching.

December 13, issued one day's rations, to include 16th instant. Ordered to march, and crossed the Rappahannock River, about 4 miles below Fredericksburg. Arrived at our position early in the morning and formed brigade line within about 600 or 700 yards of the rebel picket; remained in this position all day; bivouacked until about 11 p.m. when ordered to join my command, with Colonel Park, Second New York Volunteers, and go to the pontoons and relieve regiments there. Relieved Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, Colonel Blaisdell, and guarded the two lower pontoon bridges. He turned over to me 5 prisoners of war. Nothing unusual occurred, except a great quantity of straggling officers and soldiers trying to cross, but my orders were peremptory, and none crossed except those entitled to. Remained on guard all night.

December 14, Lieutenant Fisher, aide-de-camp, ordered me to report my regiment to the brigade line at once; did so; remained under arms all day; received a great number of shells and solid shot from the enemy on our flank, but no one was injured. One man out of ranks after water was hit in the hand by a shell. Remained under arms, on the left of the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers all day and bivouacked. At 11 p.m. was ordered to fall in; did so. Fifteen minutes after, the order was countermanded. Issued one day's rations, to include the 17th; remained in bivouac the rest of the night.

December 15, ordered to the front on picket to relieve the Eleventh

