
Massachusetts, Colonel Blaisdell, and at 11 a.m. sent two companies out on picket, and relieved two companies of the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers. Remained under arms all day, and sunset these two companies were relieved by two others of the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers. At 10 p.m. was ordered to move my regiment silently in retreat to the rear of the Second New York Volunteers, to form the second line, when afterward was ordered to move across the river by the lower pontoon. Bivouacked about 1 3/4 miles from the bridges toward Fredericksburg, Va.

December 16, ordered to move, and marched to our old camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. OLMSTED,

Lieutenant Colonel Second New York Vols. Commanding 115th Pennsylvania.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigade.

Numbers 165. Report of Brigadier General Amiel W. Whipple, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,December 18, 1862

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Stoneman, commanding Third Corps, my division left its encampment on the morning of the 11th instant, and at 8.30 o'clock deployed in the ravine to the left and rear of the Phillips house. It consisted of Piatt's and Carroll's brigades, Potter's regiment, and two batteries, viz, Eleventh New York and Second (Excelsior) New York, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hayward; Battery H, First Ohio Artillery, having been temporarily detached for service on the north bank of the river. Piatt's brigade was composed of the One hundred and twenty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Franklin; the One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers, Colonel Ellis, and the Eighty-sixth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Chapin. Carroll's brigade contained the Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Bowman; the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Crowther, and the One hundred and sixty-third New York Volunteers, Major Byrne. The Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, Colonel Potter, formed an independent command. The Eleventh New York Battery, Captain Von Puttkammer, consisted of six 3-inch rifled pieces; the Second (Excelsior) New York Battery, Captain Bruen, consisted of six light 12-pounder brass pieces, and Battery H, First Ohio Artillery, Lieutenant Norton, consisted of six 3-inch rifled pieces. We remained in position during the day, and bivouacked in the same place at night.

On the morning of the 12th, the division moved as directed to the head of the center bridge. Orders were then received from General Stoneman to move the division over the upper bridge, hold the approaches to the city from the southwest, and, under the orders of General Couch, protect his right flank while moving forward to attack the enemy in front.

