
Numbers 167. Report of Colonel Emlen Franklin, One hundred and twenty-second Pennsylvania Infantry,

commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS PIATT'S BRIGADE,Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 17, 1862

CAPTAIN: In continuation of the report of Brigadier-General Piatt, I have the honor to report that, in consequence of the accident to him, I took command of this brigade early on the morning of the 14th instant.

The battery and the two regiments supporting it were withdrawn before daylight to the shelter of the river hill and neighboring houses, and things remained in this position, with scarcely any molestation from the enemy, until night-fall of the 15th., by orders received, that portion of our picket line between the right of the Twelfth New Hampshire and the point where the Fall Hill road crosses the canal was occupied by other troops, an those of this brigade withdrawn.

The rest of the picket line mentioned in General Piatt's report, consisting of the Fall Hill road, stretching to the right from that point toward the river, was held by one of the regiments, eight companies of which were deployed, with two in reserve, from that time until midnight, when, it pursuance of orders received,six of the companies were withdrawn to the reserve, and the two remaining were extended over the whole line. About 2.30 a.m. on the morning of the 16th, these two companies were withdrawn from the Fall Hill road, and picketed upon the inside line of the canal, and the reserve drawn to the left in support of this new line.

At 4 o'clock in-pursuance of orders received, the two regiments in reserve were marched across the upper pontoon bridge to their former camp, near Falmouth, and at 6.30 a.m. the pickets were called in, and the remaining regiment crossed the bridge, all of which was executed without confusion and in good order.

Casualties: Wounded, 4; missing 5.

It is reported that Lieutenant John P. Weise, of Company A., One hundred and twenty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was detached to the ambulance corps, was taken prisoner by the enemy on the 14th.

Very respectfully submitted.

EMLEN FRANKLIN,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-second Pa. Infty., Commanding Brigadier

Captain HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 168. Report of Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,

December 17, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action at Fredericksburg on the 13th and 14th instant:

About 11 a.m. on the 13th, I received orders from General Whipple, commanding division, through one of his aides, to go to the middle

