
bridge, with my brigade, and report to General Willcox, in Fredericksburg. I did so, and was ordered by General Willcox to cross the brigade and halt on the river bank, in rear of a part of General Sturgis' command.

About 1.30 p.m. I received an order, through an aide, from General Willcox to move up to General Sturgis' support; marched to within a short distance of his headquarters, halted, and reported to General Sturgis in person. He ordered me to move out to the left and, by defiling up some ravines, to approach the enemy's works on his (Sturgis') left, and attract their attention in that quarter. I immediately moved out to obey the order, but the head of my column came in contact with General Griffin's division,which seemed to be moving to the support of General Sturgis, and I joined it, moved abreast of one of his brigades into the railroad cut, and, finding I could move no farther without breaking that column halted there while it filed off to the left. While lying there awaiting directions from General Griffin, I received an order from General Willcox to move forward to the crest, to the support of other troops. I immediately moved forward by a front to the crest of the hill, where I halted, and retained that position until after dark on the 14th instant.

We were exposed to the enemy's artillery from the time we left town, and to a most galling fire of shell, grape, canister, and musketry after we rose from the railroad cut until after dark. We kept up a brisk interchange of musketry with the enemy until dark, when it died away, and was resumed in about half an hour by the enemy attempting to gain the crest from the other side of the hill, but was driven back. After that, at the suggestion of Lieutenant-Colonel Crowther, of that regiment, I sent the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers about 60 yards ahead to a small rise, but they were unable to remain in that position more than a short time, the fire of the troops on our right and left falling among them.

The next day we kept up an occasional dropping interchange of musketry, and a few shells were thrown at us from their batteries on our left.

The regiments under my command behaved in the most gallant manner, and, with the exception of those mentioned in the accompanying regimental reports, every officer, non-commissioned officer, and private did his duty nobly.

Where all did so well it seems invidious to particularize, but I cannot forbear mentioning Colonel Bowman and Major M. Opp, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. Crowther and Major D. M. Jones, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry,and Major J. J. Byrne, One hundred and sixty-third New York Volunteer Infantry,whose coolness, judgment,and inspiring bravery were conspicuous.

My thanks are also due to Captain George Zinn, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant J. F. Vaughn, Seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp, of my staff; Lieutenant R. Johnson, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, provost-marshal of the brigade, and Lieutenant J. Rogers, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, chief of pioneers, for their energy and bravery in a very trying position.

Casualties: Killed, 19; wounded, 83; missing, 11; total, 113, out of 850 taken into action.*

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 135.

---------------

