
All my dead and wounded were removed from the field or buried on the night of the 13th.

I transmit herewith the regimental reports.

Sir, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CARROLL,

Colonel, Eighth Ohio Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 169. Report of Colonel Joseph H. Potter, Twelfth New Hampshire Infantry (unattached.)

POTOMAC CREEK, VA., December 19, 1862

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions from Headquarters Third Corps, Army of the Potomac, dated Bellair, Va., December 9, 1862. my regiment moved from camp, on Potomac Creek,on the morning of December 11, in the direction of Fredericksburg, Va., and bivouacked for the night about 1 mile from the Rappahannock River.

On the morning of the 12th instant, my regiment was ordered up to the river, in front of the lower pontoon bridge. I remained in position near the bridge until 12.30 p.m., when I was ordered to the upper pontoon bridge, in the vicinity of the Lacy house. As my command approached this bridge, the rebels commenced shelling the head of the column. The regiment moved forward until it was sheltered by the bluffs of the river, where it remained until near 5 p.m., when it was ordered to retire to a position in the rear of the Lacy house, and near the railroad. Two officers and 5 enlisted men were wounded by shell and shot when my regiment approached the river.

On the morning of December 13, my regiment was ordered forward, and crossed the Rappahannock by the upper bridge, and took position on the bank of the river.

At about 12 m. the regiment took position on the street (the third from the river), and in the vicinity of the headquarters of General Whipple.

At 2 p.m. my regiment was ordered forward, and took position on Prince Edward street, in the rear of the Kenmore house. It remained in that vicinity as a support to the batteries, Owen's Rhode Island and Battery A, Fourth Artillery immediately in rear of the Kenmore house.

On the night of December 15, my regiment was ordered to,and took position near, the canal, between Carroll's and Piatt's brigades.

At 2.30 a.m. I was ordered to occupy the ground between the reservoir and the Kenmore house, and to establish pickets from the Kenmore house, and to unite with the pickets of Carroll's brigade. Two companies were detailed from this duty, and were placed in position by Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh. The remainder of of the regiment took position on the street (the third from the river), where it remained until 5 a.m. when it was ordered to recross the river and take position in its present camp. Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, after recrossing the river with the regiment, returned to the vicinity of the Kenmore house, and brought over the two companies left there on picket duty.

