
I inclose herewith a list* of the wounded and missing during the recent engagement in the vicinity of Fredericksburg, Va.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. POTTER,

Colonel Twelfth New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Regiment.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Whipple's Division, Bellair, Va.

Numbers 170. Report of Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,December --, 1862

COLONEL: The Fifth Army Corps, under my command, broke camp on the morning of December 11, and marched to the left bank of the Rappahannock. The division moved in three separate lines, the Second Division (General Sykes) on the right by the Stafford road; the First Division (General Griffin) on the left, and to the left of the road passing from camp to the Phillips house, and the Third Division (General Humphreys') in the center, on a route to the right of that taken by General Griffin.

In compliance with instructions previously received, the approaches to a position at the river had been selected and assigned to the division as above. The artillery moved in the rear of the division, with the exception of two batteries, Hazlett's battery (D), Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Waterman's battery (C), Rhode Island Artillery, which had been detached by order of the chief of artillery of the Army of the Potomac. The commands were provided with three days' cooked rations, in haversacks, and forage for the animals with batteries. The command bivouacked on the nights of the 11th and 12th near the river bank, waiting completion of the bridges and crossing of the troops preceding.

About 2 p.m. on the 13th, we were ordered to cross the river. The divisions crossed on the pontoon bridges laid opposite Fredericksburg immediately, in the following order: Syke's on the right, Griffin's on the left, and Humphreys' in the center. Upon our arrival in Fredericksburg, the streets were somewhat obstructed.

At about 3 p.m. Griffin's division was ordered to the rear of Fredericksburg, in front of the enemy's works, to support General Sturgis' command. A few moments after, in compliance with orders received, he relieved General Sturgis. General Humphreys moved up to the junction of Hanover street and the Orange turnpike, General Sykes close in his rear. General Humphrey's division was formed on the left, of the Culpeper road by brigade front; General Sykes on the right of the Culpeper road.

I was ordered to attack and break the enemy's line and carry the heights in our front. The crowded state of the streets of Fredericksburg prevented the crossing of all the artillery. Such portions of it as had crossed the river, including Hazard's battery, which was formed in the street, on the left of Hanover street, were placed in position on the right and left of the point of attack,and ordered to open as concentrated fire upon the enemy's lines during the formation of the infantry, as heretofore stated.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 135.

---------------

