
The report of General Whipple's operations while under my command will reach you through General Stoneman, his corps commander. I can only bear testimony to the cheerfulness and energy with which he and his command devoted themselves to the arduous duties imposed upon them. It remains for me to allude to the conduct of the Fifth Army Corps during these movements.

I hardly know how to express my appreciation of the soldierly qualities, the gallantry, and energy displayed by my division commanders, General Sykes, Humphreys, and Griffin, their subordinates, and commands. General Sykes only too lightly estimates the fine behavior of his men in his official report. I would respectfully call attention to it. General Humphreys personally led his division in the most gallant manner. His attack was spirited, and worthy of veterans. Made as it was by raw troops, the value of the example set by the division commander can hardly be estimated. General Griffin's command was sent to relieve General Sturgis', of General Willcox's corps. This, with my presence, and the other two divisions, during the attack; my lack of knowledge of the position of the enemy previous to the actual commencement of my attack, separated me a portion of the time during the afternoon of the 13th from its movements. Its gallant behavior is attested in the reports of casualties, the detailed report of the operations,and the position to which it advanced under such disadvantages. I recommend that Generals Sykes, Humphreys, and Griffin should receive proper recognition for their services during these operations.

My detailed report seems hardly necessary, when I recall the fact that almost every movement was made under the special eye and direction of Major-General Hooker, who personally knew and witnessed the behavior of my command, and who directed most of the movements executed by the corps during the engagement. His presence gave spirit and encouragement of the troops in this most difficult task. During the absence of a portion of my own staff, by a mistaken impression of where the command was to attack, no orders having been received previous to the arrival of the divisions on the field, I received the most valuable assistance from

Major-General Hooker's staff. Their gallant services will never be forgotten.

General Warren is entitled to honorable mention and reward for his energetic and efficient services in the duties intrusted to him, heretofore alluded to in this report.

Captain S. H. Weed, chief of artillery of the corps, for his energy, bravery, and skill exhibited throughout the entire operations, deserves the favorable notice and reward due a gallant soldier.

To my own staff I owe recognition and mention of their services. Lieutenant-Colonel Locke and Major Kirkland, of General Porter's staff, were present with me during the whole of the operations of the 13th and behaved with great gallantry. Major Kirkland had his horse shot under him. Captain Tucker, Eighteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, was severely wounded in the arm while in the discharge of his duties, and deserves special mention for his services. To the other of my staff, Surg. R. O. Craig, medical director of the Fifth Army Corps, Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram, Captains Sterling and Ryder. Lieutenant Perkins, and Mr. Kernys, volunteer aide-de-camp, I owe recognition for their valuable services.

I am, very respectfully, yours,&amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Center Grand Division.

