
Lieutenant Hazlett's, six 10-pounder Parrotts, were detached by orders from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, and remain absent to this date.

The other batteries of the corps followed their divisions into Fredericksburg on the evening of the 13th, but most of them arrived too late to participate in the action of that day. One battery, Captain Phillips', Fifth Massachusetts, six 3-inch guns, I placed in an advanced position near our center, at 4 p.m. and it opened fire with good effect within 600 yards of the enemy. It remained there until dark.

The next day it was placed in the same position, with Captain Martin's Third Massachusetts near it; but neither of them opened fire, as they were placed as offensive batteries only in case of a general assault upon the enemy's lines.

On the evening of the 15th, all the guns of the corps were placed at and near the Gordon mansion and the street heads adjacent, and were intrenched.

All were withdrawn to this side the river early on the morning of the 16th. Captain Phillips' battery was the only one engaged, and he deserves credit for the manner in which he placed and fought it. The casualties were very few.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WEED,

Captain Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Corps Artillery.

Lieutenant H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

No. 172. Report of Brigadier General Charles Griffin, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Potomac Creek, Va., December 16, 1862.

SIR: The following report in reference to the operations of the First Division of this corps since December 11, is respectfully submitted for the information of the commanding general:

In compliance with orders received from headquarters of the Fifth Corps, this division marched from its present camp at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 11th instant, in the direction of Fredericksburg, and bivouacked at night of the left and rear of the Phillips house.

At about 8 o'clock on the morning of the 12th instant, the division moved to the valley, in rear of the pontoon bridge thrown across the Rappahannock River, near the lower part of the city of Fredericksburg, where it remained under arms during the day, and bivouacked at this point at night.

At an early hour on the morning of the 13th, the division was got under arms, and at about 1 p.m. received an order to cross the river on the bridge above referred to, the head of the column arriving in the city at 2 o'clock.

At about 3 o'clock an order was received from General Butterfield to move the division to the support of General Sturgis' command, and at 3.30 directions to relieve the brigade of General Ferrero, which was

