
engaged, when the First Brigade, under the command of Colonel James Barnes, was moved forward to the front, and perfectly executed the order in a gallant manner, under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry from the enemy.

After the lapse of about an hour, further orders were received to push forward and endeavor to carry the works of the enemy. Immediately the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel J. B. Sweitzer, was advanced, supported on the left by a brigade of Whipple's division, commanded by Colonel Carroll. Our troops advanced, exposed to a severe enfilading fire from both directions, and from a direct fire of artillery and musketry in front. Our ins moved up to within a few yards of the enemy's infantry, who were protected behind stone walls and in trenches, when the fire became so galling that they were compelled to fall back behind the crest of a knoll. At this time the Third Brigade, under command of Colonel Stockton, which had ben held in reserve, was advanced to the support of the brigades already engaged. Yet, owing to the lateness of the day or the obstacles to be overcome, little or no advantage was gained.

The division occupied their ground, which was to the right of what is known as the Telegraph road, until about 10 p.m. of the 14th instant, when it was relieved by a portion of the command of General Sturgis, and retired to the streets of Fredericksburg. At about 10 o'clock on the night of the 15th, the Third Brigade, under the command of Colonel Strong Vincent, was thrown to the front, all occupied the lines previously held by the brigade of this division, relieving the command of Colonel Zook, of Hancock's division, where it remained the troops recrossed the river at 4 o'clock on the morning, of the 16th, when the division marched to the present camp.

The loss of this division was 66 killed and 752 wounded.* Among the latter, dangerously, was Colonel E. G. Marshall, Thirteenth New York Volunteers, a gallant and brave soldier, whose conduct deserves special commendation. Captain Goss, Fourteenth New York Volunteers, a good soldier, is also badly wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Varney, Second Maine Volunteers; Major Michael, Fourteenth New York Volunteers, and others less dangerously.

The conduct of both officers and men of the division was gallant in the extreme, and highly deserving of remark, not a man flinching or a straggler turning to the rear during the advance movement. Colonel James Barnes, commanding First Brigade, is entitled to special notice for his coolness, energy, and marked ability. Colonel Stockton, commanding Third Brigade, and Colonel Sweitzer, commanding Second Brigade, although engaged a shorter period, proved themselves worthy of their commands. Captain C. B. Mervine, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. Charles H. Ross and T. C. Case aides-de-camp, were specially active in the discharge of their duties, often carrying orders through the most exposed portions of the lines.

For detailed statements special reference is called to the different report of the brigade commanders, herewith inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fifth Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.136.

---------------

