
operations of the battery under my command during the recent movements of the army:

On the morning of the 11th instant, my battery marched with the division to near Falmouth, where we remained during the day. At dusk we were ordered to bivouac for the night.

On the morning of the 12th instant, marched to near the railroad depot, where we remained during the day, and bivouacked at night.

On the morning of the 13th instant, marched to the river bank, near the center pontoon bridge, where we remained during the day, and bivouacked at night.

On the morning of the 14th instant, I was ordered by Captain Weed, chief of artillery of the corps, to cross the river with my battery to Fredericksburg, and take a position on the left of the

poor-house, near Gunnery Green, but not to open fire upon the enemy without special orders. The battery was placed in position as directed and remained in position, without engaging the enemy, until the evening of the 15th instant, when I was ordered by Captain Weed to change my position to the right of the town, near Gordon's house, and commenced throwing up earthworks with my men, which were to be completed by daybreak the next morning. It was impossible to find entrenching tools, except the picks and shovels on the caissons, until about midnight, when we received a supply from a neighboring battery, which, with the assistance of a company of infantry, enabled us to nearly complete the works for one section by 4 a.m., when I received orders from General Griffin to withdraw my battery, recross the river, and return to my old camp near Potomac Creek railroad bridge.

No casualties or accident occurred during the movement. No ammunition expended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

No. 175. Report of Captain Charles A. Phillips, Battery E, Massachusetts Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following report of the battery under my command:

On the 11th instant, in conformity with orders from division headquarters, I left camp, and marched toward Fredericksburg.

During the 11th and 12th, I remained in position with the division.

About 4 p.m. on the 13th, by orders from Captain Weed, I crossed the river by the pontoon bridge opposite the lower part of Fredericksburg, and came into battery between the poor-house and some brick-yards. The enemy immediately opened on us from several pieces of artillery on the hills in our front, killing 1 of my men and wounding 1. I opened upon the enemy's infantry, behind a stone wall at the bottom of the hill, with what effect I cannot say. After dark, having fired 107

