
The casualties are as follows:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

Officers	 3	 37	 ---

Men	 23	 338 	 113

Total	 26	 375	 113

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES BARNES,

Colonel Eighteenth Massachusetts, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. B. MERVINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Griffin's Division.

No. 177. Report of Colonel Jacob B. Sweitzer, Sixty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, December 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this brigade moved from this camp on the morning of the 11th, before daylight, to a point near the Phillips house, opposite Fredericksburg. Remained there till night, then bivouacked on the field adjoining.

Next morning, 12th, moved to the railroad station; staid there until evening, then went up to the hillside above, and bivouacked.

On the afternoon of Saturday, the 13th, at 1.30 o'clock, crossed the lower pontoon brigade, opposite Fredericksburg; returned again before all the brigade had crossed; again the bridge immediately to Fredericksburg; marched up the street to the brick-yard; thence to the right into the fields beyond; thence by the front up the plain, in the face of the fire of the enemy's batteries and musketry, and took a position in front with the First and Third Brigades, and maintained it till after dark on Sunday, the 14th, when we relieved. Came back to Fredericksburg; remained in the streets that night during Monday, the 15th.

Monday night were assigned to a new position in the streets; took it, and remained till about 5 o'clock Tuesday morning; thence recrossed the river by the upper bridge to former place of bivouac; remained and breakfasted there, and thence returned to the present camp.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. B. SWEITZER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Brigadier General CHARLES GRIFFIN,

Commanding First Division, Fifth Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.135.

---------------

