
My command resumed its bivouac, and the day following occupied its present camp.

I desire to express my thanks to General Warren, U. S. Army; Colonel R. C. Buchanan, Fourth U. S. Infantry, and Major Andrews, Eleventh Infantry, commanding brigade brigades, for their cordial and hearty assistance in all the movements directed.

Major Lovell, Tenth Infantry, the permanent commander of the Second Brigade, joined from leave, and assumed command of his troops on the morning of the 15th.

Colonel Buchanan, with his brigade, and the Fifth New York Volunteers, Colonel Winslow, covered our front during the passage of the troops, and effectually prevented the advance of the enemy's skirmishers.

My personal staff performed their various duties satisfactorily. i mention their names, and recommend them to the favorable consideration of the authorities. Captain George Rayn, Seventh U. S. Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. S. Snyder, Third U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Heyward Cutting, Tenth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George T. Ingham, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, acting aide-de-camp.

Major William Cutting, aide-de-camp to General Burnside, kindly offered his services both on the evening of the 13th and on the morning of the 16th. They were gladly accepted, and I desire to thank him for the assistance he rendered me.

The medical department, under Dr. Ramsey, U. S. Army, was managed with great care and efficiency, and Dr. Ramsey and his assistants deserve every consideration for their skill and attention.

The reports of brigade, battalion, and artillery commanders accompany this report. I respectfully concur i the recommendations of personal merit given therein.

Casualties: Killed - officers,1; enlisted men, 15; wounded-officers 5; enlisted men, 158; missing - officers, 1; enlisted men, 48. Total, 228.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps.

No. 182. Report of Lieutenant Malbone F. Watson, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding Division Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the artillery of the division during the advance upon the enemy from the 11th to the 17th of December, inclusive:

On the morning of the 11th, Battery I, Fift U. S. Artillery, left its camp, near the Henry house, and marched to a point on the Telegraph road near the crest of the hill by the river. It remained at this point till Saturday evening, the 13th, when it moved across the river with the division, and was placed in an outer street of the city, but not in position.

---------------

*But see revised statement.p.136.

---------------

