
While there, 1 man was wounded slightly and 2 horses killed by a shell from the enemy's batteries on the hill beyond the city. On Monday evening, the 15th, the battery was ordered to the Gordon mansion, on the right of the city, and there took position until ordered to retire across the river early the following morning.

I have to report the loss during the retreat of the body of the battery wagon, thrown into the river by order of General Hooker, to prevent obstructing the movement of the army, the wheels having sunk in the soft mud at the north end of the pontoon bridge, across the river. Every effort was made to extricate it, but unsuccessfully.

I inclose herewith the report of the commander of Battery L, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. WATSON,

First Lieutenant Fifth Artillery, Commanding Division Artillery.

Captain GEORGE RYAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sykes' Division.

No. 183. Report of Lieutenant Frederick Dorries, Battery L, First Ohio Light Artillery.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from you this morning, I have the honor to make following report of the movements of Battery L, First Ohio Artillery, since the 11th instant, viz:

On the 10th instant, I received orders to issue days' cooked rations to the men, and be ready to march at 5 a.m. on the 11th instant.

On the 11th instant, I had our tents struck, and was ready, in accordinance with your orders. I broke camp about 7.30 a.m., marching in the rear of Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery. We marched about 3 miles, halting in a ravine just back of Falmouth, where we remained until the afternoon of the 13th instant, when I received orders to fall in my regular place, in the rear of Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, when we crossed over to Fredericksburg, just about dark, on the upper bridge, and proceeded to the rear of town, and drew off on the side of a back street, where we remained until the morning of the 15th instant. About 10 o'clock we were order to move back, out of range of the enemy's guns, on the first street above the river, where we remained until evening, when I received orders to relieve Battery A, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and went into position at the rear of town, in the place formerly occupied by that battery, I drew my caissons off on the first street back of us, under shelter. I remained there until about 2 o'clock in the morning, when I received orders to move on to this side of the river, and moved in the rear of Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, crossing the river about 6 a.m. of the 16th instant, and moving up on the hill back of Falmouth, where we remained until the morning of the 17th instant, and moved back to our old camp, having met with no casualties during the time we were gone.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. DORRIES,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery L, First Ohio Artillery.

Lieutenant WATSON,

Chief of Division Artillery.

27 R R-VOL XXI

