
we occupied in the city. In consequence of this, a portion of the arms were lost.

On the evening of the 15th, we changed position three times, and toward morning I was informed that the regiment held the advance of the army, and received order to dispute any advance of the enemy until relieved. I accordingly sent Company H, Lieutenant Helm, to the front, which orders to contest position with the enemy until further orders. Lieutenant Helm shortly after reported the enemy advancing in line of battle, and received orders to still hold position. About an hour after his, I was ordered to fall back to the bridge, and, on arriving there, was directed to furnish 100 men on the bank. This detail was furnished, under the command of Lieutenant Kent. The remainder of the regiment, the last regiment, I believe, to cross, reached our former bivouac at about 10 o'clock on the 16th, and reached this camp on the 17th at 11 a.m.

I submit a list of the officers present: Captain John W. Wilkins, commanding the regiment; Captain Thomas W. Walker, acting field officer; First Lieutenant J. Ford Kent, commanding Company A, and acting regimental quartermaster; Lieutenant William H. Penrose, commanding Companies B and G; Lieutenant Daingerfield Parker, commanding Company E; Lieutenant John H. Page, commanding Company I; Lieutenant George B. Eckert, commanding Company C; Lieutenant Henry Asbury, commanding Company F; Second Lieutenant John Whitney, commanding Company K; Second Lieutenant Isaac A. Helm, commanding Company H; Second Lieutenant August Kaiser, acting regimental adjutant; Second Lieutenant George K. Pomeroy;

Second Lieutenant Stanley Mourton; Second Lieutenant Louis M. Hamilton, commanding Company D, and Actg. Asst. Surg. H. M. Hall.

A list* of the killed, wounded, and missing accompanies this report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. WILKINS,

Captain Third U. S. Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

First. Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 186. Report of Captain Hiram Dryer, Fourth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 19, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to instructions received from the headquarters First Brigade Regular Infantry, I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the Fourth Regiment of Infantry during the seven days commencing on the 11th and ending on the 17th December, 1862:

In accordance with an order received, the regiment broke camp at 4 a.m. on the 11th instant, and proceeded, with the remainder of the brigade, to near the north bank of the Rappahannock, and formed line of battle my battalion, in which position it remained until 2 p.m. on the 13th instant, when it was ordered to cross the river at Fredericksburg. Having crossed, the regiment was then moved through the city, and ordered into position, about sundown, in the cemetery, at the south side

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.136.

---------------

