
a.m., and marched to the vicinity of Falmouth, where we rested, ready to move, until Saturday at about 2 p.m., when we crossed the river, and, passing through the city, were placed on reserve on the outskirts. This was about dusk. After dark we were advanced to the front, and continued in this position that night and Sunday, under an annoying fire from the sharpshooters of the enemy. Both battalions, however, were sheltered by a sloping bank, and our loss was small, though the rifle-pits of the enemy, about 200 feet in front, and two wooden buildings on our right, afforded points from which a continued fire was delivered at us. A battery on our right fired one shell at us, but the operations was not repeated, owing to the kindly efforts of the Third and Fourth Infantry, on our right.

After dark, on Sunday, we were relieved and marched into the city, where we bivouacked until Monday evening, when we were placed in a street nearer the front, and again, at about 2 a.m. on Tuesday, were moved still farther to the front (being in the advance). At about daylight the First Battalion left its position, and was drawn up in the second street from the river, to cover the crossing to the troops, skirmishers being thrown to the front and right. The Second Battalion continued in the second street from the outskirts until ordered to recross the river, their skirmishers being in our rifle-pits in front, to the last exchanging shots with the advancing skirmishers of the enemy. This was at about 6.30 or 7 a.m. At a given signal, the First Battalion crossed the river, its skirmishers, with those of the Third Infantry, all under command of Captain Winthrop, Twelfth Infantry, retiring to the bank of the river, and being the last organized troops to cross.

Our situation on Sunday called for patience and coolness, and both were shown by officers and men of both battalions. The following officers were present during these operations: First

Battalion-Captain M. M. Blunt, commanding battalion; Captain H. R. Rathbone, commanding Company C; Captain Francis Wister, commanding Company G; Captain F. Winthrop, commanding Company B; Captain S. S. Newbury, commanding Company H; First Lieutenant H. E. Smith, Commanding Company D; First Lieutenant J. A. Duvillard, commanding Company F; Second Lieutenant E. C. Allen, commanding Company A; Second Lieutenant R.h. Pond, commanding Company E; First Lieutenant T. H. Evans; Second Lieutenant W. McC. Netterville; Second Lieutenant T. D. Urmston; Second Lieutenant G. Lamonion; Second Lieutenant A. Thieman, and First Lieutenant M. H. Stacey, adjutant. Second

Battalion-Captain T. M. Anderson, commanding battalion; Captain A. J. Dallas, commanding Company B; Captain T. S. Dunn, commanding Company D; First Lieutenant J. S. Campbell; First Lieutenant B. R. Perkins, commanding Company G; First Lieutenant E. Wells, commanding Company A; First Lieutenant D. D. Vanvalzah, commanding Company C; First Lieutenant F. A. Tracy, commanding Company E, and First Lieutenant H. C. Egbert, adjutant Second Battalion.

Actg. Asst. Surg. S. D. Grant attended to the wounded.

Inclosed are lists of killed and wounded.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. BLUNT,

Captain Twelfth Infantry, Commanding in the Field.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.136.

---------------

