
to his strong position. When relieved, the brigade was moved back into the town, where it remained until near 12 o'clock on the evening of the 15th instant, when it was posted to cover the withdrawal of the army to this side of the Rappahannock.

About the dawn of day on the 16th instant, I was directed to move the regiment to the lower bridge, and protected the crossing. Lieutenant Powell, aide-de-camp to brigade commander, accompanied me, and, hearing the brigade had been taken up, directed me to halt, and went forward and satisfied himself that such was the case, and reported the fact to his chief; whereupon I was ordered to the upper bridge, to protect that crossing. While there, General Hooker passed,and ordered that regiment to cross to this side, and on being told the duty assigned to the regiment in this position, he repeated the order, and the regiment crossed over. The regiment bivouacked with the brigade, and marched to this camp next day, the 17th instant. During the whole affair I had but 4 men wounded. Captain Locke was detached on the evening of the 16th instant to superintend the construction of earthworks in the front. The conduct of the officers and men was excellent. Captain Thatcher ably commanded the Second Battalion.

List of officers present with the regiment of this occasion: Captain O'Connell, acting field officer, commanding First Battalion and regiment; Captain Keyes, acting field officer. First Battalion: Company A, Lieutenant Henton; Company D, Lieutenant Bellows; Company E, Captain Burbank; Company G, Lieutenant Brodhead; Company H, Lieutenant Moroney; adjutant, Lieutenant Loosley; assistant surgeon, Dr. Bacon. Second Battalion: Captain Overton, acting field officers; Captain Thatcher, acting field officer, commanding battalion; Companies A and H, Lieutenant Bainbridge; Companies B and C, Captain Watson; Company F, Lieutenant Porter; Company E, Lieutenant McKibbin; Company G, Captain Locke; Company D, Lieutenant Douglas; adjutant, Lieutenant Vanderslice; assistant surgeon, Dr. Jaquett.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. O'CONNELL,

Captain Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Regiment in the Field.

Lieutenant POWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 189. Report of Major George L. Andrews, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, Camp on Potomac Creek, Va., December 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: This brigade, under my command, left camp on the morning of the 11th instant, and marched near Falmouth, Va., and bivouacked. About 4 p.m. on the 13th instant, the march was resumed, and, crossing the Rappahannock River on the upper bridge, the brigade passed through Fredericksburg, Va., and were placed in position on the south side of

