
No. 191. Report of Captain Henry E. Maynadier, Battalion Tenth U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully report that the battalion of the Tenth Infantry under my command crossed the Rappahannock with the rest of the brigade about 4 p.m. on the afternoon of the 13th instant, and, passing rapidly through the city of Fredericksburg, reached the field in which a sharp battle was progressing. Being halted in rear of a line which charged the enemy and retired in some confusion, a detail of 6 men, with myself, Lieutenants Hall, Boyce, and others, assisted in rallying them.

By this time it was dark, and about 8 p.m. I was ordered by Major Andrews, Seventeenth Infantry, who then command the brigade, to place the battalion on picket in front of our position. About 11 or 12 o'clock the line was advanced, and the battalion again placed on picket very near the enemy's lines, within 80 yards.

At daylight on Sunday, the 14th, the pickets were driven in, except from one station behind a house, which was held all day, and from which many effective shots were fired at the rebels, who lined the stone wall which formed their main defense. The rest of the battalion was placed in a sheltered position behind a house, and remained all day, the enemy keeping up a continuous fire upon them and the rest of the brigade.

At 11.45 p.m. on the night of the 14th, the battalion was relieved from duty and marched into Fredericksburg, where it bivouacked on the sidewalk.

During the 15th, the battalion remained in Fredericksburg, and about dawn on the morning of the 16th crossed the pontoon bridge, and returned to the bivouac from which it had started on the 13th.

Casualties: Killed,1; wounded,4.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. MAYNADIER,

Captain Tenth Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Second Brigade, Sykes' Division.

No. 192. Report of Captain Charles S. Russell, Battalion Eleventh U. S. Infantry.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report:

Early in the morning of the 11th of December, 1862, the First Battalion and Company A, Second Battalion, of the Eleventh Infantry, composing the force under my command, left their camp, near Potomac Creek, Va., and were moved to a new position, about half a mile in rear of Falmouth, where it remained until the afternoon of the 13th, when we crossed the river about 4 p.m., and, rapidly passing through the town, deployed in an open field in the suburbs, and were thrown immediately into action, as a support to the troops in front attacking the

