
enemy's position. While here we exposed to a heavy fire; but, the men lying down, our loss was only 2 wounded; the weight of the enemy's fire passing a short distance above our heads. I regret to state that Captain James K. Lawrence was here severely wounded in the throat, while gallantly rallying some broken troops in our front. We remained until late in the evening on the field, and then advanced to a position about 75 yards in front of a stone wall, occupied by the enemy, who opened a heavy fire from sharpshooters upon us at daylight, and continued the fire all day. Under this fire we lay all day, unable to return a shot, our only protection being to lie flat on the ground. At night we were relieved, and fell back to the city. Our loss was 1 killed and Lieutenant Kennington and 16 men wounded.*

We occupied Fredericksburg during, the 15th, and early in the morning of the 16th recrossed the river and bivouacked in our old position behind Falmouth. On the 17th, we returned to our camp near Potomac Creek.

I have only to add that both officers and men of my command showed the tenacity and disciplined courage characteristic of regular troops.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS S. RUSSELL,

Captain Eleventh Infantry, Commanding First and Second Battalion.

Major GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 193. Report of Brigadier General Governor K. Warren, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the corps commander, that, in obedience to the order assigning to me the duty of arranging a line of earthwork defenses on the south side of the city of Fredericksburg, on the night of Monday, December 15, battery epaulements and rifle-pits, connecting with brick houses and walls, intended to be loop-holed, and barricading all the streets, were built, extending from the plateau to the right of the Gordon house to the street to the left (east) of Hanover street. Those to the right of Amelia street were built by General Humphreys' division, and the batteries assigned to that portion. Those extending from Amelia street to the Plank road, the barricade for artillery across that road, connecting with the grave-yard wall, and the barricade on the left of the same wall across Commerce or William street, were built by the details from the First and Second Brigade of your division. The barricade of Hanover street and the rifle-pits to the left of it were built by Colonel Garrard, with a detail from his regiment, the One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers.

The whole presented to the view of the enemy the next morning a complete line, and could have been connected and strengthened during the day without interference from him. I designed to assign this duty to Colonel O'Rorke, with his regiment, the One hundred and fortieth

---------------

*See revised statement,p.136.

---------------

