
New York Volunteers, and they were kept in reserve for this purpose during the night.

I cannot omit to praise the energy exhibited by the working details, as shown by the work accomplished with a great deficiency of tools, and must mention particularly Colonel Garrard and Captain Locke.

The Fifth New York Volunteers, under Colonel Winslow, performed the guard duty in front of our lines during the whole night in a most efficient manner, and during the withdrawal at daylight effectually disputed the advance of the enemy's pickets, so that no attempt was made to pursue us. It also constructed rifle-pits in advance of the main line.

Our casualties since crossing the river on the 13th instant are 6 wounded and 27 missing.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE RYAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Fifth Corps.

No. 194. Report of Brigadier General Andrew A. Humphreys, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Camp near Fredericksburg, Va., December 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit the following brief report of the part taken in the action of the 13th instant of Fredericksburg by the division under my command:

My division (about 4,500 strong), being massed in the vicinity of the Phillips house, received orders at 2.30 in the afternoon to cross the river and enter Fredericksburg, which being done,it occupied, by your orders, in quick succession three positions in that time. My troops were yet in the act of forming for the third time when I received an urgent request from Major-General Couch to support that part of his corps on the left of the Telegraph road, and almost at the same moment a staff officer rode up and informed him that General Griffin would re-enforce him. A few minutes later I was directed to do so, and without an instant's delay the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Allabach, the nearest to the field, was moved to the front, and order sent by me at the same time to General Tyler, commanding the First Brigade, to follow and form on its right.

Subsequently, when forming the troops for the attack, Captain Randol, First U. S. Artillery, chief of artillery of my division, whom I had ordered to keep the artillery in some sheltered place, reported to me on the field for further instructions. I directed him to hold the artillery within supporting distance on the heights, so that in the event of any aid being required or disaster occurring he would be at hand to support or cover us. This direction he carried out promptly so far as the ground that was not part of the ground occupied by the enemy or our own troops, and the necessity was so urgent that I could not take time to examine it. At my request an officer of General Hancock's staff (Captain Hancock)

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.136.

---------------

