
Colonel Clark, One hundred and twenty-third Regiment, and of Captain Tyler, One hundred and twenty-third Regiment, in bringing up the men to the charge and in conducting them from the field, fell particularly under my own observation, and I desire to bring their conduct to your notice.

I cannot express in too warm terms my indebtedness to the officers of my staff for the service they rendered me. The cool gallantry with which they aided in forming the troops, leading them to the charge, and rallying them when retiring; in conveying my orders over the field, and in seconding all my efforts to accomplish the object of our presence there, entitles them to some mark of approbation from some authority higher than time. I beg leave, to mention their names: Captain Carswell McCellan, assistant

adjutant-general; Lieutenant Humphreys and Christiancy, aides-de-camp; Captain Herbert Thomas, One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting inspector-general; Captain Knowles, commissary of subsistence; Captain A. Cavada, Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, additional aide-de-camp, and Captain Rehrer, One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, additional aide-de-camp. Captain Thomas, when his horses was killed in the charge, joined his company, and,while leading it, was severely wounded. Captains Knowles and Rehrer and Lieutenant Humphreys were slightly wounded.

In conclusion, I cannot refrain from expressing the opinion that one of the greatest obstacles to my success was the names of troops lying on our front line. They ought to have been withdrawn before mine advanced. The troops on their right and left would have prevented the enemy from advancing. Finding them lying there, the men of Allabach's brigade, who had never before been in battle, instinctively followed their example. Besides, they disordered my lines and were greatly in the way when I wished to bring the brigade to a charge. When General Tyler's brigade advanced they, together with some of my own men of Allabach's brigade, not only impeded its progress, but converted it, as I have already stated, into a massive column too large to be managed properly. As soon as the troops were placed in the new positions they were directed to occupy, parties were sent out to bring in the wounded and dead, and the division ambulances and stretcher-bearers were dispatched upon the same errand. The latter,however, had scarcely any stretchers, the repeated requisitions for the same never having been filled. They were obliged to use shutters. The wounded were nearly all brought in before daylight, and some of the dead, but many of the latter were left upon the field. I ordered out burying parties on the following night, but it was extremely difficult by distinguish ours, and utterly impossible for the parties to bring off all who were lying there. The bodies of many of the men were, therefore left, there. Surgeon McKinney, One hundred and thirty-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting medical director of the division during the sickness of Surgeon Knight, prepared hospitals in the town, and made every arrangement possible for the care of the wounded. They received prompt and skillful treatment,and the most careful attention at his hands, as fast as they were brought in. His conduct deserves great praise.

The detailed report of killed, wounded, and missing, with the statement of accounts, is not yet completed, but will be prepared and transmitted as soon as possible. For the present, I present a tabular statement of casualties, with a list of officers killed and wounded. The missing of the tabular statement are undoubtedly killed.

28 R R-VOL XXI

