
I reported to General Hooker, and, ascertaining from him the direction of the point of attack, I directed the march of the battery to the only unoccupied place that I could find along our front that bore upon that point. Just prior to the arrival of the head of my column, a portion of the ground was occupied by a section of Kirby's battery, which, leaving me room for only one section, I ordered forward the section of Battery C, First New York Artillery, and placed it in battery, holding my own battery as a unit to be used in case of necessity.

After the close of the action, I was ordered by General Humphreys to withdraw my battery to its former position in the town. The battery remained in this position till the evening of the 15th, when it moved to a point selected during the day by the chief of artillery of the corps, where we began entrenching ourselves, till ordered by General Warren to cease work. We remained in position till ordered by the chief of artillery of the corps to recross the river.

Arrived at General Sumner's headquarters, about daylight on the morning of the 16th, and camped in that vicinity till the morning of the 17th, when we returned to the old camp of the division.

The position I occupied during, the battle was on the outskirts of the city, between the Telegraph and Plank roads, about 20 yards from the former. In my own battery I lost nothing, either in men or material, except I may regard as lost a number of picks and spades, which I was directed to lend to a regiment of the division, the whereabouts of which I have not yet ascertained.

For particulars of the part taken in the battle by the section of Battery C, First New York Artillery, I wold respectfully refer to the accompanying report of Lieutenant Phillips.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. RANDOL,

Captain First Artillery, Commanding Division of Artillery.

Captain McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

No. 196. Report of Second Lieutenant William H. Phillips, Battery C, First New York Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR POTOMAC CREEK, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with artillery orders, of September 12, 1862, from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, the following statement with reference to section of Barnes' batter, attached to Third Division, Fifth Army Corps, commanded by Lieutenant William H. Phillips, is respectfully submitted:

Upon December 11, the section left its encampment near Potomac Creek, Va., and proceeded in the directions of Fredericksburg about 1 1/2 miles, where we remained in line until 6 p.m., when, by orders from Captain Randol, acting division chief of artillery, the section was encamped for the night.

At daybreak of the 12th instant, we were in line ready for anticipated movements. During the forenoon we moved forward to the Phillips house, arriving there at 11.30 a.m., held ourselves in readiness

