
to immediately move,if necessary, until 5 p.m. when we again encamped for the night.

At 7 a.m. of the 13th instant, we moved from our camp to the rear of the Phillips house; remained there until 2.30 p.m., when, in conjunction with our division, we crossed into Fredericksburg at the center bridge. After much delay, the section was ordered to the front, and put into position upon the extreme outskirts of the town at 4.45 p.m., but 500 yards from the enemy's rifle-pits, and from 800 to 1,300 yards from the works from which their cannon belched forth constantly shot, shell, and canister. Opened fire with fuse shell; continued it until the final charge was made, when we received orders to cease firing. Total of ammunition expended, 47 rounds.

Upon examination, we ascertained that the axle-tree of the right gun was so shattered as to render it worthless. I immediately sent the gun to the rear, under charge of a non-commissioned officer.

Upon the 15th instant, I ascertained that axle-tress could be obtained at Falmouth Depot. Sergeant Hazelton was immediately dispatched to the depot to procure an axle-tree, cause the gun to be remounted, and bring it to the front; which he did, getting it in position at 9 p.m. of the 15th instant.

At 3 a.m. of the 16th, we received orders to quietly evacuate and come to the rear, which we did, arriving upon this side at 7 a.m., and returned to our camp near the Phillips house, arriving there at 7.30 a.m.; occupied the camp until the morning of the 17th, when we returned to this camp.

Our casualties were slight - one horse killed and another wounded.

Guns, 3-inch rifled. Carriages were built by Eaton, Gilbert &amp; Co., of Troy, N. Y.

WILLIAM H. PHILLIPS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Section.

Captain A. M. RANDOL,

Commanding Division Artillery.

No. 197. Report of Brigadier General Erastus B. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS TYLER'S BRIGADE, Camp in the Field, December 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the Third Division, that I marched from our bivouac, on the morning of the 13th instant, with the Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry, 23 officers and 401 men; the One hundred and thirty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, 24 officers and 518 men; the One hundred and twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, 26 officers and 606 men, and the One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, 26 officers and 575 men, making a total of 99 officers and 2,100 enlisted men.

From the time we left camp until we were ordered into action no opportunity was afforded the regimental commanders to have further calls, but such efforts were made to prevent straggling in crossing the river, and in passing through the city of Fredericksburg, as to induce me to believe that, with the exception of the regimental detail of 12

