
(fracture of the right), and was carried off the field,

Lieutenant-Colonel Rowe assuming command. Colonel Gregory received a slight wound in the hand, and his horse fell under him, pierced with five balls. Major Todd, of the Ninety-first, lost right leg from a shell just before the charge was sounded, and I fear it will cost his life. He was a brave and valuable officer. Adjutant Reed, of the One hundred and thirty-fourth, received a serious wound in the thigh while at the head of his regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong had his horses shot under him. Adjutant Green and Tayman exhibited great coolness in the discharge of their duties. Captains Lieb, Taylor, Breckenridge, Lawrence, Hague, Lyons, Walker, McCready, and Doubler were severely wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel O'Brien had a very narrow and miraculous escape a ball passing through his saddle from front to rear directly under him. It may not be improper for me to say that Captain Thomas, acting inspector-general, upon your staff, after having his horses shot, and thus prevented from serving you, joined his company in the One hundred and twenty-ninth, and was wounded while leading them in the charge.

I desire to call the particular attention of the commanding general to the accompanying reports from the regimental commanders relative to the creditable conduct of officers of the line.

I take pleasure in being able to report that the medical department of the command was well and ably conducted; and although a number of our medical officers were absent, under the personal attention of the acting medical director, Dr. McKinney, assisted by the acting brigade surgeon, Nugent, our wounded were well and promptly attended to. Colonel M. S. Quay, last of the One hundred and

thirty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, was upon my staff as a volunteer aide-de-camp, and to him I am greatly indebted. Notwithstanding is enfeebled health, he was in the saddle early and late, ever prompt and efficient, and especially so during the engagement on the field.

To my staff who were with me, Captain H. C. Ranney, assistant

adjutant-general, and Lieutenant James B. Diehl, aide-de-camp, and I particularly indebted for their promptness and untiring efforts during the entire six days and nights that we were under arms.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

Captain CARSWELL McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 198. Colonel Edgar M. Gregory, Ninety-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the engagement with the rebels at Fredericksburg Heights, Va., on the afternoon of the 13th instant:

At about 12 a.m. we crossed the pontoon bridge, and proceeded to some of the stores in the central part of the city, where, by order, we deposited therein the knapsacks and surplus baggage of the officers and men, after which the regiment took up the line of march for the rear

