
Daily, of Company K, one of the color-bearers, with others, immediately bore him back, so as to be protected by the house, and he was afterward carried from the field. He was leading his horse in front of his own regiment, and close to the first line, when he fell. I immediately assumed command. At the same time the colonel fell, Captain Doebler, of Company A; Captain John H. Walker, of Company Reed, of Company D, with Lieutenant Pott, of Company B, and Lieutenants Mackey and Fletcher, of Company H, were wounded. Of these officers, it is sufficient to say that they fell, wounded, while leading their respective companies gallantly forward. Captain

John H. Walker deserves especial mention, for, though wounded by a ball his right shoulder, he rallied his company, and declared that one arm was enough to lead his men to another charge, and only left the field on my peremptory command to do so. Captain Wharton of Company F, feeble from sickness, was run over and badly tramped while trying to rally his men. All the officers who went into the charge behaved well.

Captain Andrew R. Davidson, with his lieutenants, Rowe and Reid, of Company K, assisted by Sergeant-Major Ziegler, led his company down the broad lane, to the left of the house, with coolness and gallantry. Captain W. W. Walker, of Company E, had his overcoat riddled with balls. His lieutenants, Walker and Breneman, behaved as became soldiers. These two companies were the first to form around the colors. Captain W. H. Davison, Company B; Captain Brownson, Company C; Lieutenant Welsh, Company A; Lieutenant Hullinger, Company D; Lieutenant McWilliams and Bonsall, of Company F, and Captain Miles and Lieutenant McCurdy, of Company G, deserve the highest praise for the manner in which they conducted themselves in the charge and afterward, for t he picket duty which the regiment was called to perform on the night of the 15th and morning of the 16th tested the courage of officers and men as much as the charge.

It is proper that I should mention the praiseworthy conduct of Corporal Jones, of Company H, who, when the color-bearer of the One hundred and thirty-fourth Regiment was killed, took up their colors and brought them off. Sergeant Anderson, of Company B, has also been reported to me as deserving mention for his gallantry.

I herewith transmit a correct list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the regiment, which foots up as follows: Killed, 12; wounded, 59; missing,14.*

There is but little doubt that the missing were left dead on the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. WATSON ROWE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 126th Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain H. C. RANNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 200. Report of Colonel Jacob G. Frick, One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from headquarters First Brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the casualties

---------------

*See revised statement,p.137.

---------------

