
among the officers of my regiment in the battle of Fredericksburg December 13, 1862, as required by army regulations:

Killed.-Jacob Parvin, second lieutenant, Company B.

Wounded.-George J. Lawrence, captain, Company A, severely; William Wren, captain, Company B, slightly; Jonathan K. Taylor, captain Company C, severely; Herbert Thomas, captain, Company D, slightly; E. Godfrey Rehrer, captain, Company E, slightly; Levi C. Leib, captain, Company G, severely; A. A. Luckenbach, first lieutenant, Company C, slightly; Joseph Oliver, second lieutenant, Company D, slightly. Total number of officers killed and wounded, 9.

Enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing, as per accompanying report: Killed, 16; wounded,93; missing, 22; total,131.*

I have but little to add to the above record. It speaks volumes for the men of my regiment, and I cannot speak too highly of their conduct in the terrible conflict of Saturday, December 13. I believe every officer and every soldier was in his proper place and did his whole duty. Their blood has been shed freely form the preservation of the Government and the maintenance of free institutions, and they will the remembered by a grateful people.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Armstrong, who had his horse shot under him, I am much indebted for valuable assistance on the field. He as cool and courageous everywhere, where duty called him encouraging the men and urging them forward. To Major Anthony I am also indebted and ability that characterized his conduct in other fields since the commencement of this war. Adjutant Green discharged his whole duty, regardless of personal peril, and exhibited a cool courage that cannot be too highly commended.

The gallantry displayed on that fatal field by our brave volunteers, under circumstances which did not admit of hope of success, is but another proof of their unconquerable determination to suppress the rebellion and maintain the integrity of the Union at every sacrifice.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB G. FRICK,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Vols.

Catp. H. C. RANNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 201. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward O'Brien, One hundred and thirty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry.

DECEMBER 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you the party my command took in the battle near Fredericksburg, Va., December 13, 1862.

As most of the movements of my regiment fell under the eye of General Tyler, I need not specify them in detail. The grand event was the charge made on the enemy's intrenchments late in the evening. In this charge my regiment was in part assigned the post of honor, and led the column on the right. Of the conduct of both officers and men I cannot speak too highly, and where all did nobly it would not be proper to speak of individual cases of bravery.

---------------

*See revised statement,p.137.

---------------

