
The charge was made, and the line pressed forward to within 12 paces of the stone wall, under a galling fire of musketry and of grape and canister from a battery on the right. The column held for a moment and fell back to the line of the second formation, when General Tyler's brigade came up to my relief and charged. A short time previous to this I had my horse not under me, and made a short search for another. Not finding one, I returned and brought off my right wing as you at the same time brought off my left,the men in the mean time cheering.

Too much praise cannot be given to Colonel E. J. Allen for the fine style in which he conducted himself and maneuvered his regiment. Colonel Clark behaved with great coolness and bravery. I would mention particularly Captain Tyler, of the One hundred and twenty-third, and Adjutant Noon, of the One hundred and thirty-third, who was killed while urging the men on to the charge.

After falling back to the original line of formation, I took up a new line, by your direction, on the right of the road.

At 12 o'clock at night I received orders from you to take my troops into the city and replenish the ammunition. After drawing 22,000 rounds, I was ordered to take up a position on the same ground on which I had first formed line. My men lay there all day on Sunday, the 14th instant, and at 8 o'clock at night were withdraw by your orders into town.

The colonels commanding not having sent in their reports, I am unable to give the names of those that have distinguished themselves, but will forward the reports as soon as received.

Allow me to say that it the line of troops that were in front had been withdrawn, my column would have gained the stone wall and held it. I attribute to their presence there, lying down, my failure to accomplish your orders.

In conclusion, I would say that I take great pleasure in making particular mention of Brigade Surgeon Martin, Surgeon Huber, Assistant Surgeon Kirk, and Surgeon Hoffman, who all behaved as only those can who, regardless of personal danger or inconvenience, determine to devote themselves solely to the elevation of the sufferings of our wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. ALLABACH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Division.

No. 203. Report of Colonel John B. Clark, One hundred and twenty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: I would respectfully report that my regiment, as a whole, did its duty in the battle of the 13th instant. It occupied ground as far in advance as any in that portion of the line.

Four of the right wing companies made two gallant charges over the eminence that constituted the battle line, but were forced to retire again under its shelter. The left wing could not be so well rallied, for the reason that it rapidly overlapped the One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment

