
(which was doing its duty), and because parts of two other regiments were blocked in, so that the men could not possibly get through. Nevertheless, the men of the left wing with much credit, and the colors were manfully borne to the crest of the eminence before mentioned. Every company in the regiment remained at the battle line till we were ordered by General Humphreys to fall back, which we did in complete order.

As far as the mention of commissioned officers is concerned, I can and will only mention those whose personal courage fell under my observation. Other may have been equally brave, but I cannot attest what I did not see. Horatio K. Tyler, captain, Company D; David E. Adams, captain, Company C; R. D. Humes, captain, Company I; C. D. Wiley, captain, Company A; D. Boisol, captain, Company G; J. S. Bell, captain, Company E; Michael Bair, first lieutenant, Company F; Frank S. Wertz, first lieutenant, Company D; George Dilworth, first lieutenant, Company C; Henry Nesmith, second lieutenant, Company B; R. C. Dale, first lieutenant, Company G; Samuel Long, first lieutenant, Company H, and William P. McNary, first lieutenant and adjutant-these men I know behaved bravely; and, further, I am no aware of any commissioned officer having left the field (except the wounded) till the engagement was ended. As for non-commissioned officer, the captain report that they generally performed their duties well; but I cannot refrain from mentioning the names of Orderly Sergt. William Graham, of Company A; Sergeants Macormac, McGrau, and Graham, of Company D; Orderly Sergeant Karns, of Company I; Sergts. James Ramsey and Bacomb B. Smith, of Company E, and Sergeants Bartley, Armstrong, McKelvey, and Cameron, of Company G.

I would also mention Samuel Caldwell the color-bearer. Though neither sergeant nor corporal, he bore up the old flag till the close of the battle. There are twelve ball holes in the flag and one through the center of the staff.

These, and many others, both sergeants, corporals, and privates too numerous to mention, behaved like brave men. I am glad to say that very few of my men exhibited cowardice. Two of these, who were corporals, I understand, have been reduced. The other are sorely tormented by their brave companions. One, at least, has not returned, and stands marked "deserter."

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN B. CLARK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel P. B. ALLABACH,

Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 204. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William B. Shaut, One hundred and thirty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part the regiment under my command took in the engagement of December 13.

I was ordered to take position on the extreme right of the battle line. About 4.30 p.m. the order to charge bayonets was at once given. The troops advanced in good order at the double-quick, under a most destructive

