
line for the charge had been formed. Here we remained for a time, only sending out squads from companies to scour the field and bring off our killed and wounded.

About 3 a.m. on Sunday morning, the 14th instant, the regiment was marched into the city, and near to the river, where we furnished with a fresh supply of ammunition, and again marched on the field, where, under cover of a small hill, though still exposed to the enemy's fire, we remained until about 7 o'clock in the evening, when we were ordered into Fredericksburg. Remained in the city until Tuesday morning, when we crossed the Rappahannock over the lower pontoon bridge, and returned to this camp.

The loss in the regiment, as already reported, is 3 commissioned officers killed and 8 wounded; 15 enlisted men killed, 130 wounded, and 27 missing, some of whom are known to be wounded, and will likely be found in some of the hospitals. The balance are, no doubt, killed, making a total loss in the regiment of 183.

Among the many whose loss the regiment now mourns, and who deserve mention here, are Adjt. James C. Noon, a good man, brave and faithful soldier, who fell while bravely urging the men to the fatal charge; Captain John M. Jones and First Lieutenant W. A. Scott, both of Company F, who were nobly leading their command, and "among the foremost fighting, fell." The wounds of Captain Shrock, of Company D; Captain Demaree, of Company I; Captain Sheibley, of Company G; Captain Tressler, of Company H; Acting Lieutenant Ashcom, of Company C, and Lieutenant John B. Hay, of Company A, were all received while nobly leading and rallying their respective commands Captain Alexander Bobb, of Company C, and Captain George F. Baer, of Company E, are deserving of especial notice for the cool.brave,and intrepid manner in which they acted during the engagement. Lieutenant Frederick and Eby, of Company G; Deach, of Company I; Stackhouse, of Company A; Flanagan, of Company F, and Hundson, of Company D, all acted with much coolness and bravery during the action. The men thought were courageous while under fire. Of those who came under my personal observation, deserving mention here, were Private John Jones, jr., Billow, and E. C. Bendere; Corpl. Finlon M. Witherow and Sergt. David C. Orris, of Company G;Sergts. W. A. Zinn and G. S. Debray, of Company I; Sergeants Holbrook and Ross, of Company E; Corporal Lewis, of Company C, and Private Joseph Craig,of Company H. Others, both officers and men, may have borne themselves equally well; I speak only of those who came under my own observation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. B. SPEAKMAN,

Colonel One hundred and thirty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Vols.

Colonel P. H. ALLABACH,

Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 206. Report of Colonel Edward J. Allen, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

[DECEMBER-, 1862.]

COLONEL: Marched across pontoon bridge, crossing the Rappahannock about 2.30 p.m.

December 13,marched through the city, crossed a canal, and filed

