
to the left, under cover of a slope in the fields, the brigade marching left in front. The One hundred and fifty-fifth Regiment was in the advance, on the left. All the command marched over a plateau some 400 yards, toward the enemy's rifle-pits and batteries. Halted within some 50 yards of their first line, where they were covered by a stone wall,and for about an hour and a half replied to their fire. Twice the regiment attempted to charge their lines and carry them by the bayonet, but, owing to the heavy fire in front, and an excess of enthusiasm in the rear, were compelled to fall back to their position.

The regiment, by command of Brigadier-General Humphreys, commanding the division, was withdrawn with the entire brigade about dark, and formed again on the first line under the slope. The regiment receiving no orders to fall back into the city, remained until nearly daybreak, when, by order of Colonel Allabach, commanding brigade, it marched down into the city to renew their ammunition, and, receiving enough to make up their quota to 60 rounds, marched back again to the cover of the slope, and remained there until Sunday evening, the 14th, when they marched into the city. Bivouacked in the streets that night and next day, and about an hour from daybreak on the morning of the 16th recrossed the Rappahannock, and took position in the old camp.

Officers and men behaved very well.

Loss: Killed, 9; wounded,58. Many of the wounds are slight, and it is reasonable to anticipate a small percentage of deaths from those sent to the general hospital.

One commissioned officer, Captain Anshutz, Company C, killed; one commissioned officer, Lieutenant E. E. Clapp, Company F, wounded, included in the above aggregate.

Respectfully submitted.

EDWARD JAY ALLEN,

Colonel One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Colonel P. H. ALLABACH,

Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 207. Report of Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding Left Grand Division.

HEADQUARTERS LEFT GRAND DIVISION, January 2, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the left grand division from the 11th to the 15th ultimo:

On the 10th ultimo, I was directed to march to the bank of the Rappahannock at the point determined for crossing by means of two pontoon bridges, below Fredericksburg, at a distance of about 1 1/4 miles.

At 5 a.m. on the 11th instant, both corps started by separate roads, and arrived at the designated point about 7.30 a.m. The state of things at the bridges at this time was the following: Both bridges were in course of construction; the lower about two-thirds finished; the upper about half finished. At 9 o'clock the lower bridge was entirely completed. About 11 o'clock both were reported as completed, and passable for troops of all arms. The enemy made but feeble efforts to prevent the construction of the bridges. The fact of the completion of the

