
which, later in the day, it was relieved by General Sickres' division, of Stoneman's corps.

Meanwhile, as Meade's division was crossing the Bowling Green road to the attack, the enemy opened a battery on his left and rear, toward the ravine and house on the river bank.

Doubleday's division, which had followed Meade's column, was at once directed to form, faced to the left, and advanced toward the Massaponax Valley, the indistinct atmosphere rendering it difficult to determine the character of the enemy's force in this direction. Our artillery coming up rapidly, soon drove him from the plain and from the wooded ravine and houses on the river bank across the Massaponax, with considerable loss, though he still continued to threaten and annoy our left,keeping up a fire some heavy,long-range guns beyond the creek, directed principally by the fire of our batteries.

Our rifled guns on the opposite side of the Rappahannock, under direction of Captain De Russy, compelled him frequently to change the position of the guns nearest the river; but he nevertheless succeeded in maintaining a number of batteries on the farther side of the Massaponax, from which he opened as opportunity offered.

The remainder of Doubleday's artillery was placed in position along the Bowling Green road, joining Meade's, and was directed on that of the enemy, lining the crest in our front, and engaging some batteries still farther to our left.

The division of Newton arrived on the left late in the afternoon, but I judged it then too nearly night to make another attempt to carry the enemy's position. Its arrival,however, was the signal for the enemy's artillery to reopen, when the artillery duel of the morning was resumed with great vigor and continued until dark, with slight loss on our part, though the enemy must have suffered severely, as he could not maintain his guns on the crest under our concentrated fire.

The contest ceased at nightfall, our troops maintaining their position in line of battle on the rise of ground between the Bowling Green road and the railroad.

The gallantry and steadiness of the troops brought into action on the left is deserving of great praise, the new regiments viewing with the veterans in steadiness and coolness. That the brilliant attack made and the advanced position gained by them were not more successful in their results was due to the strong character of the enemy's defense; the advantage he had of observing all our disposition, while he made his own to meet them entirely under cover, and the loss of many of the leading officers of the commands, among whom we have to deplore that of General Jackson, of the Pennsylvania Reserves, killed; General Gibbon and Colonel Sinclair, severely wounded, and many other of distinguished merit, whose names have not reached me through the reports of division commanders.

Among those conspicuous for coolness and judgment, who came immediately under my notice, and deserve particular mention, are Colonel A. R. Root, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, commanding brigade; Colonel Cutler, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers; Captain Taylor, commanding First Pennsylvania Rifles; Colonel Morrow, of the Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, and Colonel Phelps, of the Twenty-second New York Volunteer, commanding brigade. To Captains Ransom, Cooper, and Simpson, commanding batteries of Meade's division; Captains Reynolds, Hall, Gerrish, and Lieutenant Stewart, commanding those of the other divisions, as well as to Captain Wolcott, commanding a battery of Smith's corps, great credit is due for the intrepidity with which they maintained their positions, and the coolness and judgment

