
with which they managed their commands under the service the severe fire of the enemy's batteries, so advantageously posted, during the whole day of the 13th. Captain Cooper and Lieutenant Stewart maintained the most advanced positions with the steadiness for which their commands have been noted on former fields. To Colonel Wainwright, First New York Artillery, chief of artillery, I am indebted for the excellent judgment he displayed in the management and disposition of the whole artillery of the corps, and for the admirable in which the damages it received were repaired on the field and the guns again brought into action under his supervision.

To the other officers of my staff, Major Sanderson, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant-Colonel Crane, acting assistant

inspector-general; Captain Kingsbury, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Wadsworth,and Lieutenants Lamborn and Riddle,aides-de-camp, my most sincere thanks are due for their promptness and gallantry in carrying my orders on the field.

The 14th and 15th were passed by the troops in their positions, except in a different disposition of some of the batteries, and the time employed in burying the dead and caring for the wounded, the skirmishers on both sides keeping up a desultory fire, and the enemy occasionally opening upon our left from their long-range guns beyond the creek.

On the night of the 15th, the order for the withdrawal of the troops to the left flank of the river was received about 7 o'clock, and the movement commenced from the left. The night was extremely favorable for the operation,which was effected by the generals commanding the different divisions (Meade, Doubleday, and Taylor) without the least confusion, the artillery, under the management of Colonel Wainwright, chief of artillery, moving off in entire silence and assuming their positions of the left bank of the river, and the troops resuming their original positions on that side. General Smith covered the movement with his corps, and gave his personal superintendence to the withdrawal of the picket lines and the removal of the bridges, which, under his admirable management, was accomplished in perfect order without loss. The picket lien of this corps was left to be withdrawn under the direction of Lieutenant Rogers, of General Doubleday's staff, who is deserving of great credit for the successful manner in which he performed that duty. The troops moved next day to the positions designated for them.

To Generals Meade and Doubleday I wish to return thanks for the able manner in which they handled their divisions in the face of the enemy, and in all the movements made during the operations on the right bank of the river.

General Taylor, who succeeded General Gibbon in the command of his division, I desire to bring to the notice of the Government for the courage, coolness, and judgment with which he managed this division after General Gibbon was wounded.

Appended hereto is a return* showing the loss in the corps during the time we occupied the right bank of the river; also the accompanying reports of the division and subordinate commanders,

&amp;c., as far as received.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel E. R. PLATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Left Grand Division.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,pp.137-140.

---------------

