
on the first bank of the river, to aid in protecting the construction of pontoon bridges. Here they did excellent service in repelling the charge which the enemy made on the head of the first bridge when just occupied, Lieutenant Simpson's battery being within long canister range. They were also effective in driving out a body of the enemy, who had collected in a small wood and ravine, some 250 yards above the bridges, at a later hour the same afternoon, killing or wounding quite a number. About 1 p.m. of that day, Lieutenant Amsden brought his battery of four 3-inch guns down from the hills, and was posted on the bank below the other batteries.

On Friday, the 12th, the following batteries crossed with their divisions: Ransom's, Stewart's, Leppine's, and Simpson's twenty light 12-pounders; also Cooper's, and Gerrish's eight 3-inch guns. That night they remained in rear of our lines.

About 9 o'clock on Saturday morning, General Gibbon, commanding the Second Division, threw his left wing around and crossed the Bowling Green road, in prolongation of General Smith's line. At the same time, by your direction, I posted Captain Hall's Second Maine Battery, of six 3-inch, which had just joined us from the heights, on his left, behind the crest of a small rise. The battery had come up at so rapid a pace that the cannoneers were unable to keep alongside of their guns, but they soon had them in battery, and opened upon some guns of the enemy, stationed about 1,600 yards off, on the hills to their right and front. They were exposed at the time to a severe cross-fire from the guns against which the battery was directed, and from others to the left and front of the crest.

Meanwhile the Third Division, under General Meade, had also changed front, and formed one brigade in line, with the Second Division on the left of the fence; Ransom's battery was posted to the right of a small hut, and Cooper's about 100 yards to the left of it, while Simpson took up a position at right angles, with his left resting on the public road. The first two of these batteries replied to the enemy's guns on the crest, and to a battery in the open field to their left, while Lieutenant Simpson engaged a section posted in the corner of the hedges, at the junction of the Bowling Green road and that to Captain Hamilton's. This section was so well sheltered by the cedar trees and hedge that it was difficult to meet its fire effectually, until the advance of General Double-day's division, which now covered our left flank, enabled Captain Wolcott, of the First Maryland Battery, to take it in rear from a position near the brick house, afterward used as hospital, when it was soon silenced and withdrawn. Captain Wolcott reports that one of his shot overthrew the enemy's right piece. About this time Lieutenant Amsden, with his four 3-inch guns, joined from this side of the river, and was placed in position on the left of Captain Ransom, his right piece close to the small hut.

By 12 m. all the guns of the enemy were silent, and firing was pretty much suspended on our side. It now being determined to attack the crest of wood in front of Gibbon's and Meade's division, and having received your orders to shell the wood preparatory to the attack, I portioned them off the batteries of Hall, Ransom, and Cooper, and thus opened on them with eighteen guns. In about fire minutes this elicited a reply from all the enemy's guns on the crest, some ten or twelve in number, which, enfilading Simpson's battery, obliged him to change front to the right, and throw his battery forward some 200 yards, an operation of considerable difficulty in the heavy ground, and accomplished with a severe loss of men and horses. Soon after they also

