
opened from six to eight guns behind the fence, beyond our left, which took our batteries and troops in the flank. I therefore hastened to that wing, where I found that General Doubleday had advanced his lines, to that his left wing had possession of the wood and ravine near some small houses. He had also been joined by Captain Gerrish's New Hampshire battery, under Lieutenant Edgell, of four 3-inch guns which had previously been on the right with General Smith's corps. This I posted behind the crest to the right of the straw-stacks, and directed against the batteries above mentioned. I then, by your order, placed Lieutenant Stewart's six light 12-pounder in the corner of the field, at the junction of roads above mentioned, directed against the same batteries, and posted Captain Wolcott behind the fence, on this side of the Bowling Green road, just to the left of the road leading from the brick house. Soon after, Captain Reynolds, with four 3-inch guns, was ordered up on the right of Gerrish's battery, so that we had twenty-one guns bearing on the enemy's batteries on the crest, one of Captain Wolcott's having been dismounted a few moments after he took position along the road, and fourteen guns bearing on their batteries behind the fence. The fire at this time was fearful for the space of about half an hour, when the enemy's batteries were silenced, and our columns advanced to the attack.

What damage we had done them I cannot say; two of their ammunition chests wee certainly blown up on the crest, and one, if not two, on the other line. We had also suffered considerably ourselves. Lieutenant Edgell, on the left, had 2 men killed and a number wounded. Lieutenant Stewart had suffered in the same way, and the shot which dismounted Captain Wolcott's gun killed 2 of his cannoneers and wounded 3 others.

On my return to our extreme right at the time our infantry had been repulsed, I found Captain Hall had been moved forward about 200 yards by General Gibbon, over the crest of the hill. As his supports were retiring, and he was suffering much from the fire of the enemy's skirmishers, I directed him to fall back, with the infantry,to the position in which I had first placed him. Just as he had limbered to the rear, 5 horses were killed at this left piece, and he was obliged to leave it until he had removed the others, when he returned with teams and men belonging to his battery and brought it safely off, under a heavy musketry fire from the enemy, who had now advanced behind the hill to within 250 yards of Livingston's and Randolph's batteries, then stationed on his left, where they laid hid, only their colors showing above the crest. They had also advanced out of the wood in front of the batteries of Meade's division, but were prevented from forming, and were soon driven back by a well-directed fire from Ransom's, Cooper's, and Amsden's batteries - first of canister, and afterward, as they retired, of short-time cease. Soon after this the enemy's guns ceased firing and our own did the same.

About sundown the enemy's batteries on the crest and on our left again opened and ours replied. The firing was quite brisk on both sides until it had become dark, when we both ceased. At a later hour Reynolds' and Gerrish's batteries were withdrawn from their position on the left, and posted acting along the Bowling Green road, on Stewart's right. I also relieved Captains Ransom and Cooper and Lieutenant Simpson, replacing their batteries with Leppien's and Thompson's, which had been but partially engaged during the day, along the road behind our right wing. Captain Hall's battery was also withdrawn and parked near Bernard's house, our Second Division having been relieved by that of General Sickles.

