
To my staff, as usual, I was indebted for their intelligent

co-operation and bravery. Major Livingston, Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers,acting inspector-general;Captain Bloodgood, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant B. T. Marting, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant L. A. Bartlett, Twenty-second New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, were all of great assistance in conveying orders to different parts of the field, and showed themselves, as usual, utterly fearless in the discharge of their duties.

Lieutenant Snedeker, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, division ordnance officer, attended well to the duties of his department. He was absent when the battle commenced, but by great exertion succeeded in joining us in time to participate in the action.

Lieutenant H. T. Lee, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant William H. Wilcox, acting topographical officer, were under fire for the first time. They each displayed a coolness and courage worthy of all commendation.

I have already spoken of Lieutenant Rogers, of the Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp. His conduct was admirable. He exposed himself a great deal during the day in posting our skirmishers, and received a bullet through his hat. At night he was assigned to the hazardous duty of withdrawing our picket lines,and was entirely successful.

I was much indebted to Surg. Edward Shippen, medical director of the division, for his care and attention to the wounded. He also exposed himself a great deal on the field. Captain G. F. Noyes, commissary of subsistence, was directed by me to remain on the opposite side of the river, in charge of the subsistence depot. He came over, however, to report to me, and was under fire on several occasions.

Captain Gerrish, of the New Hampshire battery, chief of division artillery, was severely wounded early in the action, and his duties devolved upon Captain Reynolds, First New York Artillery.

Brigadier General G. R. Paul was absent in Washington, on account of severe domestic affliction, when the battle commenced. He arrived, however, in time to take command of his brigade and lead it off the field.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding First Division.

Captain CHARLES KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. First Army Corps.

No. 211. Report of Lieutenant Frederick M. Edgell, First New Hampshire Light Artillery.

POLLOCK'S MILL, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I hereby transmit to you to the following report of the operations of the First New Hampshire Battery during the actions of December 12,13,14, and 15, near Fredericksburg:

The battery crossed the river on Friday, the 12th, about 2 p.m., at which time the enemy was firing from the heights to the right. The battery was ordered to advance about half a mile, to the high ground, and open fire upon the batteries which were firing. After we had fired a few shots, at about 2,000 yards' distance, the enemy ceased; we the same.

Battery remained in this position till morning, when we were ordered,

30 R R-VOL XXI

