
with Battery B, Fourth Artillery, to move down to the left. After advancing about a mile, we opened fire, with shell, upon a body of cavalry in a wood near the river, and in the turnpike to the right. This drove them from the position with some loss. We immediately occupied the ground, and, turning to the right, advanced to the turnpike, our battery being on the extreme left. The enemy now opened upon us with shell from the heights in front and to the left, distance about 1,000 yards. We immediately opened, continuing over an hour. The dense smoke, which settled heavily over the whole ground, prevented our seeing the effect of many of our shots, but the fire of the enemy gradually slackened and almost ceased.

We had now 3 men killed; our captain and 10 men wounded; a wheel and pole smashed, and our limber-chests nearly empty. I now ordered the pieces to retire to where our caissons were stationed, refitted and filled the chests, and immediately returned to our position, and continued firing occasionally, in reply to the enemy, till dark, when the battery was ordered to move a little farther to the right, and in this position remained till morning. During the evening the enemy threw several rounds of canister at long range, which did little or no execution.

On Sunday and Monday, the 14th and 15th, the firing was not renewed, except by a gun of the enemy far down on our left flank. This, however, did no execution, and was, apparently, silenced by the firing from the opposite side of the river. Some of our men and horses were wounded by the picket firing during these two days.

On Monday night, about 9 o'clock, by order of General Reynolds, the battery quietly left its position, recrossed the river, taking up its present position on the bluff near Pollock's Mill.

The battery expended, during the four days, 540 rounds of ammunition (Hotchkiss' and Schenkl's percussion shell). Many of the former failed to explode; from what cause, I am unable to say, as the fuses seemed to be perfect. The Schenkl ammunition, as far as I am able to judge, worked admirably. The accuracy of aim, and the ability to see the effect of the shots, was much impaired by the smoky atmosphere during the actions.

The casualties of the battery were as follows: There men killed; 1 officer (captain) and 11 men wounded, and 16 horses killed.

In conclusion, I would say the officers and men of the battery behaved with their usual good courage, although the fighting was more destructive to them than on any former occasion.

Respectfully submitted.

F. M. EDGELL,

Lieutenant, Commanding First New Hampshire Battery.

Captain J. A. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Artillery, First Division, First Corps.

No. 212. Report of Captain John A. Reynolds, Battery L, First New York Light Artillery.

DECEMBER 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the late battle:

In obedience to orders from Colonel Platt, headquarters left grand

