
division, I placed my battery, under direction of Captain De Russy, U. S. Army, in position on the crest of the hill west of Pollock's Mill. We remained in this position until about 12 m. of Friday, 11th [12th] instant, when ordered by Captain De Russy to cross the river and report to Colonel Platt. After crossing, I was directed, by an aide from Major-General Franklin,to go into battery about half a mile from the river, and open at once upon the enemy's battery, to the right of our front, about 2,000 yards. After firing a few rounds, the enemy ceased his fire, and, in obedience to orders, I did likewise.

Between 10 and 11 a.m. the next day, 12th [13th] instant the enemy opened with his batteries to our front and left. His range was very good, quite a number of shots falling directly in front of my guns and within the battery, but, fortunately, doing no harm, except t slightly injure one sergeant in the foot. In the mean time we replied to his fire, which lasted about an hour. Soon after, I was ordered by Major-General Franklin to report to General Doubleday, and by him ordered to remain in reserve near the deep gorge, to the left of General Franklin's headquarters.

About 1 p.m. I was ordered by General Doubleday to take position on his extreme left, and engage the batteries on our front. The enemy changed his position several times, and, although getting a good range of us, did no injury, except to slightly wound 2 men. The infantry acting as our support suffered severely, the enemy's shot taking effect among them. Owing to the fog and smoke, I found it very difficult to observe the effect of our fire; but once during the day, half an hour before sunset, could I see the effect of our fire. This was upon a battery which opened a little to the right of our front. Our shots were well directed, and had the effect of soon silencing their fire. About dark I was ordered to retire and take position along the Bowling Green road. Two of our horses were slightly wounded by the enemy's sharpshooters.

Early the next morning I went near our line of skirmishers and saw 4 dead horses lying where a section opened on us the day before, and soon ceased after we fired a few rounds.

We remained in position along the Bowling Green road until the night of the 15th, when ordered by General Reynolds to retire across the river. We fired in all 401 rounds, mostly Hotchkiss shell. The fuses appeared to work well. Two shells exploded about 50 yards from the muzzle of the gun. The officers and men behaved well - were cool and collected.

During the firing the axle of one of our pieces, owing to a defect or flaw in the iron, broke. The piece was sent to the rear, a new axle replaced, and brought up early the next morning. There appears to be a serious defect in the axles of the 3-inch guns; twice before on the battle-field have I had them break.

Learning from Captain Hall that he had two pieces in the rear which he could not use, for want of men and horses, whit his consent I sent my men and horses and brought them up, and when we retired brought them across the river with us. As I was to use them only during this engagement, I shall return them to him; but I respectfully request that I may be furnished with a section of

3-inch guns, to replace those returned over at Warrenton.

I have 4 officers and 137 enlisted men for duty.

J. A. REYNOLDS,

Captain, Commanding Battery L, First New York Artillery.

Captain E. P. HALSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

