
The battery, on being supplied with harness for six horses, will be ready for immediate service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES STEWART,

Second Lieutenant Fourth Artillery, Commanding Light Battery B.

Captain J. A. REYNOLDS,

Acting Chief of Artillery, First Division.

No. 214. Report of Colonel Walter Phelps,jr., Twenty-second New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, Near Falmouth, Va., December 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I herewith transmit a report of the operations of his brigade in the engagements of the 13th, 14th, and 15th instant, near Fredericksburg, Va.

With the other brigades of the First Division, Brigadier-General Doubleday commanding, this command crossed the Rappahannock River Friday, December 12, at 12 m., on the upper of the two lower pontoon bridges, the Fourth Brigade and division artillery crossing on the lower bridge. The column united on the south side. This brigade, having the advance, moved forward, taking position near Bernard's house, to the front and right, in our lines of battle, and bivouacked for the night.

On Saturday, the 13th, I moved forward, at 9 a.m., in a direction parallel with the Bowling Green road, about 1 mile, encountering the enemy's fire, when,in compliance with instructions from General Doubleday, I ordered two regiments to the front as skirmishers-the Second U. S. Sharpshooters, Major Stoughton, and the Twenty-fourth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Beardsley. I was then ordered to advance with my remaining regiments to the Bowling Green road, and was taking position when I received orders to change direction and move at the double-quick to the left, in support of our batteries, which were being placed in position under General Reynolds' personal supervision. A short artillery fire succeeded, when I advanced in three lines of battle (the skirmishers covering our front) parallel with the Bowling Green road, and some 25 or 30 rods on its left. The enemy fell back before our advance. I think the entire division was advancing at this time. My brigade occupied the right of the division, and was nearest the Bowling Green road.

The line moved forward about three-quarters of a mile, when our batteries again took position on the Bowling Green road, on our right flank, and engaged the enemy's batteries on the summit, which were enfilading our lines. During the artillery fire, which was extremely severe, this brigade changed front forward on the right of its lines and took position to support the batteries.

About 3 p.m. General Doubleday, having received intelligence that a brigade of the enemy was advancing on our left, ordered me to change front to the left and engage them. Meredith's brigade being on the left, however, and in a more available position, was ordered to engage the enemy, and my brigade was moved to the right and rear of the batteries,

