
parallel with the Bowling Green road, prepared to resist any advance of the enemy from the summit. I ordered three companies of the Fourteenth New York State Militia into the road on our left, to check the enemy's skirmishers in their advance.

My lines remained in this position until 5 p.m., when I moved them to the left and rear, supporting the batteries and forming them obliquely to the Bowling Green road.

At 4.30 p.m. the enemy's batteries opened a terrific fire upon our lines, which continued until 5.30 p.m. Our batteries promptly replied. At 6.45 they reopened upon us at short range with canister, wounding a number of my men. The regiments, however, retained their position during the night.

Sunday, the 14th, the usual picket firing occurred. Our batteries occasionally opened during the morning, but elicited no reply from the enemy.

About 3 p.m. one of the enemy's batteries opened upon our left at long range, perfectly enfilading us. I then moved the brigade to the rear, changing front to the rear on the right of each line, taking out of range of this battery, and escaping injury from it. My lines remained in this position during the night of Sunday. The Second U. S. Sharpshooters were engaged as skirmishers during the day, also two companies of the Thirtieth New York Volunteers, and succeeded in protecting the artillery and infantry from the severe fire of the enemy's skirmishers of the day before.

On Monday, the 15th, no change of importance occurred in my position, except the ordering of the Twenty-second New York Volunteers to the left and front in easier supporting distance of Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Stewart, and moving two companies on to the Bowling Green road as pickets. I also ordered the Second U. S. Sharpshooters the front as skirmishers, and they engaged the enemy's pickets during the day.

About 8 p.m. I received from General Doubleday to hold the brigade in readiness to fall back and recross the river with the other brigades of the division.

At 9.45 I received orders to put my column in motion, and recrossed the river without loss, bivouacking for the night on the ground occupied by the brigade on the night of Thursday, the 11th, a mile from the river.

The conduct of the officers and men of all the regiments comprising this command deserve special mention and particular praise. There was no wavering of the lines, advancing or in position; no signs of cowardice, and no disposition evinced to neglect their duties. Under the most severe artillery fire and the fire of the pickets (my lines often being within easy range of the latter) my brigade remained firm and unbroken, speaking well for the discipline and soldierly qualities of the respective regiments. Lieutenant Cranford, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Becker, acting aide-de-camp, comported themselves, as usual, most gallantly on the field, and rendered me invaluable assistance in the transmission and fulfillment of my orders. I cannot speak too highly of them or of the commanding officers of the Second U. S. Sharpshooters, Major Stougthon; Lieutenant-Colonel De Bevoise, Fourteenth New York State Militia; Lieutenant-Colonel Beardsley and Major Oliver, Twenty-fourth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel McKie, Twenty-second New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Chrysler, Thirtieth New York Volunteers. The commanding officers of the Fourteenth New York State Militia and Thirtieth New York Volunteers are

