
like hail. My pickets, however, still retained the position gained by the skirmishers. Pickets were also established on a line running diagonally from the road to the river, connecting on my left with the pickets of General Meredith's brigade, and about 1,000 yards in advance of our lines in this direction.

During this evening, the Thirty-fifth Regiment was moved to the Bowling Green road, on the right of Battery B, a position which it occupied during the 14th and 15th instant, supporting the battery and the pickets on the right of the road.

During the 14th and 15th instant, the enemy did not make his appearance in much force in our immediate front. A column was observed by the pickets moving to the left before daylight on the morning of the 15th. The pickets frequently intrenchanged chats.

Occupying the front for three days and nights, in the face of an active and wary foe, responsibilities and duties of officers and men were of no light character, but they were assumed and performed with cheerfulness and alacrity.

I take pleasure in refereeing to the promptness with which I was supported by Colones Hoffman and Lord, Lieutenants-Colonel Hardenbergh, and Captain Layton. I take pleasure also in testifying to the very efficient service rendered by the Second U. S. Sharpshooters, under Major Stoughton, of Colonel Phelps' brigade.

Lieutenant H. P. Taylor, of the Thirty-fifth Regiment, and Lieutenant George T. Cook and H. H. Bridges, of the Twenty-first, acting aides, performed their duties with great coolness and bravery under the severe artillery fire to which all were subjected.

Casualties: Killed, 10 enlisted men; wounded, 2 officers and 52 enlisted men; missing, 3 enlisted men.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. REGERS,

Colonel Twenty-first New York State Vols., Commanding Third Brigadier

Captain E. P. HALSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 218. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jacob B. Hardenbergh, Eightieth New York Infantry.

DECEMBER 15, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part this regiment took in the late battle of Fredericksburg:

The regiment crossed the river with the brigade about 2 p.m. of Friday, December 12, and marched to the plain in front of the Arthur Bernard house, where they bivouacked for the night.

The next morning about daylight we were formed in line of battle (this regiment and the Twenty-first forming the first line) and advanced to the left toward a wooded ravine near the river, occupied by the enemy. The enemy having been driven from this position the brigade changed direction to the right, and marched, under a heavy fire of the enemy's artillery, to the Bowling Green road, which was occupied by the first line.

We remained in this position about one hour, and until the advance on the right had been checked, the enemy meanwhile pouring a constant shower of shot and shell from their batteries, which were not more

