
than 500 or 600 yards in front, when we were ordered at a

double-quick toward the right.

We had proceeded about half a mile in this direction when we were countermarched, and took up a position in a ravine in rear and a little to the right of the position we had occupied in the Bowling Green road, in support of several batteries, which drew on us a heavy fire of artillery. Soon after reaching this position, the enemy having, during our march toward the right, planted a section of artillery on the railroad leading from the Telegraph to the Bowling Green road, and thrown forward their skirmishers, who severely annoyed our cannoneers, Company F, Captain Corbin; Company K, Captain Baldwin, and Company A, Captain McEntee, were deployed as skirmishers.

They advanced rapidly, under a brisk fire from the enemy's skirmishers, drove them back, and took up a line in the Bowling Green road where they silenced the section of artillery before mentioned, killing several of the gunners and 3 horses.

These companies remained in this position until after dark, when they were relieved by the Twenty-third Regiment. At dark the regiment took up a position about 100 yards to the right and rear, and remained there during the night, being treated in the early the evening to a copious of grape and canister.

At daylight we advanced the line about 50 yards, and Company B, Captain Lesilie, and Company E, Captain Cornelius, were thrown forward as skirmishers. They advanced, driving the enemy back, and took up a line, by order of General Doubleday, extending from the farther group of straw-stacks to the Bowling Green road. The firing along this line was brisk and uninterrupted during the whole day. The ammunition of these companies having become exhausted, they were relieved about 4 p.m. by Company H, Captain A. S. Smith, and Company C, Captain Snyder. Captain Smith was severely wounded while in the discharge of this duty. These companies remained on until the next morning, when they were relieved by Company G, Captain Cunningham, and Company I, Lieutenant Cook, who were relieved in the evening by Company K, Lieutenant Young.

The picket duty along this line was very severe, as the line extended over on an open plain, and the men were constantly exposed without cover to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, which was kept up during the entire day, and very frequently in the night, but both officers and men behaved with great steadiness, coolness, and gallantry.

The regiment remained in the position last indicated until Monday evening, when we were ordered to recross the river, which we did about 1.30 a.m.

I am, lieutenant, your, very respectfully,

J. B. HARDENBERGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. G. WARNIER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 219. Report of Brigadier General Solomon Meredith, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, December 22, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fourth Brigade in the battle of Fredericksburg, on the 13th instant:

We crossed the Rappahannock on the 12th instant, and passed down

