
The Nineteenth Indiana, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, behaved handsomely during the entire day.

The Seventh Wisconsin Colonel Robinson; Second Wisconsin, Colonel Fairchild, and Sixth Wisconsin, Colonel Cutler, displayed the patience, endurance, and cool for which they are justly noted, and fully maintained the high reputation they had previously so nobly won. During the evening the command of the Sixth Wisconsin devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Bragg - an able gallant officer, land one who well deserves any promotion at the of the Government-Colonel Cutler having retired, in consequence of indisposition from wounds previously received at Gainesville.

A large cavalry force was discovered on our left in the afternoon, supposed to be at least a brigade, their design evidently to break our lines; but, discovering the disposition of our troops, withdrew, as there were serious doubts of success in that quarter.

I can recommend for promotion Colonel L. Cutler, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, who is a faithful and meritorious officer. Colonel L.

Fairchild, of the Second Wisconsin, is an accomplished officer, and managed his regiment with great skill upon this occasion, as well as all others during the battles of Virginia and Maryland. I recommend him to the favorable consideration of the Government. Colonel Robinson, of the Seventh Wisconsin, is a splendid and deserving officer, and deserves a promotion from the hands of the Government. Colonel Morrow, of the Twenty-fourth Michigan, behaved handsomely during the battle. He is a gallant and brave officer, and I can consistently speak of him as worthy of a higher position than he now holds. Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, of the Nineteenth Indiana, did his whole duty, and I earnestly recommend him to the Executive of Indiana for a promotion. Major Dudley, of the Nineteenth Indiana, assisted me as member of my staff, and displayed courage and ability in transmitting orders. He has been in all the battles of Virginia and Maryland, and behaved with great gallantry upon all occasions. First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General Shafer was prompt and active in the discharge of his duties, and has been recommended to the Governor of Indiana for promotion to a captaincy. First Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. James D. Wood, of the Second Wisconsin, served as volunteer aide upon my staff,and behaved with great courage and gallantry during the entire day. Lieuts. Samuel H. Meredith and J. M. Howard,jr., members of my staff, behaved handsomely, and were of great assistance to me. I take his opportunity of returning my thanks to them for their disinterestedness and prompt manner in which they discharged their duties, regardless of personal injury, and can only say they have won for themselves the title of "soldiers."

The detailed account of losses had been heretofore furnished by the surgeon-in-chief of the brigade, and amounts in the aggregate to 10 killed, 33 wounded, 7 missing; total,50.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain E. P. HALSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.138.

---------------

