
army across the Rappahannock. Our position being on the extreme left, he had at least 3 miles to march to reach the bridge, and was the last of that army to cross. The enemy's sharpshooters and cavalry were close on his rear when he reached the bridge, and some of his men were obliged to cross in skiffs, the pontoon bridge having been cut away before his rear guard arrived.

I am under great obligations to all the officers and men for their cordial co-operation during the brief period I was in command, but most especially to Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, for the coolness and good judgment which he exercised in obeying my orders, and which resulted in saving one of the best regiments in the service.

A list of casualties has already been furnished by the surgeon.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. CUTLER,

Colonel Sixth Wisconsin, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. P. HALSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

No. 221. Report of Colonel Lucius Fairchild, Second Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, under my command, in the late engagement at Fredericksburg:

Friday, the 12th instant, the regiment, with the brigade, marched over the pontoon bridge and down the river about 1 mile to the stone house, where it encamped for the night.

Early Saturday morning moved with the brigade down the river through a piece of wood, out of which the enemy had been shelled, and took position in front and to the left. Our position was changed several time during the day, but we were not engaged, except one company (B), which was acting as skirmishers part of the afternoon.

At various times we were under artillery and musketry fire, which was not very destructive. At dark the regiment was put in position in rear of the wood. Soon afterward it was changed to the Bowling Green road, where a severe fire of canister was encountered, killing 1 and wounding several. Later in the night we were ordered to our original position, near the wood, where we rested on our arms all night.

Sunday the position of the regiment remained unchanged until dark, when it was put on picket on the left flank of the army.

At daylight Monday it was relieved from picket duty, and took the original position near the wood, from whence it marched that night to the left bank of the Rappahannock.

The casualties, of which a detailed report has been submitted, are 1 killed and 10 wounded.

As usual, both officers and men behaved as well as could be wished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIUS FAIRCHILD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Wisconsin Volunteers.

J. W. SHAFER,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,p.138.

---------------

