
report of these operations, but has furnished no information beyond that contained in his brief telegrams sent from the field, in one of which he uses the following language:

The fact that I decided to move from Warrenton to this line, rather against the opinion of the President, the Secretary of War, and yourself, and that you have left the whole movement in my hands without giving me orders, makes me the more responsible.

The loss of the rebels in this battle is not known. As they were sheltered by their fortifications, it was, probably, less than ours, which, as officially reported, was 1,138 killed, 9,105 wounded, and 2,078 missing.* Most of the missing, and many of the slightly wounded, soon rejoined their regiments and reported for duty.

It was alleged at the time that the loss of this battle resulted from the neglect to order forward the pontoon train from Washington. This order was telegraphed by me from Warrenton to Brigadier-General Woodbury, then in Washington, on the 12th of November, and was promptly acted on by him. General Burnside had supposed that the pontoon train was then in Washington or Alexandria, while it was still on the Potomac, at Berlin and Harper's Ferry, General Burnside's order to send it to Washington not having been received by the officer left in charge there. General Burnside had only allowed time for transporting his pontoons from Alexandria, whereas they had first to be transported to that place from Berlin. The delay was, therefore, entirely unavoidable, and, on investigation of the matter by General Burnside, General Woodbury was exonerated from all blame.

General Hooker relieved General Burnside from his command on the

25th of January.

*			*			*			*			*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

No. 2. Organization of the Union forces at the battle of Fredericksburg, Va., December 11-15, 1862.

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

ESCORT, ETC.

Oneida [New York] Cavalry, Captain Daniel P. Mann.

1st U. S. Cavalry [detachment], Captain Marcus A. Reno.

4th U. S. Cavalry, Companies A and E, Captain James B. McIntyre.

PROVOST GUARD.

Brigadier General MARSENA R. PATRICK.

McClellan [Illinois] Dragoons, Company A, Captain George W. Shears.

McClellan [Illinois] Dragoons, Company B, Captain David C. Brown.

9th New York Infantry, Company G, Captain Charles Child.

93rd New York Infantry, Colonel John S. Crocker.

2nd U. S. Cavalry, Major Charles J. Whiting.

8th U. S. Infantry, Captain Royal T. Frank.

---------------

*But see revised statement, pp. 129-142.

---------------

