
Taylor, Colonel A. R. Root, Ninety-fourth New York, and to the gallantry and steadiness under fire of the following-named regiments: Twelfth Massachusetts, Colonel Bates; Ninety-seventh New York, Colonel Wheelock; Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania, Major Griffith, and Sixteenth Maine, Lieutenant-Colonel Tilden. The last-named regiment, although for the first time under fire,gave an example of gallantry and steadiness worthy the imitation of some of the older regiments. Hall's battery was under the severest fire, and was served with its usual efficiency and gallantry.

The loss in the division was 1,249 killed,wounded, and missing,*

My staff, Captain Wood, assistant adjutant-General; Lieutenant Haskell, Sixth Wisconsin, aide-de-camp; Moale, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, aide-de-camp, and Hildreth, Second U. S. Sharpshooters, acting aide-de-camp, and Captain Lee, Twenty-first New York, acting inspector-general, were constantly on the field, conveying orders and giving directions amid the heaviest fire. The last-named officers of great service in rallying some of the disordered troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Captain CHARLES KINGSBURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Corps.

No. 223. Report of Captain George F. Leppien, Fifth Maine Battery, Acting Chief of Division Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION ARTILLERY, Camp Belle Plain, Va., December 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I have the honor to forward the reports of the parts taken by each battery of this division in the engagement near Fredericksburg, Va., December 13, with detailed reports of casualties, ammunition expended, and damage sustained. From these reports i have consolidated the following report of the division artillery:

On the 10th instant, Battery F, First Regiment Artillery, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, four 3-inch; Thompson's battery, Pennsylvania Volunteers, four 3-inch guns, and the Second Battery, Maine Volunteers, six 3-inch guns - in all, fourteen 3-inch guns - were detached from the division and placed under the command of Captain De Russy. They were employed to cover the passage of the left grand division over the Rappahannock, and held a position on the bluff on the north bank.

On the 11th instant,these batteries were engaged in shelling the--, or any cover on the extended flat on the south of the river, covering the laying of two pontoon bridges, and clearing the field for the operations of the left grand division. The Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers marched with the division on the 11th, in readiness to cross the river.

On the morning of the 12th, the division crossed on the upper bridge, and the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers on the lower. Shortly before crossing, the Second Battery Maine Volunteers reported back to the division and crossed in rear of the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers.

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.139.

---------------

31 R R-VOL XXI

