
The Second Battery Maine Volunteers took a position between the two brigades in line, the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers remaining in reserve in rear of the reserve brigade of infantry, Colonel Root commanding. The 12th and night passed without change.

On the morning of the 13th, Thompson's battery, Pennsylvania Volunteers, reported back to the division. The infantry advanced in a south-easterly direction, crossed the sunken road, and at 9 a.m. the Second Battery Maine Volunteers went into position on the left of the division. At this time the fire from the enemy's artillery was accurate and well sustained, occasioning losses to this battery.

At 10 a.m. the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers took position in the rear of the sunken road. At about 10 a.m. (Captain Thompson's report says 9 a.m.) Thompson's battery took position on the right of the division, engaging a battery of the enemy on his front and right. The Second Battery Maine Volunteers and Thompson's battery followed the advance of the infantry and the assault with the third, which, after carrying the railroad and the wood, being repulsed, fell back and reformed in, and in the rear of the sunken road, the batteries, checking the advancing enemy, withdrawing also the rear of the sunken road.

At 3.30 p.m. the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers moved to the front of General Birney's division, on the left of Randolph's First Rhode Island Battery (Birney's division having relieved Meade's division), and at 4.15 p.m. sustained a heavy cannonade from the enemy's artillery in front, on wooded, rising ground the enemy's pieces being placed on a road in front of the wood.

At 5 p.m. Thompson's battery took position on the left of the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers. The night was spent in filling ammunition chests, issuing rations, and repairing damage.

On the 14th, the Second Battery operated with General Doubleday's division, the Fifth Battery and Thompson's battery holding their former position. The day and night passed without any general engagement, an occasional shot being exchanged.

The 15th passed in the same manner, when, after sunset, the left grand division commenced to recross the river, withdrawing the troops from left to the right in succession, the rifled batteries taking their former positions on the bluff on the north of the Rappahannock, and the Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers taking a position on the flat, covering, with other 12-pounder light batteries, the withdrawal of the pontoon bridges.

The officers and men of artillery conducted themselves in a manner worthy the service.

I have the honor to remain, with due respect, your most obedient servant,

GEORGE F. LEPPIEN,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Battery Maine Vols., Actg. Chief of Artillery.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, First Corps.

CAMP NEAR BELLE PLAIN, VA., December 20, 1862.

SIR: The battery under my command crossed the Rappahannock with the division on the 11th instant, and parked 1,200 yards south west of the first stone mansion on the south bank of the river, remaining until the morning of the 13th.

