
December 13, moved with the division in a southeasterly direction, and went into battery to the rear of a sunken road, and in the rear of the division, to cover a retrograde movement, it such should prove necessary. At 3.30 p.m. moved to the left of the division, crossed the road, and took position in front of Birney's division of infantry, and on the left of Randolph's First Rhode Island Battery, relieving Captain Ransom's battery. At 4.15 p.m. the enemy opened a brisk cannonade from the woods directly in front of the battery, at a distance of 930 yards, which was answered by a rapid and effective fire from my batter and such others having the range. The enemy's guns were silenced in fifteen minutes. At 4.55 p.m. the enemy opened with two pieces, 400 yards to the left of former position. The guns were also silenced after a cannonade of five minutes. The battery held the same position during the night.

On the morning of the 14th, at 11 o'clock, it was withdrawn to the rear of the sunken road, where it remained until Monday night, with the exception of the center section, which was placed in position in front of the sunken road at 10 o'clock, and withdrawn at 4 o'clock. At 9 p.m. the battery was moved to the pontoon bridge, crossed at 11 o'clock, and took position on the elevated flat on the north bank of the river, holding the right of five batteries of light 12-pounders until 8.30 a.m., then being relieved and ordered to the rear.

I have the honor to forward reports of horses lost and ammunition expended. I have no casualties to report, nor any injuries of importance to battery.

GEORGE F. LEPPIEN,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Battery Maine Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. W. POWELL, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 224. Report of Captain James A. Hall, Second Maine Battery.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to submit the following, as a report of the operations of my battery in the engagement on the south of the Rappahannock, on Saturday, December 13, 1862:

The battery was ordered into position by Colonel Wainwright, at 9 a.m., in the corn-field on the south of the Plank road, and on the left of General Gibbon's division, to support its left flank. A battery of the enemy at the time was playing upon us, and did us considerable harm for a short time; but, as we opened upon them with shell, they soon ceased firing, or turned their fire in another direction. This battery was 1,600 yards diagonally on our right flank. As there was considerable smoke, it was difficult to tell the effect of our shots upon them. As the heavy mist which hung over the field cleared away, I found I was exposed to a

cross-fire from a battery of the enemy, 700 yards directly on our flank, which opened with a rapid and well directed fire of solid shot, which was very galling. After firing for some thirty minutes, I was ordered to cease, by order of General Reynolds, as we were firing over our line of infantry.

We did not open upon the battery on our left flank, there being a mass of our own troops intervening; besides, there were other batteries

