
farther to our left, which opened upon it, and soon caused it to change position.

By order of General Gibbon, I sent my caissons back across the road, under cover; not, however, until a limber chest of one of them had been blown up. The guns were kept in position, firing only occasionally into the woods, until 2 p.m., when we commenced the woods in front of us, where our infantry were about to advance, and also fired some 60 rounds at the battery which was playing upon General Meade's left flank as his division advanced.

This battery of the enemy opened with ten guns, which were engaged by some forty from our lines, making it difficult to tell the effect of any one of our batteries, but the enemy's guns were soon silenced, and three of their caissons blown up. This battery was 1,300 yards diagonally on our left flank.

When General Gibbon's line went forward, he ordered the battery to advance, posting it within 200 yards of the woods, into which he directed a rapid fire of shell, continuing it until General Gibbon's division fell back, retiring some distance to my rear.

I now discovered a body of the enemy advancing from the woods, in front of my left, and opened upon them with case shot and canister at 200 yards distance. The effect of this last fire was very effectual, cutting down men and colors. My last round of ammunition being fired, I was obliged to retire, and, in limbering to the rear, five horses were shot from my left gun, and I was obliged to leave it upon the field for a time, as I had only horses enough to get the other away. As soon as I had got from under the fire of the enemy's musketry, I halted my guns, taking four horses from one of them, and with 6 men I returned to my abandoned piece and dragged it safely of the field. My horses had become so reduced, I could only move with three pieces, and with them, by order of Colonel Wainwright, on the 14th instant, I reported to General Doubleday, on the extreme left the line, and took a position assigned me by Captain Reynolds, chief of artillery, where we remained for a short time only, when we were withdrawn 200 yards by General Reynolds, as the enemy's skirmishers were annoying us somewhat. We occupied the last-named position until 7 p.m. of the 15th, when by order of General Reynolds, I recrossed the river, and took position on the hill covering the bridge on which General Franklin's troops were crossing.

My casualties during the engagement were 2 men killed, 14 wounded; also 25 horses killed and 6 wounded.

Eleven hundred rounds of ammunition were expended.

I have the honor to be, captain, with respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. HALL,

Captain, Commanding Second Maine Battery.

Captain GEORGE F. LEPPIEN,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Second Division.

No. 225. Report of Captain James Thompson, Battery, C, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 17, 1862.

SIR: I would most respectfully report, for the information of the general commanding the division, that, at about 9 a.m. on the 13th instant,

