
I was ordered to a position in a corn-field on the right of the division, which was about to advance, and to fire upon the enemy posted in edge of the wood to the right, so as to prevent the enemy from coming cut and lapping on the right of the line, when the divisions was about to enter the wood. I had fired but a few rounds when again ordered to advance closer and more to the right, in which position I continued to fire upon the enemy's infantry, and was subjected to a cross-fire from a rebel battery, but did not reply to it until the division had fallen back some distance, when I engaged it, until ordered to retire. One of the enemy's ammunition chests was blown up.

I also report the following casualties:*

* * * * * *

Most respectfully submitted.

J. THOMPSON,

Captain, Commanding Independent Battery Pa. Vols., 2nd Div., 1st A. C.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 226. Report of Colonel Adrian R. Root, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, Camp near Belle Plain, Va., December 23, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave respectfully to report that, pursuant to a memorandum order, received from division headquarters at 10 p.m., December 10, I moved with the brigade under my command, from the camp near White Oak Church at 6 o'clock the following morning (Thursday, December 11). The men were in heavy marching order, and had been supplied with three days' cooked rations. The baggage and supply trains had been previously packed, and were left in camp, in charge of the brigade and regimental quartermasters, with a guard composed of the convalescents of the brigade. I arrived at the Rappahannock River at 9 a.m.,and, pursuant to orders received through Captain Wood, assistant adjutant-general, massed the brigade in a grove of small timber, and stacked arms to await the completion of the pontoon bridges. I remained in this position during the bombardment of the city of Fredericksburg.

At 5.30 p.m, pursuant to orders received through Captain Lee, acting inspector-general, I called the brigade to attention, in readiness to cross the river, but soon afterward, the order being countermanded, I took distance by the head of column and bivouacked for the night.

At 11 p.m. I received definite orders from General Gibbon in person, and at 6 o'clock the following morning (Friday December 12) marched to the river bank and halted, to await the crossing of a portion of the Sixth Army Corps.

At 12 m., during the prevalence of a dense fog, I crossed the river on the pontoon bridge, and, pursuant to orders received through Captain Wood, assistant adjutant-general, massed the brigade in column, by battalions in line, in rear and within supporting distance of the Second and the Third Brigades, which had been deployed in two parallel

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows 2 enlisted men wounded, 2 horses killed, 1 wheel destroyed, and 1 gun-carriage axle broken.

---------------

