
I wish to make especial mention of Lieutenant Charles E. Scoville, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers,acting assistant adjutant-general. This gallant young officer, by his personal bravery and active exertion, inspirited the men and contributed greatly to the success of the brigade.

Lieutenant Abner R. Small, Sixteenth Maine Volunteers,acting aide-de-camp, rendered me valuable and efficient service, and bore himself with a cool intrepidity worthy of his regiment.

I wish to acknowledge my obligations to Colonel Bates, Twelfth Massachusetts Volunteers, for his prompt and generous response to my request for his co-operation. He promptly united his regiment with my brigade and charged upon the enemy's position with fixed bayonets and empty cartridge-boxes.

I entertain a deep sense of the valuable assistance afforded me by Brigadier General Nelson Taylor in person. His personal courage and active zeal rendered him conspicuous even among so many brave men; and, finally, I desire to render a general tribute of honest praise and gratitude to the officers and soldiers of my brigade. The soldierly attributes implanted and fostered at Cedar Mountain, Rappahannock Station, Thoroughfare Gap, Bull Run, South Mountain, and Antietam evinced themselves in full maturity at Fredericksburg Heights, enabling many to meet death with unflinching courage;other to bear painful wounds with uncomplaining fortitude, and inspiring me with such confidence in the remaining officers and soldier of my brigade as justifies my desire for a future and early opportunity of meeting the enemy upon a fair field.

I remain, captain, with respect and esteem, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN R. ROOT,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Asst. Ajdt. General, Second Division, First Army Corps.

No. 227. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Tilden, Sixteenth Maine Infantry.

CAMP NEAR BELLE PLAIN, VA., December 25, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the regiment under my command at the late engagement near Fredericksburg:

In compliance with your order, my command, numbering 21 line officers and 406 enlisted men, was in line at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 11th instant, for the purpose of crossing the Rappahannock, as it was understood we were to cross at daybreak. We commenced our line of march, with the First Brigade, at 5.15 a.m., and proceeded some 3 miles toward the river, a short distance below Fredericksburg, when it was discovered that we would not cross, owing to the engineers being unable to complete the bridges. At this point I brought my command to a rest, and remained through the day and night.

On the morning of the 12th instant, orders received from headquarters of brigade to be under arms at 5 o'clock, I had my command in line at the appointed time, and took up our line of march, crossing the river about 12 m. After crossing and resting for a short time, we formed a line of battle in the rear of the One hundred and seventh

