
Pennsylvania and One hundred and fifth New York Volunteers, near the stone mansion occupied as a hospital, which position we maintained through the remainder of the afternoon and night, with the exception of changing slightly from time to time to avoid the fire of the enemy's batteries in position on the heights at our right.

On the morning of the 13th instant, I had my command under arms at 8 o'clock, and had orders to march by the flank about a quarter of a mile to the left. Here we were obstructed in our passage by a thick growth of bushes and a ravine. Our pioneers soon cleared the way, and we were again on the march. While waiting at the above place, 2 of my command were slightly wounded by pieces of shell thrown from the enemy's guns, they having complete range of this point. After crossing the ravine, we moved by the right flank beyond the country road and formed a line of battle. Remained here for a short time, and was then ordered to return to the road, where we remained until about 1 p.m. At this time I moved my regiment, in compliance with orders from you, to the front, in the open field, and then by the right flank to the right, unmasking the One hundred and fifth New York Regiment, and forming in line of battle on their right. This being done, we immediately opened fire upon the enemy, who were covered behind the embankment of the railroad in front of us. Finding his fire very disastrous, and seeing that our fire was doing little or no execution, the order was received from your, through Lieutenant Scoville, to fix bayonets, charge, and drive him from his breastworks. My regiment being some 15 paces in advance of those on my right and left, I waited some few moments for them to come up, but finding did not, I gave the order to charge, which was obeyed with promptness and firmness equal to that displayed by veteran troops, driving the enemy from his breastworks and capturing some 60 prisoners, sending the same to the rear. After crossing, I advanced into the woods a short distance,and my lines being somewhat broken, ordered a new line formed for the purpose of advancing still farther; but finding that we had no support, I immediately gave the order to fire into the woods,as it was evident the enemy was there in ambush, from the fire received from the woods, hoping that support night be sent to us. None being received, however,my ammunition being nearly exhausted,and firing that the enemy had gained possession of the point of woods making out on our left, which I supposed was held by the other regiments of the brigade, I gave the order to retire, which was obeyed, and the retreat made in good order, but not without giving the rebels two volleys as a parting salute. We retired under the crest of the hill,back of the country road, where we remained until 2 o'clock of the morning of the 14th instant, at which time we moved to the left some 1 1/2 miles, and remained until daylight, at which time we advanced and formed the second line of battle at this point. Remaining in this position Sunday and Monday, I received your orders to get my command in line at 7 o'clock Monday evening, which was accordingly obeyed, and proceeded to cross the river, which was done without any casualty.

I should be remiss did I fail to mention the bravery and heroic conduct of the Twelfth Massachusetts, Colonel Bates commanding, whom we were to relieve. It was with difficulty we gained their front, they were so determined,so earnest in doing their whole duty, and it was with reluctance Colonel Bates and command obeyed the order to retire. I should be doing injustice to mention the names of any my command as worthy of mention in this engagement, as all, both officers and men, performed their duty like true soldiers, and with determination to conquer.

