
My loss of line officers was fully equal to the percentage of enlisted men, having 11 killed, wounded, and missing. Among the number were Captain Hutchins, Company B, and Lieutenant Herrick, company D, who fell gallantly leading their commands forward to the work before them.

My loss is as follows: Killed-officers,2; enlisted men,30.

Missing-officers,2; enlisted men, 32. Wounded,157.*

I have the honor, colonel, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS W. TILDEN.

Colonel A. R. ROOT,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 228. Report of Major John A. Kress, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, December 16, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with circular from Headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, First Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers in the action of December 13, 1862, near Fredericksburg:

We crossed the Rappahannock on the 12th, and bivouacked near the Bernard mansion.

On the morning of the 13th, we were moved farther down the river, and across a ravine, to the rear of an earthen fence along the Bowling Green road. While passing through the ravine, we were shelled by the enemy, and 2 men of the Ninety-fourth we wounded; neither severely. We laid near the road, as a reserve to the Second and Third Brigades, until about 2 p.m., when we were ordered to fix bayonets and storm a breastworks in our front. We charged in column of battalions in line, the Sixteenth Maine being in front,and the Ninety-fourth New York next in rear. The brigade charged up to the railroad in the face of a close and telling fire from the enemy, posted in a ditch beyond the railroad. On reaching the railroad, the Sixteenth Maine halted on the track. The rebels turned, broke, and ran. My own men, eager to do their part, rushed to the front, and captured over 100 of the Thirty-third North Carolina Regiment.

The brigade was again moved to the front, about 100 yards, into the woods. The enemy rallied quickly, and came down on our right, pouring in a very severe fire, which killed and wounded many of our men. At this time my color-bearer was shot through the breast. We were entirely unsupported, and, as the enemy was attempting to flank us on our left, we were ordered to retire, which we did at a walk, and reformed in rear of the Bowling Green road.

This regiment had 2 captains and 2 lieutenants wounded, 2 men killed, and 45 wounded; 2 of the latter have since died.*

All did nobly. Officers and men were cool and collected,each and all anxious to do their whole duty. Captains Tomlinson, Place, Carpenter, Moffett, White, and Searles, Lieutenant Tyler, acting adjutant, Lieutenant Hulbert, and several others were brought particularly under my notice by their coolness and courage.

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.138.

---------------

