
Captains Place and Carpenter and Lieutenants Tyler and Wodell were wounded. Nine men are reported missing in action.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN A. KRESS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. E. SCOVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 229. Report of Colonel Gilbert G. Prey, One hundred and fourth New York Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 17, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this regiment in the action before Fredericksburg:

On the 13th instant, this regiment moved forward with the rest of the First Brigade, and in rear of them. After remaining in line in rear of the road for some time,it went into action in that position, being just in rear of the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers. Following closely the movements of the preceding regiment until it came to the railroad, it there became partially divided, the right wing obliquing to the right and directing, its fire upon a body of the enemy in the edge of the woods, while the left, pressing forward, became entangled with the Ninety-fourth New York and Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, and in that position entered the woods. Here the regimental line was again restored, forming on the left of the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers. After the firing had continued some time, an order was passed along the line to fall back, and this regiment, with others, fell back to the edge of the woods; but finding this order unauthorized, returned again to their positions, and continued the firing until the brigade was ordered to retire. Retiring across the railroad, the regimental line was reformed, and came in good order from the field.

I am gratified to say that the conduct of most of my officers and men was entirely satisfactory. Many of them are deserving of special notice for gallantry; but as the names of all such cannot be given, a mention of any wound be invidious.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

GILBERT G. PREY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. E. SCOVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 230. Report of Captain Abraham Moore, One hundred and fifth New York Infantry.

OPPOSITE FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 17, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your the following official report of the movements of this command during the last few days:

On Thursday, the 11th instant, under command of Major Daniel A. Sharp, we broke camp about 4 a.m., distant about 4 miles form Fredericksburg,

