
and move up to the river. On the following (Friday) morning we moved 1 mile below this point, where, after being delayed by the passage of troops a few hours over the pontoon bridge, which was thrown across the river at this point, at about 9 a.m. we took our place in line, and crossed to the opposite bank, and halted on the plain, about a half mile distant from the river, where we remained all night.

On the following (Saturday) morning we moved nearer the front, and during the earlier portion of the forenoon changed our position several times. At about 11 a.m. our regiment was deployed into line, and moved rapidly to the front, coming under the enemy's fire, they halted and returned volley for volley for the space of a half hour. Here Majo Sharp fell, seriously wounded, the command devolving upon myself. We charged on the enemy, driving them from their cover, but our number having become so reduced, we were obliged to fall back a short distance before superior numbers of the enemy. We rallied, and made a stand, and held our position against great odd until we were ordered to fall back to where we formed line of battle, were we remained the rest of the day. In the early part of the evening we fell back to a grove, where, during the night, the men were rationed, and on the following morning nearly we moved to the left about 1 mile from where Saturday's engagement took place, and acted as a support to the artillery until Monday evening, when we were ordered to fall back to the (or near) original starting point, on the opposite side of the river, where we now are, ever ready at your call.

We went into action with 12 commissioned officer and 160 enlisted men.

The following is a list of our casualties:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing in	 Supposed to	 Total.

 	 	 action.	 be prisoners.

Officer	 --- 	 5	 ---	 2	 7

Men	 10	 56	 4	 ---	 70

Total	 10	 61	 4	 2	 77

I am, yours, most respectfully,

A. MOORE,

Captain, Commanding One hundred and fifth New York Volunteers.

Colonel A. R. ROOT,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 231. Report of Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA. December 16, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with the order of Colonel A. R. Root, commanding the brigade, I would respectfully make the following report of

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.138.

---------------

