
the part taken by this regiment (One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) in this recent actions nea Fredericksburg,

Va.:

In camp near this place on the evening of December 10, 1862, I received orders from your headquarters to prepare the regiment for immediate action, by having each soldier supplied with 60 rounds of cartridges, three days' cooked rations in the haversacks, and to be in line of march at 5 o'clock in the morning of the 11th instant, in view of proceeding to cross the Rappahannock.

Being ready at the designated hour, the line was formed by Colonel Root, the One hundred and seventh on the right of the brigade, the brigade itself being composed of the Ninety-fourth, One hundred and fourth and One hundred and fifth Regiments New York volunteers, the Sixteenth Maine, and One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. The brigade leading the division (Second Division, First Army Corps, left grand division) took up the line of march for the intended point of crossing, about 1 mile southeast of the city of Fredericksburg. The cannonading had already commenced, and was increasing in volume as we approached the river. When near the river, and within view of the conflict, a halt was ordered, where we remained in support of the batteries in our front, on the bank of the river (part of which were in action during the day), until dawn of the morning of the 12th, when the line of march was again taken for the pontoon bridge, upon which we safely crossed to the south side of the Rappahannock at about 12 m. Skirmishing with the enemy's sharpshooters was then in progress, and was continued during the whole day. The afternoon was occupied in forming and disposing the several lines of battle fronting the enemy's position, which was very strong, being the ridges and woods south of the river, and from 1 to 2 miles from it, but forming a semicircle, with the right and left on the river east and west of the city of Fredericksburg, and forming an extent within view of, perhaps, 6 or 8 miles. The night of the 12th we bivouacked on the field, ready for the impending conflict.

Soon after daylight of the morning of the 13th, the contest opened, and in a few minutes we advanced, under a heavy fire of shall, to the front and left of the position occupied during the night. My regiment, with the One hundred and fifth New York as a supporting column was ordered forward to the support of Captain Hall's battery, then in position in a corn-field, in short range of the enemy, who was posted in the wood and along the railroad with our line, where we remained for several hours, and whilst a most terrific artillery battle was being waged. In the mean time the infantry columns were forming to advance upon the enemy.

Colonel Root, with our brigade, advanced in support and to the relief of the Second Brigade (Colonel Lyle's), then under a most deadly fire of musketry. The brigade advancing in column, my regiment necessarily came under and into close musket before the other regiments composing the brigade could be deployed into line on its right. At this period in the battle, and immediately after, we were under a most destructive fire, and our brave fellows were falling fast. The ground was strewn with the dead and the wounded. Regiment after regiment having expended their ammunition, with their ranks shattered and thinned, were retiring to reform and renew the conflict. At this point General Gibbon, commanding the division, advanced to the rear of my regiment and ordered that the wood should be taken at the point of the bayonet. The order to fix bayonets was given. A farther advance was made; several move volleys fire into the enemy, when I repeated the order to charge into the wood. The regiment, officers and men, responded with a

