
cheer, the flags advanced, the regiment followed at a run, quickly gaming the railroad, and, without a moment's stop, after the rebels into the wood, being, as I believe, the first regiment of the division to enter, clearing it in our front of the enemy, silencing their fire, capturing a number of prisoners, and resumed the position on the railroad skirting the wood.

When here, forming a line in the defense along the railroad, that we might hold what we had gained, I was ordered by the commander of the brigade, through Lieutenant Scoville, acting assistant adjutant-general, to immediately repair to the right and aid the other regiments of the brigade, then in close conflict with a superior force of the enemy, which order was promptly complied with, and again my almost exhausted regiment rendered good and, I trust, efficient service. Being now far in advance of our own lines, and into the enemy's, with our ranks decimated, we were ordered to retire, that fresh troops should our would occupy and hold the ground thus gained, and gained at so fearful a sacrifice. Soon reforming our lines, replacing the cartridge-boxes and haversacks, we bivouacked upon the adjoining field for the night.

At 3 a.m. we were again up and under arms, on the march to the extreme left of our lines, where we remained in line of battle, exposed to the shells of the enemy's batteries in that quarter of the battle-field during the 14th and 15th, and until we left to resume our present position.

The loss in my regiment has been great; but, thanks to a kind Providence, not so great a might have been expected, in view of the terrible conflicts through which it passed.

The regiment entered the battle with 171 muskets, the balance of the regiment being on provost and other duties. The loss in killed is 4; in wounded, 47 (2 of these since dead); missing,2. Total,53.* I herewith inclose you a list+ of the names, as directed by your circular of this morning.

The following officers of the regiment were present upon the field and engaged in the battle: Company A, Lieutenant T. K. Scheffer, commanding, and Lieutenant O. P. Stair; Company B, Captain J. MacThomson and Lieutenant J. V. Gish; Company C, Lieutenant James Corcoran, commanding; Company D, Sergt. George Huff, commanding; Company E, Captain E. D. Roath and Lieutenant J. A. Carman; Company F, Captain E. W. H. Eisenbice; Company G, Captain E. E. Zeigler and Lieutenant James B. Thomas, acting adjutant; Company H, Lieutenant D. S. Mathews, commanding, wounded in the arm; Company I, Captain H. J. Sheafer and Lieutenant W. N. Black; Company K, Lieutenant B. Rodes, commanding and Lieutenant G. F. Cook.

I am happy to say that these officers conducted themselves with zeal and courage, and that their example inspired and encouraged the men.

I would take pleasure in naming the flag-bearers, Corpl. Henry Sunniver and Private George Henthorne, of Company B, as having exhibited during the battle great courage and daring.

I will embrace the first opportunity of forwarding to your headquarters the names of such non-commissioned officers and privates as may have merited special notice.

Lieutenant, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. F. McCOY,

Colonel One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. E. SCOVILLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

P. S.-I would add to this report that Surg. J. F. Hutchinson and Asst. Surg. R. Dana were detailed for duty in the division hospital,and Asst.

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.138.

+Omitted.

---------------

