
were repulsed by a volley from two companies of the Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, stationed there to hold it. Shortly after the silencing of the enemy's guns, I was relieved by General Burns, who occupied with his division the position I had held, and I resumed the march to Fayetteville. For two hours my troops were exposed to a terrible artillery fire. They deserve great praise for the courage and steadiness exhibited in their exposed position. Captains Durell and Roemer and the officers of their batteries behaved with great coolness and bravery throughout the action. Captain McKibbin, assistant adjutant-general, is worthy of praise for his services on the field.

I inclose Captain Durell's report of the engagement.

Casualties: Lieutenant Howard McIlvain, killed; two privates Durell's battery, wounded; two privates Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, wounded.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Report of Captain George W. Durell, Battery D, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Second Independent Battery, Pennsylvania Volunteers, in the action at Warrenton Springs, Va., on the 15th of November, 1862:

In pursuance to orders from division headquarters, the battery moved from its park about daylight on the morning of the 15th day of November, 1862, and moved down the road passing the Springs, which road crosses the Rappahannock a few hundred yards below the Springs. Near the river the road turns to the left at a sharp angle; over this road the battery moved, being in rear of the division and immediately in advance of the wagon train. A very short time after turning this angle our attention was directed to our cavalry skirmishing on the hills beyond the river, who retreated as soon as the division moved on. Their retreat was followed almost simultaneously with the bursting of a shell among the train, which was now passing around the angle of the road, followed by many more shells in quick succession. The left section of the battery was ordered into position immediately, and very soon thereafter the remaining two sections were put in position. The battery was exposed to a very heavy fire for over an hour, holding their position until the train had passed, when, being relieved by Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, they rejoined the division.

Casualties.-Early in the engagement Junior First Lieutenant Howard McIlvain was wounded by a shell from a 20-pounder Parrott gun, and died from effects of wounds at 8 o'clock same evening. Private Henry Ives, arm badly shattered by a shell; arm amputated on the ground.

All which is respectfully submitted.

GEORGE W. DURELL,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Brigadier General E. FERRERO,

Commanding Second Brigade.

