
Numbers 236. Report of Colonel Thomas M. Bayne, One hundred and thirty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 17, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the battle of the 13th instant, on the southern bank of the Rappahannock River, near Fredericksburg, Va.

Agreeably to your orders, I drew the regiment up in line of battle at 9 a. m. At 9.50 o'clock we made an advance. After having advanced about half way down the field of battle, the enemy threw a terrific storm of shell, grape, and canister at us. We lay down upon the ground, and remained in this position till 1 p. m., when we again advanced. There being none of our men in our front, we opened fire, and continued firing while advancing. We crossed the railroad and went into the wood, where we halted. We remained there until we exhausted our ammunition (60 rounds to each man), being under a direct and enfilading fire for two hours and forty minutes. Having no support upon our left, we had to defend our position against a force which presented a front twice the length of our own, occupying a chosen position, protected by a dense wood and supported by a battery. Had we been properly supported by infantry and artillery, we could have held the wood, but we were compelled to retire for want of ammunition, which we did in good order.

It would be invidious to mention individual cases of courage and bravery, when all acted so nobly and heroically. A list* of the casualties, hereto subjoined, will show the shock we had to withstand, and how we withstood it those who witnessed the engagement can best attest. None faltered, but all stood at their post of duty, and were loth to quit their position, even when they knew it was impossible to hold it longer. Lieutenant Colonel Wright was constantly moving along the line encouraging the men. Company officers stood up beside their men and offered every encouragement. It is with proud satisfaction I say both officers and men performed their whole duty.

THOMAS M. BAYNE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel P. LYLE,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 237. Report of Brigadier General Nelson Taylor, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Camp near Fletcher's Chapel, Va., December 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade in the action of the 13th instant, together with the reports of the commandants of the regiments composing the brigade:

On the morning of the 13th, by direction of Brigadier-General Gibbon,
---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 139.

---------------

