
persons I was not sufficiently familiar to remember, and trust that the omission of any deserving name will, in consequence, be overlooked.

The especial attention of the commanding general is called to the regimental reports, herewith submitted, and to the honorable mention of names contained therein.

I conclusion, I should feel that I failed to do my duty if I omitted to acknowledge my great indebtedness to my two aides, Captain Hartz, assistant adjutant-general, who was wounded, and Lieutenant Post, aide-de-camp, for their able and timely assistance, particularly to the latter, whose gallantry and intrepidity in assisting to execute and to convey my orders could not be excelled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 238. Report of Colonel Samuel H. Leonard, Thirteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

[DECEMBER --, 1862.]

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the doings of this regiment in the late action across the river, near Fredericksburg:

In obedience to orders, we crossed the river at the head of the brigade about 10 a. m., and soon after were marched nearly 2 miles to the left, beyond the Bernard mansion, when the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, covering the entire left flank to the river. After advancing about half a mile, crossing a ravine, the direction was changed to the right, and the left wing brought up toward the Bowling Green road. When approaching near it, the enemy's pickets were discovered posted in the road. They slowly fell back as we advanced, and possession of the road was gained without firing a shot, covering the front of the brigade, and extending nearly a quarter of a mile to the left, where we joined pickets established by General Meade's division. The regiment remained in that position all night.

About 9 a. m. Saturday, the 13th, General Meade's division changed position to the right, and were placed with the front resting on the road, when I asked to have my left wing rallied to the right, which was granted. Before the movement was completed, an advance was ordered, and the right wing was moved to the front about 500 yards, into an open field, where the enemy's pickets were. They fell back as we advanced, exchanging shots, to the woods in our front. This ground was held until 1 p. m., when the ammunition was exhausted. At that time the brigade was advanced over the line of skirmishers toward the woods, and we were ordered to the rear to get ammunition, when the engagement became general. The skirmishers were assembled on the right and left, and retired in good order. I remained on the left of the line of skirmishers, covering the battery (Captain Hall's), with four companies, until there appeared to be a general retreat, when I marched them to the rear, near the Bernard mansion, and reformed the regiment and obtained a supply of ammunition. At this time (about 4) I was ordered

