
to assume the command of the brigade. The officers and men, I am pleased to say, performed their duties promptly and faithfully.

A report of the casualties has been made in full.*

Hoping that my actions meet with your approval, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. LEONARD,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain W. T. HARTZ,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 239. Report of Captain Joseph A. Moesch, Eighty-third New York Infantry.

NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., December 18, 1862.

SIR: The Ninth Regiment New York State Militia, of the Third Brigade, Second Division, First Army Corps, crossed the Rappahannock River on Friday, the 12th instant, at 9 a. m. The regiment was marched to the left of the line of battle, where they remained under arms during the night.

Early on Saturday morning they advanced in line of battle, for the purpose of engaging the enemy. The regiment was commanded by Captain John Hendrickson, of Company G, and took into the action 12 officers and 280 men. After being engaged for thirty minutes, the regiment was relieved, and came off the field with a loss of 1 officer (Lieutenant Felix Hirt, Company H) and 8 enlisted men killed; also 5 officers and 116 enlisted men wounded.+

In merit to those who distinguished themselves on this occasion, I would respectfully mention the name of Captain John Hendrickson, acting colonel, who, while urging on his men in the most gallant manner, was severely wounded, and carried from the field. The command then devolved on Captain Joseph A. Moesch, acting lieutenant-colonel, who was particularly noticed by the officers and men for bravery exhibited throughout the fight; and, though wounded, still remained in command, cheering on his men until relieved by another brigade.

The regiment then fell to the rear, of the purpose of reforming. Captain Moesch's wound being of such a painful nature, he was forced to turn over the command to senior Lieutenant Isaac E. Hoagland. After a rest of a few hours, the regiment was again ordered to the front, on the extreme left of the line of battle, where they bivouacked until the night of Monday, the 15th instant. During the intervening time, Lieutenant Hoagland was relieved, by permission of the colonel commanding the brigade. The command then devolved upon First Lieutenant Henry P. Claire, in which capacity he acted until relieved by Captain Joseph A. Moesch, who had so far recovered from the effects of his wound as to be once more enabled to take command of the regiment.

Great credit is due Captain Augus Cameron, of Company F, for the able manner in which he performed the duties devolving upon him as acting major. In the first part of the engagement he was severely wounded and carried from the field. Also to Lieutenant Thomas Layton, of Company E, acting adjutant, who fell, mortally wounded, and has since died.

I cannot give too much praise to both officers and men of my com-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 139.

+But see revised statement, p. 139.

---------------

