
back. We left the field at 2.30 p. m., being under fire five and a half hours. After the action we took the position we had left in the morning.

I cannot name officers that distinguished themselves, as they all acted bravely, with the exceptions above stated. I will state, however, that Lieutenant-Colonel Spofford assisted me very much by his bravery and example, and also in keeping the men in their places.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

CHARLES WHEELOCK,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers.

Colonel S. H. LEONARD,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 241. Report of Captain Christian Kuhn, Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

CAMP NEAR WHITE OAK CHURCH, VA., December 22, 1862.

SIR: I report the following as the part borne by this regiment in the action with the enemy near Fredericksburg, Va., on the 13th instant:

About 6 o'clock on the morning of the 12th instant, marched to low ground on the north side of the Rappahannock River, and there lay until about 11 a. m., when, with balance of the brigade, proceeded across the river and halted on opposite bank, being formed in column by division. Were moved from this point about 400 yards down the river and again halted. About 1 p. m. were moved still farther down the river, in vicinity of stone hospital; after passing which, were drawn up in line of battle, with left resting near the bank of the river. At about 2 p. m. were marched, by the right flank, some 400 yards, and, filling to the left about 200 yards, came again by files right into line facing the road, which was occupied by our pickets (Thirteenth Massachusetts). Here we lay on our arms during the night.

On the morning of the 13th, between 9 and 10 o'clock, were ordered to advance across the road, which was done by the right flank, and, filling to the right, advanced by the left flank, in line of battle, about 200 yards, the enemy's pickets during. Here we halted for a few moments, and afterward advanced about 50 yards, when a battery on our right opened, which had considerable effect upon our line, when we were ordered to lie down. Colonel Coulter here remarked to Captain Hartz, assistant adjutant-general, that if he had permission to move his regiment to the low ground, about 50 yards in advance, it would be more protected; to which Captain Hartz replied, "Certainly; take all the cover you can." Colonel Coulter immediately ordered the regiment forward to the ground designated, where the men again lay down for, perhaps, thirty minutes. The regiment having passed the line of skirmishers in the advance, Colonel Coulter ordered one man from each company to the brow of the hill, in advance, to watch the movements of the enemy, and act as skirmishers. Were now within 250 yards of the enemy's line. Here we received orders from General Taylor to advance and engage the enemy, which was done, to within about 150 yards of the enemy's position; during which advance it was exposed to a most galling fire of small-arms. This was, however, briskly replied to by our line. The regiment remained in line firing until, the colonel being wounded, and the colors

