
having been three times shot down, and the line very much broken, the remainder of the regiment were ordered by General Taylor to rally on their colors. This was promptly done, and the colors brought off the field, the brigade being relieved by the Second Brigade, Colonel Lyle. After leaving the field, the regiment moved to the bank of the river east of stone hospital. While there, the heavy shelling of the enemy made it necessary, for the security of the residue of the regiment, to move some 400 yards up the river under cover, where sufficient ammunition was drawn to supply 60 rounds per man. About 6 o'clock we received orders to rejoin the balance of the brigade at the position occupied by us on the night of the 12th instant. About 2 o'clock received orders to move and proceed about 800 yards to the left, where we lay until daylight on the 14th instant. Were ordered here to retire about 100 yards, under cover of the rising ground then occupied by us, where we remained until about 5.30 p. m., when we received orders to report to Major Gould, Thirteenth Massachusetts, for picket duty at cross-roads. Remained on picket until about 3 a. m., 15th instant, when we were ordered by General Smith to retire as quietly as possible to the north bank of the Rappahannock.

I have the honor to remain, yours, respectfully,

C. KUHN,

Captain, Commanding Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Lieutenant D. H. BRADLEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 242. Report of Major David A. Griffith, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry.

DECEMBER 18, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your order, I herewith send you a statement of the part take by my command in the action of December 13, 1862, near Fredericksburg, Va.

Having crossed the Rappahannock River with the rest of the brigade, we took a position on this side of the Bowling Green road (the Thirteenth Massachusetts being in the road as skirmishers) on Friday afternoon about 2 o'clock, and remained in this position until 9.30 a. m. of the 13th. The brigade then advanced into the field, fronting the position of the enemy, driving in their pickets and supporting our skirmishers. The brigade then halted and laid down. In a few minutes General Taylor ordered me to advance my men to the brow of the hill and pour a volley into a rebel battery, which was shelling us. We accordingly advanced to the brow of the hill, amid a shower of grape, and delivered our volley. The fire being very severe, having already 3 killed and a number wounded, I gave the command "march on retreat," which was unfortunately misunderstood by my men, who became partially disorganized and ran to the rear, but I succeeded in rallying them at a trench some distance behind the brigade line, and, having reformed, we again took our position on the line with the rest of the brigade. After lying in this position about an hour, under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, the brigade was ordered to advance, which my regiment accordingly did, and engaged the enemy with the rest of the brigade, until the Second Brigade came up to our relief, when I immediately faced my regiment to the right and took a position on the right of the

