
Second Brigade. This brigade was in turn relieved, but my regiment did not quit the field until the First Brigade had retired, when we accompanied it, marching out in quick time and in good order.

In this engagement this regiment lost 6 killed, 27 wounded, and 1 missing.*

We were under fire for five hours, having advanced at 9.30 a. m., and fell back at 2.30 p. m. One hundred and eighty-three officers and men of my command were engaged.

Why my regiment was not relieved with the Third Brigade, I cannot say. But having no orders to quit the field, my command remained as above stated. My men fired all their ammunition, 60 rounds per man, and, after this supply was exhausted, we still retained our position, exposed to the enemy's fire, but unable to return it, expecting every moment to obtain support.

All my officers behaved with great gallantry, but I would particularly mention Adjt. Benezet F. Foust and Lieutenant George B. Rhoads, commanding Company B, whose noble conduct greatly encouraged my men. Among the non-commissioned officers I would mention Sergt. George H. Fulton, William H. Forbes, and Jacob Neinsteel, the first two of whom have been acting as commissioned officers and have been recommended for promotion.

Very respectfully,

D. A. GRIFFITH,

Major, Commanding Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Colonel S. H. LEONARD,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 243. Report of Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS, December 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the subjoined report of the part taken by this division in the recent operations in the vicinity of Fredericksburg:

The division in composed of three brigades, organized and commanded as follows: First Brigade, Colonel William Sinclair, Sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, commanding, consists of the First Rifles (Bucktails), First, Second, and Sixth Regiments Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, and the One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers; the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel A. L. Magilton, Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, contains the Third, Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Regiments Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, together with the One hundred and forty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers; the Third Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General C. Feger Jackson, was composed of the Fifth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Regiments Pennsylvania Reserve Corps. Attached to this division were four batteries, each of four guns, two of light 12-pounders, one commanded by Captain D. R. Ransom, Fifth U. S. Artillery, the other by Lieutenant J. G. Simpson, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and two of 3-inch rifled guns, commanded by Capts. J. H. Cooper and F. P. Amsden, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 139.

---------------

