
to move forward and to support the battery, which he did. At this time the enemy had come within canister range. At this juncture Captain Ransom's battery came into action immediately on our right, and with his aid the enemy in our front were compelled to retire to the woods from which they had charged. About sunset we received 200 rounds of case shot and shell from the ammunition train. Soon after, the enemy's guns again opened upon us from the woods, and after an hour's engagement they ceased firing, and the engagement ended for the day, the battery having expended 980 rounds of ammunition. The battery retained its position until about midnight, when we were relieved by Captain Thompson's battery, when we withdrew to a position near the Bernard house.

The following is the list of casualties in this day's engagement:*

* * * * * *

J. H. COOPER,

Captain First Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Battery B.

[Colonel C. S. WAINWRIGHT:]

Numbers 246. Report of Captain Frank P. Amsden, Battery G, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

[DECEMBER --, 1862.]

SIR: My report of the part taken by Battery G, First Pennsylvania Artillery, in the battle of Fredericksburg is as follows:

Received orders from headquarters left grand division, dated December 9, 1862, to report to Captain De Russy, U. S. Army, on the 10th instant with my battery, to take position on the heights above Pollock's Mill. Got into position by midnight. About 1 p. m., the 11th instant, was ordered by Captain De Russy to take my battery down to the bank of the river, and take position to the left of Captain Hall's battery, to protect the troops crossing the pontoon bridge. From this position I fired 24 case shot at squads of the enemy, who appeared in the vicinity of a large stone house and the surrounding outbuildings, on the opposite bank, and to our left.

About 9 a. m. on the 12th instant, was ordered to resume my first position, on the heights. About 4 p. m. same date, was ordered by Captain De Russy to take my battery across the river, and report at General Franklin's headquarters. Was ordered by Colonel Wainwright to encamp for the night on the plain, near the river bank, above the stone house.

About 8 a. m. 13th instant, was moved by Colonel Wainwright to a point about 200 yards in front of the stone house. From this was led by Colonel Wainwright to a position in front of General Meade's division, to the right of Captain Cooper's battery, with orders to watch the line of woods in front, and report to General Sinclair, commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

The general fire opened about 12 m. During the engagement the battery fired 346 case shot and 236 shell. The balance of the ammunition in the chests was Schenkl, 80 rounds of which were percussion shell. After the guns became a little foul, this ammunition would not enter. I also lost 25 cartridges, through the flimsiness of the material the bags were made of. They were drawn from the Washington Arsenal

---------------

*List, omitted, shows 5 enlisted men wounded and 2 horses killed.

---------------

