
last September. During the firing, the axles of the two middle guns were broken by the recoil of the pieces. Examination, after leaving the field, proved them of a very inferior quality of iron; so bad that they could not be welded. I kept these guns firing, however, until I considered them unsafe, and then ordered them from the field. Their ammunition was nearly expended, and our infantry was falling back.

While firing the last round from the left piece of the right section, a shot from the enemy, on our left, struck the wheel of the piece, shivering it and the axle-body badly. The piece, however, got off the field. The other two pieces, understanding this as an order for the whole battery, proceeded to limber up. At this moment my horse was shot under me, and, while I was disengaging myself, these pieces limbered up and moved off. As soon as possible, I formed the battery, parked it near the stone house, gave order for the chests to be refilled with ammunition, and proceeded in search of Colonel Wainwright, to report. Met General Reynolds; reported to him. Was ordered to fill my chests with ammunition, and report to General Meade. There was no ammunition at the train, nor did any come over the river for us during the night.

The next morning, 14th instant, about 10 o'clock, I reported to General Meade the state of the battery. He ordered me to have the section, with what ammunition I could get, report to Captain Ransom, who would assign it to duty with Captain Cooper's battery, while I took the disabled guns across the river and got them repaired. This I did. After getting the guns repaired, I joined the division about 6 p. m. the 15th instant. About 8 p. m. same date, received orders to cross the river. On this (the north) side, received orders from Captain West, of General Franklin's staff, to resume the position of the 11th instant, on the bank of the river. Was relieved from this position about 2 p. m., 16th instant, and ordered to join the division at this camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. P. AMSDEN,

Commanding Battery G.

Captain D. R. RANSOM,

Commanding Artillery, Third Division.

Numbers 247. Report of Captain Dunbar R. Ransom, Third U. S. Artillery, commanding Battery C, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

DECEMBER 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to instructions, I moved from camp, near White Oak Church, about midnight on the 11th instant, in rear of the Third Brigade, and came into position, under the direction of Major Doull, assistant inspector of artillery, covering the lower crossing of the Rappahannock, before daylight, Lieutenant J. G. Simpson, First Pennsylvania Artillery, on my left, and supported by the Third Brigade. During the morning we repulsed skirmishers sent to interrupt the laying of the bridge.

I crossed the river with the division on the 13th, and camped some half mile below the crossing, near the stone house, used as a hospital.

On the 14th, as the division was advancing, I came into battery, by General Meade's order, in rear of the skirmishers of the Sixth, under

