
in front of them, until they reached a new line of the enemy, concealed just beyond the summit of the hills, when they opened a dreadful fire upon the line, at a few yards distant only, and caused the whole line to break and fall to the rear. They were then formed beyond the musket range of the enemy, and placed in line of battle on the same ground we had marched from the same morning, where we remained until the evening of the 15th instant, and then recrossed the river.

Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is reported at 22 officers and 718 men. We succeeded in capturing a color from the enemy, and about 300 prisoners.

I would state that great credit is due to Colonels Sickel, Bolinger, and Woolworth for the manner in which they discharged their duty. I would also state that Lieutenant Wilson, Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, and acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Campbell, One hundred and forty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting as aide-de-camp, deserve great praise for the manner in which they conveyed orders under such a terrific fire, showing great coolness and courage, although both were slightly wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. MAGILTON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Vol. Corps.

Captain E. C. BAIRD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Meade's Division, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 251. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Anderson, Ninth Pennsylvania Reserves, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, December 18, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade since December 10:

In accordance with orders from division headquarters, the command, accompanied by Simpson's and Ransom's batteries, under Brigadier General C. F. Jackson, broke camp, near White Oak Church, about 11.30 p. m. of the 10th instant, and moved to a point on the Rappahannock River, about 3 miles below Fredericksburg, where it arrived at 2 o'clock the next morning. The orders being to cover the pontoniers while constructing bridges across the river, the Twelfth Regiment, with two companies of the Tenth and the batteries, were posted so as to protect the working party, the balance of the command being held in reserve. Two bridges were thrown across, and the work of constructing them accomplished about 11 o'clock, without interruption, except in one instance, when the enemy appeared in small force and fired upon the working party, wounding 6. They were immediately driven off by the artillery, and did not again make their appearance. The brigade remained in position until the next morning, when it crossed the river in rear of the Second Brigade, and, moving down the river, bivouacked for the remainder of the day and the following night about 1 mile below the place of crossing, the left resting upon the river.

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 13th, being under orders to that effect, the command was under arms and ready for action. Moving forward a short distance, it crossed a deep ravine near a burned mill, and, marching by flank across a broad, open field, and crossing a road formed

