
division, and that on its left; so that the artillery service was rendered on the left division front mainly. The right of this division rested on the ravine known as Deep Run. On the right of this run, and sweeping it, was posted Platt's battery (D), Second U. S. Artillery, commanded by First Lieutenant Edward B. Williston. On the left of the run was posted Ayres' battery (F), Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanded by First Lieutenant Leonard Martin. Snow's battery (B), First Maryland Artillery, was posted near the left of the division; between it and Ayres' were posted Battery G, Second U. S. Artillery, commanded by First Lieutenant J. H. Butler; McCartney's battery (A), First Massachusetts Artillery, and Clark's battery (B), First New Jersey Artillery. Finally, in the plain, quite in rear of Platt's, was posted Hexamer's battery (A), First New Jersey Artillery, bearing upon the heights in front, which frowned upon our line, and from which artillery fire could partially enfilade it.

This was attempted on the 13th instant, but Ayres' battery wheeled up to the right; two batteries were thrown upon its left, and those three, with Hexamer's, silenced the enemy's fire, which did not again open from that point, save once, for a short time.

On the 13th, the enemy opened a heavy artillery fire upon our front, which was responded to by our batteries in position. The batteries were engaged from about 10 a. m. until 11 a. m., when the enemy were forced to retire, leaving a portion of one of their batteries upon the field. About 2 p. m. on the same day, two batteries of the enemy were brought into position in our front. A brisk fire was sustained for about an hour by both parties; in the mean time one or two of the enemy's caissons were blown up and a gun dismantled. Occasional firing was kept up during the remainder of the day.

Sunday, the 14th instant, there were but few shots exchanged, but the batteries were particularly troubled by the incessant fire of the enemy's sharpshooters.

On Monday, the 15th instant, a battery of rifled guns opened a heavy fire upon Ayres' battery, which battery returned the fire with great accuracy and alacrity, blowing up two caissons of the enemy's, and forcing them to abandon their position.

Captain Wolcott's battery (A), First Maryland Artillery, was detached on the 13th, reporting to General Doubleday, and engaged on our left. He was relieved that night, but did not report to me till next day.

During the 15th instant the batteries were not engaged. That night the troops were withdrawn to the north bank of the river, and I have gratification in mentioning the alacrity manifested by Captain F. W. Seeley, Fourth Artillery, of General Stoneman's corps, Captain McCartney, and Lieutenants Martin, Williston, and Butler, commanding batteries, when called upon to remain on the south bank of the river, to repel any attack, in case daybreak of the 16th should find the troops not all passed over. Also rifle gun batteries were posted on the north bank, sweeping the plateau. The positions of these batteries were pointed out by that able officer, Acting Aide Preston C. F. West, U. S. Coast Survey.

I would specially mention the gallant style in which First Lieutenant Leonard Martin, Fifth Artillery, and First Lieutenant J. H. Butler, Second Artillery, commanded their batteries, and the splendid practice of those batteries. Captain McCartney showed coolness in his duties, and his battery did fine service. Captains Hexamer's and Snow's batteries did some good firing. First Lieutenant James A. Sayles, Fifth Vermont Volunteers, rendered valuable aid.

The artillery in these operations, it will be seen, generally performed

