
the heights all around us. In this trying situation they displayed great fortitude, patience, and endurance.

The First Maryland Battery, Captain Wolcott, was detached from the division during the whole of the operations. Williston's battery (D), Second U. S. Artillery, was placed daily in position to command any advance of the enemy down the valley of Deep Creek. McCartney's Massachusetts battery was in position on slight crest to the south and east of Deep Creek, except one day he was in position and action within General Howe's line. Hexamer's battery was on the plateau near to Deep Creek, and spiritedly replied to the enemy whenever he opened from the hillside. The fire of this battery appeared to be very effective.

It gives me pleasure to call attention to the activity, zeal, energy, and good conduct displayed by the officers and men generally of the division. I beg to call special attention to the brigade commanders, Colonel Torbert, First New Jersey, First Brigade; Colonel Cake, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania, Second Brigade, and Colonel D. A. Rusell, Seventh Massachusetts, commanding Third Brigade.

The officers of my personal staff are entitled to my thanks for their activity, gallantry, and general good conduct throughout those critical days. They are Captain Theodore Read, assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. A. K. Parsons and D. D. Wheeler, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, and Lieutenant Tyler, Twenty-seventh New York. It gives me pleasure to speak of Surgeon Burr, medical director of the division, as being devoted to his duties in the relief and care of the wounded.

Very respectfully,

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT GENERAL, SIXTH CORPS.

Numbers 255. Report of Colonel A. T. A. Torbert, First New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, December 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Fredericksburg, Va.:

The brigade, consisting of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifteenth, and Twenty-third Regiments New Jersey Volunteers, arrived on the north bank of the Rappahannock on the 11th instant, and encamped for the night.

At daylight on the 12th, the brigade started on cross the river. On reaching the south bank it was formed in two lines, in rear of the division; first line, Fifteenth and Twenty-third Regiments, deployed; second line, First, Second, Third, and Fourth Regiments, in line of masses 100 yards in rear.

About 1 o'clock the brigade advanced across a beautiful plain to support the second line of the division, during which time the enemy shelled them, but without effect. They were then put in a deep ravine to shelter them from the enemy's fire, where they lay on their arms all night, one or two being wounded by shells while there.

On the morning of the 13th, I relieved the pickets of the division by

