
and cavalry, and practicable for artillery. My position here was in front of the enemy's center, with instructions to hold the position, and not to advance unless it became necessary in an attack. When the division reached the position, our line of skirmishers became warmly engaged with the enemy, and soon drove them back to the point desired. With the exception of an angry skirmish line, the division was not active during the day nor the following night.

Early on the morning of the 13th, I relieved the first line (General Pratt's) by General Vinton's brigade. Soon after this the enemy, with re-enforced line of skirmishers, attempted to drive back our skirmish line, but they immediately came in collision with those hardy veterans of the Vermont brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Joyce, of the Second Vermont, and were handsomely repulsed, themselves driven back. It was in this sharp clash of the skirmish lines that Brigadier-General Vinton, in dashing up to our skirmish line, was severely wounded.

When the sun had lifted the heavy fog on the morning of the 13th, we discovered that the enemy had been active during the night in placing artillery in position in our front. As soon as we could discern objects at the distance of the rebel artillery sufficiently distinct, I ordered the division batteries to open fire upon them. Lieutenant Martin's regular battery was on the right of the division; Captain Snow's Maryland battery on the left, and Captain Clark's New Jersey battery, and Lieutenant Butler's regular battery, were immediately placed on the front. The enemy worked their artillery with energy, and continued their firing obstinately; but, after a reasonably short time for the guns they had, they disappeared with all they could draw off. Soon after, the enemy began his fire in our front; he also opened fire upon our lines from artillery placed on the heights on our right. The fire from this point annoyed us very much during the day, it being almost a direct enfilading fire on our second line. In a little time after the artillery in our front had been driven from its position, it was replaced by other, some of the guns of which were of heavier caliber. As soon as they showed themselves our artillery again opened upon them, and from the effect of our shots from the first fire the rebels must have been well assured that our artillerymen knew well at what degree of elevation to operate them. This second attempt of the enemy with their artillery resulted the same as the first-they retired with what they could carry off. Later in the day they again appeared with a showering of artillery and opened upon our lines, but again our batteries drove them from the field as before. These three artillery skirmishes ended the work of the day, except the line of skirmishers, which continued active until late, when the division rested upon its arms.

Early on the morning of the 14th, I relieved the first line (General Neill's) by Colonel Whiting's brigade. Soon after daylight the enemy appeared on nearly the same ground as the day before, with another outfit of artillery, and opened upon our lines in a very spirited manner, but in twenty minutes from the first fire our batteries compelled them to leave the field. This was the last appearance of the enemy's artillery on our front while we held this position. Our skirmish line during the day continued active, and at night again our men rested on their arms.

On the morning of the 15th, at 5 o'clock, the infantry portion of the division was relieved by the division of General Newton, and took a position near the river, in reserve. On the evening of the 15th, the division crossed to the right bank of the Rappahannock. During the three days and nights the division held a position immediately in front of the enemy, the artillery and the skirmish lines only were engaged,

