
the Fifth Vermont and the Fifth Wisconsin Regiments holding the skirmish line during the whole time. Our skirmish line, during the whole time the artillery was not engaged, was constantly active, and portions of the time sharply engaged, and during the whole time our line was gallantly maintained at all points. Each of the four batteries with the division was skillfully and gallantly served during the whole of these engagements; but I will make especial mention of Captain Clark's New York [New Jersey?] battery and Lieutenant Martin's regular battery. For continued accuracy and good effect in firing, I have never seen them excelled. It is with pride and pleasure that I mention the gallant bearing of the infantry lines of the division, while under the enemy's fire. Without being able to fire a shot themselves, they stood unmoved for three days and nights under the direct and enfilading five of the enemy's batteries, and at all times exhibited a discipline and soldiership worthy of veterans of the first class.

My thanks are due to my personal staff, Captain Theodore McGowan, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Edgerton and McPherson, aides-de-camp; Captain Hickman, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania, ordnance officer of the division, and Lieutenant Hoag, acting quartermaster, volunteer aides, for the gallantry and promptness with which they transmitted orders to the different points of the division while we were on the south bank of the river.

I transmit herewith the reports of the brigade commanders in the division, in all of which I concur. A nominal list of the killed and wounded of the division has been previously forwarded.*

I will, at an early date, bring to the notice of the general commanding the corps the names of the officers of the division whose services were such as to deserve special mention.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HOWE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major CHARLES MUNDEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps.

Numbers 257. Report of Brigadier General Calvin E. Pratt, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, Camp on Stafford Heights, Va., December 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor briefly to report the part acted by my brigade in the late battles near Fredericksburg.

On the morning of the 11th instant, we marched from camp, near White Oak Church, to the river, opposite the point where the lower bridges were in process of construction. At this place the brigade was deployed under cover of a slight elevation, and there remained until after dark, when the brigade was marched to the rear about one-half of a mile, and bivouacked for the night.

At daylight on the morning of the 12th instant, we crossed the river and formed the front line of battle upon the plain, on the right bank of the river, and on the left of the First Division of this corps. About 10

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 141.

---------------

