
Artillery.

Major JOHN PELHAM.

Breathed's (Virginia) battery, Captain J. Breathed.

Chew's (Virginia) battery, Captain R. P. Chew.

Hart's (South Carolina) battery, Captain J. F. Hart.

Henry's (Virginia) battery, Captain M. W. Henry.

Moorman's (Virginia) battery, Captain M. N. Moorman.

Numbers 264. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.*

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 11, 1862-12.30 p. m.

At 5 a. m. enemy commenced throwing three bridges across river-one at railroad bridge, one at ford above, and one below mouth of Deep Run. They were soon driven from first two, but at third their guns, sweeping the plain in all directions, have driven back our sharpshooters, and their men cannot be molested; bridge is reported nearly completed; our guns command plains should they cross; no attempt to cross yet General W. E. Jones reports Slocum's whole force left Harper's Ferry yesterday in cars for Washington. Milroy reached Petersburg, Hardy County, W. Va., Sunday night. Forces at New Creek moved down the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and entered Martinsburg at sundown yesterday.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, December 11, 1862.

Enemy, after cannonading Fredericksburg, and demolishing many houses next the river, succeeded in driving back our sharpshooters and occupying Fredericksburg. They crossed also on their bridge below Deep Run about dusk. We hold the hills around the city.

R. E. LEE.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

FREDERICKSBURG, December 12, 1862.

The enemy passing over all of last night and to-day their troops by the different bridges. They are massed under protection of their guns on the north bank of the river, beyond the reach of which they have not yet ventured. They hold Fredericksburg with their pickets. Houses are being continually burned in the town.

R. E. LEE.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*For joint resolution of thanks of Confederate Congress, approved January 8, 1864, to General Robert E. Lee, and to the officers and soldiers under his command, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part II, p. 325.

---------------

35 R R-VOL XXI

