
About 550 prisoners were taken during the engagement, but the full extent of his loss is unknown.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS, December 15, 1862-7.15.

Yesterday was spent by the enemy in caring for his wounded and burying his dead. He retains his position under cover of his guns on the north bank of the Rappahannock.

R. E. LEE,General, Commanding.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.
HEADQUARTERS, December 15, 1862.

No attempt to advance has been made by the enemy to-day. He has been busy collecting his dead and wounded, and this afternoon sent a flag of truce to obtain those within our lines. He commenced this evening to fortify his position. General [George D.] Bayard, U. S. Cavalry, and General [C. Feger] Jackson, of Pennsylvania, were killed on the 13th.

R. E. LEE.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.
HEADQUARTERS, December 16, 1862-10.20.

As far as can be ascertained this stormy morning, the enemy has disappeared in our immediate front, and has recrossed the Rappahannock. I presume he is meditating a passage at some other point.

R. E. LEE,General.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Near Fredericksburg, Va., December 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the army of General Burnside recrossed the Rappahannock last night, leaving a number of his dead and some of his wounded on this side. Our skirmishers again occupy Fredericksburg and the south bank of the river. Large camps and wagon trains are visible on the hills of Stafford, and his heavy guns occupy their former position on that bank. There is nothing to indicate his future purpose. I have sent one brigade of cavalry down the Rappahannock, and have put Jackson's corps in motion in the same direction. I think it probable an attempt will be made to cross at Port Royal. Another brigade of cavalry has been sent up the Rappahannock, with orders, if opportunity offers, to cross and penetrate the enemy's rear and

