
nett. The locality was within easy range of the bridge, and was, of course, more or less under fire from the enemy's lines across the river. Examination soon satisfied the undersigned that the position was unsuitable, because effectually commanded by the enemy's heavy guns, and because much too far in advance of the supporting infantry line. In this view the two attending officers fully concurred, and when the case was submitted to the commanding general, his judgment sanctioned the conclusion reached.

While on this tour the undersigned, satisfied that under existing circumstances it ought to be done, sent an aide to recall Captain Ross with his battery from the post on the river, which he had so long and laboriously held, and had the satisfaction of finding that this only anticipated a direction to the precise effect from the commanding general. The four long-range guns of this battery were assigned position under Major Garnett on the heights near the right of McLaws' division.

Saturday (13th), heavy firing began early, and Patterson's 6-pounder battery, with Ross' short-range section, having been assigned, under Major T. Jefferson Page [jr.], to General Hood's front, the undersigned hastened with Kirkpatrick's and Massie's batteries, under Major Nelson, to the heights near the Telegraph road commanding Marye's Hill, with a view to sweeping that plateau in case it should be ultimately gained by the enemy. The two large guns were then visited by him, that on the right having been committed to the direction of Captain Barnwell, that on the left to the command of Captain [G. W.] Nelson. Directions being left for the management of these, he proceeded to the other batteries along the heights and attended to the best adjustment of all the guns. These duties having been discharged, and the furious fire of the enemy observed for some time, as well as the fog would permit, from the site of the left-hand large gun, the undersigned rode to the left of the line for the purpose of determining whether Lane's heavy guns were likely to be of more service there or elsewhere. Under cover of the fog, he was enabled to pass near the works on Marye's Hill, occupied by the Louisiana Washington Artillery, and those farther to the left, occupied by Maurin's and other batteries, so as to observe that all were ready. Captain Rhett's battery with heavy guns was visited-posted on the heights back of Marye's Hill and near the Plank road, for the purpose also of sweeping that plateau, if possibly gained by the enemy; thence, passing on toward the left, the undersigned observed the several batteries of Alexander's battalion and some of those with Anderson's division, a portion in position behind epaulements, others in reserve under cover of the hills. By the time we reached Lane's battery, on the left, distant objects could be distinguished, and from the concentration of fire there, as well as from the character of the ground and the apparent dispositions of the enemy, it seemed clear to Colonel Alexander, who rode thither with the undersigned, and to himself, that those guns ought not then to be removed from a point of such importance. Contingent provision was, however, made for supplying by pieces of less power the places of the Whitworth and larger rifles in case greater need for these elsewhere should occur. The fog was now disappearing, and firing becoming severe all along the line, so that shells were passing and exploding in considerable numbers about the undersigned and certain members of his staff in the route returning to the central point of observation. Here he remained until some time after dark, watching the struggle near and remote, occasionally directing the fire of the large gun, and from time to time receiving instructions from the commanding general concerning movements of batteries and other arrangements. This large Parrott, having been used some hours with

