
On the 18th, all my batteries were again concentrated in camp.

The second company, Captain [John B.] Richardson's, was, during the engagements, attached to Pickett's division in reserve, and was not engaged. It is my duty, as it is my pleasure, to say in behalf of my officers, cannoneers, and drivers that upon no field during this war have men behaved more gallantly. To Captains [B. F.] Eshleman, [M. B.] Miller, and [C. W.] Squires, and the brave officers and men under them, is the service indebted for the gallant defense of Marye's Hill against the stubborn and overwhelming assaults of an army of over 50,000 men.

To Lieutenant William M. Owen, my adjutant and only aide, I am, as usual, indebted for zealous and fearless conduct on the field in the performance of all his duties.

Before closing this report, I may be permitted, without being invidious, to direct the attention of the general commanding to the gallant conduct of Captain [B. F.] Eshleman in directing, and Lieutenant [Joe] Norcom, fourth company, in executing, the order in taking one of the Napoleon guns from the work, where it was out of range, and placing it between two of the redoubts on the open field, there continuing it in action, entirely exposed to the enemy's infantry and sharpshooters during the greater part of the engagement.

My loss in this engagement is 3 killed and 24 wounded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel of Artillery, Commanding.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Army Corps, Army of Northern, Va.

Numbers 270. Report of Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Alexander, commanding Battalion Reserve Artillery.

DECEMBER 20, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery battalion under my command during the recent hostilities:

At dawn on the 11th instant, on the firing of the signal guns, I moved from camp, and posted Captain Rhett's heavy battery in pits, which he had prepared on the hill south of the Plank road, overlooking the entire country in front and the opposite bank of the river at a distance of 1 1/2 miles. Captain Parker's two rifles were placed in pits which he had built near Stansbury's house, commanding the entire flats in front and the opposite bank of the river. His howitzers were concealed behind Stansbury's house in most admirable positions for opposing any advance of the enemy on the north of the town. These batteries maintained these positions during the whole occupation of the city by the enemy. The batteries of Captains Jordan, Moody, and [Pichegru] Woolfolk, [jr.,] were held, concealed in rear of the plateau back of Stansbury's house, ready to move out upon it at the appearance of the enemy's infantry, or to any other point of our line needing re-enforcements. The cannoneers of Captains Jordan's and Woolfolk's batteries were mean-while employed, concealed by the mist, in making small pits on the most favorable points of the plateau, and eventually finished eight in addition to those already there, which would have cost the enemy

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 572.

---------------

