
one of the enemy's batteries to retire, which had come forward on the right, and was of material assistance in checking the advance of their troops, which were threatening the center. I refer you to the special report of Colonel Cabell in reference to the operations of the artillery.

The country and the army have to mourn the loss of Brigadier General Thomas R. R. Cobb, who fell while in position with his brigade, and was borne from the field while his men were repulsing the first assaults of the enemy. He had but lately been promoted to a brigadier, and his devotion to his duties, his aptitude for the profession of arms, and his control over his men I have never seen surpassed. Our country has lost a pure and able defender of her rights both in the council and the field.

My aide-de-camp, Captain H. L. P. King, was killed on Marye's Hill, pierced with five balls, while conveying an order to Brigadier-General Cobb. He was a brave and accomplished officer and gentleman, and had already distinguished himself during the operations in front of Fredericksburg, as he had done in all the other engagements when on duty.

Lieutenant Thomas S. B. Tucker, my other aide-de-camp, was badly wounded while bearing one of my orders. He has always been noted for his daring and gallantry.

The service of my adjutant-general, Major James M. Goggin, were important and distinguished, as they have been always.

My thanks are due to the other members of my staff, Major [A. H.] McLaws and Major [John F.] Edwards, for their assistance. To Lieutenant Alfred Edwards, ordnance officer, who was active and efficient in supplying ammunition to the troops, and to Lieutenant D. G. Campbell, of the engineers, who had been engaged day and night (frequently all night) in strengthening the different positions, and on all occasions was very devoted and prompt in the discharge of his duties.

Colonel McMillan, of the Twenty-fourth Georgia, who succeeded to the command of the brigade when General Cobb was disabled during the first assaults of the enemy on Marye's Hill, behaved with distinguished gallantry and coolness.

General Barksdale commanded his fine brigade as it should have been commanded, and added new laurels to those gained on every other previous battle-field.

I call attention to the conduct of General Kershaw, who, after the fall of General Cobb, commanded the troops about Marye's Hill, composed of his own brigade and that of General Cobb. He possesses military talents of a high order, and unites with them that self-possession and daring gallantry which endears him to his command, and imposes confidence which but increases as the danger grows more imminent.

My inspector-general, Major [E. L.] Costin, was particularly active and distinguished in leading troops into position and carrying orders frequently under the hottest fire, and for his close attention to all his duties.

The brigade of General Semmes was not actually engaged, but under his supervision the position he commanded was strongly fortified, and his men were well prepared and eager for the fight under his leadership.

Surgeon [John T.] Gilmore, chief surgeon of the division, had his field hospital in readiness, and his arrangements were so complete that there was no detention or unnecessary suffering of the wounded, and those who could not remain in camp were sent at once to the hospitals in Richmond.

