
flank of our troops drawn up behind the stone wall on the Telegraph road, and by a rapid charge to have our troops at the most serious disadvantage. Their advance could not have been effectively checked by the artillery on Marye's Hil, owing to the conformation of the ground. It is due to the brave and skillful officers and cannoneers to say that their cool, well-directed, and most efficient fire not only aided materially in repulsing the direct attack on Marye's Hill, but in preventing the right flank of this position being turned by the enemy. While saying this, however, I wish to give all due praise to the gallant artillery corps who occupied so successfully the crest of Marye's Hill.

I have been thus diffuse in describing the topography of the battle-field, as I think it due to our troops, both infantry and artillery, that the fact should be known that not to the natural strength of our position, but to the skill and generalship of our leaders, and the gallantry, courage, and well-directed aim of our cannoneers and infantry, are we indebted for our most brilliant victory.

Forty-eight guns were placed under my charge during the engagement. Captain Read's battery (three guns) occupied the position immediately to the right of the Telegraph road. Next to this battery one of the 30-pounder Parrott guns (Richmond manufactory) was placed. It was replaced by a Whitworth gun, of Captain Lane's battery. Next on the right and on the hill back of Howison's house, and in the following order, were placed two 6-pounder smooth-bore guns and two 10-pounder Parrotts, under the command of Captain Macon, of the Richmond (Fayette) Artillery. The smooth-bore guns fired only round shot. Next, three pieces (Parrotts) of Captain R. L. Cooper's battery. This battery was withdrawn to another position and replaced by three pieces (one Parrott and two 3-inch rifles) of Captain [J. R.] Branch's battery. Next, two Parrotts of Captain Carlton's battery and one 30-pounder Parrott (Richmond manufactory). This gun was commanded by Lieutenant [W. F.] Anderson, of Captain Ells' battery. Both of the Richmond guns did good service, but exploded during the engagement. Next, one 3-inch rifle, commanded by Lieutenant [Osmond B.] Taylor, of Captain Eubank's battery. Next, one 10-pounder Parrott, commanded by Lieutenant [J. G.] Blount, of Captain Dearing's battery. Next, five pieces, under the command of Major S. P. Hamilton, consisting of two 10-pounder Parrotts, of First Company Richmond Howitzers, Captain [E. S.] McCarthy, and three rifled guns, of Captain Ross' battery. Captain Manly's battery of six pieces had been placed in the rear of Marye's Hill, with a view to fire upon the enemy in case they succeeded in taking that position. This battery occupied a position of danger and responsibility, and their courage and firmness under fire were well exhibited. Of this battery, 2 men were wounded, 1 horse killed, 5 public horses and Captain Manly's horse wounded. Besides these, there were twelve short-range pieces, under command of Major [William] Nelson, two pieces of Captain McCarthy's battery, and three pieces of Captain Carlton's battery. These guns did not fire during the engagement.

In the Yankee accounts of the battle it is stated that about one-fifth of the killed and wounded were from the artillery. When it is recollected that this account takes in the losses on their left, where we used but little artillery, it would seem probable that their proportion of losses from the artillery in the battle in front of Marye's Hill was much greater.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully,

HENRY COALTER CABELL,

Colonel, Chief of Artillery, Major-General McLaws' Division.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

