
Numbers 275. Report of Colonel John D. Kennedy, Second South Carolina Infantry.

DECEMBER 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Between 12 and 1 o'clock on Saturday, the 13th ultimo [instant], Lieutenant [W. M.] Dwight, of General Kershaw's staff, ordered me to take my regiment (the Second) and the Eighth (Captain Stackhouse's) to the support of General Cobb, on the Telegraph road. I moved out left in front, the Eighth following. In rear of the extreme right battery of Colonel Walton's artillery (on Fuller's Hill) I halted the Second Regiment until Captain [E. T.] Stackhouse closed up. I then moved the two regiments into the field to the left of the wood (in which I had halted), fronted, and advanced in line of battle, making the Eighth the battalion of direction, and obliquing to the right, so as to throw the two commands between the two right batteries of the Washington Artillery (Colonel Walton's) on the hill and the Morree [Marye] house. The fire of shell and small-arms was terrific, raking the whole field. The men moved forward in fine style, obeying promptly every command issued. When I arrived at the crest of the hill, I gave the command double-quick, and moved the two regiments to the stone fence on the Telegraph road, and where General Cobb was posted. One volley was fired before reaching it, and that by the Eighth Regiment. The Eighth Regiment supported a portion of General Cobb's brigade to the right, and the Second was disposed as follows: Three companies on the left of the Eighth, one company and the half of another at the small house near the center of General Cobb's line (where General Kershaw made his headquarters), three companies and a half to the left of this house behind a stone wall in rear of the Twenty-fourth Georgia Regiment. Captain [R. C.] Pulliam with his company came up shortly after this disposition of my command, and was sent to a stone fence, where the Phillips Legion, of General Cobb's brigade, was posted to the left of the Twenty-fourth Georgia, and, although later in the action than the rest of my regiment (having failed to hear the order to move out of the trenches), did fine execution. The action continued until after dark. Advance after advance of the foe was repelled. The whole regiment acted with cool daring and high courage; men never did their duty more thoroughly. My position being in the center, I appointed Captain [William] Wallace to superintend the operations of the left wing, and Captain [W. Z.] Leitner the three companies on the right. I gave my attention to the operations of both and of the center. These officers deserve notice for their deliberation, prompt execution of every order, and inspiring voices. Major [F.] Gaillard, commanding Second South Carolina Regiment, was slightly wounded in advancing across the field, I acting as commander of both battalions (Second and Eighth). Shortly after reaching the stone wall, General Kershaw detailed him to convey some order, and in executing the commission he was wounded in the foot and compelled to leave the field. Thus I was deprived of his valuable assistance and the regiment of that gallant bearing which he has exhibited on so many fields.

Of the conduct of Captain Wallace, acting as field officer, I cannot speak too highly. He elicited the highest admiration, and is deserving of special mention. No braver man ever trod the field of battle.

Captain [G. B.] Cuthbert's company had been deployed to the right of the creek early in the morning, and remained until after dark, doing execution on the ranks of the enemy. The exalted courage, enthusiasm,

