
flank movement made in coming to this point, and while waiting for it to close up, Lieutenant Doby, aide-de-camp, came to me, telling me to hurry up, and represented to me that Marye's house was in danger of being possessed by the enemy. Seeing the importance of the point, and thus having my fears for its safety excited, I advanced at once with that portion of my regiment which was formed, and left my adjutant, Lieutenant Y. J. Pope, to bring the other companies forward as soon as they formed. When we reached the neighborhood of Marye's house, a severe fire was opened upon us, but we steadily advanced to the crest of the hill, when my men laid down and opened fire upon the enemy, who were in the flat in our front. By this time their fire was strongly directed against us. The other companies of my regiment came up immediately after we became engaged. I went to the right to see that they were put in proper position, and was shot down by a minie ball entering my left thigh just to the right and above my knee while discharging this duty. At that time I declined to be moved, but continued to direct and encourage the men, who were already doing manfully. I soon saw, however, that we were too much exposed, and that we were contending at disadvantage, owing to the fact that we were engaged at a great distance and the enemy's guns were of superior range. Having been moved back to Marye's house, I sent word to the officer in command to withdrawn far enough to get shelter behind the crest of the hill without retiring too far to deliver and effective fire. Accordingly, Major Maffett, then commanding, withdrew to the road running beside the wire fence in Marye's yard, where, I believe, the regiment held its position and continued its fire until the close of the battle. Afterward I sent directions to the officer commanding to send a detail after ammunition. He did so, and this was my last official communication with the regiment for the day. An account of what subsequently occurred and a list of the casualties in the regiment will, I presume, be furnished by some other officer.

It is my duty and pleasure to testify to the courage and fortitude with which these dangers were met and these fiery trials were endured by my brave comrades so long as they were under my observation.

Several valuable officers were wounded. One, Captain W. W. Hance, who has suffered amputation of his leg, is lost to the service, if he shall not, unfortunately, be lost to his friends.* He was a superior and gallant officer, and his loss is a great one to the regiment.

Captain John C. Summer, a most successful officer; Captain L. Perrin Foster, an efficient, zealous, and conscientious officer, and Lieutenants [James] Hollingsworth and [James C.] Hill, both young lieutenants of promise, were killed.

The three field officers-Captain Todd, senior captain, and Captain Hance, third senior captain present, were wounded, and Captain Summer, second senior captain present, was killed, thus putting the six ranking officers of the regiment hors de combat. Ours is a bloody record, but we trust it is a lightly honorable one.

Very respectfully,

JAMES D. NANCE,

Colonel, Commanding Third South Carolina Regiment.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Died of wounds January 6, 1863.

---------------

