
remaining four companies had previously joined the advancing line, and the ranks made complete. When the line reached the top of the hill, the order "fire" was given, and the effect must have been terrible, as the shots were delivered coolly and with an evident intention to kill.

About this time Colonel J. D. Nance fell, wounded in the thigh. Not long afterward Lieutenant Colonel William D. Rutherford fell, shot through the right side, and not long afterward Major Robert C. Maffett was disabled by a ball through his arm. Here, too, Captain Rutherford P. Todd, who was acting as a field officer, was disabled by a ball [piercing] an artery of the right arm.

Colonel James D. Nance, while lying down, wounded, suggested to Captain William W. Hance, then commanding, that it would be better to move the regiment back a few paces into a road parallel to the line of battle, and leading from the Marye house to a street on our left perpendicular to our line of battle. While occupying this position a vigorous and seemingly well-directed fire was kept up upon the enemy's lines whenever they attempted to advance or exposed themselves. Sharpshooters posted about the Marye house dealt a constant and well-directed fire upon the enemy.

Capts. William W. Hance and John C. Summer both fell while in command of the regiment, the former having his leg badly shattered, the latter killed by a grape-shot through the head. The command then devolved upon myself, being the senior officer present.

About 6 p. m. Lieutenant A. E. Doby, aide-de-camp, delivered an order to move the regiment about 100 yards beyond our position at the Marye house and behind a stone fence, connecting with the left of the position of Phillips' Legion. Soon afterward an order was received through Captain C. R. Holmes, assistant adjutant-general, to throw forward skirmishers covering the line of the regiment. Accordingly, First Lieutenant R. H. Wright, commanding Company E, was sent forward, and as his command drew near some dwelling-houses just in front of the regiment he was fired upon by the enemy's sharpshooters posted in the houses. Under these circumstances, and the further fact that night was upon us, the line of skirmishers was drawn back some considerable distance.

About 7 p. m. Brigadier-General Kemper, with 290 men from his command, by the order of Major-General Ransom, relieved this command of its position in the immediate front, and, by the order of Brigadier General J. B. Kershaw, conveyed through Adjt. Y. J. Pope, the regiment was moved back over the hill occupied by our batteries near the mill on the creek, where the Third South Carolina Battalion, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, was posted, and there remained until the night of the 15th instant, when, under orders received from Brigadier-General Kershaw, the regiment was marched back into its former camp.

I cannot refrain from complimenting the command at the dauntless spirit and bravery displayed throughout by the officers and men. All seemed to realize the call made upon them and none failed to respond. The fire the regiment was called upon to sustain was certainly not surpassed by that of Savage Station, Maryland Heights, or Sharpsburg. The command suffered severely in killed and wounded, as the accompanying list will show. There were 25 killed and 142 wounded; total loss, 167. Carried into action 36 commissioned officers and 364 enlisted men; total strength, 400.

Respectfully,

J. K. G. NANCE,

Captain, Commanding Third South Carolina Regiment.

Captain C. R. HOLMES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

