
Four casualties I beg leave to refer you to report made yesterday. Of the 31 killed and disabled, we lost 28 in reaching our position.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. T. STACKHOUSE,

Captain, Commanding Eighth South Carolina Regiment.

Brigadier General J. B. KERSHAW.

Numbers 280. Report of Colonel W. D. De Saussure, Fifteenth South Carolina Infantry.

DECEMBER 20, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters, I have the honor to report that on Thursday morning, the 11th instant, the Fifteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers moved down to the Bowling Green road to the support of the picket at the Forneybough farm, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Luse, Eighteenth Mississippi, and was formed on his right upon the edge of Deep Run in front of the road, with the Sixteenth Georgia, Colonel Bryan, on the left of Lieutenant-Colonel Luse. The command remained in that position, with three companies thrown forward toward the river as skirmishers, until ordered to retire to the Bowling Green road by General Kershaw late in the day. The regiment remained on picket all night until 5 o'clock Friday morning, when, by order of Major-General McLaws, it resumed its proper position in line.

On Saturday, the 13th, the regiment marched off by the left flank with the rest of the brigade to the support of General Cobb's brigade, under Marye's Hill. Passing to the rear of the batteries, the regiment was halted and lay down in line of battle in rear of the Marye house until, by an order extended through Adjutant-General Holmes, it was marched across the hill under a heavy fire to the rear of the cemetery, as a support to Colonel Walton's batteries. Later in the evening the regiment was marched down to the stone wall on the road below Marye's Hill, to the support of the Second South Carolina Regiment, and there remained until the evacuation of the city of Fredericksburg by the enemy the night of the 15th instant.

The conduct of the officers and privates of the regiment throughout the entire five days, from December 11 to 16, was such as to meet with my unqualified approbation. I would respectfully bring to the notice of the brigadier-general the services of the staff officers actually engaged: Adjt. James M. Davis, for the gallant and prompt execution of all orders extended by him; Surgeon [J. A.] James and Assistant Surgeon [Alfred] Wallace, also he Rev. H. B. McCallum, chaplain of the regiment, for their skillful and assiduous attention to the wounded, and Ordnance Sergt. R. W. Boyd, for his prompt attention to the duties of his department.

The regiment went into action with 27 commissioned officers and 377 enlisted men, and had 2 commissioned officers (Lieutenants [B. P.] Barron and [J. A.] Derrick) wounded, 1 sergeant and 1 private killed, and 52 enlisted men wounded, of which a tabular statement has been heretofore furnished.

Respectfully submitted.

W. D. De SAUSSURE,

Colonel Fifteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain C. R. HOLMES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

