
NOVEMBER 16, 1862.-Affair at United States Ford, Va.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major Otto Harhaus, Second New York Cavalry.

No. 3.-Lieutenant Colonel William Irvine, Tenth New York Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Army.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, November 16, 1862.

GENERAL: The rebel cavalry from Falmouth surprised Captain Peck and his company, who were sent to picket Richards' and United States Fords. A sergeant and 4 men have returned. The captain also escaped. I will arrest him for gross carelessness when he comes in. The river is fordable all along toward Falmouth. Probably some 18 or 20 men were captured, with their arms and everything. I will send you Major Harhaus' report of this if you wish.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

No. 2. Report of Major Otto Harhaus, Second New York Cavalry.

MORRISVILLE, November 16, [1862.]

GENERAL: I have just received information that Captain Peck, of the Tenth New York, with the greater part of his command, has been surprised by the rebel cavalry coming in the direction from Falmouth, and that the captain and about 24 men of his company are missing. This command consisted of 29 men, besides the captain, and only 5 men and 7 horses have returned. The force which attacked them is said to have been at least 100 strong. One of the sergeants who was with Captain Peck is the bearer of this, and will furnish you all the information you may desire.

I have strengthened the pickets at Ellis', Barnett's, and Kemper's Falls Fords since the re-enforcements have arrived, and have picketed the road leading to Falmouth with one company and a half, and picketed also the road leading in the direction of Catlett's Station. Captain Ornder has returned from his scout, and found nothing, but learned that the river was fordable at a good many places, which it would be impossible for us to guard.

While writing this, 1 sergeant and 4 men of Captain Peck's command have arrived, and informed me that the captain would be here to-night.

I have the honor, general, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTTO HARHAUS,

Major, Harris Light Cavalry.

General BAYARD.

