
Numbers 281. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Rice, Third Battalion South Carolina Infantry.

DECEMBER 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On Saturday morning, 13th instant, Third Battalion South Carolina Infantry was ordered by Brigadier-General Kershaw to change position from that first assigned it to the mill on creek south of Fredericksburg, there to guard a gap in railroad embankment, and prevent its passage by the enemy. The order was immediately executed, but the enemy failing to make his appearance at or near the gap, the battalion was not actively engaged in the battle of the 13th instant. This position was held by the battalion until the night of the 16th instant, when it was ordered on picket guard.

On Saturday morning, while marching to the mill, Private A. W. Anderson, Company A, was severely wounded in the head by a shell from the enemy's guns.

On Tuesday, 16th instant, Private J. Wesley Bryant, Company E, was killed by a fragment of shell.

The above report of the whereabouts of the Third Battalion South Carolina Infantry during the battle of the 13th instant is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

W. G. RICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Battalion South Carolina Infantry.

Numbers 282. Report of Colonel J. W. Carter, Thirteenth Mississippi Infantry, Barksdale's brigade.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 28, 1862.

GENERAL: In accordance with your order, I marched my regiment, at about 5 o'clock on the morning of the 11th instant, to the market-house in Fredericksburg, when I was ordered by you to take position on Caroline street, await Lieutenant-Colonel Fiser's orders, send him re-enforcements whenever he called on me to do so, and, should he be unable to hold his position, then, in that event, to withdraw my regiment to the market-house. I accordingly took position on Caroline street, immediately in rear of the position occupied by Lieutenant-Colonel Fiser, and opened communication with him, where I remained until about 4 p. m., under a very heavy and destructive fire from the batteries of the enemy on the opposite side of the river. About 2 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Fiser asked me for 10 men to act as sharpshooters, which I promptly sent him. About 4 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Fiser sent to me for two companies, which I was proceeding with when I met him retiring with his command to the market-house, being unable to hold his position longer. I immediately formed my regiment, and withdrew it to the market-house, when I was ordered by you to form in the next street (toward the river), and engage the enemy. But before I could do so, I ascertained that the enemy occupied the street on which I was ordered to form, and was advancing. I immediately disposed of my regiment on the street which I then occupied (Princess Anne), so as to

