
no disposition on the part of officers or men to move from their position until ordered. Captain Govan and the brave men of his command are deserving of the highest praise. Up to the time he was ordered to leave his position, the enemy had not succeeded in laying a plank. Braver officers and men than Captain Govan and his command cannot be found.

The following is a correct list of the killed and wounded of the right wing: Company A, 1 killed, 2 wounded; Company C, 4 wounded; Company H, 6 killed, 3 wounded; Company F,4 wounded; Company G,2 killed, 5 wounded. Total, 9 killed, 18 wounded, and 3 missing.

I remain, your obedient servant,

D. N. MOODY,

Major Twenty-first Mississippi Volunteers.

Colonel B. G. HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Twenty-first Regiment Mississippi Volunteers.

No. 288. Report of Brigadier General Paul J. Semmes, C. S. Army, commanding Semmes' brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEMMES' BRIGADE, Camp near Fredericksburg, Va., December 22, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report herewith a list of the casualties in my brigade in the battle of Fredericksburg, from the 11th to the 15th instant, inclusive.*

Except when posted in the road at the foot of Marye's Hill, on the 14th and 15th, my brigade was not under from small-arms. It was only exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery, from which it suffered but little.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,PAUL J. SEMMES,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant-General.

No. 289. Report of Colonel Robert McMillan, Twenty-fourth Georgia, commanding Cobb's brigade.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Fredericksburg, Va., December 20, 1862.

I have the honor to report to you the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Fredericksburg.

On the morning of the 11th instant, at 5 o'clock, the brigade was put under arms and in position, and so remained until 7 p.m., when the Eighteenth and Twenty-fourth Georgia Regiments and Phillips' Legion were marched into Fredericksburg by General Cobb, to relieve General Barksdale, and took position on our line of battle in the road along the foot of Marye's Hill, crossing the Telegraph road, by which the enemy advanced-the Legion on the left, Twenty-fourth Georgia in the center, and Eighteenth on the right. The men lay on their arms during the night. Our pickets and scouts took 15 prisoners. Close and heavy skirmishing was kept up during Friday, the 12th, and on that night we again rested on our arms.

---------------

*Embodied in No. 271, p.583.

---------------

