
At day break on the 13th, skirmishing again commenced, accompanied by the enemy's shells. This was kept up continuously until about 11 a.m., when the advance of the enemy drove in our pickets, and his column approached the left of our line by the Telegraph road and deployed toward our right. He had succeeded in planting three stand of colors along our front, and when his column had been deployed about two-thirds of the distance on his line, one well-directed fire had so thinned his ranks that the survivors retreated. General Cobb, whose fall we so much deplore, lived to see this first signal repulse and the bravery of the troops he so well commanded. About twelve or fifteen minutes thereafter, General Cobb fell, mortally wounded, and I took command of the brigade. Soon another column, heavier than the first advanced in our front and moved steadily forward to their colors near our center. As the column approached, I directed the small-arms to cease until the enemy should get nearer. So soon as he got within certain range, our fire mowed down his ranks until they faltered and the survivors retreated. They were met by a strong re-enforcement, and again advanced upon us in heavier force, and this time the slaughter in their ranks was terrific, and we again drove them back. Column after column was brought up during the afternoon, and the battle continued until after dark. In every attack the enemy was repulsed with immense slaughter. During the afternoon a courier informed me that you had sent the Sixteenth Georgia Regiment to the mill to await orders. I sent for that regiment and placed it on our right, to strengthen and protect that point, which it held during the remainder of the engagement.

We rested on our arms that night, and throughout the next day [Sunday, the 14th] a close, heavy, and continuous skirmish fire was kept up. On Sunday night we were relieved by General Semmes.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the cool bravery of both officers and men, and the promptness and cheerfulness with which they obeyed and executed all orders. The heaps of slain in our front tell best how well they acted their part. Annexed is a list* of killed and wounded.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ROBERT McMILLIAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 290. Report of Major General Richard H. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding Anderson's division.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S DIVISION, Near Fredericksburg, Va., January 3, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the battle of Fredericksburg:

Upon the signal being given on the morning of December 11, the troops were placed rapidly in position in rear of the line of field-works and batteries extending from Hazel Run, on the right, to the water-works dam, on the left, in the following order: Featherston's, Perry's, Mahone's, Wright's, and Wilcox's brigades.

In the afternoon of the 11th, Ransom's division having been placed between Hazel Run and the Plank road, Featherston's brigade was moved to the left of that road. About dark, General [Robert] Ransom, jr.,
---------------

*Not found; but see pp.558,584.

---------------

