
CAVALRY BRIGADE.

[1.] Brigadier General GEORGE D. BAYARD.*

[2.] Colonel DAVID McM. GREGG.

District of Columbia, Independent Company, Lieutenant William H. Orton.

1st Maine, Lieutenant Colonel Calvin S. Douty.

1st New Jersey, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Karge.

2nd New York, Major Henry E. Davies.

10th New York, Lieutenant Colonel William Irvine.

1st Pennsylvania, Colonel Owen Jones.

Artillery.

3rd United States, Battery C, Captain Horatio G. Gibson.

No. 3. Reports of Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac,

of operations November 9, 1862-January 25, 1863, and congratulatory message from the President.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 9, 1862-4.05 a.m.

In accordance with your directions, I send you copies of orders issued, which I hope will be satisfactory. I will send you a more definite dispatch after my interview with the commanders of grand divisions to-day. Our movements have been very much embarrassed by the cold weather, but we still hope for success. The gunboats will not be able to assist us, in consequence of the ice in the river; in fact, it is feared that they may now be frozen in at a point some 30 miles below here. The harbor at Belle Plain was frozen over this morning. The men suffer very much from the cold, but the sick list is not very largely increasing. I hope to make the attempt to cross on Thursday morning at daybreak, with chances of success in our favor.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 9, 1862-3.a.m.

Major General GEORGE W. MORELL,Commanding Defenses of the Upper Potomac, Hagerstown, Md.:

You will at once take steps to relieve the entire corps of General Slocum from duty on the Upper Potomac, with the exception of the detachments manning the permanent guns at Harper's Ferry. Accompanying this is a dispatch to General Slocum, giving the details of the change. It may be well to place General Kenly at Harper's Ferry, and to throw General Milroy or General Kelley at Martinsburg or farther down. Your definite instructions as to the latter movement will be given after I have communicated more fully with the General-in-Chief.

It is desirable that General Slocum should move at once, reaching

---------------

*Killed.

---------------

