
enemy's artillery, and none by the musket, it would seem to be almost incredible that the loss should have been so inconsiderable; for, from a point near a mile above Falmouth, on a commanding height, there was a six-gun battery of rifle pieces that enfiladed my line. Lower down and nearer, on the slope of this hill, was a second battery that had the same fire upon them; and yet nearer and immediately on ;the banks of the river, and to the right of the two batteries above referred to, was another; and then again, on a very commanding hill in rear of Falmouth; and then again, on a very commanding hill in rear of Falmouth, near the house of Miss Scott, was a battery of more than twenty pieces that bore upon us, and these of the heaviest rifle pieces; and down the river were one or two other batteries that could throw shot and shell far beyond our line. In these batteries there could not have been less than fifty pieces that bore upon us.

The night of the 13th, we were under arms like the two previous nights, strong pickets being in our front. During the night our pickets were heard to fire frequently in the direction of Fredericksburg.

The morning of the 14th was foggy, and when it had been scattered by the rising sun nothing was seen of the enemy in our front save his distant line of cavalry vedettes, as usual. The 14th passed off quietly-some few artillery shots during the day, and at intervals a little firing between the pickets.

The night of the 14th and the day of the 15th passed off with little or no firing. The night of the 15th was dark, windy, and rainy, and the morning of the 16th foggy. When the fog disappeared it revealed the fact that the enemy had recrossed the river, nothing remaining on this side but a few of the wounded, the unburied dead, and a few of the infantry pickets whom they had failed to relieve. These delivered themselves up to my command as prisoners.

My command now returned to their camp, having been under arms since the morning of the 11th.

The lists of casualties having been previously forwarded, it will suffice in this report to state that the loss in my command was 15 killed and wounded. Of this number 3 were killed.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. WILCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 292. Report of Captain John W. Lewis, commanding Lewis' Light Artillery.

DECEMBER 18, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the battle fought before Fredericksburg:

I was placed in position on the hill immediately opposite the ford between Falmouth and Fredericksburg on the night of November 23, and commenced throwing up earthworks to protect the guns and cannoneers, which was completed before the enemy attempted to cross the river.

On Thursday morning, December 11, after the signal guns were fired,

---------------

*See Report No. 265, p.559.

---------------

