
we were at our guns ready for action, and there remained without firing a gun until late in the evening, when I saw a column of infantry [about two regiments] advancing to cross the upper pontoon bridge, when I gave the command to commence firing. We fired rapidly for a short time, driving the second regiment back behind Lacy's house. A little later in the day we fired at some cavalry and artillery, which soon withdrew from sight. I could have fired much more, but my orders were very strict about wasting ammunition, and only fired when certain of doing them damage. We slept at our guns that night.

On Friday, the 12th instant, we were engaged at various times in firing at batteries in crossing the river. About 2 p.m. a column of infantry [about a brigade] came in sight. I opened on them immediately, throwing shell in the head of their column, scattering them and doing them much damage, causing them to change their course and move back around Lacy's house. When we ceased firing, three ambulances came after the wounded. I could with a glass see many dead lying on the field after the ambulances had carried off the wounded. Later in the day I fired at some cavalry crossing the river at the ford. Again their ambulances were called into use.

On Saturday, I fired on infantry, cavalry, and artillery whenever they came within easy range; with what effect I could not tell.

On Sunday, I only fired a few shots at cavalry. Up to Sunday night we fired about 400 rounds, at which time I was relieved by a battery of smooth-bore guns,f and moved back to the position formerly occupied by Captain [Pichegru] Woolfolk's battery, since which time we have remained quiet.

I am happy to state that, although subjected to an enfilading fire of more than twenty-guns [and some of them their heaviest], our works, though frequently struck, were so strong that none passed through, but several passed over the top and through the embrasure into the pits. I lost none killed and only 2 wounded-Privates [N.] Hughes on leg, slightly, [A. R.] Hailey, in head, from concussion; 1 horse slightly wounded. I think we could have done them much more damage but for defectiveness of ammunition, causing us to lay aside all former experience of artillerists.

I have, general, the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. W. LEWIS,

Captain, Commanding Lewis' Light Artillery.

Brigadier-General WILCOX,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 293. Report of Brigadier General William Mahone, C. S. Army, commanding Mahone's brigade.

HDQRS. MAHONE'S BRIGADE, ANDERSON'S DIVISION, December 21, 1862.

MAJOR: In response to the call from division headquarters, I beg to present the following statement of the operations of this brigade in the late bombardment and battle of Fredericksburg:

Promptly after the signal of alarm. Thursday, the 11th instant, the brigade was placed in the position assigned it by the division commander-immediately in rear of the line of battle selected, in the event

