
of any attack upon our own front. For the most part the brigade continued under arms in this position during the period of the fight, and, in fact, until Tuesday, the 16th instant, when the enemy evacuated Fredericksburg and recrossed the Rappahannock.

In the mean time, however, it always had a regiment, and sometimes two, in advance of the batteries on the front, which were exposed to the enemy's artillery fire, and which, though active, and especially on Saturday and Sunday, occasioned but 8 casualties in the brigade.

It may not be amiss to add that much work in the erection of batteries and rifle-pits was performed by the troops of the brigade during the four days of the battle. Among these works may be mentioned the one as of special advantage in dislodging the enemy from behind the hills on the right of the Plank road.

I am, major, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. MAHONE,

Brigadier-General.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Anderson's Division.

No. 294. Report of Brigadier General W. S. Featherston, C. S. Army, commanding Featherston's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FEATHERSTON'S BRIGADE, December 22, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle before Fredericksburg:

About 5 a.m. on Thursday, the 11th instant, at the firing of the signal to the line of battle previously designated for Major-General Anderson's division, in front and to the left of Fredericksburg.

My brigade formed the right of Anderson's division, and was posted on Thursday morning between the Plank road and Hazel Run, in front of the town, and some distance in rear of the Washington Artillery. Here we remained during that day and night, protected from the artillery fire of the enemy by a continuous range of hills in our front.

On Friday morning, my brigade was moved to the left of the Plank road, and our first position, between the Plank road and Hazel Run, occupied by General Ransom's division. During Friday and Friday night we remained in position on the left of the Plank road, about the same distance in rear of our batteries, where we were protected by the same continuous range of hills from the enemy's artillery fire.

About 10 a.m. on Saturday, we were ordered to advance in line of battle farther to the front, and halted about 100 yards in rear of our batteries, on the left of the Plank road, extending our line of battle up the river in the direction of the Taylor house. Here we remained during the day, subjected to a very heavy converging fire from the enemy's artillery immediately in our front and extending up the river to our left. My men were kept lying down during the day in an old road, protecting them as much as possible. The enemy's batteries immediately in front where numerous and skillfully served. Their batteries on our left completely enfiladed our position, which they did not fail to see, and of which they took every advantage to avail themselves.

