
and of waiting under the enemy's guns for any emergency which might require their services.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, [Anderson's] Division.

No. 296. Report of Brigadier General E. A. Perry, C. S. Army, commanding Perry's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS PERRY'S BRIGADE, December 18, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose to you the reports of commanders of the Donaldsonville Artillery battery and the Eighth Florida Regiment, the only portions of my brigade actively engaged in the recent battle on the Rappahannock River.

The Eighth Florida Regiment having been detailed for picket duty, and placed temporarily under command of Brigadier-General Barksdale, commanding the picket forces at Fredericksburg, I am unable to give additional information to that contained in Captain Lang's report, to which I call your attention. I addressed a note to Brigadier-General Barksdale relative to three companies of this regiment, which were detached from the regiment by General Barksdale and assigned to a position apart from the regiment. General Barksdale replied that they were probably taken prisoners by the enemy. I have been able to obtain no further information upon the subject.

I respectfully call to the attention of the general the gallant conduct of the Donaldsonville Battery throughout the entire engagement. Both officers and men stood bravely and faithfully at their posts, and, while exposed to an unusually heavy fire, the guns were handled with masterly skill and with great effect.

The loss in the brigade is 94 killed, wounded, and missing. Of this number, 8 were killed, 43 wounded, and 43 missing. Of these, the Eighth Florida Regiment lost 7 killed, 37 wounded, and 43 missing; the Fifth Florida Regiment, 1 wounded; the battery, 1 killed and 5 wounded.

I have the honor, major, to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,E. A. PERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major THOMAS S. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 297. Report of Captain David Lang, Eighth Florida Infantry.

DECEMBER 16, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in conformity with orders, I moved my command on the night of the 8th instant above Fredericksburg,

