
the night of the 11th. You should carry from five to six days' of bread and small rations in your wagons, driving a good supply of beef cattle, and carrying three days' rations in haversacks. Should any small portion of your command be detached from you, you will nevertheless commence the movement at once, and order it to follow you. It does not seem necessary that the garrison which is to replace you at Harper's Ferry should arrive there before your departure, as there is no enemy near that place. The detachments manning the permanent batteries must not be disturbed.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

[Copy sent to Generals Halleck, Sigel, and Morell.]

[Inclosure No. 4.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 9, 1862-5 a.m.

MEMORANDUM ORDERS.

The three commanders of grand divisions will report at these headquarters at 12 o'clock to-day. In the mean time they will give the necessary orders to enable them to place their commands in position at daybreak on the morning of the 11 instant at such points as may be indicated by verbal instructions from the general commanding, not to exceed 8 miles from their present positions. The officers and men should be provided with three days' cooked rations. Forty rounds of ammunition must be carried in cartridge-boxes, and 20 rounds in pockets. The ammunition wagons and batteries will be supplied with at least three days' forage. Definite verbal instructions will be given as to the disposition to be made of the other trains of the command. The chief of artillery will detail such batteries as may be necessary to protect the crossing of the river, and, if the crossing is successful, the batteries will join their proper columns, if necessary. Definite verbal instructions will be given as to the dispositions of the cavalry of the different grand divisions.

By command of Major General A. E. Burnside:

JNO. G. PARKE,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 9, 1862-10.15 a.m.

GENERAL: You will notice that my orders of last night differed from the plan sent you before, in moving General Slocum by way of Centreville instead of Warrenton. I mad this change because it seems to be the shortest way to join the rear of this army, where it will he used for keeping open communication, and because of the danger of his column being caught by bad weather on the road, short of supplies. On the present route he will all the time be where he can supply himself from some of the depots in Maryland or Washington, or by the railroad.

Soon after 12 o'clock to-day I will send a messenger to you with definite plan of operations.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington.

