
behind the fence, and the Forty-eighth and Fifteenth on the top of the hill all day. Six different times during the day did the enemy advance his heavily re-enforced columns, and each time was driven back with immense loss. The action ceased at night, when the brigade was withdrawn, and resumed the position they occupied previous to the action. I regret to have to state that our brave commander was severely wounded early in the action.

It gives me great pleasure to state that, without exception, the conduct of the different regiments composing the brigade was deserving of the most unqualified approbation.

No engagement having taken place the next day, the commanders of the different regiments were ordered to intrench themselves that night, and before day each had opened ditches sufficient to cover their whole commands; and the night after two additional works were completed sufficient for two more regiments.

On Sunday morning, the brigade was relieved by General Jenkins, and ordered back to camp.

I regret to say the loss of the brigade was heavy. A correct list* of casualties will be handed in.

I have the honor to be,

E. D. HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Cooke's Brigade.

Captain THOMAS ROWLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 303. Report of Lieutenant General Thomas J. Jackson, C. S. Army,commanding Second Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to submit to you a report of the operations of my corps in the battle of Fredericksburg on Saturday, December 13, last.

In pursuance to orders, Major General A. P. Hill moved his division at dawn on the morning of the 12th from his encampment, near Yerby's, and relieved Major-General Hood, then posted near Hamilton's Crossing. At the same time Brigadier-General [William B.] Taliaferro, then in command of Jackson's division, moved from his encampment above Guiney's Depot, and took position in rear of Major General A. P. Hill.

Early on the morning of the 13th, Ewell's division, under command of Brigadier General J. A. Early, and Major General D. H. Hill, with his division, arrived, after a severe night's march, from their respective encampments in the vicinity of Buckner's Neck and Port Royal, the troops of Major General D. H. Hill, being from 15 to 18 miles distant from the point to which they were ordered.

On the morning of that day the troops were arranged as follows:

Major General A. P. Hill occupied the front line, formed of two regiments of Field's brigade, commanded by Colonel [J. M.] Brockenbrough, and the brigades of Archer, Lane, and Pender [posted from right to left in the order named], his right resting on the road leading from Hamilton's

---------------

*Not found; but see Report No. 265, p.559.

---------------

