
Crossing to the Port Royal road, and his left extending to within a short distance of Deep Run. These troops were partially concealed by the wood, near the edge of which they were posted. The remainder of Brockenbrough's command, consisting of the Fortieth and Fifty-fifth Virginia, was immediately in rear of Walker's batteries, and acting as a support to them. Of the other two brigades, Gregg's and Thomas', of the same division, the first was in rear of the interval between Archer and Lane, and the second in rear of the interval between Lane and Pender. The divisions under Generals Early and Taliaferro formed the second line, Early being on the right. The division of Major General D. H. Hill, which was still farther in rear, constituted the reserve. Upon the eminence immediately to the right, Lieutenant-Colonel [R. L.] Walker, [Major General A. P. Hill's chief of artillery] had in position fourteen guns, composed of the batteries of Pegram and McIntosh, with sections from the batteries of Crenshaw, Latham, and Johnson, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenants [J.] Ellett, [J. R.] Potts, and [Valentine J.] Clutter. On the left of the line, and near the Bernard cabins, were posted twenty-one guns, of the batteries of Captains Davidson, Raine, Caskie, and Braxton, all under the immediate direction of Captain Davidson. To the right and some 200 yards in front of these, and beyond the railroad, were posted twelve guns, from the batteries of Captains Carpenter, Wooding, and Braxton, under the direction of Captain Brockenbrough, General Taliaferro's chief of artillery; Carpenter's battery commanded by Lieutenant [George] McKendree, and Braxton's by Lieutenant [Edward A.] Marye. On my left was Major-General [John B.] Hood, of Longstreet's corps, and on my right and front the cavalry, under command of Major-General [J. E. B.] Stuart, with a battery near the Port Royal road, under the direction of Major [John] Pelham, of the Stuart Horse Artillery, aided in the course of the day by sections from the batteries of Captain [William T.] Poague, Lieutenant [Archibald] Graham commanding; Capts. David Watson, B. H. Smith, jr., [A. W.] Garber, [Willis J.] Dance, and the Louisiana Guards, of my corps, thrown into position so as to cross their fire with the guns of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, and designed to check the advance of the enemy in that direction.

About 10 o'clock of battle, were distinctly visible in the plain between us and the river, covering my front and extending far to the left toward Fredericksburg. The force in front of me I supposed to number about 55,000. Pelham, with part of the Stuart Horse Artillery, was soon engaged with the artillery of the enemy, and a brisk and animated contest was kept up for about an hour. Soon after Pelhan, in obedience to orders, had withdrawn from his position on the Port Royal road, the enemy directed his artillery on the heights, held by Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, and upon the wood generally occupied by our troops, evidently with a view of causing us to disclose whatever troops or artillery were there. Not eliciting but little resistance to an effort to obtain possession of this hill. Accordingly, about 11 o'clock, he advanced by the flank parallel to the Port Royal road nearly to the road running from thence to Hamilton's Crossing, now unimpeded in his march, as Pelham was withdrawn. Facing to the front, he advanced in line of battle across the plain, straight upon the position occupied by Walker. His batteries reserved their fire until the enemy's lines came within less than 800 yards, when the fourteen guns opened, pouring such a storm of shot and shell into his ranks as to cause him first to halt, then to waver, and at last seek shelter by flight.

