
the charge, and taking a large number of prisoners. Nor did they stop there, but, impelled by an ardor which reflects the highest credit on their courage and patriotism, this comparatively small force pressed the discomfited foe in hot pursuit until they appeared so far within range of his artillery, and the fire of a large force of his infantry, as to make further pursuit an act of rashness.

In this gallant charge, Colonel Atkinson was severely wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy. Captain E. P. Lawton, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, though injured during the advance by the fall of his horse, continued to press forward on foot, heroically encouraging the brigade, until he fell mortally wounded.

During the day some of the guns under Lieutenant-Colonel Walker becoming short of men and ammunition, and otherwise disabled from further service, were relieved by Captain Poague's battery with two 20-pounder Parrotts. These two pieces actively engaged the enemy's artillery and afterward opened on the infantry. The exact range of the hill having been accurately obtained by much previous firing, the loss at this point was heavy. It is due to Captain Poague here to state that when late on the evening previous he received orders to move his battery, he was distant some 16 miles from the battle-field, and the promptitude, with which he responded to the order by a fatiguing night's march is worthy of notice. Some guns of Major General D. H. Hill's division were put in at this time on our right, under the direction of his chief of artillery, Major T. H. Carter, which were all well served. Later in the evening, Lieutenant-Colonel [L. M.] Coleman brought up two howitzers from Captain [Willis J.] Dance's battery and placed them on the left of Captain Poague's guns. About this time Lieutenant-Colonel Coleman was severely wounded. On the extreme right, beyond the Massaponax, was a Whitworth gun under the command of Captain Hardaway, of Major General D. H. Hill's division, which was well served.

On the extreme left, the day did not pass without some incidents worthy of notice. Early in the day the enemy opened upon the left with sixteen guns, afterward increased to twenty-four. The officers in command obeyed their orders, and, reserving their fire, the enemy advanced his skirmishers in heavy line upon the points occupied by the commands of Captains Davidson and Brockenbrough. They were soon driven off by canister; but the position of these batteries being thus disclosed to the enemy, a heavy artillery fire was directed upon them, which was replied to with animation and spirit. The ammunition of Captain [C. I.] Raine's battery proving defective, it was withdrawn, and Captain [J. W.] Latimer, acting chief of artillery of Ewell's division, was ordered to take a position still farther to the front and left. These last pieces were admirably served, and, though suffering severely from skirmishers and sharpshooters, drove them back, and by the accuracy and rapidity of their fire inflicted a severe loss upon the enemy. As the Federal infantry pressed forward upon our front, it was deemed advisable to withdraw the batteries of Captain Brockenbrough placed in advance of the railroad, before the enemy should seize the point of woods to their right and rear, which they a short time afterward penetrated, the withdrawal of the batteries being covered by Lieutenant-Colonel [J. L.] Hill, of the Seventh North Carolina. The brigade of General Pender was immediately without any protection from the enemy's artillery; and thus, notwithstanding the efficacy of the batteries acting in conjunction with Major [Chris. C.] Cole, of the Twenty-second North Carolina, in dispersing

