
center, and the other, with its front parallel to the road from Hamilton's Crossing, to the river road. When distant about 800 yards, Lieutenant-Colonel Walker's batteries opened upon them with great effect, and at the same time fifteen guns-composed of sections from the batteries of Captain Poague [Lieutenant A. Graham, commanding] Watson, Smith, Garber, one gun of Captain Dance's battery, and the Louisiana Guards Battery [three guns]-were thrown into position into the plain to our right, so as to cross their fire with that of the guns of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, being specially designed to check the advance of the enemy toward the road from Hamilton's Crossing to the river road. These pieces were under the immediate command of Major [John] Pelham, and were admirably managed and bravely fought, and perfectly accomplished their object. All these batteries did not go in at once, but were added as the weight of the enemy's fire seemed to require it.

Toward the close of the day, as the enemy's infantry, driven from the woods by our own, fell back in confusion across the plain under the severe and accurate fire of the guns of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker and Major Pelham, some of the batteries of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker's command being short of ammunition and the men exhausted from working with diminished numbers, were relieved by a section of [Captain John A. M.] Lusk's battery [Lieutenant [William K.] Donald commanding], and a portion of the corps reserve, under Colonel J. Thompson Brown. I shall have to refer you to this officer's report as to what batteries they were, as I knew but one of them-Captain Poague's. They went in under a heavy fire, and, though suffering much, were bravely fought. Some guns of Major General D. H. Hill's division artillery were put in at this time on our right by his chief of artillery, Major Thomas H. Carter. As these batteries were unknown to me through their officers, I shall have to refer you to that officer's report as to which they were. They moved up with the rest under heavy fire, and were well served.

It would, perhaps, be invidious to attempt to discriminate among officers and men where there were so many fine examples of courage, and devotion; and I fear I may already have done injustice in mentioning some to the exclusion of others officers will set it all right.

I beg, however, to call your special attention to the valuable and gallant services of Lieutenant-Colonel Walker and Major Pelham. The position in which Colonel Walker was placed was peculiarly trying, from his being required to endure for a long time a very heavy fire without replying to it.

Colonel J. Thompson Brown, commanding the corps reserve, also displayed noticeable coolness and judgment in taking his guns in to relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, under a severe fire.

We lost no pieces nor did we capture any. Lieutenant Plater had a gun disabled and a limber exploded. Lieutenant-Colonel Walker had a gun disabled and a caisson and limber exploded, and Colonel Brown a gun disabled, as also did the Louisiana Guards Battery. No carriages or parts of carriages were lost by us. The disabled guns were, of course, brought off.

The loss in horses, and the nature of the ground, together with the position of the enemy's batteries, and their number, effectively prevented any advance of our batteries as their infantry fell back, and before fresh batteries could get in, their line was reformed near the river road, and it was nearly night.

I cannot close this report without calling your attention to the great

