
I respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports of commanding officers of brigades.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General, Commanding Light Division.

Captain A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson's Corps.

No. 309. Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Walker, commanding Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, December 21, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the artillery corps of the Light Division in the engagement of Saturday, the 13th instant:

The batteries of Captains McIntosh and Pegram, with a section of the batteries of Captains Latham, [M.] Johnson, and [W. G.] Crenshaw, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenant [J. R.] Potts, [V. J.] Clutter, and James Ellett, numbering altogether fourteen guns, had position on the heights, near the railroad, supported by the brigades of Brigadier-General [C. W.] Field [Colonel [J. M.] Brockenbrough commanding] and Brigadier-General [J. J.] Archer.

Captains Braxton [Lieutenant[E. A.] Marye, commanding Braxton's battery] and Davidson, with five and four guns, respectively, took position on the left wing of the Light Division, in the plain just to the right of Deep Run Creek, and were supported by the brigades of Brigadier-Generals Pender and Lane.

About 10 a.m. the enemy began a desultory fire from several batteries, as if feeling our position. Their fire, about 11 a.m., became hot and well directed, causing us some loss in men and horses. Captain McIntosh, commanding his own guns and the sections of Captains Latham and Johnson, and Captain Pegram, commanding his own guns and the section of Crenshaw, were directed to withhold their fire until there should be an infantry demonstration.

The enemy, weary of suspense, about 12 m. formed a front to attack the heights. Their advance, made by a division, apparently, was speedily broken and driven back by Captains McIntosh's and Pegram's murderous fire, the enemy opening upon them meanwhile very destructively with at least twenty-five guns. This attempt having failed, the enemy concentrated in mass, and, in enormous forces, moved forward rapidly, protected by a fearful fire from all their guns, toward the point of woods in the plain in defiance of our guns, which were served rapidly and with great havoc upon their dense ranks. In advancing to, and being routed by, the infantry from the woods, they suffered heavy loss from the fire of our guns. While the attention of our guns was devoted to their infantry, their artillery caused us heavy loss, but, as soon as engaged by our guns, their shot flew wide, though in weight of metal they much exceeded us.

At 3.30 p.m., Captains McIntosh and Pegram becoming short of men and ammunition, and having one gun disabled, a caisson and limber exploded, they were relieved by the corps of Colonel [J. T.] Brown, except one section of Captain Pegram's battery, which remained till nightfall.

