
Here were lost Lieuts. James Ellett and Z. C. McGruder, whose memory we should not willingly let die. Lieutenant Clutter was wounded also, and many brave men of the rank and file, gallantly doing their duty, were wounded and killed.*

On the left of the Light Division Lieutenant Marye and Captain Davidson, with their commands, fully sustained their high reputation. Three charges were made upon their position, and gallantly repulsed with canister. Outnumbered in weight of metal, and often closely approached by the enemy's infantry, they as often sent them back with canister and shrapnel, and held their position until it was deemed expedient to abandon it. Captain Braxton was withdrawn at 3 p.m. and Captain Davidson at nightfall. Lieutenant [T. A.] Brander, of the latter battery, was slightly wounded. The guns upon both flanks were served with the coolness of a parade, though exposed to a fire which seemed to fill the air with destruction.

Where all did their duty as well as, I am proud to say, the artillery of the Light Division did theirs in this engagement, comparison would be invidious. Men and officers vied with each other in their devotion to duty and regardlessness of self.

I cannot, however, neglect this opportunity to call your especial attention to Lieutenant J. H. Chamberlayne as particularly deserving notice for his gallant conduct. His services are almost indispensable.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Artillery of Light Division.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 310. Report of Colonel J. M. Brockenbrough, Fortieth Virginia Infantry, commanding First [Field's] Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIELD'S BRIGADE, December 21, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of this brigade in the late battle near Fredericksburg.

Stationed upon the extreme right of our division, we remained in this position until the concentrated forces of the enemy passed through a gap in and reached the rear of our lines. There being no enemy in our immediate front, and re-enforcements being called for, I withdrew my command from its first position and hurried as rapidly as possible to the point indicated.

We moved up by the left flank, and so urgent and repeated were the calls for re-enforcements that my two leading regiments, viz, Forty-seventh Virginia, Colonel [R. M.] Mayo, and the Twenty-second Battalion, [Lieutenant-] Colonel [E. P.] Tayloe, the only regiments actively engaged, advanced in a run; separated themselves from the brigade, passed well to the left, and encountered the enemy in rear of our front lines about midway between Generals Archer and Lane. Firing one volley into their left flank and charging them with a yell, they fled precipitately to the shelter of the railroad cut. Here they rallied and made a short

---------------

*See Report No. 265, p.560.

---------------

