
us of about 600 yards. I also informed General Gregg of this opening, his command, which was to have been my support, being on the military road opposite this opening and some 500 or 600 yards from the railroad. I subsequently met General A. P. Hill and spoke to him of our relative positions.

Nothing of interest occurred on Friday and Friday night.

Saturday morning I ordered the Seventh and Eighteenth Regiments beyond the railroad, to support three batteries which had been placed on a hill immediately in their front. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill at once approached the captain of one of these batteries, told him he would insure its safety against any attempt on the part of the enemy to capture it, and that he must let him know when he wished him to move to the front. As soon as the fog lifted, heavy skirmishing commenced along my whole line, and the enemy were seen advancing. Our skirmishers, with the exception of Captain [J. McLeod] Turner's company, on the left, fell back. The batteries just alluded to then opened with telling effect and checked their advance. During this firing Captain Turner withdrew his company, as his men were suffering, and rejoined his regiment. Several pieces of artillery, after firing a few rounds, hurried from the field, saying they were choked. On intimation from one of the captains of the batteries, Lieutenant-Colonel Hill promptly moved his regiment to the crest of the hill in front of the artillery, and delivered a volley at the sharpshooters, who were in range, the artillery all limbering up and driving to the rear. The Seventh and Eighteenth both suffered from the enemy's artillery fire, and at times from their sharpshooters.

About two hours later the enemy advanced in strong force across the open field to the right of my front. Colonel Barbour, his regiment being on the right, informed me, through Adjutant [David W.] Oates, of the advance, and wished to know what he must do should he be flanked. On being ordered to hold his position as long as possible, he deflected his three right companies, and formed them to the rear, at right angles to the track. I at once sent my courier, Mr. Shepperd, to inform General A. P. Hill that the enemy were advancing in force upon the opening, Captain [F. T.] Hawks having been previously sent to apprise him that their skirmishers were in front of the same. Eight regiments were seen to pass to my right, and another to move by the right flank by file left, between the small body of woods and the fence beyond the track. This last regiment then faced by the rear rank, and opened fire upon my right. The three right companies of the Thirty-seventh became hotly engaged, and General Gregg's command was soon after encountered on the military road. Although our right was turned by such a large force, our position was deemed too important to be give up without a blow, and nobly did both officers and men await the approach of another large force along our entire front. As this force was concealed from the Thirty-third, Eighteenth, and Seventh Regiments by the hill about 40 yards beyond the track, they were cautioned to reserve their fire. The Twenty eight and Thirty-seventh, however, had open, level ground in their front, and when the enemy had gotten within 150 yards of our line they opened a terrific and deadly fire upon them, repulsing their first and second lines and checking the third. These two regiments were subjected not only to a direct, but to right and left oblique fires, that portion of the enemy's force behind the hill nearest the Twenty-eighth firing upon them. As soon as the right of my command became engaged with such and overwhelming force, I dispatched Captain Hawks to General Gregg for re-enforcements, with instructions, if he

