
shelling their lines of infantry formed and advanced rapidly to the attack. When they had arrived near enough, I perceived them massing in front of and entering the point of wood which I have before mentioned as projecting on my left beyond the railroad, and immediately sent my ordnance officer, Lieutenant [George] Lemmon, to warn General [M.] Gregg that it was time for him to move forward into the interval between Lane's and my brigade to prevent my being flanked. Shortly after, fearing that General Gregg might be too late, I drew out the right battalion [Fifth Alabama] and ordered it to the left. When the enemy in my front arrived near the railroad, my brigade opened a rapid and destructive fire upon them which soon checked their career and forced them to retire and take shelter in the railroad track, from which they kept up a desultory fire upon our line.

In the mean time the columns which had entered the point of wood on my left succeeded in passing round my flank, and attacked the Nineteenth Georgia and Fourteenth Tennessee in rear and flank. These regiments were compelled to retire, leaving about 160 prisoners in the enemy's hands. The greater part of the Seventh Tennessee, also seeing the regiments on their left give way and hearing the cry that the enemy was in their rear, left the trenches in disorder. The First Tennessee, together with Lieutenants [F. A.] Timberlake, [O. H.] Foster, [B.] Wilmouth, and [William T.] Baird, of the Seventh Tennessee, and a portion of the latter regiment, held its ground gallantly, and, after its ammunition was exhausted, charged under Lieutenant-Colonel [N. J.] George, [Colonel [Peter] Turney having been severely wounded early in the action], across the railroad track with Colonel [R. F.] Hoke's brigade, of Early's division, and returned to its original position when the charge was over. The Fifth Alabama Battalion, which I had sent from the right to aid in opposing the enemy on the left, discharged their duty faithfully, first under Major [A. S.] Van de Graaff, and, after he was wounded, under Captain [S. D.] Stewart. After sending Lieutenant [George] Lemmon, I also sent my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant [O. H.] Thomas, to explain the urgency of the case to General Gregg, and to bring down another brigade in support of my front, which, although not then pressed in front, had nearly exhausted its ammunition.

General Gregg's and Lawton's brigades and the Fifth Alabama Battalion drove back the enemy, who had passed my flank, and Colonel Hoke, in command of Trimble's brigade, came down to the edge of the wood [my original position], which I still maintained with the right of my brigade, but with empty rifles and cartridge-boxes. The whole line then charged over the field beyond the railroad. When it returned to the edge of the wood, I drew back my troops about 30 yards, reformed my brigade, and remained in support of the front line-Hoke's brigade-which had relieved me in the trenches.

I take pleasure in reporting that the attack along my whole front was gallantly and successfully repelled by my brigade. No enemy ever arrived within 50 yards of my front; and even after my left was broken by the attack in rear and flank, the enemy in front had been so sharply repulsed that he did not venture to come again.

Officers and men generally acted with gallantry. Lieutenant Z. G. Gunn, Fourteenth Tennessee, fell in the most gallant discharge of his duty.

Lieutenant Tennessee, fell in the most gallant discharge of his duty.

Lieutenant-Colonel [Andrew J.] Hutchins, of the Nineteenth Georgia, mentions particularly the good conduct of Captain Mabry, Lieuts. W.

H. Johnson and M. Edwards, Sergeant Shell, and Corporal Rogan.

Lieuts. O. H. Thomas and George Lemmon, of my staff, rendered me gallant and efficient service throughout the action.

42 R R-VOL XXI

