
My loss in the action was 40 killed, 211 wounded, and 166 missing,* supposed to have been captured. Among the wounded were Colonel Turney, Lieutenant-Colonel [George, and Major [F. G.] Buchanan, of the First Tennessee; Captain [M.] Turney, the senior captain of the First Tennessee; Major [James H.] Neal, of the Nineteenth Georgia; Major Van de Graaff, of the Fifth Alabama Battalion, and Mr. Frank Wotteu, volunteer aide on my staff-the latter supposed to be mortally wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. ARCHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Division.

No. 315. Report of Captain S. D. Stewart, Fifth Alabama Infantry Battalion.

ON THE MARCH, December 17, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I submit the following report of the part taken and the number killed and wounded in the action Saturday, the 13th instant:

At the beginning of the action the battalion was placed on the extreme right in the ditch. When it was made known that the left of the brigade was being flanked, our battalion was ordered to its support. We succeeded, with the aid of other troops, in driving the enemy back beyond the railroad.

We lost in killed and wounded: Killed-officers,+2; enlisted men 2. Wounded-officers,3; enlisted men 9. Total-16.*

Others of the battalion were slightly wounded, but their wounds do not render them unfit for service.

Respectfully,

S. D. STEWART,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

General J. J. ARCHER.

No. 316. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew J. Hutchins, Nineteenth Georgia Infantry.

[DECEMBER-, 1862.]

The Nineteenth Georgia was engaged on Saturday, the 13th instant, in the battle of Fredericksburg, on the left of General Archer's brigade. About 12 o'clock the enemy began shelling the woods in which we were posted, terrifically. About 2 o'clock, three heavy columns advanced fire upon them, killing and wounding large numbers of them, which drove them in a wood on our left for shelter. Through this wood they advanced, and succeeded in gaining our rear through a gap left open on our left. We held our position some fifteen or twenty minutes, and could have continued to do so, but seeing the enemy advancing in our rear down our lines, and no re-enforcements at hand, we gave way-all who had not already been cut off.

---------------

*But see Report No. 265, p.560.

+Lieuts. T. J. Lewis and N. D. Renfroe.

---------------

