
As far as my observation extends, all the officers and men acted coolly and gallantly, and in noticing a few who came within my own observation, I hope I will not do injustice to any.

Lieutenant W. H. Johnson, my acting adjutant, came to me through a terrific volley of musketry, and went from me to General Archer in the same, showing great coolness and bravery.

Lieutenant Miles Edwards, of Company H, acted very coolly under fire by going from one end of his company to the other, directing his men how to shoot.

Captain C. W. Mabry, of Company E, also showed remarkable self-possession and bravery by taking one gun after another from his men and shooting at the enemy, to instruct them the proper way to do it.

Sergeant Shell, of Company D, and Corporal Rogan, of Company B, were cool and collected, and joined me in several attempts to rally the men on the hill back of our original line to meet the advancing columns of the enemy.

I doubt not many other officers and men deserve equally as much notice as any that I have mentioned, but these came immediately under my own observation. As a general thing I never saw men or officers more cool or fight braver until we were cut off. Some of our bravest and most daring men, and those who deserve especial praise, fell, martyrs to the cause, which proves sufficiently their heroism.* As I have already extended this too far, I will respectfully submit it as it is.

I am, very respectfully,

A. J. HUTCHINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Georgia.

No. 317. Report of Captain H. J. Hawkins, First Tennessee Infantry [Provisional Army].

DECEMBER 17, 1862.

I take pleasure in submitting the following report of the conduct of the First Tennessee Regiment in the battle of the 13th instant, near Fredericksburg:

The regiment, headed by Colonel Turney, was placed on the right of the brigade. The regiment held their position throughout the engagement, which, lasted near three hours, during which time Colonel P. Turney and Major [F. G.] Buchanan were wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel [N. J.] George was then left in command, at which time a brigade came up in support. Our ammunition being exhausted, we gave back that the support might occupy the ditch, at which time an order to charge was given, which we obeyed without ammunition. I, being in command of my company, cannot tell from what source the order came, but Colonel George gave the order to the regiment. The charge drove the enemy under cover of their batteries, when they opened a destructive fire of grape, causing us to suffer seriously. We returned to the ditch, during which time Colonel George was wounded, leaving the command with Captain [M.] Turney, who was wounded immediately also returning to the ditch. Being the next senior, the command devolved upon me.

I must say with pleasure that the conduct of both officers and men was gallant, holding their positions until ordered to move. The officers

---------------

*Lieutenant Peter Fenlon reported killed.

---------------

