
No. 319. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Lockert, Fourteenth Tennessee Infantry.

DECEMBER 19, 1862.

SIR: This regiment was engaged in the fight of the 13th instant, near Fredericksburg, Va. About noon the enemy's batteries in front of our position opened a terrific fire of shot and shell upon us, which was kept up at intervals until about 2 p.m., when three dense columns of infantry commenced to advance upon our position through a large open field in front. We, having taken shelter in a ditch, remained quiet until the enemy's front line was within 200 yards of our own. The Nineteenth Georgia Regiment, on our left, and the Seventh Tennessee, on our right, commenced firing upon them. I then ordered firing to commence in my own. The firing along the line of your brigade now became general, and had great effect upon the Federal lines, killing and wounding a large number of men and officers and confusing others. The fighting with small-arms had only lasted about ten minutes, when the enemy directly in front of our position took shelter in the railroad cut. We then directed our fire to the left-oblique on a column that was advancing under shelter of the timber there and in front whenever a good shot could be had. In about ten minutes more I noticed that the Nineteenth Georgia Regiment was giving way, but supposed that their supply of ammunition, like ours, had been exhausted. In a few moments, however, Lieutenant [George B.] Hutcheson, of Company C, came up from the left an informed me that the enemy had gained our rear. I determined still to hold our position, and did so until I saw the Yankee line advancing through the small pines on our left. I then ordered my regiment to retreat. We fell back in disorder to the open field in our rear, reformed the few men left, got a supply of ammunition, and returned to our original position, the enemy having been driven back by other troops.

The officers and men during the entire engagement showed great courage and coolness. In fact, I did not see an act of cowardice, and never saw shots better aimed or more effective.

We mourn the loss of a large number of killed and wounded of the best men of our regiment.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. LOCKERT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General J. J. ARCHER,

Commanding Fifth Brigade, A. P. Hill's Division.

No. 320. Report of Brigadier General W. D. Pender, C. S. Army, commanding Sixth [Pender's] Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS PENDER'S BRIGADE, December 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the fight of December 13, before Fredericksburg:

I was placed in position Friday morning early on the extreme left of

---------------

*See Report No. 265, p.560. Captain J. P. Brown and Lieutenant Z. G. Gunn killed; Lieutenant John W. King died of wounds.

---------------

