
In conclusion, I beg leave to commend the efficiency of First Lieutenant S. S. Kirkland, ordnance officer and acting assistant adjutant-general, and Mr. John Young, volunteer aide-de-camp. These gentlemen were greatly exposed during the two days we were in advance, but were always at their post.

In the death of Lieutenant Shepperd, I have to lament the loss of a brave and promising young officer.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

W. D. PENDER,

Brigadier-General.

Major General A. P. HILL,

Commanding Light Division.

No. 321. Report of Brigadier General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding Ewell's division, with abstract from field return.

HEADQUARTERS EWELL'S DIVISION, December 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division in the action of the 13th instant, near Fredericksburg:

Having, in obedience to orders from the lieutenant-general commanding the Second Corps, marched the division, on the night of the 12th instant, to the vicinity of Hamilton's Crossing, on the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad, and bivouacked for the night, early next morning, in accordance with like orders, I moved to the crossing, and posted the division nearly at right angles with the railroad, along the dirt road which here crosses the railroad, with my right resting on the latter, so as to support the right of Major General A. P. Hill's division, which occupied the front line. Hay's brigade was placed on the right, with Trimble's brigade, under command of Colonel R. F. Hoke, of the Twenty-first North Carolina Regiment, immediately in rear of it. To the left of Hays was Lawton's brigade, under command of Colonel E. N. Atkinson, of the Twenty-sixth Georgia Regiment, and to the left of the latter was my own brigade, under command of Colonel J. A. Walker, of the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment. The batteries of the division, under charge of Captain J. W. Latimer, who was detailed to act as chief of artillery for the occasion, in consequence of Captain William D. Brown, who was previously acting in that capacity, having been disabled by an accident, were directed to be parked under cover in the rear until wanted. As the division moved into position, the artillery fire commenced from the enemy's batteries, though not at first directed toward the place occupied by the division. After a short interval, however, shell began to fall in the vicinity, and for two or three hours the division was exposed to quite a severe cannonade, and suffered to some extent from the shells and other missiles which passed through the woods in front.

About, or a little after noon, the infantry fire having commenced in front, and becoming quite animated, a messenger from Brigadier-General [J. J.] Archer, of General A. P. Hill's division, came to the rear, stating that General Archer was pressed, and wished re-enforcements. Just at this moment I received an order from the lieutenant-general commanding the corps, through one of his staff officers, to hold my division in readiness to move to the right of the railroad, as the enemy was

