
enemy with canister after a regiment of infantry sent to support him had retired. Captain D'Aquin's and Captain Garber's batteries were also detached to the right of the railroad, and placed under charge of General Stuart's chief of artillery, Major Pelham, and likewise did excellent service, as I am informed. Late in the evening, Captain [J. McD.] Carrington, with his battery, relieved the two which had been sent to the left under Captain Latimer, and next morning didgood service.

On the next day, Captain [W. F.] Dement, with his battery, was placed in position on the hill on the right occupied by the batteries the day before, but did not become engaged.

About sundown on the 13th, I saw General D. H. Hill's division moving to the front, and was informed by one of his brigadier-generals that the whole line was ordered to advance, and that his division was ordered to follow. This was the first intimation I had of it, as no such order had been given me. In a few moments, however, Lieutenant [J. G.] Morrison, aide-de-camp, rode up an informed me that General Jackson's orders were that I should hold myself in readiness to advance, and immediately afterward one of my own staff officers rode up and stated that General Jackson wished me to take command of the whole troops on the right and advance, regulating the distance by the effect produced on the enemy by our artillery. This was rather embarrassing to me, as my brigades had become separated in the positions assumed by them after repulsing the enemy, and a part of the troops on the right consisted of parts of two brigades of Major General A. P. Hill's division. I rode immediately to where Colonel Hoke was posted, and met General Jackson himself, from whom I received the order in person to advance, supporting the artillery which he was about sending forward. I gave the order to Colonel Hoke and General Hays accordingly, and some pieces of artillery having been advanced a short distance to the front, Colonel Hoke advanced with a part of his command to the railroad, a portion being already there. The enemy immediately opened a terrible fire, and it becoming quite dark, our own artillery was withdrawn and the movement countermanded. In a short time afterward I received notice from General Jackson, through one of my staff officers, that as soon as General A. P. Hill's troops took position in front I would move my own back and make them comfortable, getting provisions for them. No troops, however, of General Hill came to relieve me, and Walker, Hoke, and Hays, with their brigaders, remained during the night in the same positions in which they were at the close of the fight.

During the night I received an order through Lieutenant [J. P.] Smith, aide-de-camp, directing that General Taliaferro would relieve General A. P. Hill's division, on the front line, beginning on the left and relieving to the extent of his troops, and that I would supply the deficiency. I was already occupying the front line with three brigades.

Early next morning, Walker was relieved by General Paxton's brigade, and I then placed Hays' brigade in the position which Paxton had left, and placed one regiment in front on the railroad, so as to make a continuous line on that road. Hoke was left in the same position. Lawton's brigade was placed on the right of Hoke, and Walker was moved to the right and placed in the rear of Hoke's and Lawton's brigades, so as to support either of them in case of need, or be thrown upon the right flank as occasion might require.

On the morning of the 15th, the division was relieved by the division of General D. H. Hill, and moved to the rear in reserve, there having been no renewal of the enemy's attack on the 14th.

Having received orders to occupy the second line on the 16th, as I was

