
proceeding to do so I was ordered to move to the vicinity of Port Royal, and moved according.

I cannot too warmly express my admiration of the conduct of the troops of this divisions on the 13th. The absence of straggling or skulking to any considerable extent was a gratifying fact. Officers and men generally behaved admirably.

To Brigadier-General Hays and Colonels Walker, [E. N.] Atkinson, and Hoke credit is due for having promptly obeyed my orders and managed their respective commands with coolness, courage, and intelligence, and the same meed of praise is due Colonel [C. A.] Evans, who succeeded to the command of Lawton's brigade after Colonel Atkinson was wounded.

Captain E. P. Lawton, assistant adjutant-general of Lawton's brigade, displayed great courage and energy, and I call especial attention to the remarks of Colonel Evans in regard to him. I regret very much that Captain Lawton was so seriously wounded in the advanced position to which his brigade went as not to be in a condition to be brought off when the brigade retired, and he subsequently fell into the hands of the enemy, as did also Colonel Atkinson. It will be observed that Lawton's brigade was compelled to fall back, but in doing so it lost no credit, for it was impossible for this brigade to withstand the heavy column brought against it.

To Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Jones, inspector-general; Major S. Hale, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major J. P. Wilson and Mr. H. Heaton, volunteer aides, and Captain L. Marye, of the artillery, and Captain William F. Randolph, of Ewell's body guard, all of whom accompanied me on the field, credit is due for the coolness, courage, and intelligence with which they lent me their aid and bore my orders.

To Captain [J. W.] Latimer is due the credit of having performed all the duties of his efficiently and intelligently, and of having displayed great gallantry under fire. This young officer is one of great promise, and deserves promotion.

The failure to mention other officers is not intended to exclude them from the commendation bestowed on those mentioned, but it is impracticable to mention all that are deserving of praise.

I feel it incumbent on me to state that to Brigadier-General Archer, of General A. P. Hill's division, is due the credit of having held the enemy in check, with a small portion of his men, after his flank and rear had been gained, until re-enforcements arrived, and that with what of his brigade was left he accompanied Colonel Hoke in his charge across the railroad. But for the gallant stand made by General Archer the enemy would have gained an advantage which it would have required a greater sacrifice of life to wrest from him than was made.

The reports of brigade commanders and also of Captain Latimer, acting chief of artillery, are herewith submitted. A list of killed, wounded, and missing has been heretofore forwarded, from which it will be seen that the total killed was 102; wounded, 726; missing, 105.* Most of the wounded are but slightly injured, and about 50 of the missing, being entirely from Lawton's brigade, fell into the hands of the enemy, the greater part being, in all probability, wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain A. S. PENDLETON,

Asst. Adjt. General Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.

---------------

*Not found; but see Report No. 265, p.561.

---------------

