
front of said batteries. We were exposed to quite a heavy fire from these batteries, but gained the position without loss. My orders were to fire only at infantry unless the batteries advanced, which orders I obeyed, firing only once at them, an then only to cover the advance of General Law's brigade, which was made late in the day. I was kept constantly engaged at this point from 11 a.m. [when I gained it] until night, repelling repeated advanced of the enemy by the use of canister. I relieved these batteries that night by Captain Carrington's battery, which engaged the enemy next morning upon the advance of their skirmishers, successfully driving them back.

Shortly after moving to the left with the batteries spoken of above, Captain D'Aquin's and the Staunton Artillery, Lieutenant [A. W.] Garber, were ordered by Colonel Crutchfield to the right of our lines, to report to Major [John] Pelham, where they were engaged most of the day. Not having personally superintend their movements during the day, I am unable to describe them minutely. Captain Dement's battery was ordered to the front on 14th, where it remained in battery until we marched to this point, without, however, becoming engaged at any time.

We have to lament the loss of Captain L. E. D'Aquin, of the Louisiana Guard Artillery. A more gallant officer or more worthy man never fell upon the field of battle. Also Lieutenant [James] Grayson, Captain Brown's battery. He fell nobly, at his post.

The losses in the different batteries are as follows:

Louisiana Guard Artillery [Captain D'Aquin]: Captain D'Aquin killed, 1 private wounded, 2 horses disabled, 1 gun disabled.

Captain Brown's battery [Lieutenant Plater]: Killed, Lieutenant Grayson and 1 private; wounded, 9; 16 horses disabled; also 1 gun and 1 caisson.

Staunton Artillery [Lieutenant Garber]: None killed or wounded; 1 horse disabled, and 1 gun carriage, afterward repaired.

Courtney Artillery [Lieutenant Tanner]: Killed, 1 private; wounded, Lieutenant Tanner and 6 privates; 8 horses disabled.

Captain Carrington's battery: Wounded,4; horses disabled, 7.

Captain Dement's battery: None killed or wounded; horses disabled, 4.

I am pleased to be able to say that all the officers and men under my command acted in a highly creditable manner, promptly and cheerfully obeying all orders and standing up well to their posts.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. W. LATIMER,

Captain and Acting Chief of Artillery, Ewell's Division.

Major S. HALE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Ewell's Division.

No. 323. Report of Colonel Clement A. Evans, Thirty-first Georgia Infantry, commanding Lawton's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS LAWTON'S BRIGADE, Near Port Royal, Va., December 19, 1862.

MAJOR: On the 13th instant, about 9 a.m., Lawton's brigade, Colonel E. N. Atkinson commanding, was formed in line of battle in a wood about three-fourths of a mile west of the railroad, nearly opposite Hamilton's Crossing, below Fredericksburg, Va., the right resting on the left of

