
another brigade of Ewell's division, the Thirteenth Georgia, Colonel J. M. Smith commanding, being the extreme right, and successively toward the left the Sixtieth Georgia, Colonel W. H. Stiles; Sixty-first Georgia, Colonel J. H. Lamar; Thirty-eighth Georgia, Captain William L. McLeod; Thirty-first Georgia, Colonel C. A. Evans, and the Twenty-sixth Georgia, Captain [B. F.] Grace, being six regiments, numbering about 2,000 rank and file. While thus resting in line, the shells of the enemy fell upon the regiment on the right, wounding several, but was borne without flinching by men who in many engagements have proved themselves not deficient in courage or patriotism.

About 1.30 p.m. the brigade was ordered forward, and all the regiments advanced at once in line, except the Thirteenth Georgia. The failure of this regiment to move at the proper time is subject to the following explanation: While in line, this regiment rested upon the slope of a hill intervening between it and the other regiments, which prevented Colonel Smith from observing, at the time, the forward movement of the brigade, and, receiving no order to advance, our line passed out of sight before he was aware that he had been left behind. Receiving orders communicated by yourself soon afterward, he advanced to rejoin the brigade, but was too late to participate in the section. Subsequently, being ordered to join Colonel [R. F.] Hoke, commanding Trimble's brigade, he placed his regiment in a trench near the edge of the field, on Colonel Hoke's left, where he remained until Monday morning.

In the mean time, the brigade moving forward about 250 yards, Captain Grace, commanding the Twenty-sixth Georgia, on the left, encountered the enemy, being apprised of their proximity to him by a volley poured into his ranks, which for a moment checked his advance. But quickly recovering, the regiment delivered its fire, reloaded, and, advancing, drove the enemy before them through the woods. Having encountered the enemy so soon, they became for the time separated from the brigade, and, on reaching the ditch which skirted the edge of the woods, they observed the remaining regiments far out on the plain. Here Captain Grace was directed to halt his command, and not advance into the open field.

The remaining four regiments, consisting of the Sixtieth Georgia, Colonel Stiles; Sixty-first Georgia, Colonel Lamar; Thirty-eighth Georgia, Captain McLeod, and Thirty-first Georgia, Colonel Evans, pushing ahead, came upon the enemy in a minute of time after they were first encountered by Captain Grace, receiving their fire without producing scarcely a perceptible check; fired in return, and, with loud cheers, dashed forward. From this time the contest consisted of but a series of temporary halts made by the enemy, only to be driven away from their positions. At the railroad the enemy made their most determined resistance, and for a few minutes poured a heavy fire into our line. Seeing that a charge was the most effectual plan to dislodge them, the order was given, and so rapidly accomplished that many of the enemy were captured, and, a few, in their attempts to get away, received the application of the bayonet. As an incident of the battle, I desire to state that one of the enemy, after surrendering, leveled his gun to fire at our passing line, but a bayonet thrust from the hands of Captain W. D. Wood, of the Thirty-first Georgia, prevented the intend barbarism.

At this part of the railroad a short neck of woods juts out into the plain, so that on our right and left were the open fields, while before the line lay this neck of thickly matted woods. Under its shelter the enemy fled, pursued by these four regiments with so much precipitation that

