
spirit of determination, and it would be doing injustice to note any one particularly. Captain A. Hoffman, acting ordnance officer, was of great service to me upon the field.

My tabular report of killed and wounded has been sent in.*

The report of the action of the battery attached to this brigade will be made by Captain Latimer, who was acting chief of artillery on that day.

Very respectfully,

R. F. HOKE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major S. HALE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Ewell's Division.
HEADQUARTERS HOKE'S [LATE TRIMBLE'S] BRIGADE, February 4, 1863.

I respectfully state that 300 is as precisely as I can come to the number of prisoner taken by my command at the battle of Fredericksburg. This number was gotten from the receipts taken, which called for between 150 and 160, and statements made by officers who had delivered prisoners and failed to get receipts. A number of prisoners came to the rear by my order while the brigade was beyond the railroad, as I had no men to spare to take charge of them, and, besides, knew they were secure. These prisoners I claimed as having been taken by my brigade. They probably were taken up by other commands and reported as prisoners captured by them, which may be partly the cause of the discrepancy. I inclose one receipt; the others have been misplaced by the officers who had them in possession. I respectfully ask that the number may be reduced if overestimated.

R. F. HOKE,Brigadier-General.

Colonel C. J. FAULKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 325. Report of Colonel James A. Walker, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Early's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS EARLY'S BRIGADE, December 26, 1862.

I have the honor to report the operations of Early's brigade in the battle near Fredericksburg, on the 13th instant.

We were placed in position by General Early, commanding division, in the second line of battle, supporting A. P. Hill's division. The action had not continued over half an hour before I received an order from General Early [through Major [J. P.] Wilson, volunteer aide] to advance at double-quick, as the enemy had cut their way through the first line and were advancing. I put the brigade in motion and met the enemy about the middle of the woods, but they fell back as we came up, and we continued to press them closely, driving them across the railroad and

---------------

*Not found; but see Report No. 265, p.561.

---------------

43 R R-VOL XXI.

