
It as a rifle-pit; but on reaching the place I discovered other troops in possession of the ditch, and accordingly halted my line a few yards in their rear, in readiness to advance in support. In this position I continued the remainder of the day and the night following.

The next morning [the 14th] at dawn my brigade was moved several hundred yards to the left, on a line with the ditch above referred to, in rear of and supporting General [E. F.] Paxton's brigade, then occupying the railroad. While in this position I was directed to send a regiment to fill up a gap in the line along the railroad between the brigades of Generals Paxton and [I. R.] Trimble, then commanded by Colonel [R. F.] Hoke. The Seventh Louisiana Regiment was sent to complete this line. The remainder of the brigade continued to occupy the line indicated during Sunday, the 14th instant, and the night succeeding.

In the morning following [the 15th instant], I resumed my original place near Hamilton's Crossing, and there remained until the 16th instant, when I was ordered to occupy a line in rear of the batteries posted on the hill, with my right resting on the railroad. I had barely reached my position when, the retreat of the enemy being discovered, I was ordered back to the crossing, and in a short time thereafter took up the line of march in the direction of Port Royal.

My loss-amounting to 9 killed, 44 wounded, and 1 missing*-was inflicted by the enemy's batteries while advancing in line on the 13th instant to the brow of the hill in front.

I have to commend the zealous promptness of officers and men in obeying my orders, and the earnest desire they evinced to meet the enemy; and, I am happy to add, there was less straggling during the several days of the recent engagements than I have ever known.

To Captain [John H.] New and Lieutenant [Thomas L.] Macon, of my staff, I am indebted for the cheerful discharge of their respective duties.

HARRY T. HAYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major S. HALE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 327. Report of Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro, C. S. Army, commanding Jackson's division.

HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S DIVISION, Camp near Moss Neck, Va., December 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In conformity with the order of the lieutenant-general commanding, I have the honor to report the operations of this division on the 13th and 14th instant, before Fredericksburg.

On the morning of the 12th, I marched from Guiney's Station to Hamilton's Crossing, at which place I found the division of Major General A. P. Hill posted in order of battle from the crossing, on the right, to Bernard's quarters, on the left. I took position on the railroad to his right, but was subsequently ordered to move my command to the rear of the left of his line. I posted Paxton's and Sarke's [Pendleton's] brigades in rear of Gregg's and Thomas', of Hill's division, and held Taliaferro's

---------------

*But see Report No. 265, p.561.

---------------

