
and Jones' brigades in reserve. In the evening i ordered Colonel [E. T. H.] Warren, commanding Taliaferro's brigade, to the rear of Hamilton's house, to support the artillery posted on the hill in front.

Upon the arrival of Early's division next morning, this brigade was withdrawn, and reoccupied its old position. General Early's line connected with mine on the right. My artillery was held at the crossing on the Mine road, to the left of the division. I reported to General A. P. Hill my dispositions in his rear, and informed him that I had ordered the brigade and battery commanders to recognize any demands for support, if pressing, without the intervention of immediate superiors.

Early on the morning of the 13th, the batteries of Captains Wooding and Carpenter, the latter commanded by Lieutenant [George] McKendree, were posted in the field across the railroad, to the right of Bernard's quarters, and the Lee Battery, Lieutenant [Charles W.] Statham, and two pieces of Lusk's battery on the hill to the left. The other pieces of these batteries operated on the extreme right. The enemy advanced about 9 o'clock, when our batteries opened a destructive fire upon them, causing them to waver and break, but they again advanced, concentrating so heavy a fire of artillery upon the position that it became necessary to retire the batteries behind the railroad, in rear of the quarters, after two hours' action. The infantry of the division during this time were subjected to the shells of the enemy, but advanced to the military road, to be in easy support of General Hill's line, with perfect steadiness and enthusiasm. General Paxton, finding that our troops were giving back to the right of Gregg's brigade, and the enemy advancing beyond the front line through a gap which fronted a boggy wood, supposed to be inaccessible to the enemy, moved his brigade to the right, and engaged, with two of his regiments, the enemy who had penetrated to the military road, but who were retiring by the time he reached that point. He then pushed forward to the front, and occupied for the rest of the day the front line at that place. The other brigades were held in position in rear of the military road until the morning of the 14th, when I relieved General A. P. Hill's troops, in the front; Starke's brigade relieving General Pender's, on the left; Jones', Taliaferro's, and Paxton's occupying the railroad and connecting with General Early's troops, on the right.

At daybreak the enemy made a slight demonstration on my left, their skirmishers advancing nearly to the railroad cut, but they were instantly driven back.

I thought it advisable to change the position of Starke's brigade, which had relieved Pender's, and extend my left on the railroad. This was ordered and accomplished, but I subsequently withdrew part of that brigade and held it in position to command the rising ground near Bernard's quarters.

The skirmishing in the early part of the day was quite brisk and animated along the whole line, but ceased about midday. I had given positive orders to waste no ammunition, and to fire only when the annoyance of the enemy's skirmishers rendered it necessary. I am satisfied the men fired with deliberation and considerable effect. I had a battery masked behind Bernard's houses, and some of my pieces to the left co-operated with those of General Hood. At 5 a.m. of the 15th, I was relieved by General D. H. Hill, and moved my command back to the Mine road.

I take pleasure in stating that officers and men behaved admirably, displaying coolness and courage under fire, and changing positions without any disorder or confusion.

