
information, that Gregg's brigade was moving, I ordered my brigade to the front, in line of battle. About the time of reaching General Gregg's position, the Second Virginia Regiment, occupying the right of my line, came in view of the enemy, and under the order of Captain J. Q. A. Nadenbousch, commanding the regiment, filed obliquely to the right and rear, but scarcely effected its changed of position when it was fired upon by the enemy. Expecting, from the indications, that my troops would be engaged in this position, I proceeded to bring forward the Fifth and Fourth Regiments at double-quick and post them upon the right of the Second and to put the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-third Regiments in position upon its left. These dispositions, however, were not accomplished until the firing ceased, the enemy having been gallantly repulsed by the Second Regiment. Soon after, I changed my position and occupied the military road. While there, I found that troops were falling back in disorder past the right of my line, when I deemed it prudent to move some 300 yards to the right upon the road, to guard against an advance of the enemy in that direction. Again I changed position and occupied the line of the fence in front.

That night my brigade slept on their arms on the military road, and the next morning before daylight, in pursuance of an order from the division commander, took a position on the railroad, my right resting opposite the position which my left had occupied on the military road. Here the day passed off quietly, with the exception of occasional firing between the pickets.

Carpenter's battery was detached from my brigade on the 12th instant, and was not under my orders during the engagement. A report of its participation in the engagement, by Lieutenant [George] McKendree, commanding, is transmitted herewith.

I am much indebted to my regimental officers-Captains Nadenboush and [R. T.] Colston, acting field officers of the Second Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel [R. D.] Gardner and Major [William] Terry, Fourth Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel [H. J.] Williams and Captain [J. W.] Newton, Fifth Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel [James K.] Edmondson and Major [D. M.] Shriver, Twenty-seventh Virginia Regiment, and Colonel [Edwin G.] Lee, Thirty-third Virginia Regiment-for the exhibition of great gallantry, skill, and coolness in the discharge of their duties.

Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner, after having passed unhurt and distinguished for his gallantry through all the battles of the campaign-Port Republic, Richmond, Cedar Mountain, Manassas, and Sharpsburg-fell, at the head of his regiment, severely, if not fatally, wounded.

To Adjt. C. S. Arnall, Fifth Virginia Regiment, acting as my assistant adjutant-general, the highest praise is due for his gallant and energetic discharge of the duties incident to the position.

To the rank and file of my command I am especially grateful for the courage, fidelity, and promptness exhibited in obeying my orders. My brigade sustained a loss of killed, 4; wounded, 69; missing,1; total, 74.*

The report of regimental and battery commanders, with lists of casualties, is transmitted herewith.

Respectfully,

E. F. PAXTON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain W. T. TALIAFERRO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see Report No. 265, p.562.

---------------

