
open fire on the enemy at once. Arriving near the point designated, met that officer, who informed me that we were too late, directing that we go back and go into camp for the night.

Casualties.*

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Officers	 1	 1	 -	 2

Non-commissioned	 -	 3	 -	 3

officers

Privates	 1	 20	 1	 22

Total	 2	 24	 1	 27

Ten horses killed and 4 disabled.

GEO. McKENDREE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

[General] E. F. PAXTON,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 330. Report of Captain J. Q. A. Nadenbousch, Second Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR MOSS NECK, VA., December 23, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Virginia Regiment in the battle of Fredericksburg, fought December 13, 1862:

The regiment left camp near Guiney's Depot at 6 a.m. on the 12th instant, marched to Hamilton's Crossing, on the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad; thence in a westwardly direction to a large wood covering the crest of hills overlooking the battle-field. After a number of changes of position, bivouacked for the night in the wood above referred to, in rear of General Gregg's brigade, of A. P. Hill's division, which held the military road.

About 9 a.m. December 13, the heavy cannonading on the right and left and the sharp skirmishing in front announced the great battle was near at hand. As the day advanced the musketry became more distinct and continuous, and soon the line in front of us became hotly engaged. At this time an order to advance was given, which was done with order and alacrity, marching in a northeasterly direction. The Second Regiment was on the right of the brigade, and in consequence of this position was the only one of the brigade, so far as I know, engaged in the musketry fight. Marching forward in line with the other regiment of the brigade, I observed that there was no support on our right, and kept a sharp lookout for the safety of that flank. I apprehended that if the enemy was near at hand they would take advantage of this gap and fall upon our flank at this unguarded point, and so it turned out. How and

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

