
I must also express my regret at the loss the service has sustained in the wounding of Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner, whose whole conduct during this war on many hard-fought battle-fields has marked him as a most trustworthy and efficient officer.

I give below a list of the casualties:*

*			*			*			*			*

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. TERRY,

Major, Commanding Fourth Virginia Regiment.

Captain C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Paxton's Brigade.

P. S.-The wounds in most of the foregoing cases were slight-from fragments of shell. Many have already returned to duty.

No. 332. Report of Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Williams, Fifth Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 24, 1862.

In pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters, I herewith trans mit report of this regiment during the engagement near Fredericksburg, December 13, 1862.

On the morning of December 12, the regiment, with the brigade, left camp with 246 men, non-commissioned officers, &c., with 17 commissioned officers, taking the road leading to Fredericksburg. Having marched a distance of about 6 miles, we were halted along the railroad and ordered to load, which being accomplished we marched and countermarched along the railroad, taking an oblique course across the fields to the left of the road. We proceeded along and upon the top of the hills overlooking the valley about and around Fredericksburg, where we remained during the remainder of the day and night without anything of importance occurring worthy of note.

In the morning at 9 o'clock cannonading became very heavy on our right, which continued until the fire was extended along our whole line. During this artillery duel several of the men upon the left of the regiment were wounded-1 seriously in Company F. About 1 o'clock we were again ordered back, and formed line of battle 400 yards in rear of our former position. After remaining in this position a short time, the roar of musketry plainly indicated that the battle had commenced. We then moved forward to what is called the military road under heavy fire of shell, &c. We were then halted a few moments, then ordered by the right flank, moving forward, perhaps, half a mile, when halted again for a few moments, throwing out skirmishers, at the same time moving forward in line of battle for a few hundred yards to a fence a short distance from the railroad; then we were halted and remained until the firing ceased, which was a little after dark. Then we moved back to the military road and remained until near daylight, when we were moved forward and took a position in front along the railroad. In this position we remained during the day and night, with no other casualties save 1 man wounded in Company E. The firing continued during the - along

---------------

*Embodied in No. 265,p.562.

---------------

