
the whole line of skirmishers. Remaining in this position during the day and night, we were relieved near daylight by General Rodes' brigade, when we took up the line of march, moving back, perhaps, 1 1/2 miles, where we remained until next morning, about 9 o'clock. At this period we were ordered to move, taking the direction of Port Royal. We marched until a late hour, when we encamped upon the farm of -, in Caroline County, Virginia, where we now are.

I must say, in conclusion, with the exceptions already mentioned in a former report, that men and officers never behaved so gallantly; and in justice to all I can give no one more praise than another. Sufficient to say that all were at their posts and did their duty. Annexed you will find list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. J. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 333. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James K. Edmondson, Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry.

DECEMBER 23, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I respectfully submit the following report of the participation of my regiment in the late battle of the 13th instant, before Fredericksburg, viz:

General [E. F.] Paxton's brigade, of which my regiment forms a part, occupied, on the morning of the 13th, the rear position or the third parallel line, in supporting distance of General [Maxcy] Gregg's brigade, which occupied a position on the second parallel line. About 9 a.m. a heavy cannonading commenced, and was kept up till about noon, to which my regiment and the brigade generally was severely subjected, but unflinchingly withstood. About noon the infantry became engaged, and the battle for hours raged furiously. Our lines in front finally seeming to give way, my regiment, together with the remainder of the brigade, eager for the fray, moved up rapidly and in good order [passing over troops which, to all appearances, seemed to be doubting as to their duty] to the support of their comrades in front. The enemy, however, had been whipped back in the mean time and our brigade became not engaged. The remainder of the day was engage in changing position, but the enemy did not advance again.

I sustained no loss either in killed, wounded, or missing. I would, however, here remark that I have never seen the officers and men of my regiment behave with more gallantry or with cooler courage, seemingly having determined to conquer or die.

Respectfully,

JAMES K. EDMONDSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Virginia Vols.

Lieutenant [C. S.] ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in No. 265,p.562.

---------------

