
No. 334. Report of Brigadier General John R. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Second [Jones'] Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS JONES' BRIGADE, December 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent battle of Fredericksburg:

I reached the ground on Friday evening, and was placed in position in the reserve line.

On Saturday morning, 13th instant, I was directed to change my position to the left, and farther to the front, but still occupying a position in the reserve. My position subjected me to some annoyance from the shells of the enemy, one of which severely wounded the adjutant of the Forty-second Virginia Regiment. About the middle of the day the musketry opened, when I was still farther advanced to within musketry range of the enemy. The front line not requiring support, I remained in this position the remainder of the day.

In obedience to orders, I advanced at dawn next morning to the front, relieving Brigadier-General Lane. My command moved to this position under a heavy musketry fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, in which I had 1 man killed and several wounded. The completeness of the victory of Saturday not being known, officers and men expected soon to be engaged with the enemy in force, and it affords me pleasure to report that all were anxious for the encounter, and manifested a feeling of disappointment as the day passed on and no signs of an advance were given by the enemy. A brisk skirmish was kept up during the day, in which I sustained a loss of 37 officers and men killed and wounded. Among the former was Captain [T. S.] Ames, Company C, and Lieutenant [G. W.] Swoope, Company E, Twenty-first Virginia Regiment, both in the faithful discharge of their duty. The fighting was necessary to keep the sharpshooters from occupying the crest which commanded our line.

Where all behaved coolly, gallantly, and equally well, I can speak of none in particular. I can only say that the gallant little brigade, which has fought so gallantly and lost so heavily in the great battles of the past summer and fall, was ready to do its duty, and bear it part in making the shortest and most direct route to Richmond a hard road to travel.

Very respectfully,J. R. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

Captain [W. T.] TALIAFERRO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 355. Report of Colonel E. T. H. Warren, Tenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Third [Taliaferro's] Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TALIAFERRO'S BRIGADE, December 19, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the recent action near Fredericksburg:

The brigade left its encampment Friday morning about sunrise, and,

