
on arriving at Hamilton's Crossing, was put in position in rear of the Hamilton house, in support of the batteries stationed on the hill. This position it occupied the remainder of the day and that night, but saw nothing of the enemy.

Early Saturday morning I was ordered to the left, and look position in rear and supporting distance of Brigadier-General [E. F.] Paxton's brigade in the following order: Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment, commanded by Colonel T. V. Williams; Tenth Virginia Regiment, commanded by Captain W. B. Yancey; Twenty-third Virginia Regiment, commanded by Captain A. J. Richardson; Forty-seventh Alabama Regiment, commande by Captain J. M. Campbell; Forty-eighth Alabama Regiment, commanded by Captain C. B. St. John. During the day I was advanced to the front until I came up to the second line, at which point I received orders to fall back to the military road and occupy it.

Next morning, in accordance with orders, I occupied the front line on General Paxton's left. Early in the morning my skirmishers engaged those of the enemy for a short time, but during the day and night following, this part of the line was remarkably quiet.

Monday morning, being relieved, we retired to the third line.

Captain [George W.] Wooding's battery was detached from the brigade Friday morning, and its actions did not come under my observation. It was, however, early in the action, and sustained its reputation for gallantry and efficiency, but I regret to say suffered severely, Captain Wooding and Lieutenant [Joseph H.] Jones both being severely wounded.

The loss sustained by the brigade [not including loss in battery] was slight, being 2 officers and 14 privates wounded.* I refer to the report already furnished for names, &amp;c.

Most respectfully,

E. T. H. WARREN,

Colonel Tenth Virginia Regiment, Commanding Brigade.

Major [W. T.] TALLAFERRO,

Asst. Adjt. General, Jackson's Division.

No. 336. Report of Colonel Edmund Pendleton, Fifteenth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Fourth [Starke's] Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS STARKE'S BRIGADE, Camp near Fredericksburg, Va., December 19, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the circular order of the brigadier-general commanding, of this date, requiring reports from commanders of brigades of the participation of their respective commands in the late operations around Fredericksburg, I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken therein by the brigade under my command:

Having previously cooked three days' rations, on the morning of the 12th instant at early dawn we marched from our camp, near Guiney's Depot, for the scene of the late engagement. The brigade under my command, soon after its arrival on the ground [about 2 p.m.], took its position in line of battle on the extreme left of the right wing, in rear of and supporting Thomas' brigade, in General A. P. Hill's division.

In this position we remained until Saturday morning [the 13th], when we were ordered to take a different position to our left and rear. Here

---------------

*But see Report No. 265, p.562.

---------------

