
the 13th and 14th in constant expectation of being brought into action. Under these circumstances every man remained firm at his post; not a straggler was to be seen leaving the ranks, and all evinced a commendable eagerness to engage the enemy, which needed only opportunity to ripen into the gallantry heretofore so conspicuous in the troops from Louisiana.

Lieutenant-Colonel [M.] Nolan, commanding the First Louisiana Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel [McG.] Goodwyn, commanding the Fifteenth; Major [M. A.] Grogan, commanding the Second; Major [John M.] Legett, commanding the Tenth, and Captain [H. M.] Verlander, commanding the Fourteenth, are deserving of my especial commendation for the coolness and skill with which they commanded their respective regiments, and the promptness and energy with which they executed every order.

I should entirely fail in my duty if I did not advert also to the valuable assistance rendered to me by First Lieutenant Thomas L. Mills, of the Tenth Louisiana, who tendered me his services as aide-de-camp for the occasion. His promptness and untiring activity in conveying my orders, although frequently exposed, are deserving of the highest praise, and I beg leave to mention him as eminently deserving of promotion.

The casualties of my brigade have been heretofore reported at 2 killed and 35 wounded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMD. PENDLETON,

Colonel Fifteenth Louisiana Regiment, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. T. TALIAFERRO,

Asst. Adjt. General Jackson's Division.

DECEMBER 12, 1862.-Reconnaissance from North Mountain to Bunker Hill W. Va.

Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND, MD., December 12, 1862.

I ordered a cavalry scout from North Mountain this morning, to go into Martinsburg and ascertain if the rebels were there, and, if not, to go on toward Winchester till they found them. Found no enemy in Martinsburg. When near Bunker Hill encountered 13 of Ashby's cavalry and captured them all, with their horses and equipments. A battalion of Ashby's old regiment is picketing Bunker Hill.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major BASCOM,

Headquarters District of West Virginia.

CUMBERLAND, MD., December 11, 1862-10.15 p.m.

I went to North Mountain Station yesterday, within 7 miles of Martinsburg; left there last night. The road repaires reached that point last evening, and will reach Martinsburg in about a week, if we can protect them. Ordered a cavalry scout to be sent this morning to Martinsburg

---------------

*But see Report No. 265, p.562.

---------------

