
to ascertain if the enemy was there, and if not, to go toward Winchester till they found him. Found no rebels in Martinsburg. Near Bunker Hill they encountered 13 of Ashby's cavalry, and captured them, with all their horses and equipments, and have just returned to camp with their prisoners. A battalion of Ashby's old regiment is picketing Bunker Hill.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

DECEMBER 12, 1862.-Skirmish at Dumfries, Va.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel Anson Stager, Additional Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army, Superintender U. S. Military Telegraph.

No. 2.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

No. 3.-Brigadier General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Anson Stager, Additional Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Military Telegraph.

WASHINGTON, December 12, 1862.

GENERAL: Operator sent to Occoquan to-day telegraphs at 4 p.m. as follows:

Hampton, with 800 cavalry, made a raid on Dumfries at 5 o'clock this a.m.: cut telegraph and captured two operators and one repairer; also several officers, orderlies, &amp;c. They left Dumfries about 8 o'clock, taking road toward Bristoe. They stated that they were only a detachment of the force that had crossed with them, saying they expected, and came to meet, a large force of our cavalry. General Steinwehr's division marched into Dumries at 10 this a.m. We have heard firing near Dumfries and to westward of it, which shows he has met the rebels and engaged them. The rebels paroled the officers, but retained the telegraphers. I hear cannonading now.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

A. STAGER,

Superintendent Telegraph.

No. 2. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

FREDERICKSBURG, VA., December 13, 1862.

General Hampton reports that he entered Dumfries at daylight yesterday; captured 50 prisoners and 20 wagons, with stores; brought them to the Rappahannock. General Sigel was expected at Dumfries to-day.

R. E. LEE.

General [S.] COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

44 R R-VOL XXI.

