
from the town at 8 a.m., and after a march that day of 40 miles, encamped near Morrisville that night.

The next morning everything was put safely across the river, and we returned without having met any loss or casualty.

I can again speak in the highest terms of the conduct of my officers and men. They bore the privations and fatigue of the march-three nights in the snow-without complaint, and were always prompt and ready to carry out my orders. The success of the expedition is mainly attributable to this good conduct on their part; and, though all that I desired to accomplish was not performed, enough was done by them, I trust, to make them merit the approval of the major-general commanding.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major NORMAN [R.] FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stuart's Cavalry Division.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, December 19, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded. Brigadier-General Hampton, with a command thinly clad and scantily fed, displayed, amid the rigors of winter and on the desert track of an invading host, an activity, gallantry, and cheerful endurance worthy of the highest praise and the nation's gratitude.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, December 20, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department. The manner in which General Hampton planned and executed his expedition reflects great credit upon himself, officers, and men.*

R. E. LEE,

General.

DECEMBER 12-20, 1862.-White's operations in Loudoun County, Va., and raid [December 14] on Poolesville, Md.

Report of Major Elijah V. White, Thirty-fifth Virginia Cavalry Battalion.*

DECEMBER 24, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to send you a detailed account of my scout since I left camp on the morning of the 12th instant. I encamped that night near Hillsborough.

On the 13th, I captured 12 infantrymen in the neighborhood of Hillsborough, whom I sent back to Snickersville. I learned from them the enemy had gone in the direction of Leesburg, and had about three hours' start. I immediately ordered an advance guard to push them as rapidly as possible, and learn the force of their rear guard. My advance captured 6 infantrymen on the way, who were also sent to Snickersville. I

---------------

*See General Orders No. 29, Headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, February 28, 1863, "Correspondence, etc.," p.1114.

---------------

