
reached Leesburg about 3 p.m. The enemy's cavalry left the town as we came in sight. My advance pushed on, and encountered them about 3 miles below Leesburg, on the Centreville road, and after a brisk skirmish drove them into the rear guard of their infantry, capturing 2 and wounding 3. Nobody hurt on our side. I did not deem it prudent to attack with my force their infantry and cavalry combined. Returned to the neighborhood of Waterford and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 14th, started for Waterford, where I encountered Samuel Means' force, some 60 men. We charged them and drove them through the town, killing 1 of their lieutenants and capturing their orderly sergeant and 1 private, both of whom, together with those already sent to Snickersville, making 22 in all, were sent to your headquarters for disposal. We pursued them about 5 miles in the direction of the Point of Rocks.

Learning that there was a force of about 60 cavalry in Poolesville, I determined to push forward to that place; sent my worst horses back; sent a squad of men to watch the enemy at Harper's Ferry. They charged the pickets, capturing 26, which were paroled. I crossed the Potomac at Conrad's Ferry with 93 men about one hour by sun. Arrived at Poolesville about 8 p.m. Before entering the town I learned that about one-half of their force had gone on a scout, and that the remainder were quartered in the town hall. Divided my force and charged it in two directions. Upon surrounding the hall and demanding its surrender, was answered with a volley from door and windows. We returned the fire with good effect, killing a lieutenant and the orderly sergeant and wounding 8, including the lieutenant commanding, The hall was then surrendered. We captured 21 prisoners, all of whom we paroled. Our loss was 1 man killed. Some of the enemy were scattered around the town, and when they heard the firing made good their escape.

We also captured 43 horses and destroyed all their stores, consisting of clothing of various kinds, blankets, Enfield rifles, and muskets; also a large lot of commissary stores, together with wagons, &amp;c. Remained in the town for several hours, and recrossed the Potomac at White's Ford.

While encamped at the Trappe, I sent a scout to Leesburg on the 20th. They captured 8 prisoners and paroled them.

I send you a list* of names of all prisoners captured and paroled during my scout.

E. V. WHITE,

Major, Commanding [Thirty-fifth Virginia] Battalion.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District.

[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 27, 1863.

Respectfully towarded. Major White has thus given early evidence of the essential characteristic of a successful cavalry leader-prudent boldness. His command accomplished a hard march and successful expedition, and deserves great praise for it.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

