
No. 3. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William Irvine, Tenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, Rappahannock, November 16, 1862-7 p.m.

GENERAL: Sergeant Reynolds, of Captain Peck's company [H.], last sent to Morrisville, to report to Major Harhaus for picket duty, has just come into camp, and reports that Captain Peck, with 14 men, posted at the United States Ford, 12 miles below Morrisville, better known as the "God Mines," was attacked about 1 p.m. to-day by about 100 rebel cavalry from this side the river, who attacked Captain Peck's party in their rear. Captain Peck rallied his men, after being fired on, and made a stand, fired his carbines, then fell back a few rods, on the rebels advancing, and emptied his revolvers. By that time the party was nearly surrounded, the captain's horses shot under him, and the party undertook to cut their way through the rebel lines to the rear. Five of the men succeeded in doing so, and brought away 7 horses. Captain Peck escaped into the woods, and, the sergeant thinks, succeeded in escaping. The sergeant and 4 men were chased and fired on for 2 miles toward Morrisville, when the rebels gave up the chase. Nine men are missing, and 7 horses. Two horses were shot, including the captain's. Whether any men were killed the sergeant cannot tell. He has no idea where the rebels came from, but knows they did not cross at that ford. Captain Peck's rear guard was but a little way off, and the attack was a surprise.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,WILLIAM IRVINE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth New York Cavalry.

General BAYARD.

NOVEMBER 24-25, 1862.-Expedition from Sharpsburg, Md., to Shepherdstown, W. Va., and skirmishes.

Report of Colonel Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Sharpsburg, Md., November 25, 1862.

Having been informed by Adjutant-General Scott that you desired, if possible, that the band of guerrillas, under the command of the notorious Burke, should be captured, on the 24th I planned an expedition to cross the river at night and surround the house [in Shepherdstown] where the band made their headquarters. Through Messrs. Chapline and Grant I had made myself thoroughly acquainted with the place. I detailed Captain Cogswell, of the Second Massachusetts, and 75 men for the expedition, who were accompanied by Adjutant General Scott and three trusty guides. The party crossed the river about 1 mile above Shepherdstown, in boats, at 10 p.m. By a circuitous route they gained the rear of the town, and surrounded the house and captured the whole party, except one, who was absent. Burke himself undertook to make his escape, but was fired upon and killed. The two young Burkes, Leopold [who is a little less famous for his depredations than Burkes, Leopold [who is a little less famous for his depredations than Burke himself], O'Brien, and Hipsley, 5 in number, were taken. Five horses, saddles and bridles, and their arms, were also taken. Papers found

