
the Phillips house [headquarters of Major-General Sumner] and the Falmouth and Belle Plain road at sunset. You will report to Colonel Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery. You will be careful not to approach the crest of the hill sufficiently to enable your guns to be seen from the south side of the Rappahannock. You will obey, until you are ordered to rejoin your division, such orders as you may receive from Colonel Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery, or from Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 8, 1862.

Major-General HOOKER,Commanding Center Grand Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you will please have issued to each of the following-named battery commanders the accompanying order, and take the necessary steps to have it executed: Lieutenant Hazlett, Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Griffin's division; Captain Smith, Fourth New York Battery, Sickles' division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

[Sub-inclosure.]

The COMMANDING OFFICER,

Battery -:

SIR: You will report in person to Lieutenant-Colonel Hays, commanding artillery, at the office of Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery, at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, the 10th instant. You will obey, until you are ordered to rejoin your division, such orders as you may receive from Lieutenant-Colonel Hays or Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT GRAND DIVISION, December 12, 1862.

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that this grand division will continue the movement across the river this morning at 7 o'clock. The General-in-Chief desires this notice to be given to you, in order that you may be prepared to follow the movement with your command.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, December 12, 1862.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

*			*			*			*			*

Whipple's division will bivouac between the Lacy house and the river, guarding the ford.

The above extract, from orders received from headquarters grand division, is furnished for your information and guidance. Headquarters

