
cerned at, perhaps, over 100 yards distance. But to the Telegraph road there is but one direct wagon road from this camp, and upon it Captain Robertson had been with me twice before-once as far as the headquarters of Major-General Hooker, and once as far as the headquarters of General Sykes.

There is no other road traveled by my wagons from this camp to my pickets. Near the former headquarters of the center grand division the head of the column was halted for half an hour, to allow for the delay in the crossing of Potomac Creek. At the crossing of the Telegraph road an intelligent orderly was stationed to see the column pass, and to guide it if necessary. He reported to me afterward that he waited two and a half hours for the arrival of captain Roberton's battery after the cavalry had passed, and from that point guided him to my command. At the infantry pickets, 2 miles beyond the Telegraph road, another halt of half an hour was made at the head of the column, to allow it to close up. I arrived with the cavalry at the picket reserve, about 1 mile this side of Hartwood, a few minutes after 9 p.m. It was three minutes after midnight when Captain Roberton reported him arrival to me

A loaded wagon, driven by an enlisted man who had never been over any portion of the road before, followed the cavalry without a guide, and arrived at Hartwood in good season.

Captain Robertson needed no guide to the Telegraph road, and upon his arrival there found one ready to show him the way, and who did accompany him.

There is always more or less irregularity in the gait at the rear of a column of cavalry, but on the night in question the head of the column marched at a walk. I shall be happy to furnish any information required by the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac upon the other matters referred to in this report.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

DECEMBER 21-22, 1862.-Skirmishes at Strasburg, Va., and Wardensville, W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.

BALTIMORE, MD., December 24, 1862.

The following telegram just received from Brigadier-General Kelley, at Cumberland:

General Milroy, at Petersburg, reports that General Cluseret, of this division, entered Strasburg on the 21st, after a slight engagement, in which 20 of the enemy were captured. A force had concentrated at Woodstock, and General Cluseret fell back to Wardensville. Supply train sent to Cluseret, with an escort of 300 men, were attacked on the 22nd at Wardensville by 350 of Imboden's force, who were repulsed, with a loss of 20 killed, wounded, and prisoners. Our loss, 6 wounded. Captain Keys, of Ringgold Cavalry, left Romney at 5 p.m. on the 22d, and entered Winchester yesterday morning but found no enemy, he having fallen back to Woodstock, to dispute advance of Cluseret.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK.

