
[CHAP. XXXIII.

on Saturday night, and that he had 30 wagons and about 50 prisoners, which they had captured from Sigel's forces at Dumfries. We then went toward Dumfries to within 12 miles, struck the Telegraph road 5 miles north of Stafford Court-House, and General Sigel's pickets at Aquia Creek, about 10 o'clock last night. Hampton probably crossed the Rappahannock or went to Warrenton early on Sunday.

I have sent two men to Warrenton to see what it there.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 25, 1862.-Reconnaissance from Martinsburg to Charlestown,

W. Va.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., December 25, 1862.

Just received the following telegram from Brigadier-General Kelley, at Cumberland:

Lieutenant Vermilyea, First New York Cavalry, with 40 men, went from Martinsburg to-day on a reconnaissance to Charlestown, in Jefferson County,and found there about 60 men of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry (rebel), Captain Boyle's company. Our men charged them at once and drove them out the town; captured 2 prisoners, horses, arms, &amp;c. One of the prisoners is a son of the Honorable Andrew Hunter.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

DECEMBER 25, 1862.-Skirmish near Warrenton, Va.

Report of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,December 26, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a scout was sent by me day before yesterday to go through the woods below Deep River to the Rappahannock River, to discover if there was any place fordable or unguarded, so that I might cross with sufficient force to fall upon the picket at Ellis' Ford, or Kelly's and surprise them. He was returned, and reports that after making his way with great difficulty, mounted and on foot, to the river, he discovered that there is a complete line of pickets on the other side, extending from United States Ford to Kelly's.

The enemy are at United States Ford, Ellis', and Kelly's. At Ellis' day before yesterday, the picket was strengthened and three pieces of artillery added to it. The current, except at the regular fords, is strong, and the bed of the river filled with ledges of rock. It is difficult to approach any of the fords unobserved by the enemy.

Scouts are sent over by the enemy every few hours, who approach our lines and return. Five came over whilst my scout was hidden in the

