
vicinity of Ellis' Ford. On the 23rd instant, a party of three started to go to Warrenton, but returned shortly after, reporting that 7 of the enemy's scouts got after them and followed them so closely as to render it unsafe to proceed. A non-commissioned officer and 10 men were then sent out on the 24th, who arrived at Warrenton Junction about dark, and remained all night. The next morning they set out for Warrenton. On the road they met a citizen, who produced a copy of an oath of allegiance which he had taken, and who informed them that there were no troops at Warrenton, excepting two companies of Randolph's Black Horse Cavalry, now commanded by a Lieutenant Smith.

My party proceeded to within 4 miles of Warrenton, where the pickets of the enemy were discovered and chased for a mile. The party then returned by way of Elk River, near which place a picket was seen and pursued for about 2 miles, when the party suddenly found themselves in the presence of about 60 of the enemy. They attempted to break through them, but their horses being jaded and worn they had great difficulty in doing so. Five of the party have not yet reported, and I fear that they have been captured.

The enemy on the other side of the Rappahannock seemed to have quite a holiday yesterday, riding races, whooping and yelling, firing cannon, &amp;c.

Some 8 miles south of Kelly's Ford there were several reports of cannon during the day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 27-29, 1862.-Raid on Dumfries and Fairfax Station, Va., including action at Dumfries, December 27; skirmishes at and near Occoquan and at Fairfax Court-house, December 27-28, and skirmishes near Chantilly and Frying Pan, December 29.

LIST OF REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army, commanding Defenses of Washington.

Numbers 2.-Colonel R. Butler Price, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.-Captain Charles Chauncey, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 5.-Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army, commanding Division.

Numbers 6.-Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Frederick G. D'Utassy, Thirty-ninth New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Brigadier General Edwin H. Stoughton, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 9.-Colonel A. Schimmelfennig, Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

No. 10.-Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 11.-Colonel John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Infantry.

45 R R-VOL XXI

