
[CHAP. XXXIII.

Numbers 12.-Colonel William R. Creighton, Seventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 13.-Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 14.-Lieutenant Colonel Hasbrouck Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 15.-Captain Joseph H. Cook, First Maryland Cavalry.

Numbers 16.-Lieutenant William H. Rogers, Sixth Maine Battery.

Numbers 17.-Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 18.-Brigadier General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 19.-Colonel M. C. Butler, Second South Carolina Cavalry.

Numbers 20.-Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 21.-Lieutenant Colonel James W. Watts, Second Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 22.-Colonel T. L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 23.-Brigadier General William H. F. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army, commanding Defenses of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., January 3, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions of December 29 last, I have the honor to make the following report in relation to the recent raid of the Confederate cavalry through our lines:

Late on the afternoon of December 27 last, I received copies of three telegrams from M. C. Hall, operator at Dumfries, two directed to General Slocum, at Fairfax Court-House, and one to Major Eckert, from Colonel Candy, commanding Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, saying that he was attacked by 4,000 cavalry and four guns, asking for re-enforcements and ammunition.

At 5.30 p.m. same day, I received a telegram from Colonel Wyndham, of the cavalry at Union Mills, saying he heard firing in the direction of Dumfries, and proposing to operate on the enemy's flank. I immediately telegraphed to him to do so.

The next day, December 28, in the afternoon, I learned that the enemy's cavalry were on this side of the Occoquan, but could obtain no reliable information of their movement until after dark. I then immediately telegraphed to the different commanders the information I had received, and for them to prepare to move. The accompanying copy of the order to General Abercrombie shows the dispositions made here. I notified the commanders at Fairfax Court-House and Station and Colonel Wyndham, and also gave them some instructions.

The inclosed reports of Brigadier-Generals Casey and Stoughton and Colonels D'Utassy, Wyndham, and Price show that the troops were on the alert and active, and their dispositions evince much skill and judgment. General Abercrombie's reports show that his troops, although not ordered till after dark, were in position the next day two hours before it was light; but the rebel cavalry had passed several hours before, taking a by-road, and passing so near Fairfax Station that they were fired upon by the troops thrown out from that point, and left 8 horses on the ground, besides carrying off some men killed and wounded.

When I had reliable information of their having crossed the Occoquan, they were already nearer to Burke's Station than any troops I had this side. Those at Fairfax Station I ordered by telegraph, and they reached them, but were not in sufficient force to contend successfully with so large a force of the enemy. The small cavalry force I had at

