
 [CHAP. XXXIII.]
tion by daylight to-morrow. Immediate arrangements must be made to forward rations and forage to them. You will please keep these headquarters advised of your movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. HUNT,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel R. Butler Price, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. CAVALRY Brigadier, DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,December 30, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the commanding general, the following:

On Saturday evening, about dark, an orderly reported at the reserve camp of the picket line, extending from Occoquan to Wolf Run Shoals, that a detachment of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania, on its march from Occoquan to join Colonel Kellogg, had been driven back by a rebel cavalry force. One company of the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry was sent to re-enforce the picket at Selectman's Ford, and 100 of the same regiment to the ferry at Occoquan. The rebels were at that time in the village, but preparing to retire, which they did soon after.

At dawn of day on Sunday, 28th instant, Captain Chauncey crossed the Occoquan at Selectman's Ford with 150 men of the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, and about the same number of the Seventeenth Pennsylvania, under Major Reinhold. They followed the tracks of the enemy for 5 miles, and, entering a thick wood at that point, were attacked by a large body of cavalry. The command was routed and followed across the Occoquan 2 miles by the rebels, who destroyed a few tents in the reserve Occoquan 2 miles by the rebels, who destroyed a few tents in the reserve camp and then withdrew. The wagons, with one exception, had been removed, and thus saved.

The enemy's column went up the Occoquan in the direction of Wolf Run Shoals, near which place Major Stagg's patrol encountered their advance. A short skirmish followed, but they returned, without loss, to Wolf Run Shoals, where a brigade of infantry was lying. They (the rebels) passed that point about dark. They marched by the way of Burke's Station, and about 10 o'clock came into the road between Annandale and Fairfax, taking the direction toward Fairfax. They were driven back from there, turned off to the right, and took the road toward Vienna. Major Taggart, on his march from Dranesville, drove in their pickets at Frying Pan, but, finding them too strong, turned to the left and reached Annandale by another road.

The first intimation I had of their approach was by an orderly from Accotink on Sunday, the 28th, at 4 o'clock, which information I sent immediately to headquarters. I could not at that time report their strength, it not being known. The reports which I have since received state their number to be from 2,500 to 5,000. An officer of Major Stagg's command, who was thrown from his horse, and laid in the bushes while they passed, computes their number at 4,000.

The Second Pennsylvania Cavalry lost in killed and missing about 50 men and 3 officers. One of them, the surgeon, remained, voluntarily, to take charge of the wounded.

Of the enemy's loss I have no detailed account, except of the death of 2 officers, one of them a major, who was shot by officers of the Second

