
Third Corps, and the other two divisions of this corps, will be in the vicinity of the bridges crossing the river, in rear of General Franklin. You will remain in the position indicated in the above extract until further orders.

By command of Brigadier-General Stoneman:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 5.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, December 12, 1862-4.15 p.m.

General WHIPPLE:

In addition to the orders sent you just now, the general commanding corps directs me to say that in case any emergency arises, you will apply to Major-General Hooker [at the Phillips house] for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. J. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 6.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 13, 1862-5.55 a.m.

Major-General FRANKLIN,Commanding Left Grand Division, Army of the Potomac:

General Hardie will carry this dispatch to you, and remain with you during the day. The general commanding directs that you keep your whole command in position for a rapid movement down the old Richmond road, and you will send out at once a division at least to pass below Smithfield, to seize, if possible, the height near Captain Hamilton's, on this side of the Massaponax, taking care to keep it well supported and its line of retreat open. He has ordered another column of a division or more to be moved from General Sumner's command up the Plank road to its intersection with the Telegraph road, where they will divide, with a view to seizing the heights on both of these roads. Holding these two heights, with the heights near Captain Hamilton's, will, he hopes, compel the enemy to evacuate the whole from each other, with a view of avoiding the possibility of a collision of our own forces, which might occur in a general movement during a fog. Two of General Hooker's divisions are in your rear, at the bridges, and will remain there as supports. Copies of instructions given to Generals Sumner and Hooker will be forwarded to you by an orderly very soon. You will keep your whole command in readiness to move at once, as soon as the fog lifts. The watchword, which, if possible, should be given to every company, will be "Scott."

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 7.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, December 13, 1862-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

GENERAL: The general commanding corps directs that you place your division in position to cross the three bridges opposite Fredericksburg

