
as to give us no warning of their proximity. They were making ready to cross the ford when warned of our coming.

While no one regrets more than I do the loss we have sustained, I am thankful that it was no worse, and when I consider that with 250 men we encountered an enemy 8,000 strong, and led by three well-known general, Stuart, Fitzhugh Lee, and Hampton, I am astonished that we did not suffer more.

I remain, colonel, yours, respectfully,

CHARLES CHAUNCEY,

Captain, Commanding Detachment Second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant-Colonel BRINTON,

Commanding Second Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Chantilly, Va., December 30, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, according to a telegram received from you, I started with my whole available force toward Dumfries at 1 p.m., the 28th instant. On arriving at Union Mills, I found that the enemy had crossed the Occoquan at Snyder's Ford, and were marching in the direction of Fairfax Station.

I immediately proceeded to Farmwell with my command, expecting to meet them there. I then halted and sent patrols in all directions to find the whereabouts of the enemy, and it was not until morning that I learned they had crossed the railroad at Burke's Station. Expecting to find them somewhere on the Aldie pike, I marched through Fairfax Court-House, and came up with the enemy this side of Chantilly about 10 a.m., the 29th instant. I pressed them closely as far as Saunders' toll-gate, skirmishing with them, when I obliged them to deploy their force, and found them to number over 3,000 men. I was, therefore, obliged to be careful, as my force did not exceed 500. My advance, however, followed them as far as Pleasant Valley. I placed my pickets as usual, and returned to my old camp at Chantilly, sending all the information to Brigadier-General Stoughton, at Fairfax Court-House.

Very fortunately, while at Union Mills, I foresaw this event, and ordered all my teams, camp equipage, &amp;c., back to Fairfax Court-House, or they would have been captured. I am happy to report that the enemy captured nothing from my command. I have always upheld the importance of Chantilly as a cavalry post, and, had there been a large force here, we could have captured or driven back the enemy. I have also often mentioned the presence of this cavalry force of the enemy at Stafford Springs, with a view to this raid, but, not being in my front, I have never made an official report of it.

P. WYNDHAM,

Colonel.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Defenses of Washington.

