
Numbers 8. Reports of Brigadier Edwin H. Stoughton, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND VERMONT BRIGADE,Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 29, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the enemy's cavalry, consisting of Generals Lee's and Stuart's brigades and one battery, and a cavalry command under General Hampton, after being repulsed in an attempt to pass my troops up the pike, passed near Annandale, through Vienna, taking the road from there to Dranesville, tearing up the road slightly at Burke's Station, and capturing the operator and cutting the wires between here and Falls Church. I will send in my report to-day. They succeeded in capturing nothing. All the wagons from Burke's coming here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. STOUHGTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. N. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Since writing the above, I learn that the enemy merely obstructed the road at Burke's Station by placing wood upon the track.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, CASEY'S DIVISION,Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 29, 1862.

I have the honor to report that at 4.30 yesterday p.m. I received information from one of General Slocum's aides that the enemy had crossed the Occoquan in force, between Occoquan and Wolf Run Shoals. Supposing their object to be the capture or destruction of stores at Fairfax Station, where I learned General Slocum had left but 400 men to defend his entire wagon train and stores, I at once ordered one regiment and a section of artillery to that place, with orders to hold it, and send to me if they needed further re-enforcements; at the same time I recommended to Colonel D'Utassy, by telegraph, that he send at least two regiments and a battery to Fairfax Station, as the enemy were probably making for that place, with a view to obtain possession of the property there.

At 5 o'clock I received orders from General Heintzelman to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Mrs. Violet's, near Occoquan, as the enemy were reported in that quarter, and report the result to him. Immediately after, I received information that the enemy were at Burke's Station, and placed my three remaining regiments and four pieces so as to prevent the enemy escaping by any road leading from Burke's Station to Fairfax Court-House or to the Little River pike; then, fearing the enemy might escape by passing between this place and Annandale via Vienna, I telegraphed direct to General Heintzelman, requesting that a force be sent from near Washington to cut off this line of retreat.

In the mean time I received information from General Slocum that he would guard Wolf Run Shoals if I would take care of the stores at Fairfax Station, when I again advised Colonel D'Utassy to throw a portion of his command to Fairfax Station, and to direct Colonel Wyndham to place his force to the northeast of Chantilly, to check the enemy,

