
[CHAP. XXXIII.

should they get through that far. At this time I felt greatly the need of cavalry, being compelled to rely on infantry scouts for all the information I could obtain, and sent to Colonel Wyndham asking for at least a squadron.

Receiving orders at about 8.30 o'clock from General Heintzelman to communicate with General Abercrombie, whose headquarters were at Annandale at this place, about 4 miles from the latter. They pressed on, driving in my pickets, and charging with two regiments on my advance guard. Were met with a steady fire, which drove them back in confusion, killing several horses and wounding some of their men.

They soon rallied, however, and formed as for another attack. Not coming up, I ordered two guns to open of them, and followed this with an attack of infantry, when I discovered they were leaving my front. Fearing they would now attempt to pass between this place and Vienna, and having no cavalry, I sent infantry toward the latter place, with a view to head them off, which I arrived too late, they having passed, cutting the wires between here and Washington.

I learned from undoubtedly reliable sources that the enemy's forces consisted of about 5,000 cavalry and one battery. Generals Stuart and Fitzhugh Lee were in command. All the teams and stores at Burke's Station were brought safely within my lines, and the enemy were foiled in their attempt to capture Fairfax Station, and, so far as I learned, have done us no mischief, except cutting the wires.

About 9 o'clock I received orders to assume command of Colonel D'Utassy's brigade, when I at once issued orders to him to move two regiments and one battery without delay to Fairfax Station, and to look our for the enemy from the northwest, as I was apprehensive that they might cross between Centreville and Fairfax Court-House, and attack from that quarter.

I hope the necessity of my having cavalry will be evident from the operations of last night. Had I have had in my command a sufficient force of cavalry, I should doubtless have been able to receive early intelligence of the enemy's movements, and met him on the Little River pike and prevented his crossing it. I have 1 prisoner, 2 horses, and 2 saddles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. STOUGHTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. N. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel A. Schimmelfennig, Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., ELEVENTH CORPS,Camp near Aquia Creek, Va., January 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor most respectfully to report to you in regard to the last raid of the enemy's cavalry upon Dumfries, &amp;c., as follows:

On December 24 and 25, 1862, the enemy's cavalry patrolled as far as Stafford Springs and Stafford Store. I went out twice at night with a

