
[CHAP. XXXIII.

by way of Trent's Church, toward Dumfries, and that it was my patrols, near Chopawamsic Creek, that first reported the enemy in force near our lines.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the excellent behavior of my infantry, which marched in perfect silence and without straggling 15 miles during the night of the 27th and 28th instant, and again 10 miles on the morning of the 28th, the whole 25 miles being accomplished in eighteen hours. The 50 men of the First West Virginia Cavalry, under Lieutenant Seltzer, and the 20 men of the First Connecticut Cavalry proved skillful and reliable soldiers, and obeyed my orders punctually.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Colonel, Commanding 1 st Brigadier, 3rd Div., Commanding 3rd Div. pro tem.

Brigadier-General STAHEL,

Commanding pro tem. Eleventh Army Corps, Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,December 27, 1862.

According to your report, you will detail two regiments of your own brigade, provided with two days' rations. Two guns of Captain Hill's battery (3-inch) are ordered to report to you at once, and will leave this place as soon as they can be got ready. Colonel Di Cesnola will place at your disposition 50 men of cavalry, who will report to you at once. You will leave 100 men (cavalry) at Aquia Creek and take 100 with you on the expedition. Send me reports of patrols as promptly as possible.

By order of Brigadier-General Schurz, commanding division:

E. F. HOFFMANN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding First Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

PICKET STATION ON TELEGRAPH ROAD,

---- --, 1862.

SIR: I have been, with 50 men, to the grist mill this side of Dumfries. On my advance attempting to cross the creek, we were met with a volley. We retired to the top of the hill and endeavored to find out who was there. We challenged the picket, but could get no answer. We found a man, living near by, who said the rebels took the town and still held it. By the camp fires, which I could see, I judge quite a force is there.

Very respectfully,

N. A. BARRETT,

Captain Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

Colonel SCHIMMELFENNIG.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

COLONEL: I am going to Stafford Springs at once, and try to get at them, or at least at their wagons. My information coincides with yours

