
about the enemy's whereabouts. I leave a strong force at Garrisonville. However, any communication will reach me at Stafford Springs.

Very respectfully, yours,

L. P. DI CESNOLA,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,December 27, 1862.

Lieutenant Seltzer will immediately report to me, at Garrisonville, with the 50 men last sent out with Colonel Schimmelfennig.

By order of Colonel L. P. Di Cesnola:

WM. H. HARRIS,

Captain, Commanding First West Virginia Cavalry.

P. S.-Before leaving, you will show this order to Colonel Schimmelfennig, so that there may be no misunderstanding and no blame attached to either you or me.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,December 27, 1862.

DEAR SIR: It seems there has been some mistake in the disposition of our cavalry forces. You will please return to my command at Garrisonville the 50 men furnished you by me. As Colonel Di Cesnola claims he has furnished you with all you required from the Sixth Ohio, I am very sorry this mistake has occurred, and I hope you will not censure me for ordering them back, as I do so by order Colonel Di Cesnola, commanding cavalry brigade.

WM. H. HARRIS,

Captain First West Virginia Cavalry.

Colonel SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 10. Reports of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT, 1ST Brigadier, DIV., 12TH A. C.,Dumfries, Va., December 28, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to respectfully inform you that my position at this place was attacked at 11.30 a.m. yesterday by about 2,500 cavalry, under the command of one of the Lees. They made their appearance on the Telegraph road in the direction of the Chopawamsic, capturing part of my patrols in that direction, part of whom made their escape, thereby enabling me to be ready for them.

They opened with shell on the town, and in a few movements I replied with the section of McGilvery's battery, keeping them at a distance. Finding they could make no headway, they attempted to flank me on the right, but I met them at that point and repulsed them with quite a loss on their side, and met with some few casualties among my men.

