
[CHAP. XXXIII.

The enemy kept up a vigorous fire until dark, when everything quieted down for the night.

I suppose my loss will be, as far as I can learn, about 3 killed (1 commissioned officer) and about 10 wounded. The patrol sent out on the old forest road, consisting of 2 commissioned officers and about 70 men, have not been heard from, but am in hopes they will turn up. They were on the road the enemy are supposed to have come. There may be a few more who have been (reported missing) captured.

I learn from a sutler's hand captured, and who made his escape and returned here this morning, that the enemy's force consisted of the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Virginia Cavalry, under the command of Lee and Stuart. They were moving in the direction of Brensville, and, from what he could learn, they intended to make another demonstration on this place at an early date.

I shall forward, at the earliest moment, an official report in full, giving all particulars.

I have the honor to be, colonel, yours, respectfully,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 12th Army Corps, Fairfax Station, Va.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT, 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 12TH A. C.,Dumfries, Va., December 29, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of the 27th instant at this place:

About 1 p.m. a part of the patrols on the Telegraph road, toward the Chopawamsic River, reported that the party had been attacked about 3 miles from this place by a party of rebel cavalry, and that several had been captured. I immediately ordered a strong party of cavalry (Maryland), under command of Captain Cook, to proceed in that direction and find out the strength of the party, and recapture those who had been captured from me; at the same time ordered all of my command to be immediately placed under arms.

Not more than half an hour after these orders had been given, the enemy drove in a portion of my infantry pickets stationed on that road, and succeeded in capturing some of them. At the same time they made the dash, they opened upon the town of Dumfries with shell. I immediately brought the section of McGilvery's battery, under the command of Lieutenant Rogers, into action, and replied shot for shot to them. I discovered that their force consisted of cavalry, estimated at about 2,500 strong, with four guns. I ordered forward the Seventh Ohio in line to the front, to meet their skirmishers and prevent any charge that they might attempt to make.

The enemy, when first discovered, immediately threw out skirmishers in their front, and sent parties to their right and left to pick up any stragglers they might find. By this time I had my force distributed, so as to be prepared for any movement that they might attempt on my right or rear.

About 3 p.m. they succeeded in bringing on my right a portion of their force, which was met by the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, and a portion of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis. The enemy, finding they could make no headway mounted, dismounted a portion as skir-

