
mishers and sharpshooters, with one piece of artillery. They were met by skirmishers from the Sixty-sixth Ohio, and a portion of the Illinois cavalry dismounted, and a brisk firing commenced. I ordered one of my guns in position, supported by a portion of the Sixty-sixth Ohio, and replied to their gun (which was firing solid shot), which was soon silenced. The enemy made two repeated efforts to charge during this time, but were repulsed.

The enemy's skirmishers were armed with Mississippi rifles and long-range carbines, but did no harm to any of the men. I am confident that there were quite a number of casualties on their side, as several rifles and marks of blood were found in large quantities on the ground in the vicinity of their position. During this part of the engagement Colonel Creighton, of the Seventh Ohio, general officer of the day, and Lieutenant Clark, of the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, officer in charge of the picket, displayed great coolness and bravery in the discharge of their duties. The pickets, consisting of detachments of the several infantry regiments, displayed great coolness, and behaved nobly in repelling, with the assistance of a portion of the Sixty-sixth Ohio and Twelfth Illinois Cavalry (dismounted), the repeated efforts of the enemy to charge. Night coming on, the firing gradually ceased, and all quieted down.

At the commencement of the engagement I held the Fifth Ohio Volunteers, commanded by Colonel J. H. Patrick, as a support for the section of artillery, and to repel any charge that might be attempted, and was compelled to move them from point to point, which was done in admirable good order and promptness. His men displayed their usual coolness and bravery in front of the enemy, and were eager and willing for a charge to be attempted by the enemy, feeling their superiority with the bayonet.

The Seventh Ohio commanded by Major Crane, moved forward in splendid order and great coolness under a galling fire of grape, and met the enemy's skirmishers (dismounted), driving them in and holding the thicket of pines, which they (the enemy) were endeavoring to obtain possession of, losing several of his men.

The detachment of the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, rendered good service, and a portion of his men displayed great coolness and bravery; others, young in the service, were not as col and collected as may be expected hereafter from them. Colonel Davis displayed great coolness, energy, and industry in watching the movements of the enemy and keeping me informed of his changes of position, and in distributing his men (cavalry) to the different positions assigned.

The detachment of the First Maryland Cavalry, commanded by Captain J. H. Cook, started, as first ordered, to obtain information of the strength of the force which captured the patrol; but, on arriving near the mill on the Quantico Creek, where the pickets were captured by the enemy, received the fire of the enemy's skirmishers, wounding several of their horses, they firing very rapidly, and Captain Cook fell back near the battery, when he was ordered to watch the road leading to Brentsville, and inform me, and resist any force of the enemy that might attempt to attack me from that direction, which was done to my entire satisfaction. Great credit is due to Captain Cook in the efficient manner he was compelled to rally some of his men. A greater portion of that regiment rendered good service; others were very shy.

The section of the Sixth Maine Battery, under the command of Lieutenant William H. Rogers, was well handled, and did good execution. The

