
[CHAP. XXXIII.

men, under the supervision of the lieutenant, worked the guns admirably, silencing four guns of the enemy, and their shots were sent with great precision. Part of the time the gunners were under a cross-fire, and I am happy to report no casualties in that arm.

I have the honor to respectfully inclose herewith the reports from the several commanders of the casualties that occurred among their commands and part taken by them with their regiments and detachments during the engagement.

My cavalry pickets, posted on the road toward Brentsville, at Lindsley's farm, consisting of 1 commissioned officer, 3 non-commissioned officers, and 12 privates, and the pickets at Dyer's Mill and Keyes' farm, consisting of 1 non-commissioned officer and 6 men each, have not been heard from as yet. They are reported as captured, but I am in hopes they may turn up all right. I also that morning started a detachment of the First Maryland Cavalry, commanded by Captain Buckley, on a scout in the direction of Stafford Store and Springs, which has not been heard from, and, from all I can learn, this was the route the enemy came from into the Telegraph road.

In conclusion, I have the honor to say that all of the men of this command, with the exception of a few stragglers and deserters, behaved with great coolness and daring, and the different commanders, Colonel Creighton, Seventh Ohio; Colonel Patrick, Fifth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry; Major Crane, Seventh Ohio; Major Collins, Fifth Ohio Volunteers; Captain Cook, First Maryland Cavalry and Lieutenant Rogers, section of the Sixth Maine Battery, obeyed ever order and executed every movement ordered with great promptness and coolness, and I especially mention their names as officers well worthy to bear the commissions that have been intrusted to them. I have the honor to report that the wounded, 10 in number, are doing well under the immediate attention of Surg. A. R. Fyfield, Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, acting brigade surgeon. Under whose command the attacking force was I am unable to say positively, but understand that it was General J. E. B. Stuart, with the cavalry brigades of Hampton and Lee, supposed to be about 2,500 strong.

Hoping the foregoing report and my actions will meet with your approval, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio, Commanding Post.

General JOHN W. GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 11. Report of col. John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Infantry.

DUMFRIES, VA., December 28, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, No.-, of this date, I herewith have the honor of transmitting the following report:

About 12.30 p.m. of the 27th, orders came for us to be under arms immediately. We had just formed in line and stacked arms when the guns of the enemy were heard shelling Dumfries. We were ordered to support the artillery, which we did. As soon as our cannon opened fire,

