
a shell from the enemy exploded among my men, wounding 1 severely. The firing on both sides became very vigorous. Our battery then changed position to the right. We were ordered to its support. We had not remained long in this position when we were ordered to leave one company to support the battery and advance the other nine farther to the right, to repel a cavalry force in that direction. We occupied that ground for about half an hour, when orders were given to move to the left, at double-quick, to meet a large force of cavalry that had appeared there, with the apparent intention of turning our left flank. As soon as we appeared in sight they turned off into the timber. One of our cannons wheeled into position and caused the enemy to open ranks and retreat.

Their battery then opened on us for about three-quarters of an hour, firing very rapidly. It was here that Lieutenant Charles A. Walker and Anthony Le Force, private of Company G, were killed, and Sergeant Koogle, Company E, wounded. The rebel firing ceasing at this point, they moved forward and farther to our right. We were then ordered, with five companies, to the right and rear, to guard a road leading to the river, three companies remaining to guard the battery, under command of Major John Collins; the other two companies were deployed as skirmishers to the front, and did considerable execution. The enemy being driven back, we remained on picket during the night.

List of casualties in the Fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement at Dumfries, Va., December 27, 1862: Killed-1 lieutenant, 1 private; wounded-1 sergeant, 2 privates; missing-4 privates; stragglers-15 privates, 1 sergeant.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. PATRICK,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Volunteers.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding Det., First Brigadier, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel William R. Creghton, Seventh Ohio Infantry.

DUMFRIES, VA., December 28, 1862.

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Ohio Regiment in the fight at Dumfries, Va., December 27:

Orders were received at these headquarters about 1 p.m. to form the regiment into line, awaiting further orders, which was promptly done. Soon were ordered to move to the front. Moved off by the right flank to the crest of the hill on the right center of the town, when, forming in line of battle, we moved forward to within 100 yards of a pine grove south of the town. The First Maryland Cavalry being in front and falling back under the first fire of the enemy, we fixed bayonets and moved promptly forward to the edge of the grove, our left resting on the Telegraph road, at which point the rebels opened fire on us with a few shots, which were quickly responded to, though after the loss of 2 men wounded.

We now changed position by the right flank to the crest of a hill on our right, and, soon after, orders were received to fall back to the support of the Fifth Ohio, which was supporting the battery in the open field; in pursuance of which order we took position with our right rest-

