
[CHAP. XXXIII.

ing on the wood road, which runs parallel with the Telegraph road. After remaining in this position about one hour, was ordered to support our left with part of the regiment, moving the right wing about the distance of 200 yards to the right. With the right wing we opened fire by volley on the enemy who were opposing the left center of the main force and quickly silenced them. We then received orders to throw out heavy pickets to the front and bivouac for the night.

I have the honor to further report: Number present in action, 312; killed, 1; wounded, 8; missing (1 reported wounded), 5,6 accounted for; prisoners, 2, and stragglers,2. Total, 18. Returned from battle, 294.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

W. R. CREIGHTON,

Colonel Seventh Regiment.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding Ohio Brigade.

Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Eugene Powell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

DUMFRIES, VA., December 28, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance to General Orders, No.-, of this date, from general headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in defense of this post yesterday:

The regiment was under arms promptly and moved to the position assigned to it for the protection of our flank, in the direction of Brentsville road. Afterward, in compliance with your orders, Companies A, D, F, and I were posted on the ridge opposite the town, subject to your order, and I held the other six companies as support for one piece of McGilvery's battery.

I have the honor to report that Company B, Captain Palmer, being deployed as skirmishers, behaved in a gallant manner while under the fire of the rebel cavalry. The entire regiment obeyed every order with promptness, and were ever ready to receive the enemy. I have to report that the following non-commissioned officers and privates of this regiment are missing, supposed to be captured by the enemy while on picket duty yesterday, viz: Company A, 1 corporal and 7 privates. I have no further casualties to report so far as I know.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EUGENE POWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Vols. Comd. Regiment

Colonel CHARLES CANDY, Commanding Post.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hasbrouck Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry.

DECEMBER 28, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the disposition of the six companies under my command during the action of yesterday, and the part taken by them therein:

Under your standing orders, a detail selected from Company G, con-

