
[Inclosure No. 11.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 13, 1862-8 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: I shall soon have in full report of effective force for duty in ranks to-night. All here seem to agree that it will be one of the most difficult of operations to carry this crest in front, there being so many obstacles of natural and military strength. This is for your private information. Sturgis thinks if Franklin has pressed them hard on the left, they will evacuate. Griffin reports obstacles, such as rifle-fences, walls, &amp;c., in the way. I send you this, not as official, but merely as the opinions expressed here. Please consider it private.

Yours,[Inclosure No. 12.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 13, 1862-10.40 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, directing the relief of Couch's command by Sykes' and Humphreys' divisions, has been received and the proper directions given. With this is Colonel Hawkins, one of General Burnside's old regimental commanders, who has a very clear idea of the position in our front, combined with a knowledge of the roads and country. I have requested General Getty to send him over, that he may explain fully to General Burnside and yourself what he has to me. Am I to renew the attack, or simply hold the position?

Waiting further orders, I am, very respectfully, yours,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 13.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 13, 1862-11 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: Griffin's division to-day relieved Sturgis', at the urgent request of Generals Sturgis and Willcox, and, by your order, I am now to relieve Couch's line with Sykes and Humphreys. General Willcox states that Sturgis' command has been in all day; his ammunition exhausted, and he cannot properly relieve Griffin. I am, therefore, fighting or holding to-morrow Couch's line and Sturgis' portion of Willcox's line, a longer line than I ought to fight, and almost without support of my own. Of course, Couch and Willcox will, as soon as replenished with ammunition, be able to support or relieve me, but I do not think I should be placed in such a position. On our picket lines the enemy are heard talking; moving of wheels is heard, but I have no positive information as to what the nature of the movement is. I inclose a report received from General Humphreys.

I am, very respectfully, yours,DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

