
[CHAP. XXXIII.

again turned their backs and fled to the woods. We were not again disturbed, but occupied the hill all night. The enemy's fires burned until about 1 a.m. We could hear their pickets converse until between 9 and 10 p.m.

In the morning we made a reconnaissance in the front to their camp-ground, and found that they had skedaddle. I am glad to say that, with the exception of Captain Hayden, none of us were hurt.

Captain Thomas Logan, promoted to lieutenant-colonel, and mustered out of the regiment, volunteered his assistance, and was of great service to me.

Missing from Twelfth Illinois Cavalry: Company G, 28; Company B,3.

Your obedient servant,

HASBROUCK DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding at Dumfries.

Numbers 15. Report of Captain Joseph H. Cook, First Maryland Cavalry.

DUMFRIES, VA., December 29, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 2, dated December 28, 1862, I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this command in the engagement of the 27th instant:

The battalion formed in line about 10.30 o'clock, then marched through the village, when, reaching the outer part, we drew the first fire of the enemy, which resulted in the wounding of several horses. All the men behaved quite well. Second Lieutenant Thomas G. Good, of Company H, stood the fire bravely, urging the men on; also First Lieutenant D. Clagett, Company L, who lost his horse. The remainder of the day was spent as flankers and skirmishers.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. COOK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment First Maryland Cavalry.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding Post.

Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant William H. Rogers, Sixth Maine Battery.

DUMFRIES, VA., December 28, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 2, I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part taken by the section of the Sixth Maine Battery under my command in the engagement at Dumfries, Va., on the 27th instant:

At about 12.30 o'clock took position near court-house, as per your order, and directed my fire upon the enemy's batteries and cavalry at a

---------------

*List of casualties shows 36 men missing.

---------------

