
The loss inflicted on the enemy was considerable, but cannot be stated with accuracy. A large number of horses, mules, wagons, saddles, bridles, pistols, and sabers were captured; also over 200 prisoners.

The results in the way of captures on the Telegraph road were less than had been anticipated, in consequence of the numerous descents upon that road by General Hampton and detachments from his command, which had caused it to be abandoned, except by a few sutlers.

Dumfries, instead of being garrisoned by a few cavalry, as it was when recently taken by General Hampton, was now garrisoned by a full brigade of infantry.

The command returned in astonishingly good condition from this long march, the benefits of which were three-fold:

1st. The destruction of the telegraph line of communication of the enemy between the Chopawamsic and the Occoquan, being the connecting line between Washington and General A. E. Burnside's headquarters; the capture of the enemy's property, and the dispersion of his cavalry on the Occoquan.

2d. It made necessary the detachment of large bodies of the enemy as a constabulary force for the region of country extending from the Aquia to Vienna.

3d. In moving toward Middleburg, the impression was created upon the enemy that another invasion of Maryland was contemplated, and drew the main body of their cavalry in that direction, making rapid marched over the difficult roads, thereby crippling his cavalry force in the fruitless effort to thwart me in my real intentions.

The conduct of officers and men on this expedition deserves the highest praise, evincing patient endurance, heroic dash, and unflinching courage.

Major John Pelham, with his horse artillery, performed gallant and exceedingly difficult service during this expedition. Ever up with the cavalry, he crossed the Occoquan at Selectman's Ford, which has always been considered impracticable for vehicles.

I am greatly indebted to my staff for their efficient services.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff, Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 18. Report of Brigadier General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS, January 5, 1863.

MAJOR: In pursuance of orders from Major-General Stuart, I joined him on the morning of the 26th ultimo with the following detachments from my brigade, viz: 175 First North Carolina, Major John H. Whitaker, commanding: 150 First South Carolina, under Captain W. A. Walker; 150 Second South Carolina, under Colonel Butler, 180 Cobb Legion, Major William G. Delony commanding; 130 Phillips' Legion, Lieutenant-Colonel W. W. Rich commanding, and 85 Jeff. Davis

