
[CHAP. XXXIII.

Legion, under Lieutenant-Colonel Martin-in all 870 men-together with one section of artillery, under the command of Lieutenant Francis M. Bamberg.

On the 27th, being ordered by General Stuart to move toward Occoquan, while the other brigades attacked Dumfries, I proceeded to my destined point by the way of Cole's store. At this latter place, finding that my road was guarded by the pickets of the enemy, I detached 25 men to get behind them while I drove them in with 20. The guide to the former party unfortunately mistook the road, so that the pickets, when attacked in front, were enabled to retreat toward Dumfries. Of the 15 pickets on this road, my men took 4, and the others, in endeavoring to escape, fell into the hands of a squadron of Lee's brigade, which was on the same road. Having cleared the way, I pushed on toward Occoquan. Colonel Butler, with the main body, approached the town in front, while I took Colonel Martin and Major Delony by the river road, with a view to cut off the retreat of such troops as might be in the town. Colonel Butler drove in the pickets and dashed into the town. There were several hundred cavalry here, but they soon broke, leaving the town. As it was dark, most of them escaped, as the attack was made before I reached the point at which to cut them off. Nineteen prisoners and 8 wagons were captured here, while my loss was 1 man wounded.

Near this place I expected to be joined by the other two brigades, but as they did not come, and I could hear nothing of them, I moved back toward Cole's store, where I met them.

The next day the division returned toward the Occoquan River, with a view to crossing it. At Greenwood Church, Colonel Butler, with his command, was detached, with orders to proceed to Bacon Race Church, where he was told that we would join him. Lee's brigade, which was in front, fell in and routed a party of the enemy soon after we left Greenwood Church, and in a short time firing of artillery and musketry indicated that Colonel Butler had engaged the enemy. General Stuart here gave me directions to move across the river, leaving Colonel Butler to follow if he could, or retire to camp if he was not able to join us. I moved my command to Selectman's Ford, over which Lee had already crossed, and, by direction of General Stuart, took two detachments toward Occoquan. We fell in with a small force of the enemy and drove them back at once, but as it was late we did not follow far.

In the mean time, much to my relief, Colonel Butler, joined the brigade. The report of his proceedings I beg to inclose with this. The manner in which he extricated himself from a very perilous position reflects great credit upon him.

Overtaking the other two brigades, I followed them during the march of that night.

Nothing of any importance occurred from this time until our arrival in camp, which place we reached on the 1st instant.

The wagons were all brought safely to camp. The prisoners captured numbered 33.

I regret to say that I lost several of my horses, broken down by the long march, and that very many of them are rendered unfit for service from the same cause.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Brigadier-General.

[Major NORMAN R. FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stuart's Cavalry Division.]

