
[CHAP. XXXIII.

brigade was leaving it, and joined your brigade after it had crossed the Occoquan River.

I had 1 man, Corporal Bessilieu, severely wounded in the arm, and Private Winn, slightly, in the thigh, and several horses shot.

I cannot account for so few casualties in any other way than that the guns of the enemy were too much elevated, so that their shot passed over us.

I cannot speak in terms too high of the conduct of officers and men. Their behavior could not have been better. They moved forward with unhesitating gallantry and spirit, and rallied at the command without confusion, and promptly faced the enemy under a rapid and terrible fire.

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. BUTLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Stuart's Division.

P. S.-Eight horses were broken down and left from regiment at different points of the line of march.

Numbers 20. Report of Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Fredericksburg, Va., January 5, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from Major-General Stuart, I submit the following report of recent operations of my command:

Left my camp near Guiney's Station on December 24, 1862, and encamped that night near Chancellorsville. Marched from that point toward Dumfries, striking on the 27th the Telegraph road between Dumfries and Aquia, some 4 miles from former place, having passed just outside and on a parallel line to the enemy's line of pickets. My advance guard, of the Fifth, under the gallant J. W. Bullock, then encountered one of the enemy's patrols, capturing 2, the remainder escaping toward Dumfries. Proceeding in that direction, the Fifth Virginia in advance, captured 6 four-horse and 3 two-horse wagons, lade with sutlers' stores of every kind, and 22 Abolitionists, who were guarding them. From these prisoners captured learned that the enemy's force at Dumfries consisted of three regiments of infantry, some cavalry, and artillery. Upon reaching that place, and a demonstration being determined upon, Colonels Rosser and Drake, with their regiments, were ordered to cross above the town, and Lieutenant-Colonels Watts and Carter, with detachments from Second and Third, to move and cross the Quantico at the point the Telegraph road crosses and below. Rosser and Drake were ordered to charge the enemy first; their attention being called off, Colonels' Watts and Carter were to dash across the fords and, it was hoped, capture the town. It being decided afterward that the probable loss of life would not compensate for the capture, I continued skirmishing with the enemy until dark, my dismounted sharpshooters occupying the enemy's infantry with consider-

