
able effect, enabling the major-general commanding to swing around the rest of the command on the Brentsville road, and move off in that direction. My two rifle pieces, under Captain [James] Breathed, did excellent service also. In the skirmish 11 prisoners were captured by the Fifth Virginia, and it was there, too, the heroic Bullock fell, wounded in two places, and, it is feared, mortally.

On the 28th, marched in the direction of Davis' Ford, on Occoquan, and encountered a large force of enemy's cavalry drawn up in line of battle. A charge was ordered and gallantly executed, the ever-ready First Virginia in the advance, riding directly on the enemy in the face of their volleys. The enemy were routed and pursued 5 or 6 miles, some 8 or 10 being killed and over 100 prisoners taken.

The charge across the narrow, rocky ford on the Occoquan (Selectman's) by file, in spite of the enemy's dismounted sharpshooters on the other side, was one of the most admirable performances of cavalry I have ever witnessed. Great praise is due to Colonel Rosser in this connection. Pushing rapidly on, I came upon and destroyed a large camp, capturing some horses and mules, wagons, blankets, and stores of every kind, supplying my command with what could be conveniently carried. I ordered the tents to be burned, and what was left of the Second Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry saved only what they had on their persons.

The command then crossed the Orange and Alexandria Railroad at Burke's. I was detached at that point, and, with Surgeon [J. B.] Fontaine, Lieutenant John Lee, and 10 men, moved down the railroad and set fire to the large bridge over the Accotink. Returning across toward the Little River turnpike to overtake the command, we captured a picket of the enemy, viz, a lieutenant and 3 privates. The enemy have a cavalry force at Annandale picketing across toward Springfield. My brigade in the mean time moved from Burke's to the turnpike, and from there toward Fairfax Court-House, receiving a heavy volley from the enemy's infantry.

Under cover of the demonstration, the command crossed and marched for Frying Pan, from thence to Middleburg, Loudon County, Culpeper Court-House, and back to camp.

I captured on the trip a large number of prisoners, horses, saddles, bridles, pistols, and sabers, together with 10 or 12 wagons and teams. The only circumstance happening to sadden the trip was the loss of Captain Bullock, Fifth Virginia Cavalry. He had no superior in the cavalry service for dash and bravery, and his loss is deeply regretted by all. Lieutenant-Colonel Watts, Second Virginia Cavalry, was slightly wounded while gallantly charging at the head of his men. I also had 8 privates wounded and 10 or 12 horses killed or wounded.

I inclose the reports of Colonels Rosser and Watts, for the information of the major-general. The conduct of Colonels Rosser and Drake, and Lieutenant-Colonels Watts and Carter, and Lieutenant G. M. Ryals came especially under my notice, and was all that could be desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

Major NORMAN R. FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-I am indebted to valuable services rendered by my staff during the trip.

