
[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 13, 1862.

GENERAL: I find that my Second Brigade has fired a great deal of its ammunition; the First very little. Ten wagons will be required to replenish them, supposing all to have 60 rounds given to them. I should like to see you, to tell you why we did not carry the stone wall. We should have done it but for the presence of a mass of men lying behind a little hill, or embankment, who were firing when they came up, so, when I tried the other brigade, the mass of men lying behind this bank forced our two lines into a column, which reached to within 50 yards of the stone wall, or perhaps less. The details have been sent out to bring back the killed and wounded. We lost heavily. One-half of the Second Brigade retired from the crest across the plain [under my command] to the ravine [under orders from General Hooker or from yourself] slowly, in perfect order, and singing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure No. 14.]

ON THE FIELD, December 13, 1862-2.30 p.m.

General FRENCH:

My line of skirmishers moved forward and drove the enemy over the crest of the first hill, where we were compelled to await re-enforcements. The regiments of Kimball's brigade came forward, and with us held the position. On moving to the right of our line, I learned that General Kimball was wounded, and I to take charge of his brigade. I at once designated Lieutenant-Colonel Sawyer to take charge of the skirmishers, and on foot started to find General Kimball's staff. I dispatched Captain Mason to report to you. The brigade was scattered all over the line-no regiment entire. I directed the Eighth Ohio to watch the right, and sent out to find our regiments. I have found the Eighth Ohio, Seventh [West] Virginia, and Twenty-fourth New Jersey entirely out of ammunition, and have directed them to form behind the hill, in rear of ammunition, and have directed them to form behind the hill, in rear of the main line, fix bayonets, and await ammunition and time to reform the brigade. Scattered as it is, it is of no service, but when reunited we may be enabled to do some service; but scattered as it now is, it only adds to the confusion. I will reform it as soon as possible, and hope for ammunition. I think our right needs more troops, as the enemy re-enforce from that flank.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MASON,

Colonel Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

[Inclosure No. 15.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 14, 1862-9 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

GENERAL: General Humphreys informs me that his effective strength this morning is but about 2,000. He lost over 1,000, he thinks. Is getting in all stragglers that he can find. He has one brigade on left of road, about where they were last night. Sykes on the right and left of road, in advance of ditch. Griffin on Sykes' left. The morning is very clear,

