
Numbers 22. Report of Colonel T. L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

JANUARY 3, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders, on the 24th ultimo, I detailed one squadron of 100 men (rank and file), under Captain John Eells, and ordered him to join the other details of the different regiments of your brigade, and proceeded in command of the whole in direction of Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan, without anything worthy of note occurring until your arrival near Chancellorsville. What occurred from this time until the time I left you to go to the valley was under your own observation and needs no comment from me; however, I will state that upon reaching the Telegraph road my advance guard, commanded by the gallant Captain Bullock, encountered a small party of the enemy, capturing several, their horses, &amp;c., but the most of them being on fresh horses effected their escape. Proceeding in the direction of Dumfries, I captured 6 four-horse and 3 tow-horse wagons, lade with sutlers' stores of every kind, and 22 Yankees, who were guarding them. On reaching Dumfries, I engaged the enemy's infantry with my sharpshooters, and, while gallantly leading his men upon the enemy, the brave and heroic Bullock fell, pierced by several wounds. Lieutenant [James P.] Bayly then making command of my sharpshooters, I ordered him across the river, which order he executed most gallantly, driving the enemy's skirmishers back upon his reserves, capturing 11 prisoners, and occupying his position until dark, when, in obedience to your order, he was withdrawn.

On the following day I was in the charge upon the enemy's cavalry, and captured several prisoners and horses, arms, &c. Pressing across the river in the face of the enemy's sharpshooters, over a narrow and rocky ford, we dashed into his camp, which, I assisted by the other regiments, destroyed.

On the 30th, I detailed 15 men and made a scout into the valley, proceeding, via Snickerville Gap, or 10 miles south of Winchester, through Smithfield, to the Bower, then considerably within the enemy's lines. Learning that Brigadier-General G. P. Cluseret had two regiments of cavalry at Winchester, and that R. H. Milroy, with the most of his command, was in or near Martinsburg guarding the railroad which is finished to this point, and that the Twelfth Pennsylvania was at the point where the Winchester pike crossed the railroad, a few miles this side of Shepherdstown, I then passed with my small party around behind his pickets (which I captured), and having learned all the facts, as above cited, from the reliable citizens, I then returned, by way of Ashby's Gap, to camp with my command. With the exception of the loss of the gallant Bullock, I returned without injury to men or horses.

It gives me pleasure to state that the conduct of my officers and men from beginning to end was most gallant and exemplary, prompt and faithful and in the loss of the intrepid Bullock I see a sad calamity which will be felt not only by his friends and comrades of his regiment, but by the entire brigade.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. ROSSER,

Colonel Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

Brigadier General FITZHUGH LEE,

Commanding.

