
Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Army, commanding Middle Military Department.

BALTIMORE, MD., January 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just received the following telegram from General Kelley:

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., January 3, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

I have just received a dispatch, dated this a.m., from Colonel Washburn, commanding at Moorefield, that he was attacked this morning. Thought there was a large force approaching him by way of Petersburg. He had withdrawn his force from the latter place, and sent his train to New Creek. I have ordered a force from New Creek to meet and protect the train. Have ordered Milroy to send a force from Winchester, to support Washburn. I fear the enemy has sent a force from Staunton down the Potomac Valley, to cut the railroad west of us. A dispatch, just received from Captain Keys, at Romney, reports cannonading this afternoon in the direction of Moorefield. Washburn has two small infantry regiments, a battery, and one company of cavalry.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

I have telegraphed General Kelley that if he thinks that now, or on the receipt of further intelligence, he must have re-enforcements, I can send him at once, from here, a regiment of infantry and a field battery. I have nothing else to spare him. I have also directed him to keep a lookout, lest the enemy approach the river or the railroad from the direction of Leesburg.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, January 4, 1863.

GENERAL: Late last night I received the following further telegram from General Kelley at Harper's Ferry:

A dispatch just received from one of Colonel Washburn's officers says they are surrounded at Moorefield by about 500 rebel cavalry, with three guns. No infantry had been sent. If this is all their force, Washburn is in no danger. Cavalry will reach him to-morrow. The movement may be a feint to cover an attack on Milroy, at Winchester. With my present information, I do not need your proffered re-enforcements.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel James A. Mulligan, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Moorefield, W. VA., January 5, 1863-3 p.m.

SIR: McNeill's cavalry this morning attacked, 4 miles distant, a small wagon train of Milroy's, guarded by a platoon of Rowan's cavalry

