
cavalry, with three pieces of artillery. Have been cannonading at intervals all day. Rumors of a large infantry force marching on us. Our trains from Petersburg, sent down the New Creek road this morning, may be in danger to-night. Can you enable us to hold and clean up this country? Oh, for the Ringgolds! I am serving with Colonel Washburn a short time. There are but 25 cavalry here, with one round of ammunition.

BARNA POWELL,

Adjutant Third West Virginia Cavalry.

General KELLEY,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General William E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,New Market, Va., January 6, 1863.

GENERAL: On the 2nd instant-with the available force of the Sixth, Seventh, and Twelfth Regiments Virginia Cavalry, the Seventeenth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, R. P. Chew's battery, the First Battalion Maryland Cavalry, the First Battalion Maryland Infantry, and the Maryland Battery-I marched on Moorefield. By a forced march with the cavalry and artillery, our destination was reached by 7 a.m. on the 3d. Hoping to overcome the force at Moorefield before the arrival of that from Petersburg, the attack was made at once. Being wholly unacquainted with the topography of the country, I trusted the placing of my artillery to Captain Harness, of the Seventeenth Battalion Virginia Cavalry, a resident of that vicinity and once a captor of the town. The hills selected on each side of the Petersburg road are so distant that our six pieces, with their defective ammunition, were no match for the two of the enemy. Nearly all our shots fell far short, while theirs either passed over or struck in our midst. In the meanwhile the force at Petersburg, timely warned of our approach, came within striking distance and opened on our rear. Though they reached us with ease, they were out of our range. The two wings of my command were too far apart for mutual support, and the ground between was swept by both batteries of the enemy. Unable to united my own forces, I could prevent the union of the enemy's. I could not expect re-enforcements in twenty-four hours; my adversaries might receive assistance from New Creek in less time. With my right wing I determined to hold my position, which commanded the road up the South Fork and prevented a junction of the two hostile forces, while Colonel R. H. Dulany should march by a road west of the Moorefield and Petersburg pike on the latter place, whence he could cross Middle Mountain to the South Fork in my rear. I retained my position about two hours, when, my battery having expended the last of its well-husbanded, worthless ammunition, and when Colonel Dulany was so far on his way as to be out of danger, I retired up the South Fork.

A part of the Seventh Virginia Cavalry captured a picket of 20 men near Moorefield early in the morning, and in the evening Colonel Dulany's command (the Sixth and Seventh Cavalry) and Chew's battery (Lieutenant J. W. Thomson commanding) captured 46 more at Petersburg. On the approach of our men, the enemy at Petersburg fired a

