HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 13, 1863.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: Your report of your expedition to Petersburg and Moorefield, on the 2nd instant, has been received. I am much gratified to hear of your success, and of the good conduct of your officers and men I wish you to continue your efforts, to watch well your opportunities, and drive the enemy from the valley, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

JANUARY 8-10, 1863.-Reconnaissance to Catllet's and Rappahannock Stations, Va., including skirmishes at Brentsville, Elk Run, etc.

LIST OF REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Major Samuel E. Chamberlain, First Massachusetts Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General William W. Averell, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY Brigadier, CENTER GRAND DIV.,January 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions sent to me by you on the 8th instant, I sent a scouting party to Catlett's Station and to Brentsville; also Major Chamberlain, with 100 men, to the Rappahannock railroad bridge, with orders to observe its condition, and, if possible, to destroy it, and Lieutenant Walker, commanding scouts, with about a dozen of his men, to reconnoiter the upper fords of the river.

The scouts to Catlett's set out on the evening of the 8th, but were driven back to the lines. They started again at daylight yesterday morning and returned to-day at 12.30 p.m., reporting that they were at Catlett's at 2 p.m. yesterday; saw no enemy going or coming; railroad had not been used. Mr. Catlett told them that none had been there since I left with my brigade, on the 1st instant, excepting a few scouts.

The scouting party of Brentsville returned at 1.45 to-day, and reported that they were at Brentsville at 2 p.m. yesterday, and found Colonel Davis, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, there with 150 men; also a party of scouts (70) of our cavalry on the road between Dumfries and that place. Major Chamberlain and Lieutenant Walker left the pickets at Hartwood at daylight yesterday morning.

At 2.25 p.m. a man who followed Lieutenant Walker's rear guard returned to the pickets and reported the whole party captured by a large force of the enemy near Deep Run. I have ordered a month's pay to be stopped against him, and shall relieve him from scouting duty Lieutenant Walker is not an officer so easily captured. I immediately sent Colonel Sergeant and 500 men to scout the Marsh road to Morrisville

