
and their position is well defined. Their troops line the stone wall and rifle-pits. What they have behind the crest on which their batteries are, the balloon ought to show. Ought not some general disposition of troops be made in houses to provide for a failure of the attacking column? I have none for this purpose, as all are in position, and those in position cannot be moved under the fire to which they will be exposed. They are very close to the enemy's line, having been placed in position after dark. I understood General Burnside that Willcox, for his attacking column, would have Captain Weed, my chief of artillery, at his disposal, and all the artillery necessary.

Very respectfully, yours,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 16.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, December 15, 1862.

1st. Until further orders, no soldiers will be passed across the bridges to Fredericksburg, unless their commands shall be upon that side of the river, or they be provided with passes from the grand division commanders, or from these headquarters.

2d. No stragglers or wounded men will be permitted to cross from Fredericksburg to the opposite side of the river who shall not be provided with such passes, or who shall not be on duty.

3d. No property stolen from and belonging to inhabitants of Fredericksburg will be crossed over the bridges.

By command of Brigadier-General Patrick, provost-marshal-general:

W. W. BECKWITH,Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure No. 17.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 15, 1862.

Major-General HOOKER,Commanding Center Grand Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the commanding general, I have the honor to reply that your report of 11.30 was satisfactory, and that he will visit your headquarters in two or three hours.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 18.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 15, 1862.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,Commanding Center Grand Division:

By direction of the general commanding, I have the honor to inform you that he disapproves of the proposition to send out a flag of truce, for the purpose of burying the dead between the picket lines of the two armies.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

