
largely on the divisions, since, the passage once effected, these batteries could be ordered to rejoin their divisions.

My orders were, therefore, to have forty-one batteries (one hundred and eighty-four guns) in position, including those already placed opposite the town (three batteries, fourteen guns). The thirty-eight batteries were formed in three divisions: Those of the left, under Brigadier-General Hays, extended from below Falmouth to the ravine occupied by our pickets, near England's house; the center, under Colonel Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery, occupied the positions extending from the Banks or Randolph house down to Hays' line; the right division, under Captain G. A. De Russy, Fourth Artillery, occupied the positions extending to the Ballard farm, above the Randolph house.

The batteries received their orders, and were put in march in full time to occupy their positions by midnight of the 20th, had they not been interfered with, as usual, by general officers who, having the rank and the power, lose sight of the general requirements of the service in executing the orders specially applying to themselves. Two of the columns were thus cut, and ordered to halt, and were halted and detained by the commands, as reported to me, of General Birney.

Notwithstanding this, Hays' batteries were all in position before day-light, except one battery, which was replaced by a similar one. It being found that his heavy 4 1/2-inch guns might not, in consequence of the storm, be in their designated position in time, their destination was changed during the night to a position which had been previously reconnoitered, which gave a wider field of fire to the guns, but had the disadvantage of a few hundred yards increased range.

Tompkins' guns were all placed in position between dawn of day and 8 a.m. De Russy's batteries were in position by 11 o'clock at night, excepting three on the extreme right, at Ballard's, which were delayed by a number of pontoons which had missed their road, and which it was difficult, with all the aid De Russy could give, to get out of his way. These batteries, however, were all in position during thee morning. They were intended as a reserve to be used only on a contingency, not very likely to happen until the movement was well advanced.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Extracts from "Record of Events", on the several returns for January, 1863.

CENTER GRAND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, COMMANDED BY Major General GEORGE G. MEADE.

January 20, the command marched, pursuant to orders from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, in the direction of Banks' Ford, on the Rappahannock; bivouacked near that point. In the evening a violent rain-storm set in, making the roads impassable for artillery and wagon trains.

January 23, received orders to return to the old camp, arriving there during the night and next day.

48 R R-VOL XXI

