
compelled to bivouac upon its banks during the night, while a temporary bridge was being constructed.

January 22, marched to Aquia Creek, which could not be crossed, owing to the high water, and the troops were again compelled to bivouac, numbers of them without any shelter, and the larger portion without any rations, their supply trains being 3 or 4 miles back.

January 23, crossed Aquia Creek and marched to Stafford Court-House and went into camp, where the division remained at the close of the month.

SECOND DIVISION.

The First Brigade and Sixth Maine Battery, of the Second Division, garrisoned the post at Dumfries, Va., with an extended picket line, during the whole month.

January 19, the Second and Third Brigades, of the Second Division, and two batteries, broke camp at Fairfax Station and marched 3 miles.

January 20, marched to Dumfries, Va., 15 miles.

January 21, progress delayed by rise in Quantico Creek, caused by heavy rains; marched between 3 and 4 miles.

January 22, returned to Quantico Creek, and again marched forward to Chopawamsic Creek, 4 miles, the roads being almost impassable.

January 23, marched to Aquia Creek; 4 miles.

January 24, marched to Stafford Court-House; 4 miles.

Numbers 4. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS,Fredericksburg, January 29, 1863.

SIR: On the 19th instant, being satisfied that General Burnside was massing the larger portion of his army in the vicinity of Hartwood Church; that his artillery and pontoon trains were moving in the same direction and that General Slocum's command was advancing from the vicinity of Fairfax toward the Rappahannock, our positions at Banks' and United States Mine Fords were strengthened and re-enforced, these being the points apparently threatened.

The movements of the enemy on the 20th confirmed the belief that an effort would be made to turn our left flank, and that Franklin's and Hooker's corps were the troops selected for that purpose. About dark that evening the rain, which had been threatening during the day, commenced to fall, and continued all night and the two following days. Whether the storm or other caused frustrated the designs of the enemy I do not know; but no attempt as yet has been made to cross the Rappahannock, and some of the enemy's have apparently resumed their former positions.

A second storm commenced before day on the 27th, and continued till this morning. The ground is covered with at least 6 inches of snow, and the probabilities are that the roads will be impracticable for some time.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond.

