
[CHAP. XXXIII.

JANUARY 22, 1863.-Skirmish in Pocahontas County, W. Va.

Report of Major Henry C. Flesher, Second West Virginia Infantry.

BEVERLY, VA., January 25, 1863.

SIR: I left here on the morning of the 20th instant, at 7 a.m., and marched to Hevener's, at Mingo, where I halted for about one hour and fed, and then pushed forward to the bridge across Greenbier River, arriving at that place at 3 o'clock Wednesday morning. I remained at the bridge until after daylight, the snow having fallen to the depth of 2 1/2 feet. I consulted with my officers, when it was determined to push forward to Cockleytown, which we entered about 11 o'clock, taking everything by surprise; but, unfortunately, the company of rebel cavalry had been out for several days scouting. I captured 4 prisoners and 8 horses, and immediately gathered up my command and returned to Gibson's, where, owing to the severe inclemency of the weather, I was compelled to find shelter for my men, it being impossible to bivouac. The enemy pursued and attacked my rear, and killed 2 enlisted men, capturing Lieutenant Rowand and 9 privates of Captain Bowen's company, 3 privates of Company G, Second Regiment West Virginia Infantry, and 2 men of Company A, First [West] Virginia Cavalry. Owing to the excessive fatigue of my horses, I was unable to make pursuit, the greater number of my horses having become barefooted. Lieutenant Rowand has been exchanged for Lieutenant McNeill, of the Confederate Army. I returned, as far as it was practicable for me to do so after going to Cockleytown, and used all prudence to prevent an attack on my rear, having detailed a rear guard of 30 men, which I remained with until after 8 o'clock at night. Lieutenant Rowand placed out guards, and made all the best defense he could, the enemy who made the attack numbering, as I am informed, about 70, under Colonel Fontaine. I have made arrangements to have my men released, and expect them to return in a few days, released unconditionally. Considering the unfavorable state of the weather, the march and exposure have been unprecedented during the war.

HENRY C. FLESHER,

Major Second Regiment West Virginia Infty., Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General A. MOOR,

Commanding Northern Brigade, Buckhannon, W. Va.

[P. S.]-The horses have been turned over to the quartermaster, and those fit for cavalry have been used to replace those given out.

JANUARY 24-26, 1863.-Scouts in Fauquier County, Va.

Reports of Colonel Louis P. Di Cesnola, Fourth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,January 24, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the scouting party I sent this morning to Rappahannock Station and Wheatley Post-Office Ford reported to me (although I think very exaggerated) great concentration

