
[CHAP. XXXIII.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,January 26 [?], 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to send you the above report of Colonel Di Cesnola. The division is ready to move at a moment's notice in case of an emergency.

I have forwarded a copy of the above report to Major-General Burnside.

Very respectfully,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division.

Brigadier-General SCHURZ,

Stafford Court-House.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Alcock, January 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet here along the line. Yesterday some infantry, 300 strong, crossed the Kellysville Ford and advanced toward Morrisville Post-Office, keeping the woods entirely. When one of my scouting parties arrived in their direction, a sharp fire received them, which caused the casualties herewith specified by the brigade surgeon.* Three men are still missing, although their horses were found in the woods, on saddle filled with blood, which may lead to the probability of [their] having been killed. I sent 50 men, under Captain Parnell, in pursuit of them as soon as I heard it, and he traced them as far as Ellis' Ford, from which they had already recrossed. Three rebel bodies were also reported lying in the woods, and some wounded rebels. I sent a doctor expressly there to see and attend to them.

Another party of infantrymen, 170 strong (reported), came down from Bristersburg road, and attacked another scouting party of mine going up that way. I re-enforced it, too, but no casualties in that direction, except 1 missing.

I also report that the forage question is always the same. My horses work all day immensely, and are, besides, obliged to march 10 and 15 miles to get some hay, or even straw, to feed them. I am sorry to report that every day horses die for want of food, and exhaustion. If a prompt remedy is not found, before the winter is half over this brigade will have no horses. I captured over 45 horses around here, and distributed among the regiments who were more in need; some to the scouts, too. I sent a strong reconnoitering party, under Captain Hanley, at daylight this morning, to Mount Holly Church, to see whether the reported concentration of rebel troops is true or not. If anything of importance should happen, I shall duly report to General Schurz, as ordered by you. The infantry was a necessity to me here.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

L. P. DI CESNOLA,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Brigadier-General STAHEL,

Commanding Eleventh Army Corps.

---------------

*One killed and 2 wounded.

---------------

