
[CHAP. XXXIII.

your trains in passing. General Bayard will co-operate, with you and move in the direction of Falmouth as fast as he is relieved by General Pleasonton. The general commanding directs that you occupy a position in the vicinity of Deep Run, opposite Richard's and United States Fords, communicating with General Franklin at Stafford Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

General Pleasonton will be instructed to communicate with you and relieve you as rapidly as possible, so that you can move down the river, covering the fords. It is not desirable that the main body of your force should be relieved before to-morrow night. General Reynolds will probably leave the brigade now with you until that time.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 16, 1862.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER, Warrenton:

GENERAL: Generals Stoneman and Whipple have been directed to move up to this place, and report to you.

General Pleasonton's headquarters are about 2 miles in advance of this place, and he will also report to you. In covering the contemplated movement, he has been directed to keep his forces well out, along the Rappahannock and Carter's Run, guarding the Waterloo, Sulphur Springs, and other fords between Waterloo and Rappahannock Station.

One of General Sumner's corps has moved beyond Warrenton Junction; the other is near Fayetteville. It is probable his whole force will move down the direct road through Morgansburg and Hartwood.

General Franklin's old corps will move in the neighborhood of Weaversville; the other will remain at Fayetteville during the day; both will move to-morrow, and you will be informed of their movements.

General Sigel will be directed to remain at New Baltimore, Gainesville, and Thoroughfare Gap until further orders. His movement from that place will be simultaneous with yours, which, I hope, will be to-morrow morning.

General Sickles will remain at Manassas Junction for the present, but will finally be ordered to report to you.

Headquarters will be at or near Catlett's to-night.

[Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 16, 1862-6 p.m.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I find from the report of the staff officers sent by me yesterday toward Stafford Court-House, that it is about 23 miles from this point to Stafford Court-House. I shall not, therefore, attempt to

