
march my command that far to-morrow, unless I find the distance overrated; but shall order them to march as far as possible in that direction, without fatiguing the men too much.

Respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SICKLES' DIVISION,November 16, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding:

GENERAL: Your telegram received. Shall I concentrate my division here, or preserve the present disposition of my force as reported on the 12th instant?

My troops now hold a line of posts from Burke's Station to Warrenton Junction, including Centreville and Fairfax Court-House. My effective strength here is 3,000 and two batteries. At Warrenton Junction I have three regiments and a battery. Perhaps these may now be withdrawn.

I shall adhere to my present disposition until further orders.

In pursuance to orders, I have reported to-day to Major-General Hooker. I shall now report in duplicate to your headquarters and to General Hooker.

Very respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MANASSAS, November 16, 1862-8.45 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Grand Division:

All quiet up to this hour. A small party of the enemy's cavalry showed themselves last evening near Fairfax Station. When pursued by a detachment of infantry from that post, they retired across the Occoquan.

Respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CENTER GRAND DIVISION,

Numbers 1. Camp near Hartwood, Va., November 16, 1862.

* * * * * *

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 184, dated Headquarters Army of the Potomac, near Warrenton, Va., November 14, 1862, the undersigned assumes command of the center grand division, composed of the Third and Fifth Army Corps.

The following officers are announced as members of his staff: Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Dickinson, assistant adjutant-general: Major William H. Lawrence, and Capts. William L. Candler, Alexander Moore, and Harry Russell, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel John S. Godfrey, quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel Albert S. Austin, commissary of subsistence, and Surg. John

