
[CHAP. XXXIII.

Moore, medical director. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

The command of the Fifth Corps is hereby transferred to the senior division commander.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding Grand Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Numbers 1. Camp near Warrenton, Va., November 16, 1862.

* * * * * * *

V. The center grand division of the Army of the Potomac will march to-morrow morning, the movement to commence at 5 a.m. The Fifth Corps will advance on the line to Warrenton Junction and encamp in the vicinity of that point, and the Third Corps by the route to Fayetteville, and will encamp at Bealeton. The corps will be marched compactly, and held well in hand for any service. All commanders are enjoined to allow of no straggling. It endangers the lives of the delinquents, while it impairs the discipline, efficiency, and character of the battalions in which it is permitted. The troops should leave supplied with rations and forage for not less than six days. Headquarters will be at Warrenton Junction to-morrow night.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT GRAND DIVISION,

Numbers 1. Weaversville, Va., November 16, 1862.

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 184, from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the left grand division.

The following named officers are announced as on the staff, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Lieutenant Colonel O. D. Greene, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Platt, assistant inspector-general and acting chief of artillery; Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Tolles, chief quartermaster; Captain S. H. Sturdevant, acting chief commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant O. E. Babcock, Corps of Engineers, chief engineer; Major M. T. McMahon, and Capts. J. P. Baker and J. C. Jackson, aides-de-camp; Captain R. A. Fish, Thirty-second New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, and Second Lieutenant D. Lyon, Seventy-seventh New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,

Numbers 1. Near Warrenton, Va., November 16, 1862.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 184, Headquarters Army of the Potomac, and General Orders, Numbers 1, center grand division, the undersigned hereby assumed command of the Fifth Army Corps.

Brigadier-General Griffin will assume command of the First Division.

The following acting staff officers are announced, and will be obeyed

