
and respected accordingly: Lieutenant Colonel N. B. Bartram, Seventeenth New York Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant H. W. Perkins, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Captain H. W. Ryder and L. H. Tucker, and Lieutenant R. L. Livingstone, acting aides-de-camp.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 16, 1862-3.10 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following is just received from General Cox, dated to-day:

Dispatch of last night received. Have waited to hear further from General Kelley. By a dispatch from his, just received, I learn that no further advance westward by the enemy has been made. He does not change his opinion that, with the aid of Milroy, whom I have sent, he can protect that line. I do not think it would be safe at present to reduce the force here. To do so would produce a stampede among the inhabitants, who have been resuming manufactures and trade, and invite a new raid here. Until at least the full rigor of winter has set in, the force ought not, in my opinion, to be further diminished. The road from Clarksburg, Va., to Gauley proved so had that Crook only reached Gauley on Wednesday last. Was not General Halleck's dispatch sent before he had received information of Milroy's movements and Milroy's departure? Milroy reached Monterey with a portion of his command before being ordered to Kelley. Under the circumstances, I will await further orders, preparing, however, to move rapidly, if the general commanding still thinks it best.

J. D. COX.

At date of last return, General Cox had in the Kanawha Valley nearly 12,000 men present, and General Kelley about 7,000. No return from Milroy. Unless the demand for increased force on the line of railroad is pressing, it would be well not to diminish the force in the valley for the present. If it is, I should think Crook's command, of about 4,500, might be spared without much risk.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, [November 16,] 1862.

(Received at Charleston, [W. Va.,] November 16.)

Major-General COX:

I shall stop all of Milroy's troops at New Creek Station for the present, as at that point I intend to make my stand against Jackson's force if he attempts to go into Western Virginia. I have during the past summer erected a good fortification there, which, together with its natural advantages, makes it a strong position. The Northwestern road passes within 6 miles of the point, and it is only 7 miles to where it crosses Knobly Mountain, through a narrow pass which we hold. There are two roads leading west from Winchester by which the enemy may approach me, one the Northwestern turnpike, through Romney, the other by way of Bloomery Gap; but west of New Creek there is only one, viz, the Northwestern pike. I do not apprehend that the enemy will go west over that road without first disposing of my force at New Creek Station, lest I should cut off his rear. Should I deem it neces-

