
[CHAP. XXXIII.

sary or advisable to move any portion of my force at New Creek to Cumberland, or points on the railroad farther east, I have the cars in readiness to move at once to threatened points. By reference to the map you will see the distance from Romney to New Creek Station is less than at Cumberland and New Creek Station is less than 23 miles from Cumberland. Scouts report the enemy in camp, as last reported to you, west and north of Winchester. The trains are yet making regular trips as far east as Hancock.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 17, 1862.

Major-General MORRELL, Hagerstown, Md.:

My telegram placed you in command of all the forces in the vicinity of Harper's Ferry and the Upper Potomac. General Burnside was notified of this order. In directing you to co-operate with the forces in Western Virginia, it was not intended to direct your movement upon any one point, by merely to inform you that you were to use all these troops against the enemy wherever he might appear. You are charged with the defense of that line, and will be held responsible for the result. You will keep me advised of your own movements, and of those of the enemy, so far as you can ascertain them. I would call your particular attention to the security of the railroad bridges across the Monocacy.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 17, 1862-11 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have just returned from Aquia Creek. Some stores were on transports yesterday afternoon, ready to be landed at Belle Plain. Several companies of the Engineer Brigade on transports are probably now ashore.

The wharf at Aquia is not entirely burned, but is worse where the track was laid. I have ordered the track to be moved over, and reconstructed on the side least damaged. Cars and engines will be loaded immediately, and sent to Aquia to be unloaded as soon as the track will bear their weight. Eight small cars will be sent to-day, landed by lighters, loaded with tents, tools, and rations, pushed by hand to the broken bridge, and accompanied by carpenters with escort of engineer troops, to have bridges repaired, if possible, by the time cars and engines are landed and put on track. As soon as bridges are repaired, and even five or six cars landed, we will begin to run in supplies to Falmouth, to relieve wagons to that extent, and increase daily. The construction of a floating wharf, or new pike wharf, at Aquia is not a question for present consideration, when time is so much of an object. No new construction could be made in double the time required for repairs of former structure.

A machine-shop will be extemporized at Aquia by sending lathes, planer, portable, small tools, and shafting. Army forges will furnish smith-shops.

HAUPT.

