
NOVEMBER 17, 1862-4.40 p.m.

Captain BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Engineer Brigade:

CAPTAIN: I shall start all the most important part of my train at 10 a.m. to-morrow, whether the teams are ready for the balance of the train or not. The only delay now is in getting the harness for the new horses, and the drivers. I have sent an officer to Alexandria for the drivers. I sent forty-eight boats by water.

I. SPAULDING,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION,

November 17, 1862.

General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Reynolds was here this morning, and his column is in motion. Colonel Karge, with his regiment and one squadron of the Harris Light [Cavalry] and a section of artillery, started, two hours ago, down the river. I have the Maine cavalry stationed at the intersection of the Freeman's Ford road with the one from this place to Fayetteville, supporting two squadrons of the Harris Light Cavalry, picketing Freeman's, Lawson's, and Fox's Fords, Beverly, and a private ford. Nolan's and Kelly's Fords are strongly picketed by the Pennsylvania cavalry and the Tenth New York Cavalry. I have only two squadrons of cavalry here. Everything is quiet in front. I lost 7 men yesterday, instead of 20; the rest made too good time for the enemy.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Warrenton, November 17, 1862.

General BAYARD:

The commanding general directs that you move one of the strongest regiments and section of artillery at once to join General Sumner, at Falmouth, where he will probably be to-night. Move without unnecessary baggage. The wagons will follow with your main command. The commanding officer of the party will communicate with the guards of the different fords, and report results to General Sumner, the movement to be made as rapidly as possible. Please communicate this dispatch to General Reynolds.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, November 17, 1862.

General BAYARD:

You will destroy the bridge when you leave. Did General Reynolds receive the order sent through you last night? Have you sent the party down the Rappahannock? What have you new? Please telegraph fully. Has General Reynolds started? Send word to him that Willcox will be at Morgansburg to-night.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

