
[CHAP. XXXIII.

STAFFORD STORE,

November 17, 1862-11.45 a.m.

Major General J. G. PARKE:

General Smith's head of column has just arrived here. Captain West has returned from Stafford Court-House, and reports the direct road from here there as just practicable; advises not to send wagons by that route. I shall, therefore, to-morrow send the wagons of Smith's corps, and one division of his infantry and all of his artillery, except one battery, by the good road, which is longer and goes through Aquia. The two divisions of infantry (Newton's and Brooks'), with one battery, go by the direct road through Garrisonville. My headquarters are about 2 1/2 miles beyond this point, on the road to Aquia, which will be a good place for you, I understand. Please inform me of General Reynolds' position for to-night. Captain Jackson, aide-de-camp, will await any orders.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,November 17, 1862-11.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Center Grand Division:

COLONEL: A contraband just in, who left Strasburg last Thursday, states that D. H. Hill's corps was 2 miles beyond that place, on the railroad to Mount Jackson. Hill was tearing up the road and destroying the bridges. The rebels thought we intended following them in that valley. D. H. Hill was en route to Staunton. Jackson's corps was between Strasburg and Winchester; Ewell and A. P. Hill were with Jackson. Provisions were scarce, and the rebels were obliged to move to get them. My pickets on the Orleans road have been attacked this morning by Stuart's cavalry. I have sent out re-enforcements. They have also attacked me on the Waterloo road; nothing serious, however. No enemy in sight at Sulphur Springs. I have sent half a regiment to Fayetteville, to guard the fords. Averell's brigade will cover the road behind the Fifth Corps, in the direction of Warrenton Junction. The Second Brigade will take the Fayetteville road. I shall move with this latter brigade. My headquarters to-night will be near the junction with the Warrenton Junction road.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Numbers 2. Warrenton Junction, Va., November 17, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. The march will be continued to-morrow. The Fifth Corps will march at 6 o'clock, in the direction of Hartwood, by two routes, via Weaversville and Elk Run, in such order as the brigadier-general commanding may direct, and will encamp in the vicinity of the Spotted Tavern.

Brigadier-General Stoneman will march by the most direct route, and

