
encamp near Morrisville Post-Office. If he should learn that the fords of the Rappahannock are held by an infantry force not belonging to his command, he will give the necessary orders for them to be withdrawn, when his trains shall have passed. Each column will keep up its communication with Brigadier-General Pleasonton's cavalry, which is covering its rear.

Headquarters to-morrow night will be at the junction of the Falmouth and Fredericksburg stage road and Bristersburg road, below Spotted Tavern.

By command of Major General Joseph Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Numbers 113. Gainesville, Va., November 17, 1862.

I. The Third Division will be stationed at Centreville. The division will leave Gainesville at 7 a.m. to-morrow, and march to Centreville.

II. The Second Division will be stationed near Germantown, between the Ox road and Little River turnpike, at or near the toll-gate. General Steinwehr's (Second) division will follow the Third Division at 9 a.m. to-morrow, and encamp on Cub Run to-morrow night; break camp at 7 a.m. on the 19th, and march to its destination.

III. The First Division will be stationed at Chantilly, and march as follows: The First Brigade will leave Aldie at 7 a.m. to-morrow, and march to Chantilly. The Second Brigade will leave Hopewell Gap at 6 a.m., and march, by way of Sudley's Springs, to the other side of the stone bridge, where it will encamp for the night, and march the next day to Chantilly. The cavalry will cover the movements of this corps, by having strong pickets established at Aldie, Hopewell, and Thoroughfare Gaps, Buckland Mills, and Greenwich by daylight, which pickets will be withdrawn toward afternoon. General Stahel will establish cavalry pickets toward Leesburg, Aldie, Hopewell Gap, and Gainesville, on the arrival of the different divisions within their respective camps.

IV. The detachments of the Second and Third Divisions will leave Greenwich, New Baltimore, and Thoroughfare Gap at 5 a.m. precisely, and concentrate at Gainesville, where the senior officer will take command, and follow the rear of the Second Division; encamp for the night on this side of the stone bridge; break camp at 8 a.m. the next day, and join their respective divisions.

V. The train of the Third Division will follow its division. The train of the Second Division will follow that of the Third, the Second Division falling in behind its train. The trains of the First Division will precede their different brigades, under proper detachments. Wagon-masters are made responsible for any failure on their part to comply with this order.

VI. Commanders of divisions will see that no straggling and pilfering is allowed, and that the attention of the troops is called to General Orders, Numbers 159, Headquarters of the Army of the Potomac, and General Orders, Numbers 34, from these headquarters, on the march. Suitable provost-marshal guards will follow the rear of the different regiments, brigades, and divisions.

VII. All troops must be provided with two days' rations in their haversacks.

