
[CHAP. XXXIII.

VIII. Headquarters of this corps will be to-morrow night at Fairfax Court-House, where they will remain, unless otherwise ordered.

IX. Telegraphic communications will be established from Fairfax Court-House to Centreville.

X. The signal officers attached to this corps will establish a line from Fairfax Court-House to the headquarters of the Second Division, and from there to Chantilly.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, [November 17,] 1862.

Major-General COX:

The following is from Major-General Halleck, in reply to a dispatch from me, viz:

I think General Cox understands* the danger on the railroad, especially in the vicinity of Altamont, Romney, &amp;c. He should, therefore, send all the forces he can spare from the Kanawha Valley to Parkersburg, and thence east to the points of danger. In the mean time Kelley and Milroy should also move east.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.

I do not understand the country well enough to speak positively, but think that Crook's division might be spared if a strong position at Gauley were taken up with the remainder of the force, particularly as the season of bad roads is at hand, when the enemy cannot come is strong force. Answer.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, [W. VA.,] November 17, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Chief of Staff, Cincinnati:

In reply to the general's of to-day, the danger in this valley arises chiefly from the power of the enemy to turn a force at Gauley, by way of Logan and Boone Court-Houses. The difficulty in getting up supplies, on account of low water, prevents getting such a stock at Gauley that they could afford to have communications interrupted. Hence the present necessity of keeping force enough to guard communications, especially as we have rumors of Marshall and Floyd trying to come that way. Withdrawing Crook would leave the valley in a critical position. Kelley is farther east than General Halleck seems to suppose. He has, with Milroy, some 14,000 men between Grafton and Cumberland. That country is no easier of approach than this. My judgment is that no part of the force here can be spared at present without bad results, and that the present is the best arrangement of the force we have; consequently I am embarrassed by a discretionary order to move any. With this statement, I must beg the general commanding to decide whether a movement shall be made.

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*This word in original is "underrates."

---------------

