
after the passage is effected. The artillery ammunition train of the grand divisions will be assembled in the neighborhood of their respective crossing places, and placed under the charge of an officer, who will report the locality to the commandant of artillery who covers the crossing. Captain De Russy at United States Ford; Colonel Tompkins at Banks' Ford, and General Hays at Falmouth. The general requests that you will please reiterate the orders in reference to a careful expenditure of ammunition. No battery wagon or forge will cross the river with the troops.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

[Same to Franklin and Hooker.]

[Inclosure No. 23.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 19, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Major-General SIGEL,Stafford Court-House:

The commanding general directs that your order a division to be distributed as follows, with its headquarters at Potomac Creek Station: One brigade, with artillery, to guard Potomac Run railroad bridge and Brooke's Station bridge; one brigade at Aquia Creek Landing, for defense and to furnish details for fatigue duty; one brigade at Belle Plain, relieving, as early as possible to-morrow morning, the troops of General Franklin at the two landings. Order one division to extend from Maria Church to Hartwood Church, with its headquarters at the first-named point. Order General Slocum, who is now under orders to Dumfries, to bring all of his corps, except the garrison at Wolf Run Shoals and Dumfries, to Stafford Court-House; the garrison at Wolf Run Shoals to be brought down as soon as relieved by the troops of General Heintzelman. You will locate your headquarters as you may deem proper, and establish outposts of infantry and cavalry in the direction of Stafford Springs and Deep Run; at the same time send scouting parties as far as Brentsville, Catlett's, Rappahannock Station, and the fords on the Rappahannock. We have information that Hampton's cavalry is between the Rapidan and the Rappahannock. The telegraph should be constructed to your headquarters as soon as possible.

Respectfully, yours,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 24.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 19, 1863.

Major-General FRANKLIN,Commanding Left Grand Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that Major-General Sigel has been ordered to furnish details from his command to relieve your troops now on duty at Aquia Creek and Belle Plain, the two landings. They are expected to arrive early to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

