
[CHAP. XXXIII.

sance to-morrow, which will be indicated to you. General Franklin occupies Stafford Court-House and General Sumner occupied Falmouth and vicinity. Headquarters will be at Falmouth or on the road to Stafford Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-By your next messenger will you please give us the latest information from Pleasonton?
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,One mile east of Bealeton,

November 18, 1862-3.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Center Grand Division:

COLONEL: On my arrival at Bealeton, General Bayard informed me I was to relieve his command at Rappahannock Station in guarding the fords in that vicinity. I accordingly sent one regiment (the Eighth New York) to do that duty, and cover the river road as far as Morrisville. My pickets at the different fords report the enemy's pickets on the opposite side of the river, but in rear. None of the enemy have been seen since the skirmish yesterday at Waterloo and on the road to Orleans. I have directed General Averell to cover the Fifth Corps with his brigade on both the roads it was to follow as far as Hartwood. My command is very much in need of forage, none having been furnished by the Government for several days, and the country we are passing through is pretty well cleaned out.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Numbers 3. Camp near Spotted Tavern, Va., Nov. 18, 1862.

The Fifth Corps will march to and encamp in the vicinity of Hartwood to-morrow. The Third Corps will march and encamp at or near Brick Church. Brigadier-General Stoneman will send instructions for the bridge at Rappahannock Station to be completely destroyed, unless otherwise ordered by the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, and for the troops now there to proceed to join their respective commands. Headquarters to-morrow night will be at Hartwood.

By command of Major General Joseph Hooker.

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, Va., November 18, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The troops of this corps will be in the following positions to-day: The First Division, General Stahel, at Chantilly; the Third Division,

