
General Schurz, at Centreville; the Second Division, General Steinwehr, between Chantilly and Germantown, prepared to march to Chantilly or Centreville, and guarding the lines toward Hunter's Mills and Vienna; the cavalry toward Gainesville, Aldie, and Leesburg; headquarters of the corps at Fairfax Court-House. It is reported by a good scout that the rebel General Early, with 9,000 men, is opposite Shepard's Mill, behind the Shenandoah, and General Mackall [McLaws?], with 9,000 men, opposite Ashby's Gap. Jackson himself was, three days ago, at Berryville. Munford's cavalry and a part of Stuart's cavalry are with them, and came yesterday as far as New Baltimore, Rectortown, and Middleburg.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

(Same to Halleck.)

FAIRVIEW STATION, MD.,

November 18, 1862.

Captain S. T. CUSHING,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I am informed upon good authority that one regiment of rebel cavalry came into Martinsburg last night, and five regiments of infantry are 2 miles from there. My informant passed through their lines last night. A large force of rebels are reported coming this way. Refugees that went into Virginia yesterday are returning in haste to-day.

N. DANIELS,

Signal Officer.
HDQRS. PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA, ADJT. General 'S DEPT.,Harrisburg, November 18, 1862.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Camp near Warrenton, Va.:

GENERAL: Your communication to Governor Curtin of 13th instant, transmitting, by directions of Major-General Burnside, "a statement showing number of recruits required at the present time to fill up the Pennsylvania regiments of volunteers serving with the Army of the Potomac, "has been received. The filling up of all the old regiments from this State has ever been regarded by His Excellency as a matter of so great importance to the service that he has suggested various plans for its accomplishment.

With this view, he submitted to the President, in September last, a proposition that the reserve corps of Pennsylvania might, for a brief period, be retired from active duty, and permitted to return to the State. The enthusiasm with which the remnant of this gallant band would have been received throughout the State, he believed could not have failed in rapidly filling its decimated ranks.

A similar suggestion for the retirement, as they could be spared, fall the other Pennsylvania regiments, ten at a time, and meanwhile to supply their places in the field with new regiments, was at the same time submitted. These views of His Excellency did not, however, meet with a favorable response from Washington, and we were left to rely upon what might be accomplished by the system of recruiting prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 105. This system having been peremptorily discontinued on the 3rd day of April last, by General Orders, Numbers 33, and all the recruit

