
[CHAP. XXXIII.

ing details from regiment recalled from duty at the stations to which they had been assigned, although it was afterward, by General Orders, Numbers 60, restored, and the regimental details doubled by General Orders, Numbers 88, has never recovered its original efficiency. The plan proposed by the War Department of filling up the old regiments with our drafted militia may have suggested the preparations of the statement which your letter covers; but this method, you may not have been advised, having been found to be so entirely at variance with the regulations of the War Department governing the draft and with the constitutional provision and laws of the State, has very wisely been revoked by the Department . It was then hoped that the antipathy of many to entering the service as drafted men would have resulted in the enlistment of large numbers in the old regiments; but the inducement of advance pay and bounty having been cut off by an order of the Department, the loss of this valuable consideration to men of limited means, drafted from their families on notice too short to admit of their making necessary provision for them, has too short to admit of their making necessary provision for them, has greatly reduced this class of recruits; whilst General Orders, Numbers 162, providing for enlistment in the regular army of 10 men from every volunteer company in service, whether full or, unfortunately, reduced to even 20 men, is, we fear, calculated to greatly retard the recruitment of the volunteer regiments.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General of Pennsylvania.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, November 18, 1862.

Major General JACOB D. COX, Charleston, W. Va.:

Your three dispatches just received. I had supposed Marshall to be at Abingdon. His force did not exceed 3,000; all raw troops. Floyd's strength and whereabouts now known, but he is believed to have only a small force. Your communications must be guarded, of course, and if you continue of the opinion that there is danger by way of Logan and Boone, your force may not be too large. So long, therefore, as there is danger from that direction, you will not diminish your force.

XLI* wet and rainy.

WRIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Falmouth, November 19, 1862.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Center Grand Division:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find copies of new directions given to Generals Pleasonton and Bayard.+ the general assignments of cavalry brigades will be made to-morrow or next day. The commanding general directs me to inform you that you can keep your command in its present position, or move it 2 or 3 miles this side, if you can find better ground and water. In the course of two or three days the general propose to move you to a point on the Falmouth and Stafford Court-House road, at which point you can draw supplies from the railroad, at Potomac

---------------

*Cipher letters.

+Not found; but see orders to General Bayard, November 16-17, pp. 759,765.

---------------

