
Ellis'; one regiment and a section supporting this force at Morrisville. This point here is about 5 miles from Morrisville. I have sufficient forage for to-night. General Averell was instructed to cover the Fifth Corps to-day, and encamp in its rear, picketing all the roads well out.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

ENGINEER WORK-SHOP, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA,

November 19, 1862-5 p.m.

Brigadier General D. P. WOODBURY,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

SIR: In obedience to your order, per Lieutenant Hassler, I sent barge Three Brothers with 20 pontoon wagons to Belle Plain to-day at 1 p.m., and I now send another barge with 12 more pontoon wagons, in charge of Lieutenant Johnson, who will deliver this. I also send 4 prisoners, stragglers picked up about camp, drunk, belonging to the Fifteenth New York Volunteer Engineers, whom Lieutenant Johnson will deliver as you may direct.

Very respectfully,

O. E. HINE,

Captain 50th New York Vol. Engrs., in Charge of Engineer Property.

CUMBERLAND, November 19, 1862-10.50 p.m.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, [W. Va.:]

I think there is no danger to be apprehended from an attack on any of the garrisons left by Milroy; nevertheless they are cautioned to be vigilant and watchful. We have had a drizzling rain for the last twenty-four hours, but I fear we will not have much of a rise in the river. The roads are good, and never get very muddy in the valley of the Upper Potomac. I am now strongly impressed with the belief that Jackson will not attempt a movement toward Western Virginia, and, if he does, he cannot subsist a force that would be required to drive me back. I feel that I am fully able to protect the railroad, and to prevent a raid on Western Virginia. My scouts report nothing new from below to-day.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

FALMOUTH, VA.,

November 20, 1862-10.30 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Sent dispatches by General S. Williams to-day, and will report by cipher as soon as telegraph reaches here. It is now within 4 miles of this place.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

