
[CHAP. XXXIII.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 20, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Eleventh Army Corps, Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

While occupying a position for the defense of Washington you will report to General Heintzelman. This will not interfere with any reports which General Burnside, may have directed you to make to him. General Burnside is in general command of all the forces in Virginia and Washington, and General Heintzelman, as his subordinate, in the immediate command of the defense of Washington.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CENTREVILLE, November 20, 1862.

Major-General SIGE:

According to the statements of a paroled prisoner of the One hundred and twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was taken at Warrenton Junction at 2 p.m. yesterday, General Stuart was there with about 800 cavalry, following the movements of our army. The prisoner passed through Warrenton, where he saw about 80 men, and slept at Buckland Mill, where he did not see any; nor did he find or hear of any at Gainesville and Groveton this morning. He will report to you this afternoon or evening.

C. SCHURZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Deep Run, November 20, 1862-8 a.m.

Major-General PARKE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday just received. My pickets are now as high as Kemper's Ford, with the road to Kelly's Ford picketed. I have one regiment and section of artillery at Morrisville, some 5 miles from here, covering the extreme rear and supporting the reserves at the upper fords. I have directed General Averell, who is on the other road, to picket the Catlett, Brentsville, and Dumfries roads. My headquarters are on the west side of Deep Run, 4 miles from Hartwood, on the Bealeton road. The enemy has not been seen on the Bealeton road since they attacked the Sixth Cavalry at Sulphur Springs two days ago. Their pickets are observed at the different fords on the opposite side.

I find there are two classes of white people in this country-the poor class and the wealthy or aristocratic class. The poor ones are very bitter against the others; charge them with bringing on the war, and are always willing to show where the rich ones have did their grain, fodder, horses, &amp;c. Many of them tell me it is a great satisfaction to that to see us help ourselves from the rich stores of their neighbors. In one house I found seven women and a lot of children, but no men. The husbands of the seven were in the Southern army-had been drafted, so they said.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

