
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp near Falmouth, Va., November 20, 1862.

The commanders of grand divisions will direct that their chief quartermasters and chief commissaries commence at once the accumulation of grain and small commissary stores sufficient for a twelve days' supply. These officers will also be directed to send by an orderly, by 9 o'clock each evening, a report to the chiefs of the departments at these headquarters of the approximate amount of these stores they may have on hand.

The commanding general calls the attention of the commanders of grand divisions to the importance of the reduction of personal baggage to the limits indicated in previous orders. The commanding general relies upon the commanders of these divisions to enforce this and whatever other measures may be necessary to enable the command to march rapidly and on an hour's notice.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officer right, left, and center grand divisions, General Ingalls, and Colonel Clarke.)

EIGHT MILES FROM FALMOUTH, VA.,

November 20, 1862.

Colonel STAGER:

The rebels have taken down all the wire in the vicinity of Falmouth. The line from Aquia to Falmouth is all taken down, with the glasses. Also the line toward Kelly's Ford is down for 6 miles. Don't know how far it is gone toward Washington, but is is 10 miles gone. We had not occupied Fredericksburg at 8 o'clock this morning. A regiment and a half of cavalry was seen there yesterday, and two batteries are visible on the hill. Just heard some firing, but have no news from headquarters yet.

CALDWELL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF WASHINGTON,

Numbers 34. November 20, 1862.

In conformity with orders from the War Department, dated November 19, 1862, I hereby assume command of the District of Columbia as military governor.

JOHN H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 20, 1862-2.45 p.m.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing new; all quiet below. Major Linton, at Cherry Run, reports that a Union man came into his camp to-day, and reports Jackson's troops getting ready to make into Maryland, to cross at Williamsport. I am inclined to believe that the rumor has been put forth as a ruse to cover a movement toward Burnside's rear.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

