
[Inclosure No. 25.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 20, 1863-1 a.m.

Major-General SUMNER,Commanding Right Grand Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to request you to hold your command in readiness to move at an early hour on the morning of the 21st. Copies of orders given Major-Generals Franklin, Hooker, and Sigel will be given you to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 26.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 20, 1863-11.45 p.m.

Major General E. V. SUMNER,Commanding Right Grand Division:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find instructions given to the generals commanding the other two grand divisions, all of which explain themselves. The Ninth Army Corps will not be required to move at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning, as designated by my previous orders, but will be in readiness to move as soon as orders are received. I will see you at your headquarters at a very early hour to-morrow morning. When the Ninth Corps moves, it should follow the road in rear of Couch's corps. Mr. Cushing, of your staff, is conversant with the roads. The probable time which it will be required to start will be 6.30 o'clock. I have placed all the cavalry at these headquarters at the disposal of General Pleasonton, and have instructed him to keep his command in hand, ready to start at a moment's notice, subject to your orders or my own.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 20, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Left Grand Division:

GENERAL: Your place of crossing will be at a point just below Banks' Ford, over the pontoon bridges to be constructed by General Woodbury. The commanding general directs that you will please have one division of your command ready to accompany an aide-de-camp of General Woodbury, who will report to you at 11 a.m. to-day, and will conduct it to a place of bivouac for the night. This division will assist in getting the pontoons down to the river, under the direction of an engineer officer, at an early hour to-morrow, and then will be thrown across the river in pontoons, with a view to holding the opposite bank while the two bridges are being built. The remainder of your command will please move in such manner as to have the head of your column at the place of crossing at 7.30 o'clock to-morrow morning, and have them so concentrated as to have a continuous column crossing the bridge. If we succeed in crossing, you will please move your command with a view to seizing the heights immediately above the crossing and holding the Fall Hill road, which leads from Fredericksburg, in front of Dr. Taylor's

