
WAR DEPARTMENT, U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS,

Washington, D. C., November 21, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

SIR: Inclosed please find copy of telegram sent Major-General Burnside this morning, which will give you some information of the condition of matters at Aquia Creek.

Yours, very respectfully,

H. HAUPT,

In Charge Construction and Operation U. S. Military Railroads.

[Inclosure.]

NOVEMBER 21, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

This evening we hope to land an engine and a few cars at Aquia. The track which was torn up has been relaid, and Accokeek Bridge reconstructed. On Monday cars can move to Potomac Creek, where a depot can be made. I would suggest the propriety of setting a force at work, in advance, to improve the wagon road between Potomac Creek and Falmouth. When we commence running I propose to continue day and night, as fast as cars can ben unloaded and returned, increasing the rolling-stock by fresh arrivals daily. The bridge at Potomac Run is more seriously damaged than was at first represented. With a good supply of material, four days would make it passable; but we have no facilities for hauling lumber; oxen cannot now be procured. We will do the best we can to get trains to Falmouth in the shortest time possible. Until then we must wagon from Belle Plain and Potomac Creek.

H. HAUPT.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS,Potomac Creek, November 21, 1862.

General D. P. WOODBURY:

GENERAL: The barge Three Brothers reported here this afternoon, with pontoon wagons, &amp;c. I ordered the captain to keep it out in the stream. We have now two permanent wharves finished, and three others made with pontoons. Wagons coming in and being loaded rapidly. No wagon has been detained for the want of stores, and all the commissary stores, with the exception of two canal barge loads, put ashore.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. A. MAGRUDER,

Major, Commanding.

[P. S.]-Lieutenant Slosson examined the road from the old dock you pointed out yesterday, and reports that there is quite a good road from the dock to the main road, but says the water is so shallow it will require a long wharf to land stores.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Deep Run, November 21, 1862-9.30 a.m.

Major-General PARKE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: There has been no signs of the enemy in our rear, and only a few cavalry pickets at the fords. On several of the roads lead

