
ditions herein named as to matters within the town. But the latter authorities inform us that, while their troops will not occupy the town, they will not permit yours to do so.*

You must be aware that there will not be more than three or four hours of daylight within the sixteen hours given by you for the removal of the sick and wounded the women and children, the aged and infirm from this place; and I have to inform you that, while there is no railroad transportation accessible to the town, because of the interruption thereof by your batteries, all other means of transportation within the town are so limited, as to render the removal of the classes of persons spoken of, within the time indicated, an utter impossibility.

I have convened the council, which will remain in session awaiting any further communications you may have to make.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. SLAUGHTER,

Mayor.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT GRAND DIVISION,Camp near Falmouth, November 21, 1862.

Mayor and Common Council of Fredericksburg, Va.:

Your letter of this afternoon is at hand, and, in consideration of your pledges that the acts complained of shall cease, and that your town shall not be occupied by any of the enemy's forces, and your assertion that a lack of transportation renders it impossible to remove the women, children, sick, wounded, and aged, I am authorized to say to you that our batteries will not open upon your town at the hour designated.

General Patrick will meet a committee or representative from your town to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock, at the Lacy house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 185. Camp near Falmouth, Va., November 21, 1862.

Vacancies having occurred in several of the staff departments, by the absence of their former chiefs, the following officers are appointed to fill them, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Major General John G. Parke, chief of staff; Captain R. S. Williamson, Topographical Engineers; Lieutenant C. B. Comstock, Engineer Corps, and Lieutenant D. W. Flagler, Ordnance Department.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 326. Camp near Falmouth, Va., November 21, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. The following assignments of troops are announced, and will be carried into effect with as little delay as practicable; Pleasonton's cav-

---------------

*See Lee to Cooper, November 22, 1862, p. 1026.

---------------

50 R R-VOL XXI

