
[CHAP. XXXIII.

alry brigade to the right grand division; Bayrd's cavalry brigade to the left grand division, and Averell's cavalry brigade to the center grand division.

All detachments of cavalry serving with corps, divisions, brigades, &amp;c., will at once rejoin their respective commands.

Detachments whose regiments are not brigaded will report for instructions to the chief of cavalry at these headquarters.

Each cavalry command will, in addition to those heretofore supplied, furnish a copy of its tri-monthly consolidated morning to the office of the chief of cavalry, and will keep that office constantly advised of its condition, efficiency, and wants.

Commanders of cavalry will at once take measures to decrease the personal baggage, and to put their commands in readiness to move at an early moment.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Numbers 7. Camp at Hartwood, Va., November 21, 1862.

The center grand division will march to-morrow morning in the direction of the crossing of Potomac Creek by the Aquia Railroad, and encamp near that point. The march will be at the times named, and over the following routes:

Butterfield's corps will commence the movement at 7 o'clock, and over the route lying to the left of the Falmouth road.

The First Division of Stoneman's corps will move at 8 o'clock, by the Falmouth road. The Second Division, by the same route, will march the day following.

If the ground is favorable, Butterfield's corps will be encamped on the west side of the railroad, and Stoneman's on the east, and both corps on the south side of Potomac Creek.

After having left a sufficient force to perform the picket duty required by instructions of this date, Averell's cavalry brigade will march by either route, as soon as cleared, and until further orders will be encamped on Potomac Creek, on the west side of the railroad.

Headquarters to-morrow night will be in the immediate vicinity of the camp.

By command of Major General Joseph Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[CHARLESTON, W. Va., November 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General MILROY, New Creek:

Your dispatch of yesterday, with General Cluseret's plan, received. It is thought important at army headquarters, Washington, that your forces should remain in conjunction with Kelley's for the present. Movements are in progress east which will change all the conditions of the problem here. It is out of the question to get more force here, whether cavalry or infantry. A large portion has been removed from the district. Instead of adding to it, the probability is that, after winter has fully set in, a still greater reduction will be made. Your staff departments

