
determined, after bridging the Occoquan to get my wagons and horses across, to put all my bridge material in the river, and tow it to Belle Plain. I have sent to Alexandria for a steamer for that purpose. If the steamer gets here in time, I hope to get the train to Belle Plain to-morrow evening. I sent 58 boats, with a complete outfit, to Belle Plain by water, and I believe General Woodbury sent down a small number of pontoon wagons. I shall also take as many pontoon wagons on the raft as I can, so that, if horses and harness can be sent to me at Belle Plain by day after to-morrow morning, I can move the bridge to Fredericksburg and build it at once. My own horses, and part of the wagons, will proceed by land, but will not probably get through before the evening of the 25th instant.

Very respectfully,

I. SPAULDING,

Major Fiftieth New York Engineers, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 22, 1862.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have your dispatch of last night. The inclosed note has been just received. It seems, therefore, that the train is all right so far. I sent out another party last evening, which has not returned, and will send out any assistance that the parties sent report as necessary.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HALF-WAY BETWEEN DUMFRIES AND OCCOQUAN,

On the road to Alexandria, Va., November 21, 1862-5 p.m.

General FRANKLIN, Stafford Court-House:

GENERAL: The pontoon train commenced crossing the Occoquan this morning. I am within 5 miles of the Occoquan, but no pontoon train has been met with. I send this as the first news from one train. I shall continue moving until I meet the train.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. TAYLOR,

Captain First Maine Cavalry, Commanding Battalion.

SOMERVILLE, November 22, 1862.

General CROOK:

A scout of Captain Ramsey's has just come in from near Blue Sulphur. He reports McCausland's regiment of infantry and about 1,000 cavalry making preparation to attack this point. We need some cavalry for scouts, as we have no serviceable horses.

P. P. LANE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

