
[CHAP. XXXIII.

SOMERVILLE, November 23, 1862.

General CROOK:

Dispatch of to-day received. I will leave to-morrow morning. Will leave a mounted man here. Shall I provide pack horses? Captain Fury pronounces a movement to the right of Troy impossible, but thinks a left and circuitous route can possibly be made to answer. We will be on time, and will endeavor not to disappoint you in any part of the programme.

P. P. LANE,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Ohio Regiment.

Washington, November 23, 1862-12. 20 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

You are aware that I telegraphed from your quarters in Warrenton to General Woodbury, to send the pontoon trains to Aquia Creek. Immediately on my return I saw him myself, to urge them forward. He left for Aquia Creek with his brigade, to report to you; he is there under your command. If there has been any unnecessary delay, call him to an account.

There has been no delay at these headquarters in ordering as you requested.

There has been no delay at these headquarters in ordering as you requested.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Brooke's Station, November 23, 1862.

Captain O. E. HINE,

Fiftieth Regiment [New York Engineers]:

General Woodbury desires you to send to Belle Plain, as soon as practicable, 30 pontoons and 12 pontoon wagons; the pontoons to be sent in charge of Captain Smalley and his company, who will land at Aquia Creek, if practicable, and report to Lieutenant-Colonel Pettes. The pontoons and wagons to be delivered to Major Magruder, at Belle Plain.

Very respectfully,

H. W. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

November 23, 1862.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Henry Dewey, Eighth U. S. Infantry, paroled prisoner, who came from Richmond, reports the following: Saw in Richmond the conscripts going out with tools to work on fortifications; 400 went out at one time. Also saw fifteen siege guns on their way out of the city, on trucks, drawn by ten or twelve horses, passing through the street he was on. People said that they were prepared in front and rear to receive us. Left Richmond on the 16th of this month. Saw about 12,000 infantry between Culpeper and the Rappahannock, and railroad trains, full of provisions, coming from Gordonsville for Culpeper. He arrived at Warrenton last Thursday. On that day Hampton's Legion, 2,200 infantry, with four pieces of artillery, came into Warrenton by the Sperryville road. He

