
left Warrenton on Friday morning, and took the road to Salem, where he arrived last night. Says that the inhabitants expected Jackson that night, and that they prepared food for his soldiers. They say Jackson will march to Warrenton, in the rear of Burnside. He also spoke at Salem with Lieutenant Halleck, a nephew, as he says, of the commanding general. The lieutenant belongs to Stuart's cavalry; is wounded in the arm, and was hidden in Salem, in Maddock's house. Dewey is a reliable man. HE was orderly with General Lyon, in Missouri, and is known to me from that time. I will send him to your headquarters to-morrow morning. I have received no further news from Centreville and Chantilly. All is quiet along Bull Run. The block-houses are already under construction.

F. SIGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copies to Generals Burnside and Hooker.)
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Fredericksburg, November 24, 1862.

Major General J. G. PARKE:

GENERAL: On my arrival at this place this morning, I learned from Major-General Burnside, commanding, that, in consequence of supposed delay on my part in fitting out a pontoon train, required by Lieutenant Comstock on the 14th instant, I had been ordered in arrest until satisfactory explanation could be given. Allow me to state briefly the facts of the case.

Late in September, Major Spaulding, of the Fiftieth Regiment New York Volunteer Engineers, by direction of General McClellan, was detached from my command and ordered to Harper's Ferry with bridge material. Subsequently pontoons were sent to Berlin, Md., more than 200 in all, leaving no serviceable ones at Washington.

On the 6th instant, Captain Duane, chief engineer, ordered Major Spaulding, then at Berlin, to move bridge material to Washington, and to fit out a complete bridge train at the latter place, ready to move with horses. This order Major Spaulding received, by his own statement, by 2 p.m. on the 12th instant. He lost no time in executing it.

On the 14th instant, I received from Lieutenant Comstock the following telegram:

WARRENTON, November 14, 1862.

On November 6, Captain Spaulding was directed to move bridge material from Berlin to Washington, and mount at once one complete bridge train in Washington. Is that train ready to move, with horses and everything needed supplied? If not, how long before it will be ready?

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

This telegram simply asks a question. On the same day I received another telegram, as follows:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 14, 1862.

In addition to the bridge train which Captain Spaulding has been previously directed to fit out in Washington, General Burnside desires to have one more complete train mounted and horses as soon as possible, and, with the other, sent with a company at least, and Captain Spaulding in command, by land to Fredericksburg, Va.; the eight tool wagons from Trowbridge to accompany the trains. Please address me how long before they will be ready, and, on their starting, address me of that.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

