
my own judgment, without orders from any one. I brought down to Belle Plain 30 pontoon wagons; the these we are indebted for the presence of a pontoon train in camp to-day.

The land train, which left Washington Wednesday morning, the 19th, delayed by rains, reached the Occoquan Friday morning; than a pontoon bridge, with approaches, had to be made, causing a delay of one day or more. This delay, I am told, could only have been avoided, at any stage of the Occoquan, by crossing that stream at Wolf Run Shoals, some 6 miles higher up, at the expense of 10 miles added to the length of the road. By a guide, just arrived, I am informed that there are other fords, but that the above route is the best. South of the Occoquan the roads became impassable to pontoon trains, and Major Spaulding found it necessary to send for water transportation for his pontoons. Neither wagons nor pontoons have yet arrived.

In conclusion, I will state that I have never before been under arrest, and that I greatly regret the occurrence. During the whole of this important war I have been working certainly with zeal, and with whatever energy and intelligence I could command.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 24, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The operator at Poolesville, Md., under date of 23d, telegraphs me as follows:

I give you an estimate of the stores left here by Stoneman's division: Five hundred stand small-arms; 10,000 rounds cartridges; 200 cartridge-boxes; 30 wall tents; 500 mess-pans and camp kettles; 6 barrels beef; 4 barrels vinegar; 15 boxes hard bread, and 1 wagon-load of picks, shovels, and axes, and a few other things not amounting to much in value. The arms are the rifle muskets principally; a few Enfields. The enemy's cavalry are reported at Leesburg, 2 miles distant. No force here, and arrangements have been made to blow up the building containing the a above supplies in the event of a raid of cavalry or guerrillas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. STAGER,

Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

November 24, 1862.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN and

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Brigadier-General Sickles informs me that he will move his division to-morrow to Potomac Creek, and that he will take with him all the detachments on the railroad between Burke's Station and Bull Run Bridge, and at Bristoe and Occoquan. Be so kind as to inform me

whether some other troops will be sent in place of these detachments, amounting to three regiments and two batteries. Our scouts were at Leesburg and Aldie to-day. They found at Leesburg 16 rebel cavalry who came from Mount Gilead. They also found a cavalry picket of the enemy at Aldie. Nothing of the rebels could be seen by our scouts at

