
[CHAP. XXXIII.

Hopewell and Thoroughfare Gap. At Brentsville they learned that 50 rebel cavalry had passed during the day. It is reported from other sources that Stuart's cavalry, with some artillery, is still near Warrenton, but that there were no troops in Warrenton yesterday. I examined to-day a man who came from Mobile, by Montgomery, Knoxville, Staunton, and was lying sick at Winchester for a fortnight. He saw no large bodies of troops between Staunton and Winchester, nor were there any troops between Staunton and Winchester, nor were there any troops at Winchester and Berryville. He says there are no troops at Bunker Hill, but large pickets near Martinsburg. He crossed at Snicker's Ferry yesterday. His reports are confirmed somewhat by those of a teamster, who was met by my scout near Leesburg to-day. The teamster says that he was pressed by the rebels to help General Early's troops, moving from Snicker's Gap to Paris, on Thursday and Friday last. Early's division was stationed between Berryville and Snickersville, as I previously reported. From all this, it seems that Mackall's [McLaws'] and Early's divisions have united at Ashby's, and that, therefore, Jackson was expected at Salem on last Friday and Saturday.

F. SIGEL.

ARLINGTON, November 24, 1862.

Captain POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

Colonel Price reports 150 to 200 men, with two pieces of artillery, at Aldie. Nothing in front of Chantilly.

Respectfully,

L. HUNT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 24, 1862.

Major BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, W. Va.:

Will the general pardon me for making a suggestion? It is this: If he intends Milroy to move from Beverly toward Staunton, and occupy the country in the head of this valley, at Monterey and other points, would it not be advisable for him to move with his command up the Potomac Valley, through Petersburg and Franklin, to Monterey? The road is good all the way, following up the bank of the South Branch. If Pendleton and Highland should be occupied by our forces, it will give peace and quietness to all the counties lying adjacent, west and north. His troops can be supplied from New Creek Station by a better road and less distance than from Webster or Clarksburg; and, moreover, if he should be assailed there by a superior force, he can fall back on me, or I can go to his support.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WHEELING, W. Va., November 24, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK:

I am satisfied from information on which I fully rely, there is nothing but a strong picket force of rebels between Martinsburg and Win-

