
chester, and the same at Winchester. Generals Kelley, Milroy, and Cluseret have some 20,000 men at New Creek. I respectfully suggest that they be ordered to move on Winchester, or in that direction, and that a column move from Harper's Ferry and Hancock at the same time in the same direction, and occupy valley at once. Jackson and Hill left Winchester last week for the south.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

CUMBERLAND, MD., November 24, 1862.

J. B. FORD, Esq., Wheeling, W. Va.:

Captain Harkins, of the First New York Cavalry, with 100 men, on Saturday went within 4 miles of Winchester, on the Romney road, and captured a mounted picket of 12 men, with their arms, horses, &amp;c. Captain Harkins reports that Jackson's division left Winchester on Thursday and Friday last, going toward Front Royal, and that Hill's division moved by the same route on Saturday, leaving only parts of four regiments of cavalry at Winchester, and those are under orders to follow.

I think this is reliable. I have had no orders. Have heard nothing from General Morell for three days. General Cox has ordered Milroy back to Beverly. I have suggested to him to order him up the valley of the Potomac, to occupy Franklin and Monterey. No answer yet.

You may publish the substance of this, if your think proper.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO,

November 24, 1862-11 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I learn the following from General Kelley, through General Cox:

Captain Bailey, First New York Cavalry, with 100 men, went to within 4 miles of Winchester, on the Romney road, on Saturday, and captured a mounted picket of 12 men and 20 horses. Captain Bailey reports that Jackson's division moved from Winchester on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, with baggage in advance, toward Front Royal. Hill's division followed on Saturday. Portions of four regiments of cavalry were still in Winchester under orders to follow. Whole rebel force about 30,000. General Kelley thinks this information substantially correct.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Burnside.)

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 25, 1862-11.30 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

If I should be in boat off Aquia Creek at dark to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, could you, without inconvenience, meet me and pass an hour or two with me?

A. LINCOLN.

