
[CHAP. XXXIII.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 25, 1862 (Received 2.45 p.m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I will meet you, as you request, to-morrow evening. Please inform me what boat you will be on.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOVEMBER 25, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Yesterday noon the bridge across Accokeek was finished, and I passed on an engine as far as Potomac Run. It is possible that the Potomac Run Bridge will be finished to-morrow, after which trains can run to Falmouth. It will not answer, however, to break up the establishment at Belle Plain, as the facilities for landing at Aquia will for some days be limited,a nd difficulties are experienced in procuring transportation for cars and engines from Alexandria. We are annoyed by applications for passes, which are in all cases refused. It is desirable that an order should issue from your headquarters to regulate the transportation of sutlers and their supplies, news-carriers, and citizens. I will also state that the necessity for unloading and promptly returning cars will hereafter be more imperative than ever.

H. HAUPT.

(Copy to General Halleck.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 25, 1862-2.20 a.m. (Received 9.30 a.m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

Enough pontoons have arrived to make one bridge, and we hope to have enough for two by daylight. I have selected two places of crossing, which I will report by letter. The train that started from Washington by land had to raft the boats from Occoquan, and send the carriages on alone, but they have not yet arrived. Had they started even on the 16th, they would have had good roads, and would have been in time. I felt it my duty to arrest General Woodbury, and have accordingly done so. We are at work with preparations for throwing the first bridge over, but it cannot be done till we get more carriages, which, I hope, will be here to-day. No time should be lost. The enemy's force is constantly increasing. Will telegraph more fully soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Near Fredericksburg, Va., November 25, 1862.

Captain O. E. HINE,

In Charge Engr. Workshops, near Navy. Yard, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: On the 23rd instant, General Woodbury sent, by Lieutenant Johnson, an order, directing you to send 30 pontoons and 12 wagons to

