
upon the person of Burke disclosed the fact that a man by the name of Wrench had been, and still is, engaged in purchasing cloth for the Confederate Army. I sent over to-day and arrested him, and searched his premises, but found nothing. He is also held as a prisoner. I caused the town to be partially searched for arms, but nothing was found, except a few boxes of cartridges, which were brought over to this side.

Last night I also sent Lieutenant Taylor, First Maine Cavalry, across the river at Mercerville in capturing a guerrilla by the name of King, a citizen of the District of Columbia, formerly of the Twelfth Virginia Regiment, but whose time expired in July, and since that time he has been acting as a scout for the rebels. These are his own admissions.

Both expeditions were well conducted, and their object fully accomplished without accident, which speaks well for the officers conducting them.

There is general rejoicing by the loyal citizens here. Burke and his party had become a perfect terror to all law-abiding men. Leopold and Hipsley both dispute the honor of having killed Cookus, at Dam No. 4, last week. I would respectfully suggest the propriety of sending the prisoners forward immediately.

Inclosed will be found the report of Captain Scott, which will give the details of the expedition.*

Inclosed will also be found the statement of A. M. Indow, a conscript, who deserted on the-instant, and whom I sent to your headquarters on the 24th instant.

I have information that the rebel cavalry stationed at Smithfield, Bunker Hill, and Leetown were moved away on Saturday last, which I believe to be true.

Your obedient servant,

S. COOLGROVE,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major-General MORELL.

P. S.-I also send the parole of 18 prisoners, taken in the hospital [wounded]. These men were paroled since the battle of Antietam, but since exchanged. Our party recaptured and paroled them the second time.

NOVEMBER 24-30, 1862.-Expedition from Summerville to Cold Knob Mountain, W. Va., and skirmish [26th] at Lewis' Mill, on Sinking Creek.

LIST OF REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General George Crook, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel Philander P. Lane, Eleventh Ohio Infantry.

No. 3.-Colonel John C. Paxton, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General George Crook, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST KANAWHA DIVISION, Charleston, December 13, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that on the 24th ultimo I sent the Eleventh Regiment Ohio

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

