
[CHAP. XXXIII.

unloading the subsistence stores, in which work my men were employed until after midnight, and from daylight through the whole of the following day.

On the 20th, I laid another pontoon wharf for the quartermaster, and handed over the permanent wharf completed to the commissary. Detached Company G, under command of Captain Larkin, to go to Aquia Creek with you.

On the 21st, built another permanent wharf for the commissary, and detached Company H, under Captain Ketchum, to work on the railroad bridge over Potomac Creek; also laid a second pontoon wharf for the quartermaster. I am pleased to say that by this assistance both departments were enabled to meet without delay the pressing wants of the army.

On the 22d, the barges Three Brothers and Anna Boyce, having arrived loaded with pontoon trucks, &amp;c., at 7 p.m. I commenced unloading, setting up the wagons frames, and loading the pontoons, and by daylight of the 23rd was ready, to move the train complete but for the tardiness of the quartermaster's department, which did not furnish the wagons required for loading the chaises &c., until after sunset of the 23d. Immediately on the arrival, I loaded them, and at 10 p.m. took my line of march for the depot near Falmouth.

Owing to an ill-made causeway, which, in the darkness of the night, was impassable until I had repaired it, and the badly disciplined corps of teamsters furnished with the wagons, I could not force the train through until 9 a.m. of the 24th.

Having arrived here with the train, I parked the wagons, and at 2 p.m. received an order, which I copy below:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,November 24, 1862-12.30 p.m.

Major MAGRUDER,

Commanding Volunteer Engineer Troops:

General Burnside desires that you will load up and fit out the balance of the bridge train which Lieutenant Cross does not take. He is to take 30 boats and equipage. This balance will probably move to the river during the night, to be thrown in the morning.

Very respectfully.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers and Chief Engineer.

At 7 p.m., yesterday evening I received another note from Lieutenant Comstock, without date, as follows:

Major MAGRUDER:

No bridge will be thrown to-night. Train should be held in readiness to move at a moment's warning.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

J. A. MAGRUDER,

Major, Commanding.

ARLINGTON, November 25, 1862.

Captain POTTER:

The order has been issued as directed.

Since, Captain Rusling, division quartermaster on General Sickles' staff, has called here, and reports General Sickles' headquarters last

