
HAGERSTOWN, MD., November 27, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Lieutenant-Colonel Blakely, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, reported to me yesterday evening with about 1,200 men, but without horses or arms of any kind. I said in the course of conversation they were of very little use in that condition in case of an attack, but that I did not apprehend now, as all reports indicated a movement in an opposite direction. Colonel Blakely asked me to supply him with muskets. I told him I would if I could, though I believed there were none here except those belonging to invalids, who would require them upon returning to duty; that everything not wanted for immediate use had been sent to the rear. The force under my command is not sufficient to prevent the enemy penetrating my line, which extends from below the mouth of the Monocacy to Cumberland, and there is nothing in the rear to support me without arms. Colonel Blakely's regiment would be unsafe here if we were attacked.

GEO. W. MORELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, November 27, 1862.

General G. W. CULLUM,Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Brigadier-General Woodbury, having made full and satisfactory explanations, had been released from arrest and restored to duty.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Near Fredericksburg, Va., November 27, 1862.

Captain O. E. HINE,

Fiftieth New York Regiment, in charge of

Engineer Workshop near Navy-Yard, Washington:

CAPTAIN: General Woodbury directs that you send to Belle Plain immediately, in addition to those already ordered, 13 pontoons, with accessories; 38 pontoon wagons; 16 sets of trestles, complete, including claw-ball; 84 extra clawballs; 12 abutment sills, if on hand; 18 saddles (to rest on pontoons); to be delivered to Captain Hicks, Fifteenth Regiment, at Belle Plain.

H. W. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Near Fredericksburg, Va., November 27, 1862.

Captain O. E. HINE,

Fiftieth Regiment N. Y. Engineers, near Navy-Yard, Washington:

CAPTAIN: Your communication of the 24th has been received at these headquarters. On the 25th you were telegraphed to send 30 pontoons and 12 wagons, additional to those ordered through Lieutenant Johnson. Have they started yet?

In relation to the stragglers from the brigade, you are requested to pick them up and send them to Belle Plain whenever they may be found.

Inclosed is a communication for Mr. Eveleth, agent engineer department, which will enable you to obtain from him the articles necessary

