
for repairs on pontoon boats, &amp;c. Also an order directing you to send Sergeant Vernon to these headquarters, for duty as draughtsman. Also a requisition on Mr. Eveleth for one dozen pocket compasses, which you will send by Sergeant Vernon.

Very respectfully,

H. W. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-General Woodbury has just directed me to telegraph you for 13 more pontoon boats, 38 pontoon wagons, 16 sets trestles, 84 extra clawballs, 12 abutment sills, and 18 saddles (to rest on pontoons). Send them on as soon as practicable.

GENERAL SIGEL'S HEADQUARTERS, November 27, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

My scouts from Leesburg found about 20 rebel cavalry at that place, but no enemy at Aldie or Middleburg. They learned, however, that Jackson's force crossed the Blue Ridge on Monday, and was yesterday at White Plains and Salem. A drove of hogs left Middleburg for his army on Tuesday, taking the road to White Plains, the inhabitants and contrabands saying that Jackson would move to Fredericksburg. His force left White Plains and Salem, undoubtedly, this morning, either for Warrenton or Waterloo Bridge. My scouts sent out toward Warrenton met 3 rebel cavalrymen between Groveton and Gainelsville, driving them in. They found the enemy's pickets at Buckland Mills. Have sent scouts to Thoroughfare Gap. Will report when they return.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., November 27, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: It is reported that when General Stoneman moved from Poolesville he left there over 300 stand of arms and several wagon loads of ordnance and other stores, and that General Birney left at Leesburg a number of muskets and some ordnance stores. The stores left at these places have been captured by the enemy.

The General-in-Chief wishes the matter investigated and reported upon. He wishes to know what orders were given, or what measures taken by Generals Stoneman and Birney to have the property conveyed to a place of safety.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., November 30, 1862.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Hooker, commanding center grand division.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

