
papers by mail, with the statement that, as the command left Maryland on October 30, I knew nothing of such stores.

No stores were left at Leesburg, to my knowledge, unless with the sick and guard.

It is and has been always my custom to receive and receipt for any ordnance stores which regimental commanders or quartermasters may wish to turn in, no matter what the time or place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

First Lieutenant, Ordnance Officer and

Acting Assistant Quartermaster, First Division, Third Corps.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., November 7, 1862.

Captain ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General Stoneman's Corps:

CAPTAIN: The ordnance stores and regimental property left in and about Leesburg when the army advanced, belonging to the division of General Stoneman, were subsequently removed to Washington, and are now stored in Whiting's warehouse.

S. C. HAWKINS,

Surgeon Fourth Maine Vols., in Charge of General Hospital.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND FOURTEENTH PA. VOLS., December 5, 1862.

GENERAL: In answer to your of this date, I would respectfully reply that I left at Poolesville about 20 muskets and a box and a half of cartridges, which I was unable to transport. These articles, together with the camp and garrison equipage, were left in charge of a guard of 4 men.

Since my regiment has been in service, as you yourself know, I have never had proper transportation. At the present moment we have not one horse fit for work, and unless my repeated applications for teams are answered, I shall still be compelled to leave behind my officers' tents and baggage.

Among the articles left at Poolesville and Leesburg was nearly all my officers' baggage.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,CHARLES H. T. COLLIS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ROBINSON'S BRIGADE, December 5, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding Third Corps.

These articles were left without my knowledge. Teams were sent back to Poolensville two or three times, and, I supposed, everything belonging to the brigade was brought as far as Leesburg.

JNumbers C. ROBINSON,Brigadier-General.

