
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 187. Camp near Falmouth, Va., November 27, 1862.

I. None but persons engaged in the public service will be passed over the railroads or bridges, or by steamboat toward Fredericksburg, without special authority from these headquarters or from the headquarters of commanders of grand divisions.

II. Persons connected with the railroad service will obtain their passes on application to the superintendent of railroads.

III. Persons connected with the military service, on presenting to the provost guard proper orders from these headquarters, or from the headquarters of grand division, will be passed to and from Aquia Creek, Alexandria, or Washington.

IV. The provost-marshals at Washington, Alexandria, and Aquia Creek will give passes on presentation of orders from the heads of departments, from the bureaus of the War Department, from the commanders of grand divisions, and from the military governor of the District of Columbia.

V. The commanders of grand division will grant permits to newsboys to sell papers to their commands, under such regulations as they may deem fit to impose, and no other newsboys will be allowed within their lines, except by permission of the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters.

VI. All packages marked with the names of officers and soldiers serving in this army will be received by the provost-marshals at the places of arrival, and turned over to the provost-marshals of grand divisions, who will deliver them to the proper owners, by their signing declarations that the packages contain private property for their individual use. The provost-marshals of grand division will send daily to the depot for such articles as may be there for officers or soldiers belonging to their respective commands. All packages belonging to officers at these headquarters will be forwarded direct to the provost-marshal-general.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, November 27, 1862.

(Received at Charleston, [W. Va.,] November 28.)

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Cavalry scout proceeded as far as Back Creek, within a few miles of Winchester, on the Northwestern turnpike, where they encountered a strong cavalry picket, and were forced to retire. All the roads leading out of Winchester north and west are now strongly picketed. Captain Linton, with small party from Cherry Run, dashed into Martinsburg to-day; found squared of rebel cavalry, numbering 23, in the town; captured 1; the balance fled toward Bunker Hill, where they are reported to be encamped. Nothing certain as to Jackson's whereabouts.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

