
itself be assailed, except by forcing the passage of the James above Richmond. The rebels would necessarily fall back from the Rappahannock, and thus expose their only remaining route of communication with the Confederacy, that by Gordonsville-Virginia Central Railroad. The magazines and arsenals and foundries of Richmond would be destroyed, and the rebel army would speedily be without supplies of any kind. The plan has the advantage of bringing the Navy into co-operation.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 28, 1862.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Harper's Ferry, [W.] Va.:

What of the rebel forces? Anything about Jackson?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., November 28, 1862-9 a.m.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The rebels have returned to Winchester in force, and the roads are again picketed and guarded several miles this side of that place.

GEO. W. MORELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Charleston, [W. Va.,] November 28, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE CROOK,

Gauley, [W. Va.:]

Your dispatch received. The rumors that the enemy are in Logan with some force, both of cavalry and infantry, are numerous, and come from different quarters. See the reports* of Lieutenant-Colonel Hall and Major Schache, which Captain Kennedy sends you this evening. Whatever their force, the commanding general is desirous that that country should be thoroughly secured. For this purpose, as you come down to-morrow, you will take the whole or a part of the Thirtieth Regiment to Brownstown, there to unite with what is available of the Twenty-eighth Regiment, after leaving a sufficient camp guard, and sent them, with some cavalry, out through Logan County to, if possible, catch or destroy the party of the enemy. Give them orders to burn the mills and such other property at Logan Court-House as to effectually prevent the place being used as a rendezvous in the future. This dispatch shall be your authority for calling on General Scammon for the Thirtieth Regiment. The expedition should be about 1,000 men strong, and be prepared to move rapidly.

by command of Major-General Cox:

G. M. BASCOM,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

