
to encamp. It was a neglect which I tried to remedy, by sending a note that morning giving directions in regard to the route to be pursued. The reason I allowed Whipple's division to come on was in order to meet the provision train (which the commanding general wished should be stopped on the road), with the view of procuring hard bread, of which some of the regiments were entirely out. I recognize the necessity of obedience to orders, and that strictly. In this instance the spirit and, as I thought, the wishes of the general were attempted to be carried out, and the embarrassment was the result of an absence of mine for the performance of other important duties.

The irregularities observed by the commanding general, I find, upon inquiry, were the result partly of bad roads, made worse, by having been cut up by previous commands, and were confined to the rear brigade, a great number of which had to be employed in getting the wagons, with very weak teams, through bad places. The attention of commanders has been called to this subject, as directed. I wold have made provision for the protection of our rear, had I not know that there was a strong force behind us.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 188. Camp near Falmouth, Va., November 29, 1862.

I. Each grand division to have a field officer of energy and experience, to exercise a rigid supervision over the departments of the provost-marshals within his own division, and extending his jurisdiction over the surrounding country, beyond the range of duties of the provost-marshals of corps. He will be furnished from time to time with such force as the general commanding his grand division may deem necessary.

II. Each corps to have a captain or field officer as provost-marshal, with at least 100 infantry and 50 cavalry under his command, to be at headquarters of the corps, and to have as subordinates a captain of infantry, with his company, in each division.

III. Provost-marshals of grand division to extend their operations beyond the corps, sending out patrols over the country, and causing guards to be established wherever necessary; arresting suspected persons; tracing out crimes and criminals; receiving and examining deserters and prisoners from the enemy, as well as soldiers sent to their own command; searching or causing search for concealed stores, contraband property, &amp;c. As far as possible the patrols and guards should be furnished from the permanent provost guards of the corps.

IV. Provost-marshals of corps to preserve order and discipline among troops beyond the limits of camp; enforcing the orders regulating trade; examining the stock of sutlers and traders; protecting market-men; preventing depredations upon property; arresting stragglers found without the passes required under General Orders, No. 187, Headquarters Army of the Potomac; following up and flanking the march of the column with cavalry, to prevent marauding and to drive up loiterers and stragglers.

V. Hereafter, when it shall become necessary for any general commanding a grand division or corps, or any other officer detached from his grand division with a separate command, to take horses, mules, or other animals, forage, or subsistence stores, or any other property, from

