
the inhabitants of the country, the authority to do it and the manner of doing it shall be given in writing to the officer charged with carrying out the order, and such officer shall make daily reports, in writing, to the provost-marshal of his corps, if present with his corps-if not, to the commanding officer giving him the authority to make the seizure-of the number and description of the property so taken, with the name and residence of the owner thereof. All such reports to be sent to the provost-marshal of the grand division. Any person, not authorized in accordance with this regulation, who shall take a horse, mule, or other animal,or any other property, from my citizen of the country, without full payment thereof, shall be punished as his crime deserves.

VI. The provost-marshals of grand divisions will make semi-weekly reports to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters.

VII. The provost-marshal-general will make frequent inspections of the operations of his department, and will issue such orders as may be necessary for its future direction.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, November 30, 1862.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The troops should march to Smith's Point, opposite Aquia Creek, where they will be ferried across the Potomac. General Burnside does not want any more batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

P. S.-Please see that these troops are properly provided for their march.

RAPPAHANNOCK RIVER,

Off Port Conway, November 30, 1862.

Major-General PARKE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday was received late last evening. I shall remain as long as the commanding general desires. I would state that in consultation with an engineer officer of General Woodbury's staff yesterday, I recommended the crossing point to be at Port Royal or Mill Bank, on a bridge at each, as the most desirable points for joint operations. The points are clear, and can be well covered by my vessels. The hills back from the water can be taken quietly by cavalry, followed by artillery, which will effectually cover the crossing, the gunboats forming the extreme right flank; also one could move down the river as the left was extended, though that would be hardly needed, the right and center being the most important for the time. The co-operation could be perfect at these points; higher up, I am dubious. My pilot approves of these points, and knows the land both sides, and says they are the best for both parties.

I respectfully submit the above.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. McCREA,

Commanding Flotilla.

