HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 1, 1862.

Hon E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

The order prohibiting the regular sutlers from bringing their supplies to this army is causing much inconvenience. The men are out of tobacco, and the officers are suffering for supplies. If possible, please direct that the order be rescinded, and that the passes of grand division commanders be sufficient to insure the transit of goods. This with the understanding that they are not to be taken by steamboat to Aquia or use the railroad, but by the sutler's own transportation to Belle Plain, and thence to their division by private wagons.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 1, 1862-5.30 p.m.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to request that the re-enforcements be sent to Smith's Point and Liverpool Point.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,Camp near Potomac Creek, Va., December 1, 1862.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

The major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac has received reliable information that the enemy have a cavalry force in the vicinity of Grove Church,picketing down Deep Run, and, accordingly, he has given directions for a reconnaissance to be made in that direction, and to extend as far along the Rappahannock as Barnett's Ford, if practicable; accordingly, the major-general commanding directs that you command it. Proceed with two regiments of your cavalry to that neighborhood, examining carefully all the fords on your route, and the roads leading to them, to ascertain, by careful inquiries, the enemy's whereabouts, and, if expedient, to attack and destroy him. At all events, should you run on to his pickets, feel of them sufficiently to ascertain their strength and destroy or disperse them.

A brigade of infantry will be ordered to leave here at 8 o'clock and to proceed to Hartwood, where they will await your orders. Their instructions will be to support the cavalry,and are provided with rations for two days.

The major-general commanding requests that you will have communicated to him as early as practicable all information of your operations, of importance.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

