
driver paroled, with the southern value of the articles in his pocket, to repeat the operation.

I therefore suggest, for you consideration, the propriety of detailing cavalry and infantry forces to guard, on stated days, the sutlers' trains, if needed for the army. But I suggest that it may be proper, by your authority as commander of this army, for which the whole country is working and paying, and to which it looks so anxiously for active and efficient operations, to provide for its efficiency by issuing an order driving out of it all camp followers not absolutely necessary to its existence, all sutlers, and making it known that the greatest need of the army is a full supply of regular stores; that the moment this is secured the army will move, and that the officers and men must content themselves until the army, by its success, wins the opportunity for repose and indulgence again, with living, both officers and men, upon the regular rations. If such an order is issued and enforced, you will much sooner be in a condition to move.

The supply of regulation rations and forage and clothing to such an army is a herculean task. That of luxuries cannot go on at the same time without delaying and interfering with the other. If you are delayed much longer, you will need an entire renewal of clothing, and we shall have the delays of Harper's Ferry repeated.

The shoes in which the men marched from Sharpsburg ought to be worn out by the time they reached Falmouth, and they probably now need renewing; if so, it should be done at once. Very good shoes must wear out in this march of 100 miles, over rocks and mud, and through all the brooks and streams on the road.

I think you had better clear your army of all followers except the servants of the officers and men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

P. S.-Since I drew up the above, I have seen your dispatch to the Secretary of War requesting that sutlers be permitted to go to Belle Plain, as the men need tobacco and the officers certain other supplies. It is considered better to submit the case of you before opening a trade which cannot be prevented from being a most serious interference with the operations of the supply department. If, in reply to this, you still desire that the permits be granted, it will be done, but the Quartermaster's Department cannot hold itself responsible for the evils and delays which it foresees in such a reopening of the trade.

Very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 189. Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 2, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Warner, First New York Artillery, and Major Alexander Doull, Second New York Artillery, are announced as inspectors of artillery for this army, and are attached to the staff of Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery.

II. Commanders of grand divisions and of corps will immediately report to these headquarters the names of their chiefs of artillery, and, when changes are made, the names of their successors.

III. Commanders of batteries will send through the chief of artillery of their corps and grand division to the chief of artillery of this army

