
[Inclosure No. 30.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 22, 1863.

Major-General FRANKLIN,Commanding Left Grand Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that a strong division of your command be detail to remain as a guard for the pontoons. The remainder of your command will return to their respective camps. The artillery belonging to the several divisions will be turned over to them. The division to remain with the pontoons will be relieved by one from General Sigel's within a few days. The general also requests that you detail a sufficient force to assist Colonel Tompkins in bringing back the reserve artillery with him. As Major-General Hooker has also received orders to remove his command, the general requests that care be taken to prevent the two grand divisions occupying the same road.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure No. 31.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 22, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,Commanding Center Grand Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you return with your command to its original position. The artillery in position belonging to your several divisions will be turned over to them before starting. The general also directs that you detail a force sufficient to assist Captain De Russy in bringing back the reserve artillery which he has with him. As Major-General Franklin has orders to remove his command, the general requests that care be taken to prevent the two grand divisions from occupying the same road.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW YORK, November 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Army of the Potomac during the time it was under my command:

On November 7, 1862, General Buckingham arrived at my headquarters, at Orleans, Va., with the following order and letter:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 182. Washington, D. C., November 5, 1862.

By direction of the President of the United States, it is ordered that Major-General McClellan be relieved from the command of the Army of the Potomac, and that Major-General Burnside take the command of that army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

