HDQRS. ELEVENTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Court-House, Va., December 3, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The following is a report of Joseph E. Snyder, one of the best scouts in this corps. He was, as he says, taken prisoner and conveyed to Richmond. His report is full of interesting details and valuable information, and indicates that he is a close and accurate observer of objects and movements. I regard him as a very reliable man, but desire that his report be not published in the newspapers, as he is still a scout, and might be tried as a spy in case he was again made a prisoner.

I forward it for your examination.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding Eleventh Corps.

[Inclosures.]

Monday, October 27.-Leaving headquarters in the morning, on my way toward Upperville, I was intercepted by a squadron of rebel cavalry, under Major Breckinridge, who had been on a scouting expedition toward Bloomfield and Union, the latter place being in possession of our cavalry. My arrival at Upperville seemed to have excited the curiosity of the commander, General Walker, who had but newly taken up his quarters, with two brigades of infantry, one battery, and six companies porary but lengthy examination, in the presence of Generals Ransom, Munford, and a number of other officers, followed. On stating that I was a soldier of General Sigel's corps, the general commanding appeared to be very inquisitive as to the strength and position of his opponent, of whom (according to his own statement) he seemed to have but bare information. Upon the sudden arrival of scouts, I was quickly ordered to return to the guard-house, leaving them rejoicing over the defeat of the Yankee cavalry at Snicker's Gap.

Tuesday, October 28.-The continued advance of the Yankees from Union caused some uneasiness in camp during the day.

Wednesday, October 29.-Alarm was given at 1 a.m. The cavalry force, soon mounted, was ordered to advance to meet the Yankees, who were, according to the report of scouts, advancing in force upon Upperville. The infantry was soon brought in line to support the cavalry. By daylight the whole wagon train, having been ordered back, arrived at Paris, which was followed by the infantry and artillery by noon, when, to the surprise of the rebels, 27 Yankee cavalry charged through the town of Upperville, taking several prisoners, and among them the provost-marshal (Captain Jones), but, for cause unknown, abandoned them.

Thursday, October 30.-Before reaching Berryville, I passed fifteen regiments of infantry, nineteen field pieces, mostly steel rifle, under Major General A. P. Hill, destined for Ashby's Gap. Berryville and its vicinity were almost deserted by the rebels, while the forces under Jackson and J. E. B. Stuart occupied positions toward Martinsburg and Charlestown, with pickets at the latter place.

Friday, October 31.-Longstreet's army corps commenced passing through the street of Winchester yesterday morning, and close to-day. It consisted mostly of infantry, estimated at 50,000 men, no less than sixty field pieces, and a small force of cavalry, en route for Front

