
Tuesday, November 11.-The hospitals at Mount Jackson are filled with the transient custom. No garrison. Commissary stores in abundance. The bridge in town not rebuilt. The one over the Shenandoah, 1 1/2 miles distant from Mount Jackson, is nearly completed, and represents a substantial structure. The abundance of water and grass at this locality seems to have induced the rebels to herd their beef-cattle there, which seem to be equal in abundance to buffaloes on the prairies of Kansas. Meeting wagons, few in number, loaded with blankets, &amp;c., from time to time. Big Spring, situate 9 miles from Harrisonburg, is the rendezvous for trains, ordnance, and commissary depot.

Wednesday, November 12.-The farmers all along the valley are engaged in preparing their gain for the mills, hauling it for the use of the army. Harrisonburg, from appearance, is favored with a provost guard. Many a farmer from the surrounding country leaves it with a smile of his brow, with a full pocket of Confederate scrip, the proceeds of his productions and stock. Mount Crawford, a commissary supply depot, memorable for the unhappy bridge of Generals Fremont and Shields. The bridge is rebuilt, and has every appearance of fine improvement.

Thursday, November 13.-Approaching Stauton from the north side, with the mouths of cannons pointing toward you, one might suppose the rebels were occupying the same in force. Enter, and you feel surprised. The manufactories for boots, shoes, and clothing for army use, the extensive hospital preparations for thousands of sick, the general supply depot, the place of safe-keeping of all the captured Harper's Ferry plunder, is defended by one company of the Sixty-first Virginia Infantry, twenty-four field pieces, and a mixture of cavalry and artillery, although small in number. The estimated number of sick in this place is 2,000, and the report of the Yankees having dashed within 16 miles of the place the previous night, nearly caused the removal of them to Richmond.

Friday, November 14.-The Virginia Central Railroad has been in fine running condition, and has been the main line of nearly all supplies sent to the Army of Northern Virginia. The only direct telegraphic communication from Winchester to Richmond is via Stauton, along this road. Charlottesville, a pleasant village on the railroad, is partly used as a military hospital, with a provost guard to defend it. The cry of danger was visible here to a greater extent; the fear of an early capture of Stauton, the advance of the Yankees toward Fredericksburg, the slow movements of their generals, were openly discussed, and the Richmond Government not being able to comply with the wishes of the inhabitants by sending re-enforcements, they claimed their situation a most perilous one; so spoke the first Union man in Dixie Gordonsville, the junction of the Orange and Virginia Central Railroads, and place of great newspaper notoriety for military defenses and concentration of forces; a roomy railroad depot, several large frame buildings, newly erected by the Confederates, is nearly all there is of interest. Fortifications were nowhere visible. I endeavored to gain my point by raising questions among those that I came in contact with, but being made to understand that I was not here to take notes, I failed. To the best of my ability I discovered but small camps within the immediate vicinity. The depot, as well as other buildings, contained large army supplies. If there are any least 9 miles north of the junction. The arrival of exchanged soldiers, convalescents, and conscripts was great

