
who, they had learned, was opposing them with 60,000 men. So closely were they hemmed in toward evening that General Jackson could neither deploy his forces to the right or left without being met and fired into by a superior force, while even the hole in their rear seemed almost to close.

The different estimates as to the strength of the rebel forces under General Lee, &amp;c., and the difficultly to sustain mine should I make such, I prefer to overcome by saying that the army that left Richmond, under Lee, and fought at Bull Run, consisted of the same force that fought the battle of White Oaks. It is the army that forced McClellan (after being re-enforced by Jackson with 20,000) to retreat, and that is the army that crossed into Maryland and fought at Antietam. Beyond conscripts and exchanges soldiers, Lee has been re-enforced by two regiments of North Carolina troops only. Desertions, which are so frequent from our lines, are even disgusting to the rebels. The greater part of the deserters are sent to Richmond, and the oath of allegiance is by no means sufficient testimony to gain the confidence of the rebel authorities. They are kept in closer confinement than the prisoners of war, received the same food, and all the privileges they enjoy are that they are set at work, under the vigilance of strong guards, to clean the streets, keep them covered with lime, whitewash all public buildings, saw wood for the hospitals and the prisons, and all this without the slightest sign of compensation.

Petersburg, 20 miles from Richmond, has a garrison of 1,500 men. No fortifications after leaving the ones for the defense of Richmond; none were visible along down to Fortress Monroe. The general feeling among the army is they do not intend ever to whip the United States. All they are trying to do is to keep the United States from whipping them. A treaty of peace is all they ask.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 3, 1862.

Major-General MORELL,

Hagerstown, Md.:

Give me, in round numbers, the effective force on the Upper Potomac; also, if you can, the force of General Kelley.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., December 3, 1862-4 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The effective force is 5,000 infantry, 1,640 cavalry, and 230 artillery. In addition, Rush's regiment of Lancers is at Frederick, and the Fourteenth New Jersey, 500 strong, with a section of artillery, at Monocacy Bridge. This regiment reports to General Wool. I have no reports from General Slocum. All of his corps, except Gordon's brigade, is at Harper's Ferry. General Kelley's force is about 6,500. The Purnell Legion is not with me. I have the First, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Maryland Regiments.

GEO. W. MORELL,

Major-General.

