
Yesterday I had five boats destroyed below Port Conway. To-day I discovered one large flat-boat above and on this side, and had it destroyed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Colonel Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, December 4, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Upon leaving your headquarters, I ordered one hundred torpedoes by telegraph, and the next afternoon I was informed that they had been made and were ready. I wish, however, to paste on each one a diagram of a bridge truss and instructions how to use and where to apply them. To get this lithographed in Washington will delay a day or two, but the boxes will, as soon as possible, be forwarded. Each box will contain fourteen torpedoes, loaded, with fuse inserted, several copies of instructions, some extra fuse-friction fuse lighters, auger and handle, complete for use.

H. HAUPT.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, December 4, 1862.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: You are respectfully informed that the following is a copy of a telegram this day sent you, viz:

Near this city, on the Eastern Branch, are 1,000 feet of trestle bridge, which can be used where the water is not more than 6 feet deep; 200 feet French pontoon boats; one canvas boat train, 400 feet in length; one rubber boat train, 700 feet in length; one old train, known as Sigel's train, 200 feet in length. None but the trestling and French pontoon boats are reported reliable and in proper condition to take the field. Three thousand two hundred and forty-feet of bridging have been shipped to the Army of the Potomac since November 14.

The examination of this material was made at the request of the Secretary of War. Do you wish any part of it shipped to Aquia Creek?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 4, 1862.

The attention of the chief of artillery has been called to the very lavish expenditure of artillery ammunition.

In small skirmishers between 300 and 400 rounds of ammunition per battery are often expended, the fire frequently averaging, and some-times exceeding, one round per minute per gun; while in general engagements batteries have been known to expend all their ammunition in little over an hour and a half. The rules which should guide officers of artillery in this matter are very distinctly laid down in the Orders of the 12th of September, 1862, Paragraph IV, page 5. An officer who expends ammunition improperly proves his ignorance of the proper use of his arm, and a want of capacity for the command of a battery.

In no case, except when firing canister at short ranges, should the fire

