
caliber, corresponding to our 100-pounders) probably indicates that there are guns of this caliber in position in the works before Richmond. It may, therefore, be necessary to place guns of equal caliber in position, and Lieutenant Baylor, ordnance officer at Fort Monroe, should be instructed to prepare such guns, with their materiel.

In case is should be necessary to move the siege train by water to a point of the Pamynkey, within a short distance of Hanover Court-House, instructions should be given to load the material upon barges (double-decked ones, if possible; such as are used for flour on the North River), not drawing more than 4 feet 6 inches or 5 feet of water, with which draught they can probably be taken up as far as the bridge at Widow Lumpkins', near Crump's Creek, within 5 miles by land of the railway. By attacking to the train about 100 feet of trestle bridging, constructed similarly to those prepared by Captain Duane, of the Engineers, for the pontoon trains, but of stronger dimensions, the train could be landed at any point required. The whole of this materiel, with the regiments, should be at Fort Monroe by the 25th of this month at latest.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 13, 1862.

I submitted this paper on the 27th of December, in General Halleck's office and in his presence, to his chief of staff, General Cullum, giving at the same time, verbally, reasons for making this demand. The paper was returned to me without indorsement or reply applicable to the subject, except that the ordnance could be drawn from the Arsenal when needed, and that no guns nor troops should leave the works around Washington.

The regiment of foot artillery, including the regiment detailed and instructed as siege artillery especially, is in garrison at Washington. The siege guns, equipped and prepared for the field, form also part of the armament of those forts. It is believed that others, to replace them, equally good for that purpose, could be obtained from the Arsenal. I have two companies of the regiment referred to with eight 4 1/2-inch siege guns, and have no other foot artillery at my disposal.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

This paper is respectfully returned to General Halleck's headquarters, approved.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, December 8, 1862.

General J. G. PARKE:

GENERAL: I went within 6 miles of Wolf Run Shoals yesterday, and camped, sending one squadron to the Shoals. No train is there. Four companies of my cavalry have been waiting there since Thursday. The

