
commanding officer sent 16 miles, day before yesterday, on the Alexandria road, but could hear nothing of them. He sent also to Fairfax Station. Telegraphed to Captain Ferguson, assistant quartermaster there. He knows nothing of any such train. Captain Hart, New Jersey cavalry, sent me word that the cattle had crossed at Occoquan, and I therefore came back. They are now within the lines.

I am camped 1 1/2 miles from Dumfries. My rations are out to-morrow, and I have no forage to-night, and the terrible roads have thrown the shoes off of a number of my horses. There have been none of the enemy in that section of the country for some time, except a party of 8 men, who captured 2 of the squadron off to Greenwood Church without their arms.

A squadron or a battalion could return and await that train if it is to come. But I think the brigade should refit, if there is any probability of our having anything to do soon.

Very respectfully,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Please reply soon. Am waiting in telegraph office.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT GRAND DIVISION, December 8, 1862.

General PARKE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following has just been received from General Bayard, and, in the absence of the major-general commanding, I transmit it for the information of General Burnside. Will you please answer by telegraph if General Burnside has any instructions for General Bayard, whose orderly is waiting reply at cross-roads 5 miles beyond Dumfries?

Captain Davidson, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, reports that he has waited since Thursday for the train he was sent to meet, for which I also was sent. He has sent to Fairfax Court-House, telegraphed to Alexandria, and sent 16 miles on the road to Alexandria, but can hear nothing of it. Captain Peirce has gone to Aquia by water. To-morrow my rations are out, and I will return to camp. The cable crossed at Occoquan yesterday, and I am going to guard it with the pickets. If my action does not meet the commanding officer's views, please send me orders at once.

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General.

I am, very respectfully,

E. R. PLATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDUM.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 8, 1862.

Two pontoon bridges to be thrown at site of old pontoon bridge, one of them to have approaches for artillery.

One pontoon bridge at site of old canal-boat bridge; approaches for artillery.

Two pontoon bridges just below mouth of Deep Run, a mile below Fredericksburg; one to have artillery approach. Major Spaulding to throw three upper ones; Major Magruder to throw the next, and Lieutenant Cross the lowest one.

Bridge equipage, now at White Oak Church, to move up and go into

