
Thoroughfare Gap, Rectortown, and Middleburg. Near Mount Gilead they made a prisoner, of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, who was sleeping in a house. This prisoner says that he learned from Mr. Barr, at Mount Gilead, who came from Winchester, that there was only a provost guard at that place; that White's cavalry force were at White Post, between Winchester and Ashby's Gap, and that White was severely wounded in the hip in the fight at Berryville. I will send a patrol for Mr. Barr immediately, to have him brought in.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 9, 1862-11.30 p.m.

General G. W. CULLUM,Chief of Staff, Washington:

It is very desirable that all the cavalry of General Sigel's corps should move with him. I hope enough cavalry can be ordered to the front from Washington at once to relieve them. If a regiment can be sent out to-morrow morning early, it would be a great relief.

General Sigel will be at Fairfax Court-House to-morrow morning at daylight, and at Wolf Run Shoals to-morrow night. Please communicate with him by telegraph, informing him if his cavalry is to be relieved. General Heintzelman, he says, promised to send him a regiment.

A dispatch, in cipher, will go to your headquarters in a few moments.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMORANDUM ORDERS.] HDQRS. CENTER GRAND DIVISION,

Camp near Potomac Creek, December 9, 1862.

The commanders of the Third and Fifth Corps and the brigadier-general commanding the cavalry will give the necessary orders to enable them to place their command in position, at daybreak on the morning of the 11th instant, at such points as may be hereafter indicated by the major-general commanding the center grand division, not to exceed 8 miles from their present position. The officers and men to be provided with three days' cooked rations, and the men with 40 rounds of ammunition in boxes and 20 in pockets. The ammunition wagons and batteries will be supplied with at least three days' forage.

The chief of artillery will detail such batteries as may be necessary to protect the crossing of the river.

Further instructions will be given by the major-general commanding at the proper time, respecting the cavalry and trains.

By command of Major General Joseph Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 191. Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 9, 1862.

No person will be allowed to cross the lines in the direction of the enemy without a pass from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

