
on Saturday last, and he will follow in a day or two with the balance of his command, and occupy Moorefield, the county seat of Hardy, and Franklin, the county seat of Pendleton. This will give protection to the loyal citizens of the valley of the South Branch, and prevent the enemy from making raids into the adjoining counties lying west, as well as enable our troops to threaten and harass the enemy in the Shenandoah at all points from Winchester to Staunton. My cavalry are in Romney every day, but I will now, as you suggest, occupy it permanently. We have the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad repaired, and are now running construction trains as far east as North Mountain, within 8 miles of Martinsburg. I have parts of two regiments protecting the workmen. I write you fully by mail to-night.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, December 9, 1862-8 p.m.

Major BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Marietta, Ohio:

Your telegram received. Nothing new; all quiet. The rebels occupy Winchester again, General Geary having fallen back to Harper's Ferry. I received a dispatch from General Halleck this evening, it being a copy of one sent you, I inferred, making inquiries in regard to the protection of the valley of the South Branch. General Milroy is preparing to move with the balance of his force up the valley.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

DECEMBER 10, 1862.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

Captain Comstock said to-day that he expected that the bridges by which I am to cross will be ready two hours after daylight. This I presume remains the same. I also suppose that I am to attack, if necessary, without waiting for General Sumner to open.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.

[Pencil memorandum on foregoing dispatch.]

The intention is for you to cross as soon as the bridges are completed. If you deem it advisable, you will attack as soon as you cross, without waiting for General Sumner. It would, of course, be preferable to make it simultaneous.

Have the covering parties for the bridges been sent? If not, they should be sent at once; also the pickets for the batteries, under command of Captain De Russy.

[Not signed.]

BURNSIDE'S HEADQUARTERS, December 10, 1862.

Colonel D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster, Washington:

I desire you will send all the mules you can spare, and as fast as possible. The four-mule teams are breaking down. We must make all

