HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, December 12, 1862.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find a copy of a dispatch received yesterday. Please push forward as rapidly as possible, by way of Fairfax Court-House, Fairfax Station, and Wolf Run Shoals, to Dumfries. Provisions and forage are awaiting your orders at Fairfax Station, the cattle for you command being at this post. The road from here to Fairfax Station is in good condition, and from the station to Wolf Run Shoals a good road leads toward Union Mills, turning to the left to Wolf Run Shoals about half a mile from the station. Two orderlies will be left at Fairfax Station, who will report to you to show the best road. A telegraph operator will remain here until you have left, so that you can communicate with me at Dumfries this afternoon.

In marching by way of Fairfax Court-House, you need not go to Centreville, but march by way of Chantily. The direct road from Centreville to Wolf Run Shoals is a very bad one.

A brigade of cavalry is stationed at Centreville, which saves you the trouble of precautionary measures in that direction.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 11, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL:

The commanding general directs me to request that you move your corps and that of General Slocum as rapidly as possible down in this direction, taking as many roads as you may deem best, with your right extending not farther than Catlett's and Hartwood roads. We have attempted the passage of the river, and the general has detained Captain Dahlgren, so as to report to you the result.

JNumbers G. PARKE,Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 12, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

All the troops of General Cox in the Kanawha Valley not necessary for its defense should be sent to join General Kelley's command at Romney and Martinsburg, to operate in the Shenandoah Valley. It is believed that no forces of the enemy will attempt to cross the mountains during the winter.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, December 12, 1862.

Major General JACOB D. COX,

Marietta, Ohio:

Send all troops in the Kanawha Valley not necessary for its defense to join General Kelley at Romney or Martinsburg, to operate in the

