
present from here, but as soon as bad weather sets in it could be done without danger. The present arrangements for getting supplies up for the troops in this river is very defective. Should there come a freeze within the next ten days, the greater portion of the troops would have to leave, for want of provisions. Day warm.

CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 14, 1862.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Fredericksburg, Va.:

Three regiments of infantry and a battery are marching down the Maryland side of Liverpool Landing, to re-enforce your army. Please give directions for their crossing.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BURNSIDE'S HEADQUARTERS, December 4, 1862.

Colonel D. H. RUCKER,

Quartermaster, Washington:

I wished 2,500 mules, in addition to what had been forwarded. I shall require at least 1,500 more than what has been received to date. We must make all the teams six-mule. We shall probably want boats to transport wounded to Washington to-morrow. I am expecting requisitions for this transportation. Please have boats ready. There will be some 3,500. Will you inform me what you can do? When I know definitely, I will telegraph you.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

DUMFRIES, VA., December 14, 1862-9.20 a.m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

Circumstances have compelled me to leave back the bulk of my train and baggage, to march on to Stafford Court-House. I have allowed 3 wagons to each regiment; 1 for the officers, 1 for cooking utensils of soldiers, and 1 for small-arms ammunition, containing 10 boxes. Brigade and division staff, 1 wagon; corps staff and grand reserve division headquarters, 2 wagons, respectively. You must do the same. Send your baggage to Alexandria, to be shipped to Aquia Creek. Take two days' provisions in the haversacks, and two on wagons, besides cattle, and march to Stafford Court-House, where you will find supplies for two days, which will be sufficient to carry you through. Take from your regimental teams and supply trains as many wagons as you deem sufficient to bring forward the most necessary amount of ammunition. Your reserve ammunition you will send, by Alexandria, to Aquia Creek. If you are already on the march, disload at Fairfax Station, and push for ward as speedily as possible.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

