
STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA., December 14, 1862-6.20 p.m.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

I have arrived with two divisions at this place. One division remains at Aquia to-night. I invite your attention again to the terrible condition the roads are in. My wagons will have to make two trips. Please inform me of the disposition of your troops. Have you received my dispatch of this a.m.? Please answer.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., December 14, 1862-6.30 p.m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Stafford Court-House, Va.:

Your dispatches both received. One division will cross at Wolf Run Shoals to-day, but cannot, probably, go far beyond that point. To-morrow I will push on to Dumfries, and beyond, if possible. The other division is at Fairfax Station to-night, and will move on to-morrow at daylight. I leave all tents and everything that can be dispensed with behind. I shall leave here early to-morrow, and my headquarters to-morrow night will probably be at Dumfries.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 14, 1862.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The withdrawal of troops from the Kanawha at present is left to your judgment. No forces, however, not absolutely necessary for defense, should be kept idle. It is complained that too many are injudiciously kept from the field, where we must encounter the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

PETERSBURG, [W. VA.], December 14, 1862.

Major-General COX:

I arrived here on the 11th; same day Washburn's brigade left New Creek for this place, but was stopped at Burlington, by order of General Kelley, where it still is, on account of alarm at Winchester. My helpless forces are thus divided, and am I to stand still and tremble every time the enemy sneezes? Could have Winchester. If permitted. I would now strike Strasburg and Woodstock with brigade. Cluseret can occupy this place and Moorefield. Can you permit me to take care of myself a short time?

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

