
with yokes, to be in readiness. Colonel Ingalls should provide oxchains and wheels, say, thirty pairs, and 2,000 men can be employed and should be ready. The engineer brigades can alone furnish this force in time. I leave, to return to-night.

H. HAUPT.

U. S. STEAMER YANKEE,

Off Oaken Brow, December 15, 1862-8 p.m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

U. S. Army, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

DEAR GENERAL: Captain Ives arrived safely. I inclose you a copy of my notification to Lieutenant-Colonel McGruder, Tenth Virginia Cavalry, at Port Royal, and his reply. I have sent to Colonel Davis, commanding your outpost in this vicinity (Eighth New York Horse), the substance of what I intend doing; he may be able to assist us in the feint. I sent also an intelligent contraband with a big story over the river this evening. I have a hold upon him, and he has no information that can be detrimental to our cause, and he knows the penalty that will be meted out if the enemy find he has communicated with us.

With every good wish, I remain, your servant,

SAMUEL MAGAW,

Lieutenant-Commander.

[Inclosures.]

U. S. STEAMER YANKEE, December 15, 1862.

Military and Civil Authorities at Port Royal, Va.:

A military necessity renders the occupation of the vicinity of Port Royal desirable to our forces. The destruction of the town probably will be the consequence. I therefore request that all non-combatants be removed before to-morrow at sunrise.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL MAGAW,

Lieutenant Commanding, U. S. Navy, Commanding Gunboats on Rappahannock.

DECEMBER 15, 1862.

Lieutenant MAGAW:

Your note to the civil or military authorities at Port Royal, to the effect that Port Royal or its vicinity requires your occupancy, has been received, and, in absence of any civil authority, I will give notice to the citizens to leave by sunrise to-morrow.

Z. S. McGRUDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Virginia Cavalry.

CUMBERLAND, December 15, 1862.

Major BASCOM,

Marietta, Ohio:

Our reports are conflicting. The most reliable, in my judgment, are that General Jones has been left in the Shenandoah Valley with 4,000 or 5,000 men, including infantry, cavalry, and artillery, for the purpose of protecting their stores and their sick, of which they have large numbers at Mount Jackson, Harrisonburg, and Stauton. General Hampton

