
was in Martinsburg Friday with about 400 cavalry, but left very suddenly when he heard my force was at North Mountain Station. Our workmen are this morning within 5 miles of Martinsburg with the rail. I have ordered reconnaissance to be made to-day with 200 cavalry and two guns through Martinsburg down the Winchester road to Bunker Hill.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Marietta, Ohio, December 15, 1862.

Hon F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of [West] Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letters of 4th and 5th instant, and, in reply, would say that before laving the Kanawha Valley I had sent an expedition, consisting of two regiments, to Logan County to destroy the nest of guerrillas there and to drive Floyd's force entirely out of that country. I have not yet received the report of their proceedings, but am expecting it daily.

I had also under consideration the feasibility of putting a force at Hurricane Bridge, but the lack of wagon transportation had so far deterred me from it. I have, however, referred the matter to General Crook, with instructions to take such steps in this as may now seem practicable, and to omit no precaution to give the people of that region full protection.

I have also directed that the Mason County court-house be at once vacated and restored to its legitimate civil uses.

Inclosed I hand you a communication from Lieutenant-Colonel Frost, Eleventh [West] Virginia Volunteers, in reference to the position of Captain Young's company. The company is acting with the Thirteenth, into which part of its men have been mustered, but Captain Young, the other officers, and the rest of the men were originally mustered into the Eleventh. Will you be kind enough to give me such information as to the course taken in that matter as may enable me to determine what should be now done is the premises? The tone of Lieutenant-Colonel Frost's letter is unmilitary and improper in its reference to yourself and Adjutant-General Samuels, and he will be reprimanded for it.

The advantages of keeping watch of our supplies and transportation, which the lowness of the rivers make a most important at present, determined me upon making headquarters temporarily here, but should the district remain quiet, I shall expect to visit Wheeling and consult with you in person.

The military expediency of having all the available force actively engaged has made General Halleck desirous of reducing the force in the Kanawha Valley to its lowest possible limit. I have strongly advised that it be not greatly diminished till the new State question has been finally and definitely acted upon, as I have anticipated that a weakening of our force there would be followed by a strong effort on the part of the rebels to disturb the region, with a view to preventing any action by the people at elections which may be held. I have also feared that such a reduction would be followed by a flight of the Union men from the valley again. These considerations have so far prevailed; but the presence of troops elsewhere makes me uncertain how long they will be regarded as overweighing other advantages expected. I suggest the

