HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 16, 1862.

General D. P. WOODBURY,Commanding Volunteer Engineer Brigade:

GENERAL: Cross is bringing up his bridge, and will, I suppose, park it where it was before, or wherever you may desire. After having done so, according to our arrangement, he will have nothing to do with it except in emergencies like the one just passed, when your own force is insufficient. I will, therefore, tell him, when he has put it in park, that his responsibility for it ceases.

Very respectfully.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers, and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 16, 1862-5.40 p.m.

General WOODBURY:

A flag of truce for the burial of dead has gone across the river, and General Burnside deems that this will make it necessary not to remove the pontoons from the river bank to-night.

Respectfully,C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant of Engineers, and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, December 16, 1862.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: This morning General Burnside indicated a willingness that my command shall take post in the vicinity of White Oak Church. The arrangement was not definitely decided upon, and, in fact, it may be that the general will prefer some other place for the command.

My present position is very uncomfortable for the men, and I think there will be difficulty in supplying them here. So, if you can properly bring the matter to the attention of the general to-morrow morning, and will get a decision of the question, I shall be obliged to you.

Please let me have an answer by the bearer, if possible.

Truly, your friend,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 16, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: For the information of the major-general commanding, I would respectfully report that this corps has on hand five days' small rations, from the 17th; that two days' full rations have been ordered; that orders have been given to division commands fully in shape and readiness for any duty that may be required; forty rounds per man to

