
be issued, arms inspected, and every preparation made for service; that inspections be made in all the commands, and the men charged with any arms or equipments lost or abandoned, that full returns be sent in of all casualties at once; also of those present for duty.

I regret to inform the general that I have heard, unofficially, that one of what I supposed my best regiments (Eighteenth Massachusetts) had 150 men added to its provision return upon its arrival back to camp. I add herewith memorandum of return received from General Sykes' division: Killed, 1 officer and 9 men; wounded, 5 officers and 149 men; missing, 33; aggregate, 207. Four of the wounded have since died. Previous returns from Humphrey's division: Killed, wounded, and missing, 1,724. Total, as far as heard from, 1,931. No return from Griffin. I think, possibly, Humphreys' list may be reduced.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fifth Corps.

HARRISBURG, [Pa.], December 16, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please give me the reliable news from the army at Fredericksburg. Please indicate what the Government desires. If the disaster is serious, I will move with the utmost dispatch and vigor, and the loyal people of this State will again rally to the support of the Government.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 352. Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 16, 1862.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General James S. Wadsworth is hereby assigned to duty with the left grand division, and will report to Major-General Franklin for orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 16, 1862.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Major-General MORELL, Hagerstown, Md.:

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Cumberland, Md.:

The Secretary of War directs that Major General G. W. Morell turn over his command to Brigadier-General Kelley, and report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army, in Washington. Also that Brigadier-General Kelley take command of all the forces on the Upper Potomac and be charged with the defense of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

