HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT MARYLAND VOLUNTEERS,Harper's Ferry, December 17, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have no knowledge of General Kelley coming here. A squad of 30 men, under a captain of the First New York Cavalry, reported to me last night, having come through Martinsburg, Va. He states that General Kelley was at Cumberland; that two regiments of infantry and their cavalry, from General Kelley's command, were to take possession of Martinsburg. The captain left here this morning for Martinsburg direct. He came by way of the Shepherdstown road, but not through that place. General Kenly is on Maryland Heights, with the First and Fourth Maryland Regiments and three companies of Fourteenth Massachusetts Artillery, commanding the fortifications on the Maryland Heights, and a section of Captain Alexander's Maryland battery, under First Lieutenant Evans, numbering in all 32 men. On Bolivar Heights is the Fourth Maine Battery, under Captain Robinson; the Sixth Regiment of Maryland Volunteers, and some 90 men under Major Cole, of the First Maryland Cavalry. In the Ferry is my own command, the Fifth Maryland, doing the provost-guard duty. Until yesterday I was in command of the forces since Major-General Slocum left, to whose command I belong, but left here by his order. But by order of General Kenly to-day I am placed on Maryland Heights and this post as the provost guard of this post. This is all the force we have here, as well as on the heights in Maryland.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. LOUIS SCHLEY,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Maryland Vols., Commanding and Provost-Marshall.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., December 17, 1862.

Major-General WOOL,

Baltimore:

Major-General Schenck will be assigned to relieve you in the command of the Middle Department; and, according to your request, you will have leave of absence for such period as you desire before assigning you to other duty. You will please inform me how long a leave you desire. General Schenck will arrange with you respecting the change of command on his arrival at Baltimore.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

No. 207. Washington, December 17, 1862.

By direction of the President, Major General R. C. Schenck is appointed to the command of the Middle Department and the Eighth Army Corps; headquarters, Baltimore.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

