
this point, advises that it is not safe to remain without guards at Point of Rocks. The notorious Captain Baylor, of the rebel cavalry, was captured near Charlestown yesterday.

MINER,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, December 22, 1862.

General PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The cavalry sent toward Rappahannock Station yesterday to intercept the force under Colonel Hampton has not returned yet, but I consider them perfectly safe, as the scouts and cavalry who were beyond Catlett's Station and Warrenton Junction found no enemy of any force. They report that only cavalry, with a small force of infantry moved toward Brentsville on the 19th. The infantry, with the captured train, returned at once toward Kelly's Ford, leaving the cavalry near Brentsville until the next morning. Scouts have been sent out this morning early to communicate with Colonel [Di] Cesnola's cavalry, who are probably encamped near Morrisville Post-Office, and will return to-day. The following disposition of the cavalry has been made to protect the telegraph line: Two companies Rush's Lancers, 200 Indiana cavalry, and 200 Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry are at Occoquan, picketing and patrolling to the front, right, and rear. Two hundred of General Slocum's cavalry and 250 First Maryland Cavalry are at Dumfries, for the same duty. A detachment of 150 cavalry is at Aquia Creek, and the remainder of the cavalry near Stafford Court-House.

JUL. STAHEL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., EIGHTH A. C.,

No. 1. Baltimore, Md., December 22, 1862.

Having been appointed by the President to the command of the Middle Department and Eighth Army Corps, I hereby announce my assumption this day of the duties of the position.

In entering upon these duties thus assigned to me, I have but to express to the troops composing this corps my hope that they will continue to evince the same obedience, discipline, and good order which they have generally manifested, as I understand, under Major-General Wool, the brave and tried veteran and respected chieftain whom I succeed. With such disposition and conduct exhibited uniformly on the part of officers and men, and an endeavor on my part to be just and considerate in all my government and treatment of them, I feel a good degree of confidence that our relations to each other will be mutually pleasant, and our joint discharge of duty profitable to the service of our common country.

To the citizens residing within this military department, I would also briefly announce the leading principle or rule of conduct by which I consider it my duty to regulate my official connection with them. We are now in the midst of a struggle which involves the perpetuity and very existence of our National Government. To that Government we all, individually, as good citizens, owe our first allegiance. In the unhappy contest, therefore, arising from the present causeless and unnatural rebellion, there can be but two sides, with no middle ground on which any

