
honest man or true patriot can stand. I can understand and make all due allowance for differences int he expression and manifestation of loyalty or disloyalty arising out of the varieties of temperament, association, or habits of thought and education; but the essential distinguishing principle remains ever the same. The loyal and true citizen adheres to and supports his Government, with a faithfulness paramount to all sectional or personal interests or attachments; the disloyal is not only he who stands in open arms, boldly denying his fealty and seeking by force to overthrow our Union and Constitution, but in this class I think must be included also those who show by the expression of their sympathy, and by their daily conversation and conduct, that they concur, and would co-operate, if they dare, with the misguided men who are now in open revolt. Nobody who loves our free institutions will pretend that thought or opinions, if that were possible, should be suppressed, or would desire to invade or disturb the sacredness of private life or conversation; but in this view of civil obligaion, it must not be complained of if any public or open demonstrations or declarations of sympathy with treason should provoke a strict and needful observation of the conduct of the party offending, and lead even to punishment, or restraint, if accompanied by acts of complicity or anything tending to danger or disorder. This being my view of what might become the course of my duty, I frankly declare it, that all may be notified in advance. But at the same time I trust, with my whole heart, that no occasion may arise to ever doubt the determination of any citizen within this department to uphold the lawful Government of his country, and least of all a citizen of Maryland, on whose part any act of disloyalty now, after the noble course taken by his State, would be a double treason.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 22, 1862.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

Your command covers the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Baltimore to the Ohio River. The protection of the road and its reconstruction is an important duty intrusted to you. General Kelley's command is subordinate to you, and you will employ such means and force as you deem proper to insure the reconstruction and maintenance of the road.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Martinsburg, [W.] Va.:

Secretary of War telegraphs me that my command covers the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the Ohio, including protection of the road and its construction, and that your command is subordinate to mine. You will report to me immediately the number of your forces, and where stationed, and will furnish ample guard for parties at work on the road.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

