
BALTIMORE, MD., December 22, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram of to-day is received. I have telegraphed General Kelley to report to me immediately his forces and where stationed, and to give ample guards for construction parties on the railroads. I have ordered an officer to proceed to Hagerstown to-morrow to inspect the regiment of cavalry and take measures to have it ready for immediate service, and ascertain where the neglect has been.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, December 22, 1862.

General MILROY,

Moorefield, [W.] Va.:

Your dispatch just received. I have been absent for some days below. I am assigned the command of the troops of the Upper Potomac and charged with opening and defending the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I intend to occupy and hold Winchester as soon as practicable. I am concentrating my force on the railroad between North Mountain and Harper's Ferry; the latter place I intend to hold at all hazards. Nothing new from the Army of the Potomac. Burnside met with a terrible repulse, and I very much fear Jackson will be back in a few days, in the valley, with a large force. Have answered your communication by mail. I sent Captain Keys, with 200 cavalry, to make a reconnaissance to Winchester this morning.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-Genera.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Marietta, Ohio, December 22, 1862.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Chief of Staff, Cincinnati:

SIR: On receipt of your dispatch of 16th, containing copy of General Halleck's order in regard to General Kelley's command, I immediately communicated with General Keley, and ordered all the forces east of Rich and Cheat Mountains, i.e., all at New Creek, Petersburg, Moorefield, and Cumberland, consisting of all of Kelley's and Milroy's divisions, except one brigade in charge of the railroad west of New Creek, and in posts at Buckhannon, Beverly, Bulltown, &amp;c., to report direct to General Kelley. He, however, understands his order to be to take charge of the whole line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the Ohio, although he agrees with me that the other would be the better arrangement.

If his understanding be right, it will take all of Northwestern Virginia our of my command and out of the Department of the Ohio, leaving nothing but the Kanawha Valley and the troops there, since the posts above named are so connected with the railroad line as their supply base and line of communication that they must necessarily report to the officer commanding the railroad line west of Grafton.

I deem it necessary, therefore, to ask that the general commanding will take this matter into consideration, and obtain from the General-in-Chief a specific and definite determination of the question.

