
country toward the Rappahannock River and below Leedstown, close to Rappahannock, had been carefully searched, but nothing of importance was discovered. Captain Naylor, who took one squadron down the river road from Leedstown, and who returned to this command between 9 and 10 o'clock last night, reports to have hailed the gunboats, by whose commanders he was informed that all was clear on the rider, and that no rebel camps were in sight. About 5 o'clock the captain, as well as myself, heard the report of three guns, which were fired above Leedstown, or the direction in which the gunboats had moved, but he could not discover the cause of this firing.

I am informed that some smuggling is still going on, and that two wagon loads of goods were moved across the river, from Taylor's plantation, near Leedstown, on Friday last. These goods consisted of, according to the representations of the colored people, boxes of blankets, shoes, sugar, &amp;c. I sent a party, under command of a commissioned officer, to this farm, but we were unable to discover anything. The people informed this officer that [three was] a ferry-boat, large enough to hold two horses at a time, but that this scow was concealed on the other bank of the river, and was only brought over to get a load on certain preconcerted signals from Taylor's farm. Some smuggling is also done by Montank Creek, and the night before last some sacks containing salt were landed at the place of the Larkins, said to be a quartermaster in the rebel army, who stopped over night at his house. I had this house and the landings carefully guarded, but the man did not return last night, as he was expected to do, and a careful search of barns and out-houses, &c., revealed nothing of any kind.

I shall commence my march in the direction of the camp this morning, and return to-morrow afternoon, in order to give my horses, who have had two hard days, some easier marching.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTTO HARHAUS,

Major, Harris Light Cavalry.

BUDD'S FERRY, December 23, 1862.

General S. WILLIAMS:

I have nothing new to-day of the rebels in the vicinity of the Rappahannock. Aquia Depot is not burned. All reports confirm me in the conviction that not to exceed 3,000 troops remain on the north side of the Rappahannock.

HOOKER.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, December 23, 1862.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,Commanding Left Grand Division:

GENERAL: I submit, for your consideration, a statement showing the present condition of the thirteenth regiments of infantry constituting the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, and forming, together with two new regiment (the One hundred and twenty-first and One hundred and forty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers), the Third Division, First Army Corps.

You will perceive there are present for duty 195 officers and 4,249 enlisted men; absent, by authority, 159 officers and 3,740 men; and to fill

