
of his corps, and, on being notified from the office of the provost-marshal-general that a detachment of convalescents, &amp;c., is in readiness for him at Alexandria, will repair to that place with a copy of this order, and of the order detailing him for the duty, report to Major Wood, and make requisitions for such arms, clothing, &c., as may be necessary to fit out every man of the detachment for immediate service, with 40 rounds of ammunition.

IV. As soon as possible after the requisitions are filled, the corps officer will make the necessary issues to the men (taking such receipts from and making such charges against them as will enable him to transfer the accountability for the property issued to the commanders of regiments and companies to which the men belong, and furnish the necessary data for the settlement of their account), and conduct them to the headquarters of his corps, for distribution to their respective regiments and commands.

V. Captain H. S. Welton, Nineteenth Infantry,now at Alexandria, will report, with his company, to Major Wood, and assist him in the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, December 24, 1862.

By the orders of the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, Major-General Meade is placed in command of the Fifth Army Corps.

Duty does not less than inclination prompt the sincere and heartfelt acknowledgment of the devotion to duty, the cheerful obedience to orders, and the kindly spirit which has been evinced by the division and subordinate commanders of this corps during the time it has been under the command of the undersigned. Words fail to express my proper appreciation of the unparalleled bravery and soldierly qualities exhibited by its officers and members during the late battle of Fredericksburg, and the operations connected therewith.

On duty with and of the corps from its organization, I may be permitted, with proper pride, to say that neither remarks from me nor the gallant record of my senior and successor will be necessary to insure to him the reception and support due his rank and position.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 361. Camp near Falmouth, Va., December 24, 1862.

* * * * * * *

IV. Having reported for orders at these headquarters, Brigadier-General Mott will report to Major General Joseph Hooker, commanding center grand division.

* * * * * * *

VI. Having reported for order at these headquarters, Major-General Sedgwick will report to Major General E. V. Sumner, commanding right grand division.

VII. Having reported for orders at these headquarters, Brigadier-

