HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

General Halleck telegraphs that we must defend Harper's Ferry with our own forces; that there are no troops to be spared from Washington, D. C. State just what troops you have in your command, as no returns have yet come from General Kelley. You will continue to report to General Kelley, at the same time that you send telegrams to these headquarters.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 26, 1862-8.50 a.m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

The general commanding is gratified by your report of the movements and success of General Cluseret. He proposes to occupy Winchester permanently. You will see that measures are taken to furnish necessary supplies, and that General Kenly holds himself in readiness to give any proper support. How far west do your guards or troops posted on the railroad extend?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 26, 1862-11.35 a.m.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Commanding Harper's Ferry:

General Cluseret telegraphed General Kelley at 9 o'clock last evening that-

The enemy had appeared in his front, on the Strasburg and Front Royal roads, in strong force, with cavalry and artillery. I have sent all the cavalry I had to spare from Martinsburg and North Mountain. Please advise General Kenly, and, if possible, have Harper's Ferry strengthened. I intended to have gone there to-day, but cannot now.

You will take every measure in your power not only to secure your own position, but to give any effective support you can to General Cluseret in any movement he may find it necessary to make. I have telegraphed to Washington to ask if re-enforcements can be obtained for Harper's Ferry. If you do not already so understand, you ought to consider yourself within the command of General Kelley.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 26, 1862-11.50 a.m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

I have telegraphed to General Kenly to do all in his power to secure his own position, and to support General Cluseret as far as he can, in

