
DUMFRIES, December 28, 1862.

Major-General PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

My advance met the cavalry of the enemy about 3 miles this side of Wolf Run Shoals. I learned that the cavalry and artillery of the enemy had afterward crossed the Occoquan between Wolf Run and Occoquan. I at once sent back a brigade and one battery, with the hope of meeting them near the station. One division of my command is very near this place. The troops came without knapsacks or baggage of any kind.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers.

DUMFRIES, December 28, 1862.

General BURNSIDE:

I would have a brigade move from the station to the nearest point on the Telegraph road, which is the road the enemy followed from this point. This force will prevent their return. I have informed the troops at all points this side of Fairfax Station of the position of the enemy, and I feel sure that he cannot pass us this side of that place without a fight.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., December 18, 1862-8 p.m.

General CASEY:

I have sent one regiment and one section of artillery to Fairfax Station. There was one regiment previously there. I have had communication with General Slocum. He has sent one brigade back between Wolf Run Shoals and Fairfax Station. Colonel Wyndham has gone to Sangster's Station with 300 cavalry. All the baggage and stores at Burke's Station have arrived safely within my lines. I have reliable information that the enemy are encamped 1 1/2 miles on the other side of Burke's Station. My forces are well in position. I need some cavalry very much.

E. H. STOUGHTON,

Brigadier-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., December 28, 1862. (Received 9 p.m.)

Captain R. N. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Casey's Division:

My troops are in position. I have sent a reconnoitering party to Burke's Station. I am greatly in want of cavalry. Telegraphic communication with Burke's Station is cut off.

E. H. STOUGHTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 28, 1862.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Center Grand Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the commanding general, I have the honor to inclose a copy of instructions this day given to Brigadier-General

