HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, December 29, 1862.

Major-General HOOKER,Commanding Center Grand Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that, instead, of the brigade that was to cross the Rappahannock at Richards' Ford, you detail a division, to start to-morrow afternoon for Hartwood Church, with instructions to co-operate with the infantry brigade going to Kelly's Ford with General Averell. The division commander should be directed to send a brigade up the river as far as Morrisville, to remain there until the return of the brigade that goes with General Averell to Kelly's Ford and the cavalry that comes from Raccoon Ford, when the whole command can return to their camps. If found practicable, a brigade of this division should cross at Richards', and return by Ellis' Ford.* The division commander should consult with General Averell, and co-operate with him in his movements. You will please give the necessary directions in reference to rations, shelter-tents, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, December 29, 1862.

J. H. DEVEREUX,

Railroad Manager, Washington:

Engine Secretary just arrived, and found track considerably torn up at Burke's Station, frogs taken out, switches misplaced, and obstructions on track. Accontik Bridge partially burned. Man living at Burke's Station told Stein, conductor, that about three brigades of rebel cavalry, artillery, and infantry arrived there at 7 p.m. Captured Flagg, telegraph operator, in his office. Took possession of telegraph and put an operator, who was with them, in charge, and remained at Burke's until 12 o'clock midnight; consequently they heard all our communications, and lay in wait, expecting to capture the Secretary. The enemy went in the direction of Fairfax Court-House.

McCRICKETT,

Assistant Railroad Manager.

BALTIMORE, MD., December 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Harper's Ferry:

The following telegram has just been received from Colonel Galligher. I have ordered him to report the facts and circumstances to you fully.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

I have information from one of my scouts, just in, that a large force of cavalry and artillery are now marching on Leesburg, and would suggest that the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry be ordered to this place, as we have about 15 miles of river to guard, including the most important fords, and I think we should have some artillery here.

J. A. GALLIGHER,

Colonel, Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Barnes' report of expedition from Potomac Creek to Richards' and Ellis' Fords, December 30-31, 1862, p.742.

---------------

57 R R-VOL XXI

