
1 P. M.

Enemy opened a battery on Reynolds, enfilading Meade. Reynolds has opened all his batteries on it. No report yet. Reynolds hotly engaged at this moment. Will report in a few moments again.

1.15 P. M.

Heavy engagement of infantry [enemy in force*] where battery is. Meade is assaulting the hill. Will report again in a few moments.

1.25 P. M.

Meade is in the wood, in his front. Seems to be able to hold on. Reynolds will push Gibbson in, if necessary. The battery and wood referred to must be near Hamilton's house. The infantry firing is prolonged and quite heavy. Things look well enough. Men in fine spirits.

1.40 P. M.

Meade having carried a portion of the enemy's position in the wood, we have 300 prisoners. Enemy's batteries [battery*] on our extreme left retired. Tough work. Men fight well. Gibbon has advanced to Meade's right. Men fight well. Driving the enemy. Meade has suffered severely; Doubleday, to Meade's left, not engaged.

2.15 P. M.

Gibbon and Meade driven back from the wood; Newton gone forward. Jackson's corps, of the enemy, attacks on the left. General Gibbon slightly wounded. General Bayard mortally wounded by a shell. Things do not look so well on Reynolds' front; still, we will have new troops in soon.

2.25 P. M.

Dispatch received. Franklin will do his best. New troops gone in. Will report soon again.

3 P. M.

Reynolds seems to be holding his own. Things look better, somewhat.

3.40 P. M.

Gibbon's and Meade's divisions are badly used up, and I fear another advance on the enemy on our left cannot be made this afternoon. Doubleday's division will replace Meade's as soon as it can be collected, and, if it be done in time, of course another attack will be made. The enemy are in force in the wood on our left, toward Hamilton's and are threatening the safety of that portion of our line. They seem to have detached a portion of their force to our front, where Howe and Brooks are now engaged. Brooks has some prisoners, and is down the railroad. Just as soon as the left is safe, our forces here will be prepared for a front attack; but it may be too late this afternoon. Indeed, we are engaged in front, anyhow. Notwithstanding the unpleasant items I relate, the morale of the troops generally is good.

P. S.-Engaged now heavily in front.

4.30 P. M.

The enemy is still in force on our left and front. An attack on our batteries in front has been repulsed. A new attack has been opened on our left; but the left is safe, though it is too late to advance, either to the left or front.

From these dispatches it will be seen that one of the smallest divisions of the command [General Meade's] led the attack. At 9 o'clock it moved out, with Doubleday's division in support. At 11 o'clock it had bee moved half a mile and halted, without serious loss. One of Stoneman's divisions ordered across. At 12 o'clock this division was getting into position. At 12.05 p.m. General Meade's line was advancing in the direction I prescribed in my first order to General Franklin. At 1 p.m. the enemy opened a battery, enfilading Meade. At 1.15 p.m. infantry was heavily engaged, and Meade assaulted the hill. At 1.25 p.m. he carried the wood in his front, and seemed able to hold his ground, and Gibbon would support, if necessary. At 1.40 p.m. our men drove the enemy, and Gibbon advanced to Meade's right. At 2.15 p.m. both Gibbon and Meade were driven back from the wood. At 2.25 p.m.

---------------

*Words in brackets are in original dispatch.

---------------

