HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 30, 1862.

Colonel J. A. GALLIGHER,

Commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Point of Rocks, Md.:

The general commanding directs that you report yourself immediately by telegraph to General Kelley, at Harper's Ferry, and take your orders from him until otherwise instructed. Your report of the crossing of the enemy was premature, and has given much trouble and expense in the transportation of troops. Still, the general commanding desires you to be on the alert, but an officer can never be too careful in verifying such reports before he communicates with headquarters.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, December 30, 1862,

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry:

The following dispatch has just been received from Colonel Galligher, commanding Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

The information that the enemy were crossing at Harrison's Island came to me from Colonel Henry, stationed at mouth of Monocacy. Our pickets were fired on to-day twice within 3 miles of our camp, by the rebel pickets. We have our pickets all out to-night, allowing no one to cross any point between Berlin and mouth of Monocacy. That there are rebel cavalry scouting in the vicinity there can be no doubt. We are all prepared for an attack.

Thus it would appear, after all the trouble and preparation made on account of Colonel Galligher's report, there has been no crossing. The general commanding suspected it might turn out so. He has instructed Colonel Galligher to report for orders to you, and thus you will have a cavalry force at your command on the river below you.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,December 31, 1862. (Received 9 p.m.)

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, Willard's:

General Hooker reports that one of his brigades crossed the Rappahannock at Richfield's [Richards'?] Ford, meeting a cavalry of only 30 men. The artillery of the rebels had been removed about a week since. The brigade was moving toward Ellis' Ford at last accounts, without resistance. Nothing new here. Stahel reports all quiet at Stafford Court-House.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,Morrisville, December 31, 1862.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated 7 p.m., yesterday. My advance guard is within 1

