
captured a rebel mail and 3 rebel cavalry. I find much more Union feeling here than I expected. The portion of the Ringgold Cavalry battalion that was here left this evening, and will be at Romney by to-morrow morning. I delayed sending them to know whether you would withdrawn our troops from Moorefield after receiving my dispatch.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF UPPER POTOMAC.

Harper's Ferry, January 7, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the major-general commanding, for his information.

A portion of General Milroy's suggestions I approve.

B. F. KELLEY.

Brigadier-General.

MARIETTA, January 5, 1863. (Received 7.55 p.m.)

Major N. H. McLEAN.

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

Hearing from Colonel Latham, commanding at Beverly, that there were indications of activity among the enemy east of him, I telegraphed this morning to General Kelley for news. His headquarters are at Harper's Ferry, and he has ceased reporting to me entirely, being ordered to report to General Schenck. I append his reply. I am entirely ignorant of the force which was at New Creek, but suppose it to have been Mullingan's brigade,some 2,500 strong. The only forces in North Virginia now are two regiments guarding the tunnels and bridges of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Grafton west, being enlisted for that purpose,and two others at Buckhannon, Beverly, and Bulltown. These last two are all that are available to guard that frontier, they being simply outposts for the main body of Kelley's and Milroy's commands, which are now east of the mountains. It is manifest they are acting east upon some order which changes the department or my district, and until we are informed of it,it is impossible to know what we are responsible for in that quarter.

J. D. COX,Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

HARPERS' FERRY, January 5, 1863.

[General J. D. COX:]

I was just in the act of telegraphing you as I received yours. The enemy have come down the South Branch of the valley in quite a large force, and assailed Colonel Washburn at Moorefield night before last with 2,500 men. Command there is exposed. It ought to be strengthened at once. I will have the railroad open to-morrow; but I fear the rebels are determined it shall not be worked. Will advise you as soon as I learn anything from Moorefield. I am apprehensive about stores at New Creek.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

