
cut off his lines, destroy his communication,and capture his rear guards, outposts, &amp;c. The great object is to occupy the enemy, to prevent his making large detachments or distant raids, and to injure him all you can with the least injury to yourself. If this can be best accomplished by feints of a general crossing and detached real crossings,take that course; if by an actual general crossing, with feints on other points, adopt that course. There seems to me to be many reasons why a crossing at some point should be attempted. It will not do to keep your large army inactive. As you yourself admit, it devolves on you to decide upon the time, place, and character of the crossing which you may attempt. I can only advise that an attempt be made, and as early as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 8, 1863

General BURNSIDE:

I understand General Halleck has sent you a letter of which this is a copy. I approve this letter. I deplore the want of concurrence with you in opinion by your general officers, but I do not see the remedy. Be cautious, and do not understand that the Government or country is driving you. I do not yet see how I could profit by changing the command of the Army of the Potomac, and if I did, I should not wish to do it by accepting the resignation of your commission.

A. LINCOLN.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 7, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

MY DEAR SIR: What think you of forming a reserve cavalry corps of, say, 6,000 for the Army of the Potomac? Might not such a corps be constituted from the cavalry of Sigel's and Slocum's corps, with scraps we could pick up here and there?

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 7, 1863,

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

I do not rely much upon General Milroy's statement of the enemy's movements. He cries "wolf" so often that he may be caught. I sent you the substance of his telegram for what it was worth.

H. W. HALLECK

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, January 7, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN

Commanding Defenses of Washington:

GENERAL: I make the following recommendations as to the names of the fortifications around Washington:

That the name of the enlarged work now know as Fort Massachusetts be changed to Fort Stevens.

