
The name of the enlarged work and battery now known as Fort Pennsylvania be changed to Fort Reno.

The ne fort and batter first on the right of Fort Ripley be called Fort Mansfield.

The new fort next on its right, Fort Simmons.

The round fort near Great Falls turnpike, Fort Bayard.

The new fort between Ripley and Mansfield, and on the left of Powder Mill Branch, Battery Benson.

The battery next on its right, and on the right of Powder Mill Branch, Battery Bailey.

The battery between Fort Pennsylvania and Fort Kearny, Battery Rossell.

The battery on the left of Fort De Russy, Battery Smead.

The battery on the right of Fort De Russy, Battery Kingsbury.

The battery on extreme right on Fort Lincoln, and near Eastern Branch, Battery Maine.

The 100-pounder gun battery on Maddox Place, Battery Kemble.

The 100-pounder gun battery between Kemble and Cameron, Battery Parrott.

The battery in advance of Fort Blenker, Battery Garesche.

Should these names meet your approval, an order is requested confirming them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier General and Chief Engineer Defenses of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 7, 1863

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

GENERAL: Major-General Burnside does not attach any credit to the telegrams of General Milroy in regard to enemy's movements. General Milroy has cried "wolf" so often that he may not be believed when the wolf really comes. As I have already stated to you, I do not think it safe to keep General Milroy at Winchester with any large force.

The country between the Kanawha Valley and Staunton, if I am correctly informed, is such that a military force cannot operate there in the winter season. General Cox has sent two regiments from the Kanawha to General Kelley, and as soon as the snow is a little deeper I shall direct him to send more. He is of opinion that the forces at Staunton are to move against him. I do not believe it; but will permit him to retain his forces,at least for a short time. If matters turn out satisfactorily in Kentucky, the whole of General Cox's forces may be added to your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, Md., January 7, 1863

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Commanding Defenses of Upper Potomac, Harper's Ferry, [W.] Va.,:

SIR: Your telegram of the 6th instant, communicating Major Russell's report, was received. The general commanding agrees with you

