
HARPER'S FERRY, January 9, 1863.

General MILROY, Winchester:

Your dispatch received. The General-in-Chief, at Washington, does not desire any movement south of Winchester by your troops at present; does not wish to provoke the enemy to detach a strong force from the Fredericksburg army, and send it into the valley and drive us out and destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad again; does not desire us to move until our army moves east of the Blue Ridge; therefore, whilst it is necessary for you to be on the alert and know what is in front of you, you will make no aggressive movement, but fortify as best you can and hold Winchenster. You will regard this order as imperative.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 3. Baltimore, Md., January 9, 1863

In all cases when the troops of this army corps are captured by the enemy and paroled, the senior officer present shall cause to be prepared and forwarded to the office of the commissary-general of prisoners, at Washington, with as little delay as practicable,a full list, by regiments and companies, of all so paroled, giving the name, rank, regiment,and company of each person, the time and place of capture,and the disposition made of them.

Like rolls shall be prepared and furnished to the same office of all rebel prisoners captured by our forces.

When the circumstances are such that a roll cannot be immediately prepared, a written report, giving the number of officers and men, the time and place of capture, and the disposition made of them, shall be forwarded, followed by the necessary rolls at the earliest practicable moment.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 10, 1863. (Received 1.33 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Am making my arrangements in accordance with my letter. Reports of deserters indicate that a portion or all of Longstreet's corps is ordered to Tennessee. I will probably know to-night or to-morrow, and will inform you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

POTOMAC CREEK, January 10, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Chief of Staff:

SIR: The scouts sent to Brentsville on Thursday have not yet been heard from. Those sent to Catlett's were driven back to the lines, but

61 R R--VOL XXI

