
afterward succeeded in getting out; they have not reported. At daylight yesterday morning I sent Major Chamberlain, with 100 men, from Hartwood to Rappahannock Railroad Bridge, and Lieutenant Walker, with 12 scouts, to watch the fords. At 2 p.m. Walker was reported captured, with his party by a large force of rebels. I at once sent Colonel Sargent, with 500 men, to scour the Telegraph road to Morrisville, and cover the return of Major Chamberlain. About 9 p.m. Walker sent word that he had a brisk skirmish with about 40 rebels, near Grove Church; had lost no men, and afterward pursued his scout to Ely's Ford and toward Kelly's. He returned safely during the night to Hartwood. At 2 o'clock this morning, Major Chamberlain returned. Reports having had a brisk skirmish at Elk Run with superior force of rebels; killed 1, and recaptured a lieutenant and 2 privates of a Michigan regiment which the enemy had taken. The rebels tried to shoot the prisoners when they let them go. Major Chamberlain visited the railroad bridge at dark last night. The railroad is picketed from Bealeton to the bridge. The bridge is not yet completed; stringers and rails wanted. I will send his report as soon as it is finished. There was an infantry guard at the bridge. Colonels Sargent and Walker are out, with 500 men, with instructions to hunt up and capture all the rebels they can. I would like to have about 1,000 more cavalry. I think I could make it disagreeable for the enemy on that flank by keeping a good force constantly in motion. I have 600 picket and 500 out now.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General

TROY, N. Y., January 10, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am at Troy, N. Y., awaiting orders, as directed by Major-General Halleck. I am ready at any moment to enter upon the duties of the department intended for me as soon as ordered. This information is given in obedience to instructions from E. D. Townsend.

JOHN. E. WOOL,

Major-General,

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. GRAND RESERVE DIVISION.

Numbers 1. Stafford Court-House, Va., January 10, 1863.

I. In obedience to orders received from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, I hereby assume command of the grand reserve division, consisting of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps. Brigadier-General Stahel, as the senior officer on duty with the Eleventh Corps, will take command of the same.

II. Commanders of corps will send in, with the least possible delay, a report of their commands, and in future the regular reports of the 10th, 20th, and last day of the month will be forwarded to Lieutenant Colonel T. A. Meysenburg, assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

