
general; Major C. T. Christensen and Captain Septimus Carncross, aides-de-camp and acting assistant adjutants-generals, and Captain De Witt Clinton, aide-de-camp and acting judge-advocate.

By command of Major-General Wool:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 13, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Fairfax Court-House:

The commanding general directs that you have your command ready to move in twelve hour's notice, with three days' cooked rations in haversacks, and from six to eight days' bread and small rations in wagons, with beef-cattle for that length of time. Notice will be given you in time to have the rations cooked.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION.

January 13, 1863.

Major-General PARKE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My pickets above report the enemy have placed pickets at Pie Island and Watson's Ford, about 2 1/2 miles above Richards' Ford. No sign of enemy on the Morrissville road for several miles beyond Deep Run. Major Keenan, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding pickets, reports that one of General Averell's pickets left his post this morning between 4 and 5 o'clock; he connected with my right picket. The major thinks he has gone over to the enemy, and states that 2 men deserted from the same post two or three days ago.

The enemy commenced digging a rifle-pit at the United States Ford last night about dark. This morning, about 8 o'clock, they ceased their work, and had two pits, dug, one behind the other; each about 25 yards long.

A. PLEASONTON,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, [W.] VA., January 13, 1863

Lieutenant-Colonel WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

The following just received from General Milroy:

JANUARY 12.

General KELLEY:

Have received information from two sources to-day that a large rebel force is approaching this place, half to attack by the Front Royal and Valley pike, the other to go around by Berryville, to cut me off from Martinsburg, their object being to get the stores here, for which they are suffering. I have no cavalry for scouting, and am helpless. If I am to hold this place, my force should be doubled. Please order Washington from Romney here with my artillery and a cavalry force, to some up through Perryville.

B. F. KELLEY.

