
HARPER'S FERRY, VA, January 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

I send you a copy of dispatch just received from General Milroy. If the rumor should prove true, may I suggest that you ask that a force be sent from east of the Blue Ridge to fall on the enemy's rear? Colonel Washburn, in accordance with your instructions, fell back from Moorefield, and is holding Romney with his two regiments, the Ringgold Cavalry, and a section of artillery. He cannot be withdrawn from Romney. Lieutenant-Colonel Schickfuss, with 300 of the First New York Cavalry and a small detachment of the First and Third Virginia Infantry, is with General Milroy. Please let me hear from you on receipt of this dispatch.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, January 13, 1863.

Brigadier General R. H. MILROY, Winchester, Va.:

If you are approached by an overwhelming force, the commanding general directs that you retreat on this place; but not if you have any reasonable ground to believe you can maintain your position. He will not permit this point to be weakened, by sending the force from here to re-enforce Winchester. Do not, as I have already suggested to you, permit quartermasters' or commissary stores to accumulate at your post that may fall into the hands of the enemy, or that you will have to destroy. There is no necessity for it. I have sent you dispatch to General Schenck, and asked him to make an application for a force to move from east of the Blue Ridge to fall on the rear of the enemy that may be approaching you. Keep me fully advised. Send messages in cipher.

B. F. KELLEY.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 14, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

Dispatches from General Dix and General Rosecrans would indicate that Longstreet has been sent west to re-enforce Bragg.

H. W. HALLECK.

General-in-Chief.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

January 14, 1863.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM

Fairfax Court-House:

The general commanding directs you to provide your command with five days' rations, and to be prepared to march at a few hours' notice.

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

