
GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 6. Baltimore, Md., January 14, 1863.

The United States Treasury Department, on the 12th day of January, 1863, prescribed the following rules, in addition to the Treasury Department Regulations of August 28, 1863:

On and after this date, custom-house permits,as therein provided, must be obtained for all shipments of goods, wares, and merchandise to any point on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west of Baltimore and east of Wheeling.

No goods, wares, or merchandise whatever shall be transported for purposes of trade to any point south of the Potomac River between the parallels of Washington and Piedmont.

Family supplies can only be permitted to be transported south of the Potomac, between the parallels, named in quantities ordinarily required for actual family consumption, where satisfactory evidence of the loyalty of the proposed recipient is furnished to the customs officers before granting a permit, which permit shall be subject to such regulations as may be prescribed by the general commanding the department.

In conformity with the provisions and by authority of the Secretary of War, the major-general commanding the Middle Department and Eighth Army Corps prescribes the following as the regulations for permitting the transportation of family supplies from any point in Maryland or elsewhere across the Potomac River to and into the district of country indicated:

1st. No permit will be recognized by the military authorities as of any validity unless signed by a collector of customs, or some duly empowered revenue officer appoint by a collector; and, to this end, the collectors at Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Wheeling, and such other ports as goods may be sent from, must furnish to these headquarters a list of the persons now authorized by them to sign permits, or who may be hereafter authorized, and the places or districts at or within which such authority is to be exercised.

2d. Every such custom-house or revenue permit must be accompanied by a certificate of the officer signing the same, showing that sufficient and satisfactory proof has been made of loyalty to the United States Government on the part of the person to whom the goods are sent, and also pike proof of loyalty on the part of the person who conveys said goods.

3d. No permit will extend to cover any goods in quality or quantity more than is ordinarily required for the actual consumption of a family; of the items of which goods an accurate and specific inventory or bill must be attached to the permit and certificate.

4th. No permit will be allowed to cover spirituous liquors, or articles which are adjudged contraband of war.

5th. Upon the production of a proper permit and accompanying papers, the military authority, if satisfied with the evidence of loyalty furnished, and finding all correct, will allow the goods and party conveying the same to pass the line to the point for which the same are destined. Such pass is to be indorsed in writing on the permit, and signed by the officer giving the same.

6th. These regulations are to apply to articles transported to points within the district named, for the private use of officers or soldiers of the United States stationed south of the Potomac River; and to authorized sutler's goods transported for any regularly and lawfully appointed sutler of any regiment; but such articles, supplies, stores or goods shall be permitted to pass upon satisfactory evidence given of their character, and of the authorized character of those for whom they are intended. But if any officer, soldier, or sutler shall be detected in trading or mak-

