
ing resale to citizens of goods sent to or conveyed by him, he shall be immediately arrested for punishment,and his case reported to these headquarters.

7th. Major William M. Este, aide-de-camp, at these headquarters, and Brigadier-General Kelley, commanding at Harper's Ferry, or such commissioned officers as he shall designate at Point of Rocks, Berlin, Harper's Ferry, Williamsport, Hanover, Cumberland, and New Creek, are alone authorized to examine permits and indorse upon them the required passes.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 14. Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 14, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IV. The regiments and companies of sharpshooters in this army will form a distinct arm of the service, and will be under the command of Colonel Berdan, as chief of sharpshooters, who will report directly to these headquarters. Detachments from this force will be sent from time to time to the different grand divisions on detached service, to be used as sharpshooters.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Burnside:

[LEWIS RICHMOND,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. GRAND RESERVE DIVISION,Numbers 4. Stafford Court-House, January 14, 1863

The following-named officers of the staff of the Eleventh Corps will report to Brigadier-General Stahel, commanding Eleventh Corps for orders: Major F. Kappner, aide-de-camp and chief engineer; Major H. Baldwin, jr., One hundred and nineteenth New York Volunteers assistant inspector of infantry; Captain L. Schirmer, Second New York Battery, chief of artillery and ordnance, Captain F. C. Winkler, judge-advocate; Captain F. Dessauer, acting aide-de-camp,and Captain C. R. Bowe, postal director.

In parting with these officers, I desire to tender them my sincere thanks for the fidelity with which they have always executed the duties assigned them.

[F. SIGEL.]

Major-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 16, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: Your note of this date is just received,and I have sent one of my aides to obtain the information you desire.

The latest report of United States Ford, of the 14th, states the enemy had two camps there; had dug two rifle-pits, one behind the other, about

