
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 17, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

Slocum's forces are at your disposal as heretofore; but Heintzelman cannot occupy his position, in any considerable force, without drawing troops from the fortifications, which cannot be permitted.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 17, 1863-12 m. [Received 12.30 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

Slocum is under orders to move at daylight to-morrow morning, with the understanding that Heintzelman holds the line of Bull Run and the Occoquan, as you suggest. It is desirable to take Sigel's cavalry from the Occoquan to join him. A messenger will reach you to-night with details of my plan.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 17, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

General Heintzelman will be able to hold the line of Bull Run and the Occoquan, if notified of Slocum's withdrawal; but he cannot go south of the latter. Even these positions can only be held in weak force as outposts.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT GRAND DIVISION, January 17, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

General: I do not wish to commence the movement of my command on Sunday, if it can be avoided. I shall, therefore, be glad if the commanding general will, before he orders definitely the move for to-morrow, let me know whether it is certain that the necessary roads for the approaches to the bridges can be finished by Monday morning. If they cannot, I suggest, respectfully, that they ought to be finished on Monday night, and that, therefore, perhaps Monday morning will be as soon as my command need move. I make this suggestion with diffidence, knowing the desire of the commanding general that the movement shall be commenced as soon as possible. But I prefer to move on Monday, unless time will be gained by making the move to-morrow; and my present impression is, from what I saw of the ground to-day, that the preparations cannot be made during to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Left.

