
Recently General Moor, with two regiments, has been brought from the Kanawha, and put at Buckhannon, in command of the six regiments [his own and the two from Kelley's and Milroy's divisions each], having in charge the protection of the railroad west of New Creek, and of the frontier from Grafton south to Sutton.

The questions left undecided by the dispatch are, therefore, first, whether General Moor's new brigade interferes with the order of the War Department, and, secondly, whether General Milroy's division was intended to be taken from this command.

I suppose the order could properly carry those parts of Kelley's and Milroy's divisions now east of the mountains, and, in fact, engaged in the operations based on New Creek, Cumberland, and Winchester, and would leave the arrangements west of those positions as it now stands. I should assume this to be the case, and act accordingly, but General Kelley has formed the opinion that the intention was to extend the Middle Department territorially to the Ohio River, and the subordinate officers are embarrassed with regard to their duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Major-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 18, [1863.]

Generals SUMNER, FRANKLIN, and HOOKER:

From information received, the commanding general directs me to inform you that if any movements is made in the direction of United States Ford, it will be simply a feint, with a view to an actual move in another direction. The regiment, therefore, will not carry their knapsacks, and only a portion of the command will be designated to march [say, parts of each regiment]. Ample notice will be given. Men on extra and fatigue duty will not be relieved for the present.

Please make this entirely confidential, and burn it.

JNO. G. PARKE.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION, Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 18, 1863.

The movement of the center grand division, ordered for the 19th instant, is again postponed until 1 p.m. the 20th instant.

By command of Major General Joseph Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, January 18, 1863.

Major-General PARKE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My pickets at United States Ford report the enemy throwing up a great many rockets at that place last night; also the moving of their artillery wagons nearly the whole night.

A scout of mine just in from Morrisville reports the enemy have the river very strongly picketed up as far as that point, evidently expecting a move on our part, and thinks that is the reason I have not yet heard from the spy sent over several days ago.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

62 R R-VOL XXI

