HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, January 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff, Right Grand Division:

COLONEL: The enemy have been throwing up rockets at the United States Ford during the night, and my pickets also report that artillery wagons could be heard moving on the other side, in that vicinity, nearly the whole night.

One of my scouts from Morrisville reports the river as strongly picketed by the enemy beyond that point, evidently expecting a move on our part. No enemy on this side as far as Morrisville.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, [W.] Va., January 18, 1863.

Colonel WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Baltimore:

The following telegram just received from General Milroy, via Martinsburg:

WINCHESTER, VA., January 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

About 1,000 rebel cavalry crossed Shenandoah River below Berry's Ferry night before last. About half that number were seen 7 miles from here, to the right of the pike to Martinsburg, this afternoon. The Twelfth Virginia [rebel] Cavalry was on the Strasburg pike, this side of Newtown, this forenoon, and captured 2 of my vedettes. A squad of my cavalry pursued, had skirmish with them, and had 1 horse killed. Jones is reported between this and Strasburg with 2,700 infantry. I have no fears of this place. They are after my trains or the railroad. If I had Washburn's two regiments here and another cavalry regiment, I would bag the whole of them. It is cruel to keep me here so helpless.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 19, 1863-3.25 a.m.

Major-General SLOCUM,Fairfax Court-House:

You will move your command, with all the speed possible without breaking your men down, to the neighborhood of Dumfries, where you will receive further orders as to your movements. You will leave the force that is now at Wolf Run Shoals until it is relieved by General Heintzelman, when it will join you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

STATION, January 19, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

GENERAL: Under your written orders, received at 7 o'clock this morning, my troops and trains are now in motion toward Dumfries. I have

