
now received a telegram from your headquarters to move immediately, and that written orders?

Respectfully,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Memorandum.]

I suppose he refers to the message you sent him early this morning. I could nor raise the office at Fairfax Station until about an hour ago.

OPERATOR.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 19, 1863. Washington, January 19, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Army of the Potomac:

The change in General Slocum's command complained of will not be made. General Rosecrans announces the arrival of Longstreet's forces in his front.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JANUARY 19, 1863-2.15 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Army of the Potomac:

The change in General Slocum's command complained of will not be made. General Rosecrans announces the arrival of Longstreet's forces in his front.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JANUARY 19, 1863-2.15 p.m.

Major-General SIGEL, Stafford Court-House:

The commanding general directs that your order a division to be distributed as follows, with its headquarters at Potomac Creek Station: One brigade, with artillery, to guard Potomac Run Railroad Bridge and Brooke's Station Bridge; one brigade at Aquia Creek Landing, for defense, and to furnish details for fatigue duty; one to Belle Plain, relieving as early as possible to-morrow morning the troops of General Franklin at the two landings. Order one division to extend from Maria Church to Hartwood, with headquarters at the first named point. Order General Slocum, who is now under orders to Dumfries, to bring all of his corps, except the garrison at Wolf Run Shoals and Dumfries, to Stafford Court-House; the garrison of Wolf Run Shoals to be brought down as soon as relieved by the troops of General Heintzelman.

You will locate your headquarters as you may deem proper, and establish outposts of infantry and cavalry in the direction of Stafford Springs and Deep Run. At the same time send scouting parties as far as Brentsville, Catlett's, Rappahannock Station, and the fords on the Rappahannock. We have information that Hampton's cavalry is between the Rapidan and the Rappahannock.

The telegraph should be constructed to your headquarters as soon as established.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS GRAND RESERVE DIVISION, Stafford Court-House, Va., January 19, 1863.

Brigadier General J. STAHEL,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to order one division to extend from Maria Church, on the Falmouth-Hartwood road, to

