
Hartwood, to connect with the right of the Second Division, which will remain at Falmouth. Headquarters of this division will be at Maria Church. The division to march at 7 a.m. to-morrow.

One brigade will march at 5 a.m. to-morrow to Belle Plain, and two regiments and a section of artillery to Brooke's Station, to guard Potomac Creek Bridge and Brooke's Station Bridge. The latter detachment will join its division as soon as relieved by a brigade of the Twelfth Corps.

One brigade will march at 6 a.m. to-morrow to Aquia Creek Station. The brigades at Belle Plain and Aquia Creek Station will furnish all details for fatigue and guard duty that may be required at those points. Headquarters of that division will be near Potomac Creek Bridge. The cavalry of the Eleventh Corps, with the exception of a detachment to accompany the Third Division to Hartwood Church, will march to Allcock, near Hartwood, and remain there until further orders.

Infantry and cavalry pickets will be posted, guarding all the territory from Deep Run to Stafford Springs, with patrols and scouting parties to Brentsville, Catlett's, Rappahannock Station, and to the fords on the Rappahannock River. Supply depots will be at Falmouth, Brooke's Station, Aquia Creek Station, and Belle Plain.

Headquarters of the grand reserve division will remain at Safford Court-House until further orders. Commanders of divisions and brigades will see that no huts or log cabins are set on fire in breaking up the camps.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, VA., January 19, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM, Fairfax, Va.:

According to orders received from Major-General Burnside, you will march with your corps to Stafford Court-House to-morrow, and establish your headquarters at that place. The detachment at Wolf Run Shoals will stay there until relieved by Heintzelman. The detachment at Dumfries will also remain there until relieved by other troops from Dumfries to Aquia. You may use the roads-the Telegraph and the other passing Keys' Ford and Purcell's Mill. Please acknowledge.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, January 19, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: I send you a Richmond paper of the 14th. The editorial is interesting, as showing the rebel authorities are thinking more of the West than of this part of the country.

Very truly, yours,A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

