
where you will mass it on the right-hand side of the road, and out of sight of the enemy on the opposite shore of the river. The orders in regard to General Birney's division have already been furnished you. It is desirable that you should march early, in order that the road may be opened for the Fifth Corps.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, January 20, 1863-9.45 p.m.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

All the troops of the Eleventh Corps have arrived in their respective positions. General Slocum's corps has arrived at Dumfries during the day, and will proceed to Stafford Court-House to-morrow morning early. The infantry pickets are posted as directed by you. The cavalry has occupied Allcock, and thrown out their pickets.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 10. Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 20, 1863.

A strict observance of the requirements of the following circular from the provost-marshal-general will be enjoined by the commanders of grand divisions:

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Office of the Provost-Marshal-General, January 17, 1863.

In view of the alarming frequency of desertion from this army of late, provost-marshals of grand divisions, corps, and divisions are called upon to redouble their watchfulness and vigilance to prevent it, by patrolling the immediate vicinity of their camps with infantry, and at a greater distance with cavalry, moving both day and night, to arrest all persons, whether dressed as citizens or soldiers, found outside the chains of sentinels without passes or other proper authority.

On the march, provost-marshals will follow up, and flank with cavalry, the columns to which they respectively belong, driving up every loiterer, straggler, and skulker to his company, or placing him under guard. During action, provost-marshals will hold themselves in rear of their respective corps and divisions, out of range but within sight of the field, in order that stragglers and skulkers may be gathered and forced to return to their regiments [permitting none but the driver, with two privates of the ambulance corps, to accompany each ambulance]; they will select positions for the reception of prisoners captured by the division, and establish guards suitable for their safe custody, with orders to the officers to require the prisoners to account for their arms, &c., as they are brought in; they will assist the quartermaster in keeping open the line of communication; they will ascertain the position of division hospitals and ambulance parks, ammunition, quartermaster, and subsistence trains, and place guides at prominent points to direct to them, and will charge trusty non-commissioned officers with keeping themselves acquainted with the whereabouts of generals of brigades and divisions, in order that they may furnish the necessary information to staff officers.

Should any of the provost-marshals find themselves without the means of carrying out these instructions, they will, without delay, apply to their respective commanders.

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

