SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 20. Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 20, 1863.

I. The Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps will hereafter be known as the grand reserve division of this army, under the command of Major

General F. Sigel, U. S. Volunteers. This order to have effect from the date he was authorized to assume the command of both corps.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Burnside:

[LEWIS RICHMOND,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,No. 19. Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 20, 1863.

The center grand division will march to-day, and its place of crossing the Rappahannock will be at a point just above Banks' Ford, instead of United States Ford, as before indicated.

One division of the Third Corps will be held in readiness to march at 11 a.m., and will be conducted to their place of bivouac for the night by an aide-de-camp of General Woodbury. This division will assist in getting the pontoons down to the river, under the direction of the engineer officer, and will then be thrown across the river in pontoons, with a view to holding the opposite bank while the bridges are being built. The remainder of the command, except the batteries already detailed for special service, and the cavalry on picket, will march in such a manner as to have the head of the column at the place of crossing at 7.30 a.m. on the 21st. The column will march at 1 p.m. to-day. The route each corps will take, and place for bivouac, will be determined this forenoon, and a staff officer from each corps headquarters will report at 7 a.m., to accompany staff officers from these headquarters. The Third Corps will take the route nearest the river, avoiding Falmouth and a view of the opposite shore of the Rappahannock. All the pioneers of the command will march with their tools. The camps will be struck, and the wagons loaded and parked ready for march at short notice. The same disposition will be made of the ammunition and supply trains. Ambulances will follow the column.

It is required that these movements, as well as those relating to the batteries on special service, be made with promptitude.

By command of Major General Joseph Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

