
banks. Before the rain began, we had every prospect of being able to throw three bridges over at daylight. The rain has prevented surprise, and charged our condition entirely.

It seems to me the part of prudence to abandon the present effort, not only because the enemy must be aware of our intention, but because the roads are everywhere impassable. As the enemy, doubtless, has some guns in position on the opposite side, will be not be so dependent upon the condition of the roads; besides, he has a plank road coming up to the probable field of battle. All my men are tired our by their night work, and cannot give to the fatigue parties that energetic attention necessary to efficiency. We can, I have no doubt, be ready to build our bridges at daylight to-morrow morning; hardly before. We could build two this afternoon, but if we could build a dozen this afternoon, I think it would be better to abandon the enterprise.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 21, 1863.

General WOODBURY:

It is not probable that we will attempt to cross to-morrow. Come stock has gone up to see you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION, Sweatman House, Va., January 21, 1863-7 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to acknowledge your instructions, dated 20th instant, 10.45 p.m., with inclosures addressed to Generals Franklin and Sigel. Reference is made to additional instructions having been furnished me, but these are the only I have received in regard to what my movements shall be on the opposite side of the river. My topographical engineer reports to me that General Woodbury informed him that only pontoons had arrived sufficient for one bridge, and he had sent for the others to come down. I have the honor to report that no guide has reported to me. Having received no instructions of the route which Franklin was to take in marching to this point, my troops have been delayed by his column. The head of Meade's corps is en route, and will reach the church about 8 o'clock. Birney's division is at the river and Stoneman's corps is still farther than Meade's to the rear.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION, Sweatman House, Va., January 21, 1863-11 a.m.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to request that you will not leave your camp until further orders; and, in case you should

