
have left, to request that you will return to it immediately, and there await further orders. The general would advise you to re-establish your camps, owing to the precarious of the weather.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

JANUARY 21, [1863]-7.40 [a.m.]

General FRANKLIN:

It is not possible to get these boats into the river so that we can make a fight to-day, and the enemy will have all night to concentrate against us. There are yet no boats ready to put in the water, and they are all along the road for 2 miles. The artillery is none of it in position, and not all here, the road blocked by pontoons. I think the state of the weather should be reported at once.

W. F. S. [WM. F. SMITH,]

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, January 21, 1863. [Received 5 p.m.]

Major-General PARKE, Chief of Staff:

The following report has just been received from General Slocum, at Chopawamsic Creek, 2 p.m.:

One division of my corps has just arrived at Chopawamsic Creek. Find the bridge gone and the creek not fordable. Am building a bridge. Hope to complete it to-day. The other division is at Dumfries, and cannot cross the Quantico. The supply train and ammunition train is also the other side of the Quantico. I shall be obliged to press through to Stafford Court-House with the main portion of my infantry to-morrow, as my supplies will then be out, and as there is no hope of my supply train getting up.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

I will send out my pioneers to assist General Slocum, and see whether we cannot bring part of his troops across Aquia Creek, at Hope Landing. Provisions will be sent to Hope Landing for him.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, January 21, 1863-6.50 p.m.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

The following report from Colonel [Di] Cesnola, who is stationed at Allcock, has been received, dated 8 a.m.:

I patrolled the most important roads last evening, and met a party of rebel cavalry, 15 or 20, who probably were nothing but a scouting party. I sent, at daylight, small reconnoitering parties, under the command of several captains, on the Warrenton road, Elk Run road, and a road leads to Stafford Springs. I sent patrols to Kellysville, to Wheatley Post-Office, and to Ulysses Ford, which is marked on the map, but without any name, and could scour more satisfactorily all these roads if I had a stronger force with me. I have pickets on all the roads and entrances of the woods, besides my outposts, 1 1/2 miles on the Elk Run road; so I do not fear any surprise.

This is in substance what the colonel reports.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

