HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION, Sweatman House, Va., January 22, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

To remain until to-morrow involves the necessity of hauling provisions up from camp to-day, as our rations will give out to-night, except in Sykes' division. The road will have to be corduroyed before even provisions can be hauled over. I have all of my troops at work on the road this morning. I have informed you of this that you may understand our condition.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION,No.-. Camp at Sweatman House, January 22, 1863.

In compliance with instructions from the Headquarters of the Army of the Potomac, January 22, the Third and Fifth Corps and reserve artillery will return to their respective camps near Potomac Creek tomorrow; the movements to commence as soon as the roads are in a condition to admit of the artillery being passed over them, and the batteries detailed for special service have joined the divisions to which they belong. The withdrawal from the positions on the river will commence with the reserve batteries. The Third Corps will return by the road they marched out on, and the Fifth Corps by the road opened by Griffin's division to-day, if practicable; if not, by the road by which they left camp.

Corps commanders will have the necessary details made to have the roads put in condition for the passage of artillery, and to assist it in passing over them. The reserve Artillery, under Captain De Russy, will be attached to the Fifth Corps for the march.

Forage and rations for one day are ordered to be up to-morrow at daylight.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General WOODBURY,Commanding Engineer Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that orders have been issued to Major-Generals Franklin and Hooker to withdraw their commands; and also that General Franklin has been ordered to detail a division to remain as a guard to the pontoon trains. The general wishes you to have the pontoons collected and trains parked in good positions, so that they can be withdrawn as soon as the condition of the roads will admit.

You will please send an aide back with the orderly, for such further verbal instructions as the general may deem necessary, on receiving report of the condition of trains, &c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

