HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION, January 22, 1863.

General WOODBURY:

GENERAL: General Burnside wished me to say to you that the whole army will move back to their old camp [probably commence the movement to-morrow a.m.], and that he wished the pontoon and bridge train moved to one side of the roads, placing the bateaux on skids, &amp;c., or as your judgment may suggest, that the train may not be frozen in the mud. They will not be moved for a few days, but a guard of a division or two will be detailed to guard them.

Respectfully, &c.,N. BOWEN,

First Lieutenant Topographical Engineers.

BURNSIDE'S HEADQUARTERS, January 22, 1863.

General WOODBURY,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, Hooker's Headquarters:

For fear I did not mention it in my note of this morning, I will say that General Burnside wishes the bridge train, &c., concealed from view of the enemy.

N. BOWEN,

Lieutenant Topographical Engineers.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, January 22, 1863-10.40 a.m. [Received 11.30 a.m.]

Major-General PARKE, Chief of Staff:

Dispatch of General Burnside received. General Slocum's troops are on the Chopawamsic. One of my aides was with him last night, and gave him all the information I could send him. I informed him of your dispatch, so that he may do what he thinks best. He has five day's provisions in his corps train, and can get provisions and forage from Evansport and Hope Landing, so that there is no danger.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

STAFFORD COURT-HOUSE, January 22, 1863.

Colonel CANDY:

Send immediately to General Slocum and inform him that it is not necessary for him to hasten on, but that the important object is to provision his troops where they are for a few days. He may halt one division at the Chopawamsic Creek, and provision them from his supply train, if that is possible. The other may proceed to Aquia Creek, and get provisions from Hope Landing. I leave it to him to do what he thinks best. Inform me where Slocum's supply train is-if at Dumfries, or has it proceeded and crossed Quantico and Chopawamsic?

Answer.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

