HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, January 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff, Right Grand Division:

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have had citizen William Monroe arrested and turned over to the provost-marshal-general, for giving information to the enemy; also a citizen by the name of Porch.

At 11 a.m. to-day, my pickets report that at the United States Ford the enemy had a working party of about 35, who had just commenced digging rifle-pits [apparently], some 300 or 400 yards from the river; also a small mounted party [5 or 6] were riding around the same locality, as though to select position for artillery.

All quiet below. The enemy's pickets in the same positions.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SUMNER'S HEADQUARTERS, January 22, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

The line of enemy's infantry reported at 11 a.m. moving toward our right is more distinctly seen. There is but one regiment strung out, with one ambulance and two wagons following. Think it is picket relief.

TAYLOR,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, January 22, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,Commanding, &amp;c., Harper's Ferry, [W.] Va.:

GENERAL: I do not yet learn what has become of the two regiments which General Halleck informed me General Cox sent to report to you. Neither do I know yet what particular troops they are. One of those regiments, perhaps, might answer to take the place of Colonel Galligher's cavalry regiment, at Point of Rocks; and I want also a regiment at Annapolis, to relieve Colonel Stanton's regiment, Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, now stationed there, and furnishing the guard for the paroled camp, Annapolis Railroad, and other property.

Colonel Stanton's regiment is quite a full one, and I shall probably send it to you in the event of an exchange. But the regiment I want in that place I would prefer to have from a free State, or at least not a Maryland regiment, which might be likely to sympathize with deserters and affiliate with the people around them.

General Milroy, in a private letter to me, mentions his great desire to have the whole of his command together at Winchester. He says:

Two of my regiments [the One hundred and sixteenth and One hundred and twenty-third Ohio], two sections of my artillery, and one of my cavalry companies are detained at Romney, where they are not needed, while this place is held by our forces. Colonel Mulligan with this his regiment and battery and six companies of the Ringgold Cavalry Battalion are ample for that point; and the Fourteenth [West] Virginia,

