
stationed at New Creek, is ample for the safety of that place. Let me have the whole of my command, with an adequate supply of cavalry here, and no rebel of sufficient strength to be dangerous will ever pass my right or left, to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and escape in safety.

Please give me your opinion of this proposition of Milroy, to have that portion of his command which is at Romney rejoin him at Winchester, and Colonel Mulligan to throw forward a portion of his force at New Creek to occupy Romney. I think, perhaps, some such arrangements might be made with advantage, thus having a stronger concentration at Winchester. Mulligan, however, should in any event keep one of his two batteries at New Creek. Will it be safe now to trust New Creek to one regiment and a battery against any possible rebel approach from the direction of Petersburg?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARIETTA, OHIO, January 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCAMMON, Fayette, [W.] Va.:

Your dispatch this date received. Crook will take only the four regiments mentioned yesterday, without wagons or animals. All the cavalry will report to you except Schambeck's troop, which you will send, by way of Summerville and Bulltown, to report to General Moor, at Buckhannon. The troop will take its transportation, with forage enough to last them through. Give them the most stringent orders in regard to their conduct on the march. The Fifth [West] Virginia will remain at Ceredo; the Thirteenth [West] Virginia, half at Point Pleasant and half at Coalsmouth; at Charleston and Camp Piatt, each half a regiment. You will command the whole Kanawha District. Headquarters had probably better be at Gauley, unless you prefer remaining where you are. Fuller advices by mail.

By command of Major-General Cox:

S. L. CHRISTIE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Marietta, Ohio, January 22, 1863.

Brigadier General E. P. SCAMMON, Fayette Court-House:

GENERAL: In addition to the directions given in my telegram of today, I desire to call your attention to the desirability of keeping a post at Summerville, as only by this means can the telegraph line be protected and communication kept up across the country with General Moor. I suggest that a regiment of infantry and half a regiment [or, say, three squadrons] of cavalry at Fayette; one regiment of infantry at Tompkins' farm, and the balance at Gauley, will give you the best opportunity of moving from a central position to the support of your advanced posts if the enemy move either by the Lewisburg or Raleigh roads. Tompkins' farm has advantages for commanding the road by artillery a long way, from positions prepared on the hills by General Rosecrans. Please examine these carefully, in person, up to the block-house on top of the mountain, to the left and front of Tompkins' house.

