
approval of the President, dismissed from the military service of the United States.

III. Brigadier General John Newton, commanding Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, and Brigadier General John Cochrane, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, for going to the President of the United States with criticisms upon the plans of their commanding officer, are, subject to the approval of the President, dismissed from the military service of the United States.

IV. It being evident that the following named officers can be of no further service to this army, they are hereby relieved from duty, and will report, in person, without delay, to the Adjutant-General, U. S. Army: Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding left grand division; Major General W. F. Smith, commanding Sixth Corps; Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, commanding Second Division, Ninth Corps; Brigadier General Edward Ferrero, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps; Brigadier General John Cochrane, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Corps; Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Taylor, assistant adjutant-general, right grand division.

By command of Major General A. E. Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General BROOKS,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general wishes me to inform you that, if you can succeed in bringing the pontoon trains back as far as the valley to the right of General Couch's quarters, you can return to your division, and report to your corps commander. The general wishes you to confer with General Woodbury, and render him assistance in removing the trains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, Near Banks' Ford, Va., January 23, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel MAGRUDER,Detachment Fifteenth Regiment New York Engineers:

COLONEL: There having been a delay in getting your pontoon train down here from your camp near Monroe's, which would have endangered the success of the attempt to cross the river, even in case the cause of delay; to state why you did not have your teams hitched up and your train got under way as soon as you received official notice of the time and place of crossing the river. The general commanding expected you would take the necessary steps to be on the ground in time, and was greatly disappointed in not finding this expectation realized. In making this inquiry now, he does not wish to impute any blame, but simply to call for an explanation.

Very respectfully,

H. W. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Same sent to Major Spaulding, commanding.]

