
GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 16, 1864-6 p.m. (Received 6.30 p.m.)

General TERRY:

A deserter reports that the large gun which was in battery at the Howlett house on river was buried before they left. The commanding general directs that, if possible, your picket-line ascertain the truth of this. If true, spike the gun effectually, roll it down the bluff, and blow up the magazine. It is opposite one of the embrasures; he thinks the third one.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 16, 1864-6.45. p.m.

Brigadier-General Foster is charged with the execution of this order, if it can be accomplished. He will make a push for it.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. TERRY:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 16, 1864. (Received 6.40 p.m.)

General TERRY:

The gun General Weitzel just telegraphed you about, as being in the battery at the Howlett house, is there to a certainty. It is corroborated by a prisoner just received. It is a 10-inch columbiad. Find and knock off a trunnion with a blacksmith's sledge, and effectually destroy it. Make a push for it.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

(Official copy sent to general Foster.)
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 16, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

General Terry had returned from the front prior to receiving the telegrams relative to the picket-line and the columbiad. Before he left the front every gun had been sent into the intrenchments, and the infantry, with the exception of two regiments on the extreme right, which were retiring skirmishing, were within the picket-line first established upon our arrival. General Foster was left at the front in charge with orders to re-establish our first picket-line, everything being considered in the most favorable condition. Upon the reception of the telegrams alluded to above General Terry immediately went to the front to execute the orders, and has not returned.

Respectfully,

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

