
JUNE 16, 1864-3.10 p.m.

General TURNER:

General Terry will be obliged to withdraw on your right as he is attacked in force. You had therefore better withdraw at once.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Point of Rocks, Va., June 16, 1864.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of a reconnaissance made to-day in obedience to orders received at 8 a.m. from the major-general commanding. I moved with the Sixty-second Ohio, Nineteenth Wisconsin, Second New Hampshire, and twenty-five men of Mounted Rifles (in all about 550 men) over the causeway on my extreme left. At the same time I shoved forward my picket-line, about 100 strong, on the Mill road. I found but few of the enemy in my front, and they were easily pushed back. I advanced without delay to the junction of the Port Walthall railroad with the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad, and immediately commenced the destruction of the road. I was here joined by the Maryland cavalry dismounted; 200 First U. S. Colored Cavalry dismounted; District of Columbia cavalry, and One hundred and sixty-third Ohio, 100-days' men. The Maryland regiment was to have been with me from the start, but it did not reach the point of rendezvous in time, and I went without it. The others were ordered from camp after I started. I destroyed about a mile of the road completely, burning every tie, and heating the rails, and from a half or three-quarters of a mile was overturned onto the side of the road or down the embankment. I also destroyed the telegraph line on the railroad and turnpike, with a camp containing quite an amount of camp and garrison equipage and subsistence. I remained till 5 p.m., when, in obedience to the orders of the major-general commanding and Brigadier-General Terry, I withdrew to my line, the enemy following in small force.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Hatcher's, Va., June 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding is informed that there is a gap between the left of Colonel Hawley's brigade and General Turner's picket-line of about a mile. Brigadier-General Foster, who was directed to take charge of this, ordered Colonel Abbott, who commands three Ohio regiments, to picket it. The brigadier-general commanding request that you take charge of this line and see that it is properly picketed, using the Ohio regiments mentioned above, or any other in your command that you deem best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

