
JUNE 16, 1864.

General SMITH:

The officer commanding the reconnoitering party has reported to me. He advanced on the river-bank so as to have a clear view beyond the stream that flows from below Jordan's to the river. The enemy is strongly intrenched all along on the opposite side of the river, with batteries placed to enfilade the rifle-pits on this side. Their force appears to be there. On this side the force is not strong, though they are strengthening themselves. Their skirmishers are not much advanced from the line where we left them last night. The bank of the river is highest on the other side. In the charge to-night I anticipate the reverse and enfilanding fire which galled Stedman last night, and shall hope to get some cover on the south side of the railroad. Owing to the concentration of force on the other side of the river I do not believe an assault along the river, on this side, to be practicable. It will be necessary to bear toward the railroad.

J. H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 16, 1864.

General MARTINDALE:

Commanding Second Division:

General Smith desires me to say that there will be no objection to your remaining where you propose to to-night, provided you can hold your position against any odds. The general commanding cannot see any particular advantage to be gained by it. The position on the bluffs he thinks most secure. You cannot hope for much assistance to-night. Two brigades have been sent to the Army of the Potomac. Please relieve the heavy artillery on picket by one of your old regiments.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 16, 1864.

General HINKS:

The general commanding directs that you post two regiments, with strong picket-lines, to watch the crossing of the Appomattox from our right to the point where the river is under the guard of our gun-boats.

Respectfully, &c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, June 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ:

You, will immediately upon receipt of this order, move with your command to the old lines, leaving one regiment with General Smith. Your cavalry are of the utmost importance on this line.

By command of General Butler:

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

