
for some time. Prisoners state they know nothing of any of the enemy's movements. Chapman is still advancing. We have lost 15 to 20 men. General Crawford's division occupies the cross-roads and holds the crossing over White Oak Swamp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Clarke's House, two miles west of Charles City Court-House, June 13, 1864-4.20 p.m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,Bermuda Hundred, Va.:

Head of column has just reached this place. Will be at Fort Powhatan to commence crossing by 10 a.m. to-morrow. Communicate with me if infantry can be transferred rapidly from Wilcox's Wharf. If so, please direct quartermaster to make all necessary preparations immediately.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, In the Field, June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: Major Babcock has reported to me with your dispatch. Owing to the burning of the wharves it may take a little-time to be ready to transfer troops from Wilcox's Wharf to Wind-Mill Point, which is directly opposite; but I have ordered barges, landing material, and water transportation down there. You will then land about fourteen miles from Petersburg. There were this morning but about 2,000 men in Petersburg, partly militia. I can, by 3 o'clock to-morrow, have 3,000 well mounted cavalry ready to co-operate with you against Petersburg. General Weitzel is at Fort Powhatan, and will have a bridge ready there, I think, by 10 a.m. to-morrow. General Benham's pontoon train will also be at Fort Powhattan to-night. I should be very happy to meet you at my headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Charles City Court-House, Va., June 13, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept.of Va. and N. C., Bermuda Hundred, Va.:

GENERAL: You will please turn over to such officers of the quartermaster's and engineer departments as Major General George G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, may designate, all the ferry-boats and other transportation available, including the pontoon-boats and bridging material you have at your command, to be used in crossing the army to the south side of the James River. This is not intended to interfere with any bridge you may laid absolutely necessary for your operations. Also immediately cause the boats you have loaded with stone

