SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 36. City Point, Va., June 17, 1864.

I. The chief quartermaster of the armies operating against Richmond will immediately cause to be repaired and put in proper condition the wharves at City Point and Bermuda Hundred and build such new ones at either or both of these places, and at such points on the Appomattox River, as he may deem necessary; and provide and construct store-houses at the two former places sufficient for the storage of all supplies that may be collected there for the army. He will repair and put in condition for immediate use the Petersburg and City Point Railroad. He will also discharge from Government service all water transportation not absolutely necessary for facilitating military operations.

II. Major General Q. A. Gillmore, U. S. Volunteers, is, at his own request, hereby relieved from command of the Tenth Army Corps, serving in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, to take effect and date from June 14 instant, and will proceed to Washington, D. C., and report to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders. His personal staff has permission to accompany him.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 17, 1864-11 p.m.

A vigorous assault on the enemy's works will be made to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock by the whole force of the Fifth, Ninth, and Second Corps. Corps commanders will make all needful arrangements in time to have the assault simultaneous, and are directed to make it in strong columns, well supported, so that, if successful, it can be followed up. Brigadier-General Neill will hold his division of the Sixth Corps, and the officer commanding that portion of the Eighteenth Corps on the Spring Hill road will also hold his command ready to advance and attack in their fronts, or move to the left in support of the attacks of the other corps. There is reason to believe the Ninth Corps this evening penetrated what was then main line, and the commanding general hopes by a united and vigorous effort to drive the enemy beyond the Appomattox.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 17, 1864-8 p.m. (Received 10.55 19th.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

If the bridge across the James River has been taken up the commanding general directs that you at once relay it to cross a portion of General Wilson's division of cavalry to cover the movement of the gen-

