HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 16 [17], 1864-5.30 a.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Push any advantage Burnside and Barlow may have gained; call on Warren for troops if necessary. I am satisfied Lee's army is coming up and our only chance is now. I will be on the field in a short time.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 17, 1864-6 a.m.

General MEADE:

General Burnside was with me at the moment of the receipt of your dispatch. Troops will be pushed forward at once. Our troops are already on suitable ground in advance of the enemy's redoubts captured this morning, as well as those captured before, and we will try to push everything ahead. My impression is that if General Warren or the bulk of this forces would go in on the left of or behind Burnside more would result than in any other way. The only reason why I suggest that General Warren do this is that this morning I can hardly walk or ride, and therefore I think he would be able to do this with more justice to the service than myself. At the same time, if we require more assistance, which is not likely, I will call upon him.

I have directed General Birney if he can do nothing with the brigades of the Eighteenth Corps to return them; if he can, to do so at once. The only reason why General Birney has done no more is that General Burnside has been uncertain from dark till morning at what hour he would attack. The last notice I had was an attack to be made at 1 o'clock, which did not come off. The hour of the attack which was made, though communicated to General Barlow, did not reach me in time for General Birney to make a concerted movement and sweep down along the high ground, following the general direction of the enemy's rifle-pits opposed to Smith and myself, along them or in rear of them.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1864.

General HANCOCK:

I have just ordered an attack from my lines, and will be glad if you will occupy the enemy as much as possible in case of repulse to us, in order to prevent any concentration of troops in this quarter. I will telegraph you the result very soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1864-10.15 p.m.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: General Birney reports that the enemy made a pretty sharps attack on him and were repulsed. The firing extended to his left, and I have not yet heard from General Barlow's front. The artillery was mostly our own.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

