
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 17, 1864.

It is probable an assault will be ordered at some point on the line held by this corps at daybreak to-morrow. Division commanders are requested to send in as soon as practicable a statement of the number of troops they have disposable for such an assault, holding their present lines securely, but with as few troops as possible. Commanders having troops from other divisions temporarily with them will state what number, and whether they can be relieved.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 17, 1864-11.10 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in the advance of the Ninth Corps this afternoon I advanced Smyth's brigade, of the Second Division, and part of Colonel Miles' brigade, all on the right of the Ninth Corps. I am officially informed by General Ledlie that the division of the Ninth Corps which took the enemy's works this after-noon has left them, and I know that the enemy has reoccupied their works. General Birney not having advanced his line, and the Ninth Corps retired, my brigade is thrown so far to the front and is so exposed that I have withdrawn it. I desire it to be understood that I could have held my brigade in its advanced position had not the division of the Ninth Corps been withdrawn. I was present when the enemy advanced and reoccupied their works, driving back the Ninth Corps, or the part in my front.

I have the honor to report that Colonel Smyth's brigade, having been withdrawn, is in reserve, and that it can be relieved. In regard to the proposed assault, I have the honor to report that if General Burnside's line remains as it did morning (and I am informed there is no change), I have to recall Brigades Second and Third in the second line, which could be used for an assault, but I have not the slightest idea that these brigades could accomplish anything in the way of an assault. There are scarcely any officers in the brigades.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.- I am just informed that General Ledlie states that my line did not connect with his right. I can establish by any number of officers that my line connected with the Sixtieth Ohio, under General Ledlie's command, until this regiment left its line.

F. C. B.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,June 17, 1864-10 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: In reply to circular in regard to an assault, I have to state that I now have three brigades with me, the fourth being with General

