
cate with Lieutenant-General Grant, at City Point or Bermuda Hundred, and ascertain his precise instructions in the matter. Captain Meade, aide-de-camp, will acquaint you with the location of these headquarters. It is understood that the two divisions will soon rejoin this army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1864-12.45 p.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

Your dispatch of 9.30 a.m. is received. In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 35, from Lieutenant-General Grant's headquarters, I have reported, with two divisions, to Major-General Butler, and am now lying in support of his intrenched line. The remaining division (Neill's) was sent, as directed in the order of the major-general commanding, direct to the front, with the artillery and trains, crossing the pontoon bridge, and is presumed to be now near the rest of the army in vicinity of Petersburg. Not knowing what the intentions of the major-general commanding the army might be in reference to my remaining here, and the continued separation of Neill's division from the others, I sent this morning a staff officer to your headquarters for instructions as to movements of trains belonging to the part of the command here, as well as to the disposition to be made of Neill's division, artillery, &amp;c. More definite instructions will be sent to General Neill to report at your headquarters for orders.

Very respectfully,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 17, 1864-5.30 p.m.

General WRIGHT:

The enemy have driven in our picket-line near our center. Brigadier-General Foster is about to try and re-establish it. Please support him with such force as may be necessary.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1864-5.45 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your dispatch of 5.30 p.m. received, and I have instructed General Ricketts, with his division, to support General Foster as far as may be necessary.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

