HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 17, 5.40 a.m.

General MEADE:

Your dispatch received. I have already put the details in the hands of the telegraph [operator] to be transmitted. I have just seen your order to General Hancock to push the advantage.* My column of attack has been re-enforced to the number of 3,000 or 4,000 men, and will be put in motion at once.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1864-5.50 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

We made the attack ordered, and the results are several hundred prisoners and five guns. I have not seen the guns, and have seen no officer who has seen more than two, and not more than 400 prisoners have passed me; but the prisoners have been sent to your headquarters and the numbers will grow. We carried a strong line of the enemy, with two or three redoubts, on the left of General Hancock. General Barlow rendered us material aid by advancing at the same moment; also captured three stand colors.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1864-7 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

It affords me great satisfaction to congratulate you and your gallant corps on the successful assault made this morning. Knowing the wearied condition of your men from the night march of over twenty-two miles, and the continued movement this last night, their persistence and success is highly creditable. Say to officers and men that I would not tax them longer, but that I am satisfied the main body of Lee's army is not yet up, and it is of the utmost importance to do all we can before they get up, as the resistance to be met will be proportionately less. I shall order Warren to take position on your right, reserving a part of his force for contingencies. I am now at Hancock's headquarters.

Truly, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 17, 1864-12 m. (Sent 2 p.m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

Can any telegraphic facilities be extended to you that will expedite your communication with headquarters? The line has been run to where your headquarters were last night.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See 5.30 a.m., p.122

---------------

