HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 17, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 7.30 a.m. The commanding general directs that you rest your command and draw the necessary supplies, and that whilst so doing you send out a sufficient force to watch the Saint [Prince] George road on our left. When your command has sufficiently rested, you will move forward and report to these headquarters for further instructions. It is desirable that you should report as nearly as practicable consistent with the efficiency of your command. The larger portion of this army is in front of the enemy's works at Petersburg and along the line of the Appomattox. We have captured 13 of their works, 20 guns, and about 1,000 prisoners. They make a stubborn resistance.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 17, 1864-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

The commanding general directs that you at once send a sufficient force of cavalry across the James River to cover the movement of the general cattle herd to this side of the river. General Benham has been directed to relay the bridge and keep it down until the cattle have crossed and your command has returned. The cattle are to be brought over in steam and ferry boats.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, June 17, 1864-6.30 a.m.

(Received 6.45 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There has been no change during the night. I have re-enforced my picket-line, between which and the enemy there has been some slight skirmishing. I have received one negro regiment and am now awaiting the coming up of General Wright's corps, about 2,000 only of which have arrived. The enemy are reported in considerable numbers on our right. If you desire, when General Wright's troops get up and are refreshed by a little rest, I will endeavor to drive the enemy back on the railroad or turnpike.

BNJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

BERMUDA, June 17, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

I have sent a staff officer to communicate with you and to go out on the line and report what you think can be done with re-enforcements,

