
GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 17, 1864. (Received 11.15 a.m.)

General TERRY:

It is reported that the colonel of the Ohio regiment that broke and ran yesterday ran away from his regiment. If so, please report facts, and if he ran and did not attempt to rally his men he will be properly dealt with.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1964-11.45 a.m.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

General Foster has verbally reported that when the One hundred and thirty-third Ohio broke the regiment was rallied by himself, and that he in vain attempted to find the colonel. I except a written informal report from him to-day in which the facts will be more fully given, and will then send in my report. General Ames also reports that the colonel of the Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers was absent from his command while it was engaged in tearing up the railroad, having lost his regiment.

A. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 17, 1864-4.30 p.m.

General TERRY,

At General Butler's Headquarters:

Colonel Howell reports that Colonel Innis when his regiment broke remained at the front with about half a company, which he kept up to the line, and that he deserves credit rather than blame.*

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 17, 1864-4.45 p.m.

General TERRY:

At General Butler's Headquarters:

The enemy's batteries are annoying our pickets, and General Foster has ordered our artillery to open. At his request I have telegraphed, requesting the admiral to silence the Howlett house battery. The pickets on the left are hard pressed, and the enemy are reported to display four battle-flags in front of the open. General Foster has ordered his picket-line to be strengthened and to be held, unless the enemy come in overpowering force. The enemy are now reported to be driving our pickets and moving in force toward our left.

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See also Howell's report, Part I, p.687.

---------------

