SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 53. In the Field, June 17, 1864.

I. Pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, the One hundred and forty-third and the One hundred and sixty-third Ohio Volunteers will proceed at once to the commissary wharf at Point of Rocks and report to Major Haggerty. They will take with them such stores and camp equipage as they have on hand. Quartermaster will furnish transportation.

II. Pursuant to instructions from department headquarters, the One hundred and thirty-third Ohio Volunteers will proceed at once to the commissary wharf at Point of Rocks and report to Major Haggerty, for duty at Fort Powhatan, relieving the command of Colonel Stafford, which will return on the same boat to Point of Rocks. Quartermasters will furnish transportation.

III. The following-named regiments are assigned temporarily to the command of Brigadier-General Ames: Forty-seventh New York Volunteers, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-second Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and forty-second Ohio Volunteers, Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

ANDRIAN TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATTERY NO.4, June 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General TERRY:

The enemy attacked my line in front of Hawley and along my front in force. They displayed seven battle-flags in front of Hawley. My line has been forced back to our old position. They seem to be digging already. I cannot retake it with my force. I shall hold the line as long as possible, only retiring as they advance in force.

Yours,

FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

JUNE 17, 1864-5.20 p.m.

General TERRY:

Our line has been driven in on Howlett's front to the old line. I am going to try and re-establish it.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

JUNE 17, 1864-5.20 p.m.

General FOSTER:

If the enemy have the main line of works in front of Hawly let all the artillery which can see them open at once.

A. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

