
SPECIAL ORDER, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 48. In the Field, Va., June 17, 1864.

I. Colonel J. C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, is hereby relieved from command of the Ohio 100-days' regiments and will report to Colonel J. B. Howell, commanding First Brigade, to assume command of that brigade during the sickness of Colonel Howell. Colonel Abbott will turn over his instructions regarding the Ohio regiments to Colonel W. B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, commanding brigade in Ames' division.

II. Special Orders, No. 48, paragraph I, June 17, 1864, from headquarters First Division, Tenth Army Corp;s, is hereby revoked.

III. Colonel J. C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the Ohio 100-days' regiments and will report to Colonel J. R. Hawly, commanding Second Brigade, to assume command of that brigade. Colonel Abbott will turn over his instructions regarding the Ohio regiments to Colonel W. B. Barton,

Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, commanding brigade in Ames' division.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS, Center Section Intrenchments, June 17, 1864.

Captain A. TERRY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to your orders I removed four regiments from the intrenchments early yesterday morning and in direction of the railroad. The regiments were the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, and Seventy-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers. During the first part of the day my command was moved to two or three different points, but at no time was engaged with the enemy. In the afternoon it was ordered toward Port Walthall Junction, for the purpose of destroying the railroad. It arrived at the point where the turnpike crossed the railroad about 3 p.m. Nearly one quarter of a mile of track was destroyed. About 5 o'clock the command, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Terry, withdrew to the intrenchments.

NOTE.-I consider it my duty to report the inefficiency of the colonel in command of the Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers (I do not know his name). While his regiment was at work destroying the railroad he was absent, having lost his regiment.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours,&amp;c.,

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 17, 1864-6.45 a.m.

Major-General SMITH:

The two brigades taken from you have not yet been engaged. I have directed them withdrawn to the rear of the Second Corps and held there for the present in reserve. I wish you, if not already done,

