
been well made and the troops still in good condition. Burnside is about attacking, or has done so, but nothing has been heard from him yet, nor any heavy firing.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-5.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

On advancing this morning the enemy's works of yesterday were found evacuated. Prisoners and deserters report that the enemy fell back about 2 a.m. to a shorter line, said to envelop the railroad bridge and to be about one mile from Petersburg. My lines are advancing and will continue to do so until the enemy is found and felt. Further movements will depend on the developments of the morning. Ledlie was forced back last night from the advanced position he had taken. His command suffered quite severely in his attack. The men require rest, and it is probable, unless some favorable chance presents itself, that we shall not do more than envelop the enemy. I have made every effort to open telegraphic communication with you, and hope this morning to succeed.

Respectfully,GEO. G. MEADE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

No report from the front since Comstock's report. Birney and Martindale (Sixth and Eighteenth) are quiet. Warren and Burnside are still advancing, and I have yet hopes that a successful assault may be made. I fear, however, from indications that Beauregard has been re-enforced by Lee. Birney's attack was formidable, nine brigades in columns of regiments; men behaved well, and yet they could not carry the lines. I will report as soon as matters are settled.

GEO. G. MEADE.

CITY POINT, VA., June 18, 1864-6.50 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I think after the present assault, unless a decided advantages presents itself, our men should have rest, protecting themselves as well as possible. If this assault does not carry we will try to gain advantages without assaulting fortifications.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864.

(Sent 9.50 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I advised you of the withdrawal of the enemy this morning from the position occupied last night. I immediately ordered an

