HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-10 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am informed by General Hunt that the siege train which was ordered before leaving the Rapidan, although afloat at Washington, has not been brought to the James. I think it proper to advise you of this fact, as in case you contemplated using them it would take some time to procure them.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 18, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Forty-two prisoners received so far his morning from Second Corps from none but the brigade properly of Beauregard. None of them know of re-enforcements from Lee. A part of Martin's brigade was brought down from six miles out toward Richmond yesterday a.m. and sent to the enemy's right. An apparently honest man among them says that in passing through Petersburg and out to the front no second line of works or of battle was passed, and the others, though less frank, confirm it. The prisoners do not seem willing to admit that their troops have left here. The greater part claim that they have fallen back only about one line to a position just this side of the town, but they are unable to describe any position of strength there, or any preparation to do so.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel,&amp;c.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 18, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

We have received 4 officers and 36 men from the Second corps this morning, and 26 officers and 329 men from the Ninth Corps. These prisoners are all from the brigades which were under Beauregard and part of which were sent from General Lee's army (as Hoke's division), and represent nearly the whole of Beauregard's force, at least nine brigades in all. None of them have seen any of the forces properly belonging to any one of the three corps of General Lee's army. The men taken by the Ninth Corps on the enemy's extreme right this morning, at what they term a farm-house, were told by their officers, when asked to hold the ground, that re-enforcements were coming up and they must of good courage; others understood that Ewell was close at hand, taken has seen any of these men. Even the men who were unwilling to make statements as regards the force speak generally of the force as not being heavy. The nine brigades spoken of, however, are very much

