
stronger, all of them, than the average of brigades in General Lee's army. We know some of them to be 3,000 to 3,500 strong. The prisoners state that in the attack last evening 500 prisoners were taken from us. (General Patrick has been informed that 275 men are reported to have been sent in to General Butler yesterday from the Eighteenth Corps.)

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel and Deputy Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]

[General BURNSIDE:?]

GENERAL: I send you this to show how important it is to push our advantages before Lee gets up. Pass it on to Warren.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 18, 1864-10.30 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

In a further examination of the prisoners (42 in number, sent in by General Hancock this morning and heretofore reported) I find that a portion of Martin's brigade, two regiments of Gracie's (Alabama) brigade, and the whole of Evans' (South Carolina) brigade, were withdrawn early yesterday morning from a position about four to six miles from Petersburg toward Richmond, along a little creek which they are unable to name (perhaps Swift Creek), but where they understood they were placed to prevent the advance of General Butler. These men all seem to think, at least such of them as are willing to talk, that the whole infantry force in that direction was withdrawn yesterday, leaving nothing but cavalry there. When brought here they were put on the right of the enemy's line. The greater part of the prisoners taken this morning are such as having fallen asleep away from their commands, were picked up by our men this morning. They, consequently, cannot tell how far their forces have receded. Some of the most intelligent think that Martin's brigade is holding a position in the rear of what was the extreme right of the enemy's position yesterday, but that Martin's line is not prolonged on either side.

Very respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel and Deputy Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 18, 1864-12 m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Eleven prisoners of war sent in from the Fifth Corps (taken this morning) from the brigades of Evans, Ransom, and Gracie, and 1 officers and 3 men sent in from the Ninth Corps (from Ransom's brigade,

