
of yesterday for that purpose, and the old line of works was used to-day a skirmish line, and these men were taken in it, the right of their skirmish line, as they represent, having been carried by our troops, who then turned and took them all without resistance. They represent their rear line as being quite a strong one. Two men are also sent in from the Sixth Corps from the same brigade. They were taken early in the day, being left out when the line fell back night, and give no additional information. There is no evidence whatever of General Lee's having sent any of his own forces to our present front, but all the indications are to the contrary.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel,&amp;c.

JUNE 18, 1864.

Mr. CALDWELL:

The general wants the telegraph to follow the corps headquarters as they advanced to the front. There seems to be no communication with General Neill at General Smith's headquarters.

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TWO MILES BELOW FORT DARLING, June 17, 1864.*

If this should fall into the hands of a Union man, this is to let the Northern people know that the Loyal League of the city of Richmond are ready to come to a starting point to help the Union forces to capture the city of Richmond. There is 350 of us left Richmond to try to get to the lines of the North, if it pleases Good to aid us in the undertaking; but the Southerners watch us very sharply. We have been in the swamps for two weeks now. The rebels are very weak, and General Grant can take Richmond with half of his army. The rebels have placed fifty torpedoes, ready to blow up the Union gun-boats. Please take warning.

A UNION MAN IN BONDAGE.

Found in a bottle corked and floating down the James River 4 a.m. June 18, 1864:

R. H. LAMSON,

Commanding Picket Division.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 18, 1864-5.55 a.m.

It appearing from information given by prisoners that the enemy has left the line of works he held last night and has retired to an interior line nearer Petersburg, corps and other independent commanders will, at once, advance their respective commands, keeping up prompt communication with the troops on their right and left, and develop the enemy's new position.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See reference to this paper in Grant to Meade, June 21, 11.30 a.m., p.269.

---------------

11 R R-VOL XL, PT II

