HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-2.12 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

Your dispatch received. You will attack again, as you propose, with the least possible delay. The order of attack this morning required strong columns of assault. Please conform to this. General Martindale is about advancing again, and needs your co-operation. Select your own point of attack, but do not lose any time in examinations.

SECOND CORPS, June 18, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

My attack this morning was made by columns in support of lines. There were two lines, with five brigades in column of regiments in support. I will obey your order and attack again in the same place, as your order does not give me time to change the point of attack.

D. B. BIRNEY,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

I have sent a positive order to Generals Burnside and Warren to attack at all hazards with their whole force. I find it useless to appoint an hour to effect co-operation, and I am therefore compelled to give you the same order. You have a large corps, powerful and numerous, and I beg you will at once, as soon as possible, assault in a strong column. The day is fast going,and I wish the practicability of carrying the enemy's line settled before dark.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

SECOND CORPS, June 18, 1864.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is received. I will attack again in General Mott's front with all the force I can concentrate there, but I have a line which taken nearly half the corps to hold in one line. I am forming my columns now. I suppose it will be nearly 4 o'clock before I can transfer the troops to the point I wish, and I think it preferable attacking here to repeating the assault on the same ground.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-3.10 p.m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

Dispatch received in reference to attacking on Mott's front, and is approved, but I trust you will hasten matters as much as possible.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

