
JUNE 18, 1864-5.50 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I have just received a report from General Cutler that his skirmishers have struck the enemy's. He sends a man from Hoke's division, of Longstreet's corps, who says he fell asleep just before daylight and was left behind. He was then in the line of battle. He thinks they have retired to their main line of works, about a mile from Petersburg. General Crawford has also advanced well out with his skirmishers and line of battle. He also reports that the enemy are believed to be not far off.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 18, 1864-5.55 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Prisoner from Crawford says their line fell back half an hour before daylight; that it is but half a mile to the town,the country descending; that they have no interior line.

T. LYMAN.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 18, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Seventeen stragglers just brought in of Virginia, South Carolina, Alabama, and North Carolina, partly Ransom's men, also of Wise's men. They know nothing.

T. LYMAN.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 18, 1864-6.10 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

An intelligent prisoner thinks that the enemy is to attack our left flank. This is for what [it] is worth. Without regard to this General Warren would like a little cavalry on the plank road if there is none there.

T. LYMAN,Lieutenant-Colonel,&amp;c.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-6.30 a.m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Wilson will send a regiment to report to your, and I have again ordered the Third Pennsylvania,which I understand you sent back yesterday. You will use this cavalry to watch your left flank. There are no prisoners from any force but Beauregard's, and many of them agree in the statement that the enemy have no line prepared where they now are, but they are and have been since daylight busily preparing one. It is of importance they should be forced across the Appomattox if practicable. I have ordered the whole line forward.

GEO. G. MEADE.

