HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 18, 1864-7.05 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

General Crawford is leading on; the advance has gone through the woods on an open place. Enemy's skirmish line strong on a crest in his front. He prepares to push on. Ayres and Griffin advance in support to close a gap between Cutler and Crawford.

T. LYMAN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-7.10 a.m.

General WARREN:

General Birney has sent in an order of General Hoke's requiring details of working parties to work on the new line. It is believed the enemy have no regular fortified line between the one abandoned and Petersburg, though if time is given them they will have. I have ordered every one forward. I wish the enemy pushed and forced across the Appomattox, if possible. I can h ear of no force but Beauregard's, consisting of three divisions - Hoke's, Johnson's (Bushrod), and Ransom's (or Clingman's).

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

(Same to General Burnside.)

JUNE 18, 1864.

General WARREN:

The enemy have developed a full line of battle, with plenty of men and guns. It is an intrenched line, and runs along the other side of the ravine in which the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad enters town. The course of their lines is about north and south. Our skirmishers have driven theirs over the railroad, both in General Cutler's front and a small part of Crawford's. Cutler is putting in a battery to silence guns of the enemy have opened so far. Their men are standing on top of the breast-works.

W. A. ROEBLING,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

(Forwarded to General Meade at 7.30 a.m.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General WARREN:

Dispatch from Roebling received. My orders sent previously are to press the enemy, attacking and forcing him across the river, if possible. Burnside, on your right, has the same orders, and all are directed to communicate and co-operate with each other. I have directed cavalry to report to you to watch your left flank. Do the best you can, and let me hear frequently from you.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

