HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-11 a.m.

(Sent 11.34 a.m.)

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The attack ordered will be made by your command punctually at 12 m. Please telegraph to these headquarters for the time, in order that the attack may be as simultaneous as possible. You will make the columns of assault strong, have them well supported, and push them vigorously, endeavoring to have them advance rapidly over the ground without firing till they have penetrated the enemy's line.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

(Same to Generals Burnside, Birney, and Martindale.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, June 18, 1864-11.10 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

General Griffin has placed three batteries in a field by the road, 600 yards in front of the line taken by Burnside last night. They seem to have stopped the fire of the enemy's guns, which was very heavy. General Cutler has driven the enemy out of a wood on the left, taking some prisoners. Dispositions are making as fast as possible to make connections and form for attack. Cavalry has reported and is going now out to the left.

T. LYMAN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General WARREN:

I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, commanding Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, to report to you for duty, to picket and reconnoiter your left flank. I also ordered a regiment from General Wilson. I notified you of this assignment and am therefore somewhat surprised at your sending back Lieutenant-Colonel Jones. You will please place him in command, directing Captain Crowninshield to report to him, and give your instructions to Colonel Jones. Captain Crowninshield's command is a mixed one, of returned veterans and recruits, and is not so well organized or efficient as Colonel Jones' small regiment.

Respectfully,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

FIFTH CORPS, June 18, 1864-11.36 a.m.

General MEADE:

I am gradually forcing the enemy's skirmishers back and getting batteries forward. I cannot be ready to attack in line or column before 1 p.m.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

