
double-quicking some infantry in that direction. I have informed Colonel Jones, who goes out at once in command. I have no report of the effects of the assault from my right. General Crawford reported himself all ready at the appointed time.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, June 18, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I have not received any written report from General Crawford, but a staff officer from his says that he captured about 60 prisoners and a battle-flag from Pickett's division; that, as far as he is able to learn, we do not hold any part of the enemy's works, and that it is impossible for him to intrench any part of his line, as it is under fire, and that he does not think it possible to make any advance from his position until the batteries on his left are silenced. This we have been unable to do all day, and they will probably be so well protected in the morning that it will be impossible. I agree with General Crawford upon the impracticability of advancing where he is, the enemy's main line not having yet been reached after all General Burnside's efforts, nor do I see any chance of attacking to our left of that, except by attempting to turn the enemy's extreme right along the railroad and Blackwater. I am not acquainted personally with the ground to the right of General Burnside and in front of General Hancock and General Smith. The last most of my corps in position to move to any part of our front, either by night or day, without observation of the enemy.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, June 18, 1864-12.45 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Pickett's division is opposite our left. The prisoner says Ewell is in the Valley. The line is advancing. No assault yet on the intrenchments.

T. LYMAN.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864-1.12 p.m.

General WARREN:

Martindale has advanced and occupies the line held by the enemy without great opposition, taking 40 prisoners.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

(Same to General Burnside.)

