
SPRING HILL, June 13, 1864-12.15 p.m.

General BUTLER:

The sharpshooters firing on our station on the river-bank are across the river from here on the left bank and inside the rebel picket-line. Their range is so distant that we cannot see the smoke or hear the report and they do no damage at all. My firing party cannot where to fire. They seem to have desisted now, finding the range so long.

AMES,

Colonel.

JUNE 13, 1864-5.45 p.m.

General HINKS:

I have just sent out Captain Dollard's force. He reports a skirmish line of rebel cavalry between Cope's house and your picket-line. Signal-man reports much dust toward Petersburg, as if a regiment of cavalry had passed out of the city. No reserve to the line was seen, simply about forty skirmish cavalry.

AMES,

Colonel.

JUNE 13, 1864-10 p.m.

General HINKS:

There is danger of an attack on Spring Hill or City Point to-night. Be prepared to re-enforce Spring Hill if necessary. The enemy are strong in our front, but if it should be necessary we will send re-enforcements.

SHAFTER,

Colonel.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,No. 20. In the Field, June 13, 1864.

I. The First Maryland Cavalry and the One hundred and forty-eighth Regiment Ohio Infantry having been assigned to duty on this line, will constitute a brigade, under the command of Colonel Andrew W. Evans, First Maryland Cavalry.

The commanding officer of the One hundred and forty-eighth Ohio Infantry will report for instructions to Colonel Evans.

II. Major Theodore H. Schenck, Third New York Artillery, in addition to his present duty as chief of artillery, will also assume that of inspector for this division.

By command of Brigadier General A. V. Kautz:

M. J. ASCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA., June 14, 1864-1.30 p.m. [Received 2 a.m. 15th.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Our forces will commence crossing the James to-day. The enemy show no signs yet of having brought troops to the south side of Richmond

