
which I respectfully recommended be broken up and the men transferred to the infantry. The captain of the battery is well recommended to me, and it might be judged good to allow him to fill up his battery from volunteers from the heavy artillery in this corps. I deem the subject of this letter one of such importance as to require the immediate attention of the lieutenant-general commanding.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL MARTINDALE'S HEADQUARTERS, June 18, 1864.

General MEADE:

The only position i have seen from which any effect can be produced on the enemy's battery is occupied by a battery of General Hinks'. The enemy ceased firing when we opened, but is not silenced, nor do I think he can be now. The artillery is ready to occupy any new position that may offer itself as we advance.

H. J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864 - 7 a. m.

Captain CADWALADER:

I wish you would ascertain who commands that portion of the Eighteenth Corps in our line. If the ranks General Neill order him, in my name, to take command of both corps, and advance till he encounters the enemy, keeping up communication with General Birney, commanding corps on his left. Should General Neill be the ranking officer be will take command of both and execute these instructions. Show this note to both officers and have a clear understanding. The enemy are known to have retired to an interior position, which they are now fortifying, and it is of the utmost importance they should be pressed before they can get it ready, as they may be forced across the Appomattox. The whole of my line is advancing with similar instructions. Report when you have executed this order.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 18, 1864 - 7.50 a. m.

[Major-General MEADE:]

General Martindale, Eighteenth Corps, as ranking officer, has assumed command, agreeably to your instruction, and will put your orders in force. The troops of the Eighteenth Corps are moving in connection with those of the Sixth Corps.

CHAS. E. CADWALADER.

EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, June 18, 1864 - 8.50 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

General Martindale has established his headquarters temporarily directly in front of where General Neill was this morning, and the tele-

