
left. It is important that the attack should be pressed on the left, to relieve me from the fire in that direction. I shall endeavor to press forward Neill's division, order to renew the attack.

J. H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 18, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Brigadier-General MARTINDALE:

Birney has not been able to succeed in his attack. This may affect your operations. If you cannot carry the lines try and hold all you have, and arrange your lines in connection with Birney.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 18TH A. C.,

No. 15. June 18, 1864.

The colonel commanding desires to compliment his brigade for their good behavior on the march and in action during the recent movements in which they have shared. His own opinion has been confirmed by the remarks of others outside the brigade that there was comparatively little straggling, and that the troops behaved handsomely under fire. For this they are deserving praise, and the colonel commanding assures them that their good conduct has not been unnoticed or unmentioned. It is his desire that they continue to deserve well, and strive to win a name for efficiency and gallantry which shall place them first in rank in the corps.

By command of Colonel Guy V. Henry:

WM. S. HUBBELL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, June 18, 1864 - 10.05 a. m.

General GRAHAM,

Commanding Army Gun-Boats:

General Grant has left a small garrison at White House to guard the railroad bridge until Sheridan can return. Will you send two army gun-boats best calculated for that purpose to guard the Pamunkey from the White House to West Point until the garrison is relieved? This is important. Send vigilant and reliable officers.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHAMBERLAIN, June 18, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

GENERAL: The Parke sailed at noon from Wilcox's Wharf for West Point and the Jesup sails at 2 p. m. As it is apparent that General Grant is going to call upon us to do the work of the navy, would it not be advisable for you to obtain an order from him to the Quartermaster-

