
request, but will be willing to accede to it after a general battle. I have reason to believe there are but few wounded not brought off, but some dead of both armies unburied. The casualties for the 16th, 17th, and 18th will amount to about 7,000 in all.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1864 - 9 a. m. (Sent 9.40 a. m.)

Brigadier General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, City Point:

In order to meet the possible contingency of a temporary blockade of the James River, the commanding general directs that you keep on hand at the depot at City Point twenty days' supplies for this army in addition to the supplies now required to be kept with the troops and in the supply trains. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, June 19, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Your dispatch is received. The supplies shall be held in readiness. Every thing progressing finely here; wharves are being built for the accommodation of all the departments; issues of all necessary stores have been made. Since yesterday morning over 800 wagons were loaded. There are transports in readiness for the wounded. I saw our wagon trains yesterday. They are well parked.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 19, 1864 - 4 p. m.

General INGALLS,Chief Quartermaster, City Point:

In answer to your telegram just received, Colonel Schriver reports as follows:

The transportation has not been in position so that it could be examined since I returned from the White House examination. The officer in charge of it made me an inventory which shows there is more on hand, excluding the unworthy animals, than is required under the General Orders, No. 24, for the Ninth Corps.

I propose following up the business to-morrow.

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 19, 1864 - 10.15 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel THOMAS WILSON,

Chief Commissary, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: In order to meet the possible contingency of a temporary blockade of the James River, the commanding general directs that you keep

