
instructed to say that for a few days to come it will be necessary to employ the dismounted cavalry upon the duty of guarding the general supply train. The commanding general suggests that you at once appoint a quartermaster and commissary for your command, and it would seem that from your proximity to the general supply train and to the depot at City Point, there ought not now to be any difficulty in procuring for your troops all authorized supplies. For a few days to come it may be expected that your command will be permitted to rest, and the opportunity should be made use of to procure the clothing required for your men. The medical director of the army has promised to send an officer of his department to ascertain what you need in the way of medical supplies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1864 - 8 p. m. (Sent 9.10 p. m.)

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, City Point:

The commanding general directs that on the requisition of Major-General Butler, or any officer designated by him, you furnish such bridging material as may be necessary to throw a bridge across the James River from Jones' Neck to Deep Bottom. It is designed to lay the bridge to-morrow night, and it will be kept down as long as may be required for the use of the troops to be sent to that vicinity. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,City Point, June 19, 1864 - 11 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram is received, also at the same time one from General Weitzel, requiring 100 men and 700 feet of bridging complete, to be at Bermuda Hundred at 8 a. m. to-morrow. They will I trust, be all ready and there at the time, as I fortunately was able to get nearly 2,200 feet of bridging overhauled and ready to-day.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

BUTTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, June 19, 1864. (Received 11 p. m.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

As directed by General Grant, I respectfully request of you to have at Bermuda Hundred at 8 o'clock to-morrow thirty-five bateaux with chess and everything complete for a bridge 700 feet long and 100 pontoniers, in charge of an able officer. Please direct this officer to report

