
to the gun. The hole should be large enough to suit either of the guns ordered. A few siege howitzers have been ordered by Colonel Abbot in addition to the list originally sent him, which called only for siege guns [rifle] and mortars, the guns, of course, to be furnished with the artillery siege carriage. I understand that the siege train has not yet left Washington. The question of ordering it or any part of it down has been referred to General Grant by General Meade. I got in some small rifles yesterday where we can fire on the railroad bridge at Petersburg. Drove back two trains this morning. It is a pity we had not heavier guns.

Should you need further information about the mantlets or the guns furnished, Colonel Abbot, who is at Bermuda Hundred, can give it.

Respectfully,

H. J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, June 14, 1864.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac, Charles City Court-House:

Yours* received at 5.15 a.m. to-day. I sent pontoon bridging according to orders yesterday, as I advised you at 9 a.m. At 10.15 to-day I received orders from General Butler to send them and go up myself. Presuming that this must be by authority of General Grant, I am now starting at 11, and will communicate with you as soon as possible.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLES CITY COURT-HOUSE, June 14, 1864-10.45 a.m. [Received 3.30 p.m.]

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

The commanding general directs that immediately upon the receipt of this communications you bring all the bridge material you have, or that may be at Old Point Comfort, to Powhatan with all the expedition possible, and report its arrival. Similar orders were sent you last night, telegraphed through the White House.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864-11.15 a.m. [Received 3.30 p.m.]

Brigadier-General BENHAM,Commanding Engineer Brigade:

The commanding general directs that immediately upon the arrival of the bridge material at Fort Powhatan you construct the bridge across the James River at the point selected by General Weitzel, and the approaches to which are now being prepared.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See June 13, 9 p.m., p.4.

---------------

