HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I inclose a report from Colonel Griffin for the information of the commanding general. We also hold the advanced line of yesterday as a picket-line, which is pretty well intrenched. I think of making a covered way to it. This division occupies the entire line as well as supports it, only a picket of the This division occupies the entire line as well as supports it, only a picket of the Third Division being left, whose position rendered it inexpedient to relieve them with the others; but this will be done at the earliest opportunity if possible, but my division is pretty well all in use now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. - There is a redoubt not quite 100 yards in front of our line, which I think can be approached by a sap. At any rate, its reduction seems quite practicable with the spade when we get a covered way to the ravine. I will forward a diagram, showing location of batteries, &amp;c., shortly.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,June 19, 1864 - 5 a. m.

Captain SAMUEL WRIGHT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have my brigade in position in the interval between the right of the Fight Corps and the left of the Second Corps, occupying the entire space with aline already well intrenched. I have also a strong picket-line occupying the corresponding space between the pickets of the above-named corps, consisting of 300 men from my own brigade and the Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers from the Third Division. It being imprudent to extend my line of battle on a direct line between the Second and Fifth Corps on account of an enfilading fire from my right I have made it in echelon, with traverses and my right falling a little behind the left of the Second Corps.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

S. G. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 19, 1864 - 5.35 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have the honor to report the ground gained yesterday across the railroad cut was intrenched during the night, and that the main portion of my division was drawn into the lines near the edge of the woods. General Potter very kingly relieved my exhausted troops. The connection between our troops and the corps on our right and left all made. The chief of artillery of the corps can probably report as to putting batteries in position upon the hill, as he assumed charge of that last night. My own batteries are in position. No more than the usual picket-firing occurred during the night.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

