HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 19, 1864.

Brigadier General O. B. WILLCOX,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: From a conversation with General Parke, the commanding general believes that you have received the impression that he thought that the Third Division was slow in the attack of yesterday. The commanding general desires to remove that impression at once, and to assure you that he is satisfied that all was done that was possible for men to do. General Orders, No. 24,* I am directed to say, has its full application to the Third Division.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., June 19, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: I think you for note of this morning, and have furnished copies to the brigade commanders. The dispatch from General Meade to you yesterday p. m., stating that he was satisfied that all was done that men could do, also gratified me and my brigade commanders. Both these communications will revive the drooping spirits which prevail in the division after our heavy losses, felt doubly in connection with the fact the we have not been able to perform any brilliant exploits, notwithstanding all our efforts and losses. Most heartily do we desire to do everything all our efforts and losses. Most heartily do we desire to do everything yet left in our power to co-operate with you and our commanding generals. I have to state that when this division commenced the final advance yesterday evening direct on the rebel works the ranks were reduced to less than 1,000 officers and men. Colonel Humphrey says he never saw in our own army so heavy a line of battle as that which rose from the rebel pits. The Second Brigade has lost three successive commanders in the two days' fighting, and I have transferred Colonel Humphrey to that command. Returns of effective strength and casualties are being made out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 19, 1864 - 12.20 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have ordered one division of Wright's corps to march to General Meade at daylight to-morrow morning, the other to march as soon as the troops of the Eighteenth Corps come in. Colonel Abbot's siege train was afloat at Washington the last I heard of it. I have sent for him to get information, and will forward it as soon as received.

BENJ. F. BUTTLER.

---------------

* See p.196.

---------------

