HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1864 - 8.30 a. m. (Sent 8.40 a. m.)

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Point of Rocks:

General Russell's division, Sixth Corps, has reported to me and I have directed that Hinks' division, Eighteenth Corps, be at once relieved ant returned to you. I find that I cannot relieve Martindale's division, Eighteenth Corps, until the remaining division of the Sixth Corps arrives here.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, June 19, 1864 - 6.20 p. m.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

I have directed General Meade to require General Benham to turn over to General Weitzel such bridge material as he may call for. The call may be made direct on General Benham. Unless otherwise directed send a brigade of not less than 2,000 men to-morrow night to seize, hold, and fortify the most commanding and defensible ground that can be found north of James River, and so near the river that, with the protection of the gun-boats and their own strength, they can always get back to Bermuda Hundred if attacked by superior numbers. Connect the two banks of the river by a pontoon bridge running from Jones' Neck to Deep Bottom. Of course the point held must be near Deep Bottom. Habitually a passage-way for vessels will be left in the bridge, but have at hand the means to close the gap whenever it is necessary to use it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JUNE 19, 1864 - 8.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch relating to the movement of a brigade near Deep Bottom received. Dispositions are being made to that end and the order executed.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1864 - 9 p. m. (Sent 9.10 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER,

Point of Rocks:

General Benham, at City Point, has been instructed to furnish on your requisition or on the call of any officer that may be designated by you the necessary bridging material to throw a bridge across the James River from Jone's Neck to Deep Bottom. The troops of the Eighteenth Corps under the command of General Martindale are now being relieved, and will at once proceed to join you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

