HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, On board Steamer J. A. Warner, near Wilson's Landing, June 14, 1864-4 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have just received your order of 11.15 a.m. to-day, and every exertion will be used by me to have the bridges at the earliest moment. I left Fort Monroe to-day soon after 11, and within some forty minutes after I received an order from General Butler to send my pontoons and to come up myself. Your order of 9 p.m. last night was received at 5.15 a.m. to-day, but the pontoons had been sent up, as reported at 9 a.m. yesterday, with three companies and my best officers, yesterday afternoon, upon the instructions of General Grant through Lieutenant-Colonel Biggs, quartermaster. I have three companies with the siege material, &amp;c., in six barges, and the most of my headquarters property, tents, &c., still at Fort Monroe awaiting directions, according to previous orders, and the moment such bridge is completed I will advise you as well as the nearer generals, as I suppose would be desired.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,Commanding Engineer Brigade:

[Care of Major-General Hancock.]

The major-general commanding directs that you send six pontoons to Major-General Hancock to be used as a temporary bridge. They will be returned when the second bridge is being laid.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

What progress in throwing the bridge, and at what time can you complete it, so far as you can now tell? I desire the work to be continued all night, if practicable.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, June 14, 1864-10.50 [p.m.].

Major-General MEADE:

The brigade has now the last boat in position and the raft is ready to close the gap completely whenever it is safe to do so with reference to boats below, about which I am greatly in doubt. The bridge can be completed in fifteen minutes if you so order it. If it is important for

