
CITY POINT, June 20, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The lieutenant-general says he shall not go away from here to-day.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

CITY POINT, June 20, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Immediately on receipt of your dispatch saying that you would come down to-day if I was going to remain in I directed a dispatch to be sent back saying I would be at home. I would like very much to see you down.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., June 20, 1864 - 5.40 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

To give you another army corps foot-loose I will order General Butler to extend his lines so as to cover the ground now occupied by the Sixth Corps. I will direct this to be done between this and 12 m. to-morrow. With the use of guns that will probably reach here to-morrow with the siege train I think Butler's left will be able to destroy the railroad bridge, and possibly silence the enemy's guns on the north side of the Appomattox. As you extend to the left I think it will be advisable to do it by rapid movement, and with as heavy force as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 20, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Warren now holds to the Jerusalem plank road. To-night I shall withdraw the Second Corps, the Ninth holding between the Fifth and Sixth, and will mass the Second on the left and rear of the Fifth; then when the Sixth is relieved, as you propose, I will move both corps, Second and Sixth, to the left and endeavor to stretch to the Appomattox. A deserter, in to-day, belong to McLaws' division, Longstreet's corps. He says the corps came to our front on the 18th, last day of our fight, and that the corps is on the enemy's right. Sheridan's last dispatch,* by Major Forsyth, was dated the 18th, at Walkerton, on the Mattapony. This place is only ten miles from White House. I don't know where Sheridan could be this morning, because, even if he had gone to West Point on the 19th, as he indicated, he would have learned of the White House being still occupied and would have returned there. In case he was not on the way this morning he will certainly hear the guns and hurry up so that Abercrombie ought to be all right.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

---------------

* See Sheridan to Meade, Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p.778.

---------------

