
JUNE 20, 1864 - 7.10 p. m.

General MEADE:

I send Colonel Paine, of my staff, with a copy of orders just received to take position on the right of the Army of the Potomac and relieve the Sixth Corps. Will you indicate the exact held by the Sixth Corps and the position my troops are expected to take up. If you could do so on a tracing or map it would aid the celerity of the movement.

Respectfully,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 20, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Major-General Wright informs me that Major-General Smith had applied again for General Neill to be transferred to the Eighteenth Corps, and General Wright is willing the transfer should be made. Under these circumstances, I would be glad if you would order the transfer.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., June 20, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Lieutenant E. P. Brooks, with thirty soldiers, all volunteers for the service, is now equipped and ready to start on an expedition to destroy distant railroad bridges. I think it advisable that the party should not start until a more formidable expedition is going out. They could accompany such an expedition until it was deemed safe to strike out independently. The party, if successful, will not probably attempt to reach here, except through some military post farther south, likely New Berne. Will you please instruct General Wilson to let Lieutenant Brooks and party accompany him until the proper time for cutting loose.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., June 20, 1864. (Received 11.20 p. m.)

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington:

General Grant has ordered me to provide 500 sets of the rail-twisting irons. Will you please cause them to be sent here to me as soon as possible. All implements for the destruction of railroads, the twisting of rail, and blowing up of culverts and bridges will be of great benefit.

Please notify me what may be expected.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

