HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,June 20, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

We have received a prisoner of was of the Third Georgia [Battalion Sharpshooters], Wofford's brigade, of McLaws' division, who surrendered about two hours ago. to Mr. Oswell, assistant engineer. He is a man of intelligence, does not wish to be exchanged,and his statements are given with frankness. He says that Longstreet's corps came to our front on the morning of the 18th, Hill's corps arriving on the evening of the same day; that his division was held in reserve until this morning, when it was thrown out on the right of the enemy's line and he and several other members of his company were ordered by General Wofford to find our lines, of the position of which, on our left, they seemed to be ignorant. While endeavoring to do so he came upon Mr. Oswell and surrendered to him. He says that Ewell's corps left General Lee at Cold Harbor; that it was understood to be going toward the Valley of toward Lynchburg; at all events, he has not seen by part of it since, and is quite certain that no part of General Ewell's corps is on our front. He says that his brigade is about 900 strong. The other brigades on his division will not run over that figure much, if at all, the division numbering between 4,000 and 5,000 men; that the men generally are in a great state of excuse a man from duty for any cause whatever except wounded; and the hard service of the last fifty days is wearing them out very fast. These statements are added because the man himself is evidently of a courageous temperament. He thinks, but is not certain, the General Lee is present on our front.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHALL-GENERAL,June 20, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The man states that the water-works which supply Petersburg are situated between Blandford and Petersburg proper on the line between Petersburg and Blandford; that a little bridge connects the two corporations, on the Petersburg side of which is a hill on which the water-works, easily distinguishable by their walls all around them, are placed, and further describes them as being on the "new road" which runs from the Jerusalem plank road to Petersburg. As I understand him, all this description infers that the water-works are southerly of the town and in its edge.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 20, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have established stations of observation at several points along our lines, from which can be seen,

