
when the state of the atmosphere permits, the greater portion of the enemy's position. One at Friend's house, from which Petersburg and immediate vicinity can be seen; also the main road (at places) leading from the town southward; also a portion of the north bank of the Appomattox. One on a tree in the rear of the Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, on west side of the Petersburg and Norfolk Railroad. From this station the enemy's right can be seen and movements there noticed. Several orders about the center. No movements have been discovered this morning. I will try to furnish you an account of changes made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Signal Officer.

JUNE 20, 1864.

General M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General:

GENERAL: General Warren has relieved the Third Pennsylvania. Will be in camp in about an hour.

Respectfully,

EDW. S. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,No. 39. City Point, Va., June 20, 1864.

I. Colonel Joshua L. Chamberlain, Twentieth Regiment Maine Infantry Volunteers, is, for meritorious and efficient services on the field of battle, and especially for gallant conduct in leading his brigade against the enemy at Petersburg, Va., on the 18th instant, in which he was dangerously wounded, hereby, in pursuance of authority from the Secretary of War, appointed brigadier-general of U. S. Volunteers, to rank as such from the 18th day of June, 1864, subject to the approval of the President of the United States.

II. To further facilitate the transmission of the mails to and from the armies operating on the James River, the following regulations are published:

1. An authorized agent of the Post-Office Department at City Point, Va., will receive and forward all army mails to their destination. Commanders of armies or departments will, on his application, detail from the ranks to report to him such assistants as may be necessary to enable him promptly to discharge his duties.

2. Army corps commanders will appoint, from officers, persons to act as corps postmasters, whose duty it will be to collect and send forward to the agent of the Post-Office Department at City Point all mil matter from their respective corps, and to receive and distribute properly and promptly all mail matter that may arrive at City Point for the same.

3. Corps postmasters will put up in neatly-tied packages all letters received by them - the paid letters separate from the unpaid letters - marking each package "paid" of "unpaid," as the case may be, and direct them to the proper distributing post-office.

