HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 20, 1864 - 6 p. m.

General MEADE:

I have just sent you a prisoners taken by our cavalry, who is a corporal in the Third Georgia [Battalion] Sharpshooters, Wofford's brigade, of Longstreet's corps. He says he saw some of Hill's men on the streets of Petersburg on Saturday night. His name, he says, is Joseph Fridell. He says he thinks their lines here are full. He thinks General Lee is here himself, but does not know.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 20, 1864 - 6.50 p. m.

General MEADE:

I would add to my dispatch of 6 p. m. the further information that the Hill the prisoner refers to was A. P. Hill and not D. H. Hill. though it is not certain. It is his idea that the force belonged to Lee's army. The last time he saw Lee at Cold Harbor, and he says his head was white as snow, but he showed a "strong neck." The enemy are firing upon my left at present with artillery. I do not know the reason.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 20, 1864 - 7.40 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

When your dispatch to make reconnaissance came to-day all my proper officers for such duty were already out. Captain Cope was directed to make a sketch, but he has not yet completed it. Our infantry pickets extend to the plank road. I do not think it best to advise the enemy by any further development in that direction of our probable intentions until it is decided what we are to do.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 20, 1864 - 8.10 p. m. (Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch of 7.40 p. m. is received. It is decided to extend the left of the army so as to hold the two railroads - that to Weldon and that to Lynchburg. General Birney will mass in your rear upon being relieved to-night, and as soon as General Wright can be relieved will take position in conjunction with him on your left. It is probable General Wright will not be relieved before to-morrow night. The commanding general directs that at the same time that General Birney and General Wright take position on your left you extend your left as far

