HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 20, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Report for to-night. The corps has taken the position indicated in orders from General Humphreys of last night. A working party has been ordered for 4 p. m. to-morrow morning to complete a work for guns near the right of my line.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,June 20, 1864 - 11.30 p. m. (Received 11.35 p. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

General Gibbon's division has been relieved by troops of my command.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 20, 1864 - 2 p. m.

After dark to-night the line of this corps will be extended to the left to Hare's house, and will be composed of the First and Second Divisions. General Gibbon's division, of the Second Corps, now extending from the left of the present line of this corps to Hare's house, will be relieved after dark. Generals Russell and Neill will, after consultation and an examination of the line, determine that portion to be taken by each, and will move at the time above indicated. General Rickett's division will be held in reserve in its present position, but a detail of 300 men, properly officered, for picketing or patrolling along the river, from Dorsey's and Rhodes' batteries to the gun-boats, will be furnished from his division. The commanding officer of this detail will report at 4 o'clock this p. m. to the corps officer of the day at these headquarters, and will be prepared to move, in company with him, with the detail, at that time to the position indicated. Should the detail be found insufficient General Ricketts will furnish a further number of troops, upon the call of the corps officer of the day. Colonel B. F. Smith, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, is detailed as corps officer of the day, and will report at these headquarters at 3.45 p. m.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 20, 1864 - 8.40 a. m. (Sent 9.30 a. m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE, Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you relieve General Hancock's troops as far as the Hare house, and hold from that point to General Warren's right. He directs that you intrench your position as strongly as the ground admits.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

