
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,
Mount Sinai Church, June 20, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

The telegram of General Grant in regard to a raid upon the enemy's railroads has just been received, together with accompanying note. My command is rapidly improving, and for light work could be ready to move in a few hours, but for a trip such as indicated in the dispatch of General Grant I don't think it could be well prepared before daylight of the 22d. I can, However, have all supplies ready by to-morrow noon, and if it is regarded essential can start at that time. The condition of my animals is the only thing that would be materially benefitted by further delay. I would respectfully suggest that one brigade, at least, Of Kautz's division would be a very important addition to my command, for although my force is nearly 5,000 men the care of horses, covering parties, and other necessary details necessarily reduce the force available for railroad destruction to a very low aggregate. I should also be furnished with the necessary implements and other means and other means of destruction to render such an expedition efficient.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General

JUNE 20, 1864-8.25 a. m.

(Received 8.30 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Two 30-pounder Parrotts can be spared from our line and can be sent at once to General Hunt. There is another in the works at City Point which is at present useless. There is a 4 1/2 inch Rodman gun at Four Powhatan, a point not to be attacked at present. We shall need some of these long-range guns for our work at Deep Bottom. Please suggest which shall be sent.

BENJ. R. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding

CITY POINT, June 20, 1864-9.25 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Lieutenant-General Grant wishes you to send the three 30-pounder Parrots spoken of in your telegram, if you can spare them. They will only be needed for a few days.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

CITY POINT, June 20, 1864-10.40 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

General Meade has authorized a certain amount of mess stores and vegetables to come forward to his army, and has an officer of his staff at Washington to regulate shipments. these stores are stopped at Fort Monroe. Direct the commanding officer at Fort Monroe to allow all vessels and persons having General Meade's pass to come to City Point without detention or interference.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

