
CITY POINT, JUNE 20, 1864-5.50 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

I have directed White House to be broken up as a military post. You may direct the abandonment of Yorktown by the military. Let the garrison leave there as soon as practicable after the troops from White House pass. The troops brought from Yorktown you may dispose of as you deem best. As soon as all the troops are out of York River direct the army gun-boats to return here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, June 20, 1864-6.45 p. m.

General BUTLER:

I have determined to try to envelop Petersburg so as to have the left of the Army of the Potomac rest on the Appomattox above the city. This will make offensive operations from between the two rivers impracticable until we are fortified in the new position taken up. To release as many of General Meade's command as possible you may extend your left so as to relieve the Sixth Corps, the right of the Army of the Potomac. Reduce the force kept between the two rivers to the lowest number necessary to hold it and put all the balance, except the force north of the James, south of the Appomattox and between the pontoon bridge and the present left of the Sixth Corps. Make this change as soon as practicable and so as to relieve the Sixth Corps by 12 m. to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FLAG-SHIP MALVERN,

Farrar's Island, June 20, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

No change in the naval situation. Report from the army lookout that the rebel iron-clads are taking on board sand in bags.

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear-Admiral, Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

June 20, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your telegram to General Meade about prisoners did not reach him until too late to receive attention last night, by reason of his absence along the lines during the day. They were sent early this morning to General Martindale, who had left before their arrival. I am sending all prisoners of war to Colonel Gates, Twentieth New York State Militia, at City Point, to whom I will give orders to turn over such prisoners as you wish to any guard that you may send for them.

Respectfully,

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshall-General.

