HEADQUARTERS,June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. FOSTER:

You will hold your command in readiness to move at a moment's notice, with two day's rations and 100 rounds of ammunition, to occupy a point on the north side of the James River near Deep Bottom. You will intrench yourself immediately on a line which will be indicated to you by the chief engineer or his assistant. After you get well entrenched on this line working parties will be furnished to complete and strengthen your works and prepare it for the reception of artillery. Your men will be ferried across the river in pontoon-boats under the direction of the engineers at them time indicated, and the bridge at once commenced by the engineers as soon as you are across. You are to understand that you are to hold your position as long as possible and at all hazards till the bridge is completed. The object of this movement is to gain a permanent foothold on the north bank of James River and to cover the bridge, which will be laid across the river in the rear of your position. Tools will be furnished by the engineers on the spot. Directions when and where to move will be given you by General Weitzel. Pending this you had better move your command to the field near General Gillmore's headquarters.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS.

In the Field, June 20, 1864.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the brigadier-general commanding to inform you that by orders from department headquarters General foster's command is required to be at these headquarters at 6 p. m. to-day; also that the detail of 1,800 men will not be needed until 5 a. m. to-morrow, at which time they will report at these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 20, 1864-5.55 p. m.

Brigadier-General TERRY,

Commanding First Division:

In obedience to order from department headquarters you will have two sections of light battery at these headquarters at 6 a. m. to-morrow, with ammunition complete and two day's rations, for duty with General Forster. One section will be rifles, the other smooth-bores.

By order of Brigadier-General Brooks:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

