HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 20, 1864-10.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General TERRY,

Commanding First Division:

You will cause Captain Wheeler's battery, Thirty-third New York, to be held in readiness to move, fully equipped, at a moment's notice.

By order of Brigadier-General Brooks:

ED. W. SMITH.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS HEADQUARTERS LINE OF DEFENSES,Numbers 3. Near Ware Bottom Church, Va., June 20, 1864.

I. The 100-days' regiments of this command, viz, One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-second Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and thirty-fourth Ohio volunteers, One hundred and forty-second Ohio Volunteers, will report at 5.30 p. m. this day with arms to Brigadier-General Weitzel at the headquarters of the Tenth Army corps. Every officer and man reported for duty will accompany his regiment.

II. Lieutenant Colonel charles H. Hooper, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding redoubt in front of battery Numbers 1, will report with the garrison of that work for temporary duty to Colonel H. M. Plaisted, commanding Third Brigade. The knapsacks and camp equipage of the garrison will be left in the redoubt under charge of the invalids of the command.

III. All men of the First U. S. Colored Cavalry, now on duty within this command, will report at the headquarters of their regiment at once.

IV. One section of each of the following batteries, viz, First Connecticut Light Battery, will report at headquarters Tenth Army Corps at 6 a. m. June 21, with ammunition complete and two day's rations, for duty with Brigadier General R. S. Foster. One team from the Fifth New Jersey Battery will take forage for both sections.

V. All regiments and detachments on duty with this command but not belonging to the Tenth Army Corps, as organized by General Orders, dated June 19, 1864, from department headquarters, will be immediately relieved and ordered to report without delay to Major General W. F. Smith, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps.

VI. The regiments named below, viz, One hundred and thirtieth Ohio Regiment, One hundred and thirty-second Ohio Regiment, One hundred and thirty-fourth Ohio Regiment. One hundred and forty-second Ohio regiment, will report at the headquarters of the Tenth Army Corps, to Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, at 5 a. m. June 21, 1864, with two days' rations in their haversacks, with canteens, but without arms, knapsacks, or blankets. every officer and man reported for duty will accompany the command, except a camp guard of not more than one non-commissioned officer and ten enlisted men to a regiment.

VII. The sections of the First Connecticut Battery and Fifth New Jersey battery, ordered to report at headquarters Tenth Army Corps at 6 a. m. to-morrow, will not withdraw their pieces from the intrechments until 5 a. m. Lieutenant Clinton, First Connecticut Battery, will take command of both sections.

