
VII. Brigadier General G. Marston is hereby relieved from command of the First brigade, First Division, and will report in person to Brigadier General William T. H. Brooks, commanding Tenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

XV. Brigadier General A. Ames is assigned to command of the Third Brigade, Second Division, and will report to Brigadier General J. H. Martindale.

By command of Major-General Smith:

WM. RUSSELL, Jr.

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 20, 1864-3.20 P. M.

General KAUTZ:

In compliance with the instructions of the lieutenant-general, you will report with the Eleventh Pennsylvania, First District of Columbia Cavalry, third New York, and Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry (all you have serviceable), and two pieces of artillery, to General Wilson, near Petersburg, prepared to go on an expedition south, to cut the lines of the enemy's communications.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 20, 1864. - For Abercrombie to Halleck and Williams reporting attack on White House, see Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 785.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 21, 1864-9 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

All is quiet this morning; the Second corps is moving to take position on the left of the Fifth, the Fifth extending as far as the Jerusalem plank road. At this point I find the enemy occupy their old line of works, which, being on a radius of three miles from Petersburg, will make the line to hold from the plank road to the river above consider-ably larger than to the river below. There is no doubt Lee will throw his whole force over, except sufficient to hold in check the force at Bermuda Hundred. Wilson will be ordered to leave at 2 a. m. to-morrow, and directed to proceed as rapidly as possible to the junction of the Lynchburg and Danville roads, and do there as much damage as possible to both these roads. Hampton being yesterday at White House will relieve Wilson of any apprehension of being disturbed, and I trust Sheridan will keep Hampton occupied. I don't think Sheridan will have much chance of getting to the Deep Bottom bridge in the face of Hampton unless he is able to five him a severe and serious defeat. Wilson will be instructed when at the Junction to endeavor to communicate with Hunter near Lynchburg. The Junction is about halfway between this point and Lynchburg. If Sheridan were here there would be no doubt, I think, of he and Wilson going to Lynchburg. Do you wish to send any instructions to Hunter by Wilson?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

