
large reserves from each corps as possible, ready to move to the front or to the left to support the troops moving in that direction as circumstances may require. I am satisfied that you will adopt the best to accomplish the work that is to be done and only give this as being suggested by the map without having the personal knowledge of the ground that you have. A paper* has just reached me, sent by Admiral Lee, found in a bottle floating in the river and picked up by the navy. I will telegraph you a copy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, June 21, 1864-11.40 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The President is here and will ride out to the front with me, leaving here about 3 p. m. We will go to the house where Smith had his headquarters the first day you arrived.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 21, 1864-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Telegram 11.30 received. General barnard has arrived. He explains that he purposes to occupy certain ground from which the enemy's works the Jerusalem road can be enfiladed and our attack on these works thus materially aided. I am now going to the front to see that this is immediately done, if not already in progress of execution. I have no report from Birney though I hear firing. Wright at 9.30 reported one division from bermuda Hundred, but says it is impracticable to relieve his front line, two divisions, till after dark, they are so close to the enemy and exposed to such fire of artillery and infantry.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864. (Received 2.45 p. m.)

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

I think that you had better send a staff officer to find General Meade, probably at the Ninth or Fifth Corps, to communicate notice of the President's coming.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 21, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Birney is slowly getting into position. I have a Petersburg paper of to-day. It reports Hunter fighting at Lynchburg on Saturday last, and

