HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

June 21, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

Five prisoners, captured by General Hancock's staff who were out riding along the left of our line, had gone to a house opposite their position in line of battle, and are from Perrin's (Alabama) brigade, Anderson's division. They only make certain our knowledge of the arrival of A. P. Hill's and Longstreet's corps on our front on Saturday last. From certain facts which they tell me, it is quite sure that Heth's division is here, from which we have as yet had no prisoners; also Field's division, of Longstreet's corps, which they say is in reserve, and that Pickett's division lies between the Appomattox and the James Rivers. McLaws' division they cannot account for. they agree that Ewell's corps is nowhere near them, but say that it left them at Cold Harbor, and they have not sen it since. They think from all they have heard it has gone to Western Virginia. Anderson has been made a lieutenant-general, and now commands Longstreet's corps; and upon the return of Longstreet it is understood that Anderson will have a corps to be made up of Hoke's division, breckinridge's division, and one other not yet formed.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, INSPECTION DIVISION,

Washington, June 21, 1864.

A. H. MARKLAND, Esq.,

Special Agent Post-Office Department, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Postmaster-General directs that you report to Lieutenant-General Grant for duty as special agent of this Department in the supervision of the mail service to and from the army. your experience with the armies in the West, and especially those under the command of General Grant, renders it unnecessary to enter into details as to the duties of the position to which you are assigned. The cheerful and effective co-operation of General grant with the Post-Office Department in affording postal facilities for our troops in the field is an evidence that you need but to carry out such arrangements and details as experience has shown to be effectual in accomplishing beneficial results elsewhere to produce the same desirable ends in your new sphere of action. You will please communicate this order to Lieutenant-General Grant and place yourself at his disposal in accordance therewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. McLELLAN,

Second Assistant Postmaster-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OR THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,June 21, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The stations on the line report: " No change observable in the enemy's position. Nothing moving."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

