
Pickett's headquarters are near Port Walthall, and that enemy has lookouts in trees near that place. This station was driven from the custom-house in afternoon by our shells as the last message intercepted was, " Look for my flag on your side of the river."

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

DAVIS,

Signal Officer.

JUNE 21, 1864.

Captain DAVIS:

I have the honor to report as follows:

Discovered movements on a road in direction west by north about three miles distant. Beyond this road wagons are seen parked; could see but three, but saw ten or twelve teams going to water. Scattering wagons, ambulances, and horsemen passed each way along the road during the day, and twelve moved to the right (north) at 6 p. m. Several go-carts passed both ways; saw twelve wagons moving northerly on river road near Port Walthall; also, about twenty-five wagons moving southerly at same place. Saw rebel signal flags at three different points. But one was seen working.

Very respectfully,

THOS. H. FEAREY,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

You seized 350 chesses and a tool-chest which were on the way up the river to me. These are necessary to complete my bridge train Numbers 17. If no further need for them please send to me, especially the toolchest.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.

JUNE 21, 1864.

General WEITZEL:

I have not seized any bridge material belonging to your department. What you had near Fort Powhatan was kindly placed at my disposition, but not used at all, that I am aware of, while I took the precaution to have a steamer sent down (the gun-boat Parke) to have your barges towed up, and what was * * * with chesses, and to complete a bridge 360 feet. * * *

H. W. BENHAM.

[NOTE. - Copy illegible; illegible portions indicated by stars.]

JUNE 21, 1864-5.10 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I am massed in rear of Warren's left, and await order to move into position as indicated.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

18 R R-VOL XL, PT II

