HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,R. Williams', west of and near to plank road,

June 21, 1864-12.55 p. m. (Sent 5.35 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Just arrived. General Birney here. As I entered woods, say one mile from General Warren's, struck General Mott's, the rear division moving rapidly and well closed. The country with little water, wooded rather closely with pine and oak; no hills. About four open fields before getting to this road, three on right, one on left of the route. At this point there are large open fields with irregular undulations. Orderly now sent to get out the telegraph, which will take some time. I should guess it was four or five miles by this rear route to General Warren's. Barlow has gone on cautiously with cavalry to make a reconnaissance to the Weldon road. Two divisions are massing her, preparation to advancing and taking position on the left of General Griffin.

THEODORE LYMAN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,Dick Williams' House, June 21, 1864-1.45 p. m.

(Sent 5.30 p. m.)

General Williams, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Barlow reports at 1.10 that he is two miles and a half from the railroad, pushing forward. The cavalry he has with him have had some firing, but barlow thinks there is no force.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

WILLIAMS' HOUSE, June 21, 1864-5.10 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I have just been to meet General Barlow. About a mile from the railroad he engaged dismounted cavalry and two guns. He took the colonel of the Third North Carolina Cavalry, who thinks that Early is behind on the railroad. He withdrew as ordered. He is now cutting a road to go into position next Mott, Gibbon being on the right, next Griffin. He has directed Captain Crowninshield to picket his left. Prisoners just in from First, Second, and Third North Carolina Cavalry.

THEODORE LYMAN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864, 1864-10.30 p.m.

General WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor report that this corps is in position to the left of the Jerusalem road. The withdrawal of barlow's division from the reconnaissance toward the Weldon railroad brought on an attack of the enemy on my left flank toward dark. The cavalry was driven back, but my infantry soon checked the advance. It was reported to me as consisting of cavalry and infantry. The enemy approached on the road by the Williams house and nearly to the rear of the house. I requested General Ricketts to move out the road toward the Weldon railroad, on which Barlow moved in the morning, and his division is now on my left covering that road. Previous to the attack

