
columns of troops, say a division, were seen by me from the left of the advanced position of General Gibbon, moving toward my left apparently up the railroad to meet Barlow's threatened attack. My loss in Barlow's skirmish was small, say some 20 killed and wounded. We captured a colonel, adjutant, and some 15 privates. It will not be prudent for me to throw forward my left until General Wright is in position or ready to go into position. The enemy's works in my front seem a continuation of those in the other line, taken by General Smith, and the salient seems to be in front of Gibbon's left. i do not think that, there is force outside of the works to prevent General Wright taking position. Prisoners report considerable force guarding railroad.

Yours, truly,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - I had deferred writing hoping the telegraph would be in operation. There is some difficulty in the connection.

JUNE 21, 1864-1.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have advanced to a point which the contraband says is two miles and a half from the railroad. The cavalry report the enemy in force and have had a little firing. It is nothing. I am pushing on my skirmishers.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 21, 1864, 1864-2.10 p. m.

Major-General BIRNEY, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The contraband says we are two miles from the railroad. We have had quite a skirmish with what I think are the enemy's cavalry, dismounted. We drove them back and are advancing. Our cavalry if of no use to us. It is for you to decide whether it is safe for us to advance so as to separate this division farther from the rest of the corps. We cannot both advance and keep up connection with the rest of the corps. Is General Gibbon close behind me, as I understood he was to be?

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,June 21, 1864-9 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I cannot find out that the firing to-night was at anything more than perhaps dismounted cavalry. My skirmishers did not fire at all, and saw nothing so far as they advance. General Ricketts has reached the Williams house. I await information as to the new position I am to take up. If I take the position described by Captain Me

