HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864.

[Major General W. S. HANCOCK:]

DEAR GENERAL: It did not occur to me until after you had left that you might have misunderstood me when I asked you what your orders were for crossing the river in connection with [the] position there. I had not seen the orders to you, as they went through Williams and I did not know what they were, being busy about some other matter when they were sent. I supposed they might have referred to some points or roads your corps would occupy. Duane has gone toward Powhattan, and I cannot get from him any information he may possess. From former examination of the ground about Powell's Creek I recollect that it was reported to be impassable except where bridges had been built.

Very respectfully, yours,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to Colonel Morgan. I do not suppose this will alter the matter. I wish an order issued for this movement from our present light, sufficiently comprehensive for practical purposes. Send a copy here, or the original to be copied.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

I don't know how to issue any order to amount to anything where everything depends on contingencies. The inclosed is the best I can do.* I am going over by the next boat.

C. H. MORGAN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 14, 1864-9.25 [p.m.]

Major-General MEADE:

I have sent over six pieces with their limbers; two other pieces with eight caissons will across as soon as I hear that the six pieces and limbers have landed. No time will be spent in taking up a line to-night, as a line was established to-day. When the ferry-boats arrive there will be no difficulty in crossing artillery, except as to the time it will take.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 14, 1864-10 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The divisions of General Birney and General Gibbon are over the river. General Barlow is now embarking his troops. Six guns with their limbers and horses are also across; two more guns and eight caissons will across at once. Two ferry-boats have reported here.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

