HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864-3 p. m.

General GRIFFIN:

I wish you to move up your skirmish line and drive the enemy into his works on your front, which will be from Ayre's left to the plank road. Give this line all the support needed, and keep your whole command as close to the enemy as you can without suffering from random bullets and overshooting. At dark to-night intrench yourself in line of battle as close to the enemy as you can. I will send you entrenching tools. Keep up communication with Gibbon on your left, and co-operate with him as well as you can in any contingency.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: After receiving your reply to my note I saw General Warren, who disclaims that any order to pass your troops through my lines was given to you on the 18th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,June 22, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, and if consistent with the interest of the service I should like to have this question of orders investigated at once, as I think I can establish the correctness of my statement.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 23, 1864.

I did not intend General Griffin to march his troops over General Crawford's. I thought General Griffin was to form on General Crawford;s left. My orders, however, were so imperative to move forward that General Griffin may have had to do this without waiting to make different arrangements. The pressure under which I acted compelled me to urge rapidity of movement, but I did not suppose this thing would have happened. It was a very trying day to me, and I am willing to assume the whole or any foul rather than any feeling should exist between the two division. With so great difficulties as we have to contend with, annoying occurrences of this kind must be met with mutual forbearance.

G. K, WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

