HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Major DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

Please send me as soon as possible a guide that knows the shortest road to Chieves' house, on the Jerusalem plank road.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 21, 1864-8.30 p. m. (Sent 8.45 p. m.)

Major-General Wright,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that as soon as your corps is relieved by General Smith's you move to the left of General Birney, and take position there, pressing up against the enemy and driving them into their main works, but not taking the offensive so far as to assault their works. General Birney has formed, or is forming, on General Warren's left, which rests on the Jerusalem plank road, and will extend his line as far as possible, holding it defensively. The object of the transfer of corps to the left, and the extension of the lines they hold is to encircle Petersburg so far as to hold the two railroads, the Weldon and lynchburg. You will, therefore, extend your line from Birney's left as far as practicable consistent with its security as a defensive line. General Birney has had a cavalry detachment of some 800 men for purposes of reconnaissance to-day, and can probably give you information respecting the ground on his left.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

June 21, 1864.

This division will be relieved after dark by the Eighteenth Army Corps. Brigade commanders who have in their possession any entrenching tools will send them at dark to the wagons on the road at the crossing of Harrison's Creek. Brigade commanders will send to these headquarters as soon as practicable a report showing the date at which the term of service of their regiments expire, and the number of veterans who remain in the same after such expiration.

By command of Briegaier-General Russell:

HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864-1.15 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

We have relieved the two divisions of General Hancock. The artillery positions were filled by taking some artillery from General Potter's line and putting in batteries belonging to General Ferrero's command, which I did not think of yesterday when I reported.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

