
Corps, assigning me to duty with Eighteenth Corps, ordering me to reports to you in person. I would respectfully ask that I permitted to report to you by telegraph as either of me commands is in front of the enemy, and I would not like to leave unless you may order me.

Respectfully,

THOS. H. NEILL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

City Point, Va., June 21, 1864.

Co. J. W. SHAFFER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of yesterday.* It is not designed to disturb any of the arrangements made for the accommodation and supply of the commands under Major-General Butler; on the contrary, I shall make it my duty to assist in making them as perfect and efficient as possible. I shall be prepared when applied to by Colonel Fuller to place under his (or Captain Dodge's) immediate control such means of transportation as may be deemed necessary. The general charge must remain, however, as directed in the orders to which you referred, to enable me to execute the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding the armies, touching surplus and unnecessary transportation. As we are not only in sight of each other, but also in telegraphic communication, there can be no serious delays if the officers of my department exercise proper judgment and foresight. I beg to assure you that I will do all in my power to enforce uniformity of system and equality of supply in the quartermaster's department of both armies. If, at any time, I can be of assistance, please command me.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster,

Armies Operating against Richmond.

BERMUDA HUNDRED, June 21, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER:

The Dictator is here for the Fifth Massachusetts Cavalry to go to Point Lookout. They have 50 private horses and 900 men. It will be a tight fit. The One hundred and fifty-fifth Ohio National Guard at City Point have transportation for half their regiment. Captain Pitkin has not yet designated the boat for the balance of the regiment to go [to] Norfolk.

C. E. FULLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

JUNE 21, 1864-10.25 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FULLER, Chief Quartermaster:

Wheeler's battery has just started for Bermuda Landing.

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

19 R R-VOL XL, PT II

