HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864 -10 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

General Butler has been ordered to send to you at Wind-Mill Point 60,000 rations. Soon as these are received and issued you will move your corps by the most direct route to Petersburg, taking up a position where the City Point railroad crosses Harrison's Creek at the cross-roads indicated on the map at this point, and extend your right toward the mouth of Harrison's Creek where we now have a work. After Barlow has crossed, you will cross as much of your artillery and ammunition train as possible up to the moment you are ready to move, and if all is quiet at that time the ferriage of the rest can be continued, and they can join you.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Charles City Court-House, Va., June 14, 1864- 1 p.m.

The Second Corps will cross at Wilcox's Landing in the following order: Third Division, Major-General Birney; Second Division, Major-General Gibbon; First Division, Brigadier-General Barlow. The Artillery Brigade will be crossed between such divisions as may be hereafter designated, which will depend upon the means of transportation, notice being given to the commanding officer of the division which it is to precede. The Third Division when it crosses the river will take up suitable ground for defense, covering the landing. The other divisions will as they arrive take position on its left or in such order as may be hereafter designated. The ground selected for the permanent camp of the divisions will be indicated to commanders by the chief of staff. When that ground is selected the position will be intrenched. Each division commander will have a staff officer charged with seeing that there is no interval between his command and that which precedes. The artillery of divisions, wagons, &amp;c., will be crossed under orders to be given hereafter, depending on means of transportation.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 14, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your division with its artillery and ambulances to the river to take transports for the other side. The ammunition wagons of the division will not be moved until further orders. The general directs that if upon reaching the river no transportation be ready for your artillery it be parked off the road so that it shall not be in the way of the other troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

