
II. The First Brigade, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, will furnish for picket duty for the next twenty-four hours one regiment of not less than 400 men, properly officered, to report as follows: 100 men at Battery Nol 6 at 6.30 p. m., and 300 men at the main sally-port on the right of Battery Numbers 3 at 5 p. m. The other regiments of this brigade will line the entrenchments, the right resting on Battery Numbers 4 and their left extending beyond Battery Numbers 6.

III. The First Maryland (dismounted) Cavalry will immediately report to Colonel A. C. Voris, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers.

IV. The Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers will report for picket duty at the headquarters of the pickets at 5.30 p. m. this day. The Second Brigade of this division will furnish one regiment of not less than 300 men, properly officered, to report at the headquarters of the picket-line at 5.30 p. m. this day.

V. The Second Brigade of this division will immediately move to the right of the line and bivouac on the high immediately in rear of the right of the entrenchments and extending from the swamp to the ravine. They will be held in readiness to move into the entrenchments in the event of attack from the enemy, and will then occupy the works from the extreme right to the left of the swamp, extending as far to the left as is consistent with safety.

VI. The commanding officer of the Second Brigade will immediately detail, from one of his best regiments, four companies, amounting to not less than 150 men, under the command of a capable and reliable officer, to relieve the garrison of the redoubt in front of Battery Numbers 1. with orders to hold that work to the last in the event of attack. The detail of the Third Brigade, Second Division, will, upon being relieved, immediately report to the headquarters of their brigade.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION,North Side James River, June 21, 1864-1.15 a. m.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have established my picket-line without resistance. My entrenching and slashing parties are at work on the line indicated by the engineer.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION,North Bank James River, June 21, 1864-5.25 a. m.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The pontoon bridge is just this moment finished. My entrenching and slashing parties have been steadily at work making good progress. Thus far no enemy has appeared on my front.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

