HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CAMPBELL,

Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Vols., General Officer of the Day:

COLONEL: The captain of the right company of the picket-line that was relieve to-night reports that there is quite a little distance from the right of the line to the river that is not picked. I communicated this fact to General Foster, who directed me to report it to you with the request that you will see our line is extended to the river. General Foster thinks that men can be spared from the center of the line to picket the right.

H. M. P[LAISTED].
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION. TENTH ARMY CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to request information of the present stations of the regiments composing my division, and of the place where I can find Brigadier-General Marston.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. S. FERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 21, 1864.

Brigadier General O. S. FERRY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the First Brigade of your division is across the Appomattox, located as follows: One hundred and thirty-eighth Ohio National Guard at Spring Hill, One hundred and thirty-third Ohio National Guard at Fort Powhatan. One hundred and forty-third Ohio National Guard at Wilson's Wharf, One hundred and sixty-third Ohio National Guard at Wilson's Wharf, One hundred and fifty-fifth Ohio National Guard a City Point. These regiments will report to General Marston, at City Point, General Marston reporting to you. Of the Second Brigade, the One hundred and forty- eighth Ohio National Guard is stationed at Bermuda Landing and the remaining four within the line of entrenchments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 21, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General SMITH:

To so meritorious and able office as yourself, and to one toward whom the sincerest personal friendship and the highest respect concur, in my mind, I am and ever shall be unwilling to utter a word of complaint. Yet I think duty requires that I should call your attention to the fact that your column, which was ordered to move at daylight in the cool of the morning, is now just passing my headquarters in the heat of the

