
it should be corrected. I even stated that I did not desire to complain, and then stated the reason why your attention should be called to it. Indeed, last night I understood your orders as to time to be the same as were mine. Read the note again and see if you cannot wish the reply was not sent. Pardon me if I inclose and subscribe myself,

Truly, your friend,

BENJ. F. BUTLER.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., June 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff of Lieutenant-General Grant:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward to you copies of correspondence with General Butler* I have no comments to make, but would respectfully request that I may be relieved from duty in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 21, 1864-7 p.m.

Major General W. F. SMITH,

Commanding:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that when Major-General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps, moves to-night it will be necessary that the telegraph operators on duty at his headquarters should accompany him, and that with the present number of operators with this army it will be impossible to supply operators to keep open the office now located at the headquarters of the Sixth Corps.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,June 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General STANNARD,

Commanding Division, Eighteenth Corps:

GENERAL: General Wright wishes me to say that his Third Division will move to the left soon, by direction of General Meade. Three hundred men from this division are picketing or patrolling from the right of the line of the corps along the river to the gun-boats, and it is desired that you will relieve these men if practicable at once that they may move with their division.

Colonel Smith, the corps officer of the day, brings this, and will give you all necessary information about the position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found as inclosure, but see Butler to Smith 9 a.m. 21st; Smith to Butler, 3.40 p.m. 21st, and Butler to Smith, 5.30 and 5.45 p.m. 21st, ante.

---------------

