
WASHINGTON, June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Bermuda Hundred:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of General Sherman's report* of operations just received. General Stahel is organizing a column of all available forces in West Virginia to protect an ammunition train for General Hunter. If the enemy's forces in the Valley in Hunter's rear should prove as numerous as reported, it will hardly be possible to get through. Nothing has been heard here directly from General Hunter since he sent Stahel back, and our scouts have not been able to pass the rebel lines. General Stahel is acting under verbal instructions of Hunter, and may be able to communicate with him as he advances. Difficulties in Kentucky seem to have subsided for the present. General Rosecrans and Curtis are continually calling for more troops in their departments, the President and member of Congress being flooded with stampeding telegrams. They want 20,000 men to oppose 2,000 guerrillas. Brigadier General M. M. Crocker has tendered his resignation on account of ill health, his friends are urging that it be not accepted, and that he be sent to New Mexico or Arizona. The Secretary is willing to do this if, in your opinion, General C. should be retained in the service and is competent for a frontier command like the one suggested. He desires your opinion on this matter as early as convenient. Reports to staff department indicate stupendous frauds in General Banks' command at Vicksburg and on the Mississippi River generally. General Canby proposes a very general change of commanders, and for this purpose nearly all general officers not in actual command have been sent to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

CITY POINT, VA., June 22, 1864-9.40 a.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

What success have you met with in extending the investment of Petersburg?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Jerusalem Road, June 22, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Birney's left was attacked last evening, which required him to throw it back and take a position in rear of the line of circumvallation. He is moving up this morning and Wright is moving on his left. As yet all is apparently quiet.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVIII, Part I, p. 59.

---------------

