
do so. It is but just to you that this contradiction should be made public, and also that Captain C, mentioned by Mr. Clark should be made to give his authority for his statements.

U. S. GRANT.

[Inclosure.]

BOSTON, June 14, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

SIR: A Captain Carruth, of First Massachusetts Regiment Volunteers, returned home, reports that at the battle of the Wilderness General Meade advised that the army fall back again, as being impossible to advance, but that you would not permit it. Not believing that the gallant Meade volunteered any such advice, I have taken the liberty of informing you of the report, which, if untrue, you will not require even laurels forced upon you at the discredit of the hero of Gettysburg.

ISAAC P. CLARK,

113 Washington Street, Boston, Mass.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 41. City Point, Va., June 22, 1864.

I. The passes and permits of the lieutenant-general commanding, of Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, and of Major General G. G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, given by themselves respectively, or by their order, for persons, vessels, property, and supplies of all kinds, to pass and be passed from Washington, D. C., or Baltimore, Md., to their respective headquarters, City Point, Bermuda Hundred, and intermediate points to Washington and Baltimore, will be respected and obeyed by all military authorities, provost-marshals, and guards. Any disregard of these passes or permits, or interference with the subjects of them, will be an offense subjecting the guilty party to summary punishment.

II. City Point, Va., will be the depot of supplies for the Army of the Potomac, and for such purposes is hereby transferred from the command of Major General B. F. Butler to the command of Major General G. G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, who will immediately designate a garrison, under a proper officer, to relieve the present garrison, which, when relieved, will report to Major-General Butler for orders. Bermuda Hundred, Va., will be the depot of supplies for the army in the field of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 22, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to transmit four flags, captured from the enemy during the operations before Petersburg by troops of the Ninth Army Corps. The flag of the Forty-fourth Tennessee Regiment was taken by the Forty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

20 R R-VOL XL, PT II

