
CITY POINT, June 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

The steamer sent for rail-twisters did not arrive here until 1 p.m. last night. She was fired into on the Pamunkey at Cumberland Bar. I was much disappointed, and more disgusted, at the delay. I think Batchelder might have packed the necessary tools and send them after Wilson. General Meigs has just telegraphed me that 200 sets more will arrive to-day and 300 more in two days. What disposition will General Meade order to be made of them?

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, June 22, 1864.

(Received 9 a.m. 23d).

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two hundred sets of rail-twisters arrived on mail-boat to-night. I will hold them here until otherwise ordered.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

Operator says this got mislaid. He thinks it was sent last night, but repeated it to make sure.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 22, 1864-1 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Four men from Thomas' (Georgia) brigade, Wilcox's division, A. P. Hill's corps, taken this a.m. in front of their division between the Weldon railroad and the Jerusalem plank road, say that yesterday they were on the extreme right of the enemy's infantry line at a point they cannot well indicate, nearer the city than now; that at 3 p.m. they were moved farther to the right, the division crossed the railroad, and they were put out on skirmish line toward evening; that yesterday p.m. when they came out on skirmish line there were no earth-works on our front (here); that some guns were put in position. One says he saw General Lee on Saturday on the Richmond road on the other side of Petersburg. They think they are now the extreme right of the their line, Heth's division, of same corps, being next on their left. They know nothing of Ewell, but can account for all of A. P. Hill's and Longstreet's being here except McLaws' division of Longstreet's, which they have not seen for some days. They think, however, that it is here. The Third Division Cavalry sent in 2 officers (1 colonel) and 99 men during the night, taken yesterday p.m. down the Jerusalem plan road. I can get little out of them except that there are three North Carolina regiments of cavalry on our left commanded by General Barringer.

Respectfully,

GEORGIA H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

