HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

June 22, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Some of our scouts were out on the left yesterday and were overtaken by General Wilson this morning. They returned, having left General Wilson at 10.30 o'clock this morning at Reams' pump, or Reams' Station. Wilson had burned the station and some cars there and was opposed by very little force as he went in. As he went out a rebel force, 800 strong, of infantry and cavalry, with three pieces of artillery, came in his rear an took position on the road, attacking his rear and following. Some negroes said that Reams' Station was eighteen miles from Petersburg, but our men think that in coming from there here they have traveled only about ten or eleven miles. This memorandum is respectfully forwarded in the supposition that no order report has been received.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

TWO MILES EAST-SOUTHEAST OF PETERSBURG,

June 22, 1864.

Captain FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

See no change in enemy's position. During the night they have placed and abatis in front of each gun along the whole line of works. Guns in position same as yesterday, and enemy briskly engaged erecting short lines of works running at right angles with main line. Smokes still in woods in rear of works. No movement of enemy visible from this point.

W. H. WARTS,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,June 22, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The signal station near Friend's house reports:

Rebel signal station opposite our right (near Clifton) reported at 7 a.m. the enemy all quiet. At 10 a.m. saw a brigade of rebel infantry two miles from Petersburg (north of the Appomattox), moving in a northerly direction. Straggling squads have been passing since at intervals of ten or fifteen minutes in same direction.

The enemy have placed abatis in front of their line of works opposite the position the position of Fifth and Ninth Corps. I inclose an old letter,* a portion of which may be of interest. I have marked the paragraph to which I would call you attention. It was written March 24, 1864, as I have concluded in referring to a diary of that date, mentioning the snow-storm referred to in the letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain, &c.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

