
bridge occupied but do not want to cross any large body of troops until our train is nearer. If you can send down any portion of your train it will be a gain. Benham is in charge. Let your officers report their arrival to him and be governed by his views in crossing.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR No. 67.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 14, 1864.

The Ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Gregory, and the One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Major Ewing, are relieved from duty with the Second Division and will report to Brigadier-General Griffin, commanding First Division.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

June 14, 1864-11 a.m.

Division commanders and commander of Artillery Brigade will hold their commands in readiness to move at 12 noon. Everything must be packed ready to start.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 14, 1864.

[GENERAL WARREN:]

GENERAL: I hold the White Oak bridge with one brigade. The enemy have three guns on the opposite side of the creek, two of them in an old square redoubt of the old campaign. The creek cannot be crossed except at the bridge. The cavalry are all out the New Market road. Bates reports a line of battle advancing on him. I have stationed a battery and supported him by Lyle's brigade. If the enemy should make any strong attack my line covers too much ground. There is no firing in front where the cavalry have gone, but the roads in rear are open. Four regiments of Hampton Legion now on the New Market road. Some infantry should be sent. If the enemy attack I will report.

Very respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

I doubt if the enemy is in force. Can White Oak Swamp be passed?

JUNE 14, 1864.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: The cavalry report no ammunition and the brigade is falling back. It will not do to let the enemy on this road. I have

