
eral Mott and General Ricketts, which I am required to fill. General Ricketts (I am informed by one of his staff officers), with a division of the size of mine, has a front of only about one-quarter of a mile and has two lines. I shall have a front of about one mile. I have left a gap of two brigades between my right and General Mott which I understand from the order General Mott is to fill up.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[JUNE 22, 1864. For Morgan to Barlow, 4.50 a.m.; Walker to Barlow, 7.30 a.m.; and Morgan to Barlow (about 10 a.m.), relating to movements of troops, &amp;c., see Part I, pp. 325, 326.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 22, 1864-4.50 a.m.

Brigadier-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General Wright, Sixth Corps, is about advancing along the road on which General Barlow went out yesterday, and General Barlow has been directed to conform to the movement. The major-general commanding desires you to advance your division with General Barlow's advance, particularly the left, so your new position will be more nearly parallel to that occupied by the enemy. It is supposed that by the advance the line will be considerably contracted, and General Barlow has been directed to close in to the right so as to give you an opportunity of getting part of your division in reserve.

Respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 22, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

Wright and Birney are engaged with the enemy in force. Should it prove to be a very strong force it may be necessary for your command to advance or send a part to the left. Be ready for either contingency.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

(Same to General Burnside.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,June 22, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Griffin and Ayres, nearest my left, will each be able to send a brigade, if needed, to the left of them. I think it would be better to send more to meet the enemy if he is outside of his works than to advance

