
advanced my skirmish line in support. This is directly out the New Market road. There is nothing new at the bridge. The enemy seem uncertain what to do.

Very respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 14, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,Commanding Third Division, Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your command remain in its present position until further orders. That you put your troops in camp and make them as comfortable as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864-10 p.m. [Received 11 p.m.]

Major-General WRIGHT:

At early daylight to-morrow an engineer officer will be sent to select a short line covering the neck of land from which the brigade is being laid. I desire you to place your corps on this line, and to intrench it so that it can be held until the army has crossed the river. Should any of General Burnside's troops be now in position on this line you will request him to move farther toward the landing and mass, showing him this telegram as your authority.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The bridge is completed. General Burnside has been directed to cross his artillery and trains, with a brigade. After they have crossed I wish you to send over your trains and all the artillery you think can be spared, which may not be required in holding the line indicated this evening. You can send a sufficient guard with them, and direct them to park at some convenient point within two miles of the bridge. General Benham has charge of the bridge. Let your officers report their arrival to him, and be governed by his wishes in crossing.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 14, 1864-1.15 p.m.

A detail of 850 men from the First Division, 900 men from the Second Division, and 750 men from the Third Division, is hereby made, to report to Captain Mendell, U. S. Engineers, for work on the road leading

