
troops in the advanced line or artillery in position. What is the news from the left or other parts of the line to-day? If anything particularly interesting, please let me know by bearer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

[June 22, 1864.-For Sheridan to Humphreys, relating to operations of cavalry on north side of the James, see Vol. XXXVI, Part III, p. 789.]
HEADQUARTERS,June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point:

A prisoner belonging to the Forty-eighth North Carolina, Cooke's brigade,, Heth's division, of A. P. Hill's corps, was captured by General Foster to-day at Grover's house, on north side of the James. He states that his brigade, consisting of the Forty-eighth, Twenty-seventh, Forty-sixth and Fifteenth North Carolina, numbering about 1,000 men, left their breast-works, five miles in front of Richmond, last night, on a scout. Some cavalry had preceded them by several days; that they moved there from before us, near Petersburg, on the south side of the Appomattox, yesterday about 12, leaving Longstreet's corps in our front. His brigade crossed the James on a pontoon bridge below the bluff. He further states that the remainder of Hill's corps was distributed, some in Petersburg and some upon the other side of the Appomattox; that it was currently rumored in camp that Ewell had gone up the Valley to meet Hunter. He also says that the rear line- his brigade being the last-withdrew from my front yesterday about 12, and that none but the front line remains. My signal officer reports that at 2 p.m. a train of twenty-five freight-cars, five of them loaded with troops, passed Port Walthall Junction. This is the first train that has crossed since the tearing up of the track.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, June 22, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Nothing from Meade since 10 a.m. At 10 all was quiet and the line of investment being extended. Our cavalry left at 2 a.m. on an expedition to destroy the Danville railroad and to communicate with General Hunter.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, June 22, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

The siege train is now arriving, and it will be necessary to place Colonel Abbot in charge of it. Please direct him to report to me in person. A portion of his regiment will be required to take care of the train.

U. S. GRANT.

