HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 22, 1864-1.35 p.m.

Brigadier-General TURNER:

Please meet General Terry at these headquarters at 3 p.m. to-day.

By order of Brigadier-General Brooks:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 8. Point of Rocks, Va., June 22, 1864.

I. In compliance with general orders from department headquarters the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Second Division. The brigade commanders are announced as follows: First Brigade, Colonel N. M. Curtis, One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteers, commanding; Second Brigade, Colonel W. B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, commanding; Third Brigade, Colonel Louis Bell, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers, commanding. Those brigade commanders not having a staff organized will immediately organize one, and see that their brigades are equipped with all needful supplies.

J. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 10. Point of Rocks, Va., June 22, 1864.

Until further orders the following arrangements for outpost duty, guards of the trenches, and disposition of the troops of this division on the line of intrenchments will be immediately carried into effect: Colonel Barton's and Colonel Curtis' front will extend with his left in rear of Battery Numbers 6, the right of General Ferry's position, along the line, his right at Battery Numbers 4. Colonel Bell will be held in reserve in camp to the rear and left of Colonel Curtis. The several regiments of Colonels Barton's and Curtis' brigades will be encamped just in rear and as near as can be of the position they will occupy on the line, and the exact position of each regiment and company on the parapet will be indicated. The vacant space on the line caused by the absence of the regiment on picket duty will be filled by the regiments on the right and left by the men of these regiments opening out to the left and right. Regimental guards will be established to embrace the entire camp of their respective regiments and will furnish the sentinels for the parapets in front of their position. The duty of these sentinels will be to note everything that transpires, and give the alarm in case of the approach of the enemy and to report all picket-firing they may hear. In event of an alarm or heavy picket-firing, each regiment will fall in without further orders and take its position on the line, under the command of the senior officer present with the regiment. No enlisted man will be allowed to leave his camp or pass the regimental guards without permission of his company and regimental commander, except when on duty; and for all purposes of police or for bringing wood and water company commanders will be held responsible that proper and regular details are made; nor will regimental officers be allowed to pass beyond the limits of their bri-

