
DEEP BOTTOM, June 22, 1864.

General BROOKS:

We took the Grover house by charge of a company of the One hundredth New York. There was a company of infantry (rebel) there, about forty men. I hold the Grover house with two companies. The enemy are about 400 yards in front, at Ruffin's, trying to throw up rifle-pits. The gun-boats are shelling them and have driven them from the front of Grover house toward Four-Mile Creek.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Deep Bottom, June 22, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHEFFER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I send a prisoner taken this moment when we retook the Grover house, which was taken from us this morning. He says he belongs to Cooke's brigade, Hill's corps; that his brigade, with one regiment of cavalry are all they have on our front. His brigade came from Petersburg last night. He says all the troops that can be spared are coming around this way that place. Some were crossing in rear of his brigade. He thinks Ewell's corps is in the Valley yet. No casualties in my command save one man wounded.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Deep Bottom, June 22, 1864-11.05 p.m.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I send three men captured by the pickets of the gun-boat Hunchback on the north side of James River on the direct road to Richmond. They all report that they walker up from Norfolk on the south side of James River, and it is known that they crossed the James about five miles below here from inside our lines. There is no doubt that they were going to the enemy. One gave his name as John Smith; says he has been at work on the oyster-boat Peru, for a man named Richards, at Norforlk; cannot tell where. Michael Carroll says he has been at work for George Green, farmer, about six miles from Norfolk. They all know when or where they crossed the Appomattox. There is evidently something wrong about them.

Yours, truly,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., June 22, 1864-10.45 a.m.

Major-General SMITH,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

In glancing at your position yesterday it looks to me as if, with the commanding position on the high grounds about the house where Wright

