
to James River. They will assemble at 2.30 p.m. to-day, on the road in rear of the right of the line of this corps, where they will be received by Captain Halsted and conducted by him to Captain Mendell. The detail will be made up of complete organizations, as far as practicable, and will carry with them everything belonging to them, as they will not probably return to this camp. The ranking officer will assume command of the whole detail.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,

June 14, 1864-2 p.m.

The Third Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Clark commanding, and the Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, Fourth Brigade, Colonel Hamblin commanding, will at once report to Captain Halsted, aide-de-camp, on the road in rear of these headquarters, to be by him conducted to Captain Mendell, engineer officer, for work on the road leading to James River. The above commands will carry with them everything belonging to them, as they will not probably return to this camp. Colonel Hamblin to assume command of the whole detail.

By command of Brigadier-General Russell:

HENRY R. DALTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Jones' Bridge, June 14, 1864-7.20 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I intended to have communicated with you last night, but General Wright told me that he had informed you of my whereabouts. Owing to the great delay caused by the trains of which I spoke in my report of yesterday we did not reach the bridge until after 10 o'clock last night. We encamped there, and are now crossing to the south side of follow him, but it looks now as if it would be some hours before we can move. We have two large ambulance trains with us, one of the Second and one of the Eighteenth Army Corps, besides our own. It will be well on in the afternoon, no doubt, before the rear of our column gets off.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 14, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Brigadier-General Benham reports the bridge completed. You will therefore cross at once your artillery and trains, sending a brigade to guard, them, and park them a mile or two out from the bridge. Please direct the commanding officers to report their arrival to Brigadier-General

3 R R-VOL XL, PT II

