
and then it would be to turn the enemy's right, cross the Appomattox, and force a connection with Butler between Richmond and Petersburg. I have directed the Nineteenth Corps to be sent here, but it will take twenty days to bring them. By keeping the little cavalry you have well on the watch on the left I think you can have timely notice to save it, if attacked.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, June 23, 1864.

(Received 4 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

I have directed General Butler to try to relieve Burnside of at least one division front of his line between this and morning.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 23, 1864.

General MEADE:

A division will start this evening to increase Smith's force and enable him to relieve at least a division front of Burnside. You can make your arrangements accordingly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1864-9 p.m. (Received 3.15 a.m. 24th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Whilst the Sixth Corps was moving into position signal officers reported the movement of a heavy column of the enemy to our left. I immediately notified General Wright, and directed him, if the enemy threatened him to take the initiative and attack him, unless the movement of the enemy should be such as to endanger his flank. About 4 p.m. General Wright reported the appearance of the enemy on his left, having driven in his advance guard and a working party on the railroad. I immediately reiterated my order to him to act at once and promptly. Instead of taking either of these courses, he permitted the enemy to move at will, until he became alarmed, not only for his left, but his rear, and called for re-enforcements. I again urged him to attack at all hazards, and received for reply there was no time to form columns. I ordered an attack in line, but darkness was the excuse. As General Wright's position and line is faulty, and as he can give me on information of the enemy, except he believes him in great force on his flank, I have authorized him to withdraw to the position occupied last night, which is better fitted for maneuvering to-morrow. I cannot understand there has been anything but heavy skirmishing. I think you had better come up here to-morrow, if convenient.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

