HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1864-6 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Other prisoners (forty-eight in all) were sent in during the night (by Second Corps) from Anderson's division, which made the attack, and Wilcox's division, which supported. Afterward Wilcox went into line on the right of Anderson. Those just received this morning say they think their line fell back a little last night after dark. Those who say so are from Wilcox. How much it was withdrawn they do not know. In other respects they do not vary the information. They claim to have taken a number of prisoners from us (besides guns), but all admit they were badly hurt when they charged our pits. I am sending out as large a body of scouts as possible to our left.

Very respectfully,

G. H. S[HARPE],

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

June 23, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Cline has just come in from the left. He crossed the railroad at a point where a private road crossing the plantation of Doctor Gurley strikes it; scouted thence three-quarters of a mile beyond the railroad, where he found a line of the enemy's pickets not very strong. Cline does not think that there were evidences of the enemy being in great strength in that direction. Negroes and women from whom inquiries were made stated no facts which showed that the enemy were in strong force thereabouts. On his way back Cline found troops of the Second Division of the Sixth Corps, with some cavalry, engaged in destroying the railroad at the point indicated. He left the railroad at about 2.30 this p.m.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

FIELD SIGNAL STATION, June 23, 1864-9 a.m.

Captain B. F. FISHER:

Cannot see any change in front of this point. Guns still in position in enemy's works. Atmosphere very heavy.

W. H. WARTS,

Lieutenant.

SIGNAL STATION,

On Plank Road, North of Jones' House, June 23, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General MEADE, Commanding:

A column (several divisions) enemy's infantry moving on road close in rear of other line of works toward their left. The head of the column is now beyond the plank road. The rear of the column is passing a point about a mile southwest from the head of the column.

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Signal Officer.

(Same to Generals Warren and Burnside.)

22 R R-VOL XL, PT II

