
JUNE 23, 1864-6.15 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

General Wright's Headquarters:

I omitted to state that the report from General Birney, forwarded a few moments ago, was brought in verbally by a staff officer. A written report in answer to your dispatch has been sent for.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1864-6.35 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have advanced along my entire line, driving back on my right a line of skirmishers and finding nothing on my left. Prisoners report their force as having just left before they were taken. Generals Gibbon and Mott occupy the line of rifle pits from which his left fell back yesterday. My occupy the line of rifle pits from which his left fell back yesterday. My line is still advancing as rapidly as possible through the dense woods and for so long a line. My right is now skirmishing quite actively.

Respectfully,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my left connects with General Russell's right, who says that he connects with General Ricketts. General Russell has not advanced to-day, and I cannot do so until he does. My heavy skirmish line is now some miles in advance, without connection on left. My right is well forward, and scouts and pickets advancing. Has General Wright found the enemy in his front, and is it his intention to advance?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1864-8.30 a.m.

General BIRNEY:

I have seen Barlow's dispatch. I do not wish any attack on the enemy's works. As soon as you can advance your line in connection with Wright to envelop the enemy's line, I desire it done, and that you intrench yourself in the strongest manner possible.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Barlow to Walker, p. 341.

---------------

