
Benham, in charge of the bridge, and defer to his wishes in their movement across. Hold your command ready to move over to-morrow.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

P. S.-Please acknowledge receipt.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

June 14, 1864-12.30 p.m.*

In accordance with the inclosed order.+ you will at once get in readiness all your artillery trains and wagons, except three ammunition wagons and four ambulances to each division, to move across the bridge over the James River, under the direction of General Benham. General Ledlie will detail Colonel Marshall's brigade as guard to the trains. Colonel Marshall will report to General Benham immediately on his arrival at the bridge and receive his instructions. After crossing the bridge he will park his trains at least a mile from the river, so as not to interfere with the passage of troops. The officers in charge of artillery and wagons and Captain Marsh, chief of ambulance corps, will report to Colonel Marshall for instructions at once. This order should be carried out as promptly as possible.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

[To division commanders.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, June 14, 1864-11.50 a.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

Your dispatches of 9.30 and 10 a.m. are just received. Chapman's brigade engaged with the enemy all day yesterday; have exhausted their supply of ammunition, and I have but three wagon-loads in reserve for them. As soon as this is issued and McIntosh joins I shall proceed to carry out your instructions. I have already directed your cavalry to be relieved. Last night my skirmishers took two prisoners from Wilcox's division, of Hill's corps, near the cross-roads at which we were stationed. They said they had left their intrenchments near Bottom's Bridge about 10 a.m., and had marched to the Charles City Cross-Roads, near Riddell's, where late in the afternoon they were engaged in throwing up intrenchments. Some time before sunset they moved toward Malvern Hill, though it is not known that they were intending to go there. From the fact that about half an hour before sundown we were sharply attacked by cavalry and infantry, and although driven back were not pursued, it may be that the enemy were simply engaged in establishing a line from White Oak Swamp to Malvern Hill or that direction, and were feeling us for the purpose of divining our intention. This view of the case is strengthened by the fact that while no part of the enemy succeeded in crossing White Oak bridge they were observed from about noon passing in considerable force along the north bank of the swamp. I reported in the morning that Chapman had

---------------

*Or June 15, 12.30 a.m.

+See next, ante.

---------------

