
directed to relieve one of your divisions, that on your right, and the commanding general directs that you relieve the right division of General Birney.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,June 23, 1864-9 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

According to instructions, as you know, I advanced General Griffin on this side of the plank road up to the crest of the hill. It is thus considerably in advance of the right of the Second Corps, as they are unable to get up to the ridge. It is also very close to the enemy, and is a valuable point. I cannot throw a line running back to the Second Corps that will not be enfiladed. It seems to me the only way to hold that position is to have a strong reserve convenient to the place to re-enforce my men there if attacked, and at present I have none. If Griffin should be flanked we can hold again on Ayres' left to save a disaster to the corps. I think we should group or mass our troops more at points, holding the front line with a small force; then, if the enemy attacks anywhere, we can at once move to meet them. At present my men are, as it were, all posted, so that I could not re-enforce any point with a single man. Connections between corps temporarily broken would not then amount to much, as we should have at hand a large movable force at once to meet the enemy with. This was the disposition I had made at first of Griffin's division. I do not fear, all alone, an attack from any force if I have my troops concentrated, but I feel no security behind even breast-works with all in line. Break it once, and all go like the Second Corps yesterday and the Sixth Corps in the Wilderness.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,June 23, 1864-9 p.m.

General BURNSIDE:

General Humphreys informs me that you are to replace my right division by one of yours. Do yo know when you will be able to do it?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1864-9.33 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

I will relieve your division just as soon as Smith relieves mine, which I hope will be very soon. What is the strength of Crawford's division?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

One hundred and seventy-eight officers and 3,383 men.

