HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1864-10.115 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

I think it would be a good idea if Colonel Bryan gets on the Weldon road for him to set a party of men to work destroying it. I have just sent an officer to report to him, who commands a squadron of cavalry that started yesterday to follow Wilson, with two wagon loads of tools for destroying roads. They found the enemy have followed Wilson with two brigades, if not three, of cavalry, and they deemed it imprudent to go on. Bryan can now use these tools.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

A negro just came out by the railroad. He saw about 800 rebels near the road about a mile from the city. They have a breast-work and batteries close to the town, inside the corporation, as he expressed it. No guns in the batteries. No train yet running to Richmond. No gut-boat on the river, only a little mail-boat. The enemy's infantry came on the railroad to a water station about eight miles out of the town in the morning and returned in the evening.

T. LYMAN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The signal officer near Jones' house report a column of the enemy moving to the right (our left). What progress are you making in your advance? Please report, from time to time, without reference to Lyman. I have directed the telegraph to be pushed out the Williams road to avoid the delay of sending in to that house.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 23, 1864-12 m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The commanding general directs me to say that, having sent a staff officer to ascertain the results of the movement of the cavalry, he finds that they are not pushing out, but merely keeping some cavalry pickets on your left at an even pace with your infantry pickets. The commanding general desires that you throw out strong parties of the cavalry on the roads crossing the railroad, in advance of your left, and feel for the enemy.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

