HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 23, 1864-12 m.

Major-General WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Corps:

The commanding general has received your dispatch of 10.15 a.m., and directs me to say that part of it is not clear to him-that is, you have reported nothing in your immediate front, and this dispatch states that the general direction of your line is nearly right, though it will probably be advanced somewhat. It is intended you should advance until you meet the enemy, and press them back into their works. General Barlow reports that his skirmish line is one mile and a half in advance of his line of battle, which he will advance with your line of battle. His skirmishers are before the enemy's works. The commanding general thinks you should throw forward your skirmishers as far as Barlow's and advance your line of battle. Instructions have been sent you to use Bryan's cavalry to destroy the railroad.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

June 23, 1864-12.10 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I left a small part of the cavalry to watch my flank, and sent the rest in two parties to proceed to the designated roads, feel the enemy, and get information. I have reiterated those orders. When your last two dispatches were received I was on my way to see General Birney to arrange an advance, having previously ordered my picket-line forward. As I don't believe an advance of the two corps can be made in conjunction without this interview I shall continue on with my own command alone, without regarding connection with any other corps. I can of course advance at any time.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General.

JUNE 23, 1864-12.30.

[General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:]

Colonel Bryan's cavalry, on the road running nearly at right angles to the plank road, have met a few cavalry. His men have dismounted and are pushing them. They are near Doctor Gurley's house, which is reported to be about two miles from the railroad.

W. W. SANDERS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 23, 1864-12.45 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The signal officer in this vicinity reports that he has seen a column of infantry at least a mile long, with two batteries of artillery, moving out of the enemy's works along the Weldon railroad. The commanding gen-

