
eral thinks you should throw out your pickets well in your front and push out parties of cavalry, so as to give you due notice of the enemy's position as you advance.

A. A. HUMPHREY'S.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 23, 1864-12.45 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The line will be completed to General Wright in about an hour-as rapidly as possible. General Wright has gone to see General Birney.

CHAS. W. WOOLSEY,

Aide-de-Camp.

JUNE 23, 1864-1.30 p.m.

[General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:]

Colonel Bryan's cavalry are on the railroad and are at work destroying it. The few scouts in front of him retired as he advanced. The two wagons with intrenching tools have not reported to Colonel Bryan. He has sent to General Wright for some.

W. W. SANDERS.

JUNE 23, 1864-3 p.m.

[General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:]

A column of the enemy's infantry is now moving down the railroad. It is now opposite Doctor Gurley's house, which is said to be five miles from Petersburg and is three-quarters of a mile from railroad. The cavalry have fallen back to within a quarter of a mile of this house. The infantry on railroad are also falling back. The cavalry destroyed about one-quarter of a mile of the railroad and one culvert. Cannot find out how much the infantry destroyed.

W. W. SANDERS.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

The enemy, represented so far as a brigade in two lines of battle with skirmishers out; has driven our party from the railroad and is slowly pressing them toward our left flank. General Wright thinks of swinging back part of Rickett's to assist General Wheaton in holding the flank. Orders have been sent to the cavalry to again advance and attack anything but a line of battle.

THEO. LYMAN.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

June 23, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

The enemy has driven my small force off the railroad, displaying two lines of battle of perhaps two regiments front and a skirmish line. Addi-

