
tional force is reported to be advancing on their left of that mentioned, and a further force has crossed the railroad. Everything looks like an intended attack on the left of my line. If you have any troops to spare you had better send them, as my left is, after all, weak. I have stopped the movement of my main lines forward.

H. G. WRIGHT.

Major-General, Commanding.

I have been forced to take away the small brigade on the Jerusalem road, so that if the position is important it must be held by some force from other commands.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 23, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Corps:

Your dispatch received. The commanding general directs you take the initiative and attack the enemy if, in your judgment, this course is advisable; if not, that you withdraw your left flank so as to secure it, and in case you move so as affect your right, that you notify General Barlow who will be directed to withdraw his left as you do your right. General Warren has been ordered to send such force as he can spare to the Williams house. A staff officer had better be sent there to indicate the position the command should occupy. The enemy must be resisted with all your force, and, if practicable, forced back.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,June 23, 1864-4.20 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

A report has just come in purporting to be from the cavalry that the enemy is advancing up the Jerusalem plank road. It would be well, I think, to watch that road by a small infantry force. I have not heard directly from the cavalry.

H. G. WRIGHT.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 23, 1864-4.25 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The line of skirmishers in front of cavalry is not advancing out from railroad now, but is moving to our left. Their line is now about half a mile out from railroad. Have not been able to see or hear of anything but a skirmish line in front of cavalry.

W. W. SANDERS,

Captain, Sixth Infantry.

23 R R-VOL XL, PT II

