
you must leave your pickets as far as possible to your front, and also extend them on your left well down the plank road. You will report in person to these headquarters as soon as your line is established. The troops of the Fifth Corps will be held in reserve on the east of the plank road, those of the Second Corps returned to their commands. You will notify General Barlow of your movement that he may conform to it.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS.

June 23, 1864.

As indicated in verbal orders given division commanders to-night, the corps will be withdrawn at once from the position occupied to-day and resume that held last night previous to the advance. General Russell with First Division on the right commencing from the Strong house, and connecting with the Second Corps. General Ricketts with Third Division on the left of General Russell, and occupying the works toward the Williams house, as far as his division will extend. General Wheaton with Second Division on the left of General Ricketts, placing at least one brigade between the swamp and plank road. The two brigades of the Fifth Corps, the senior officer taking command, will take position in the first open field on the other side of the plank road in rear of the prolongations of General Wheaton's lines to the left. The pickets will not be withdrawn from their present position until the corps has been withdrawn. The corps officer of the day has received instructions as to their withdrawal. Upon taking the new position the pickets will, when there are entrenchments, occupy the most advanced ones, always, being kept at least half a mile in advance of the line. The pickets of the Second Division will connect with those of the two brigades of the Fifth Corps, which will be thrown at least half a mile in advance of the prolongation of General Wheaton's line to the left. Colonel Tompkins will order one battery to report to General Wheaton, and whatever can be used to the brigades of the Fifth Corps. Colonel Bryan, commanding cavalry, will throw out his command at least three miles onto Jerusalem plank road, picketing in strong force all roads, striking in on the right..

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS,June 23, 1864-12.10 p.m.

General MEADE:

Reports from all parts of the line that were attacked are in and the result is that a small portion of our picket-line was driven in but it has been re-established. Our loss is inconsiderable; that of the enemy not known. They were within canister range. Abatis is being placed along our entire line. The work will be finished before morning. The abatis was prepared in rear of the line to-day and has been carried up.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

