
Phillips' house. The patrol sent to communicate with Colonel Chapman has just returned, and I will keep the communication open by pickets and by patrolling.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.-The only party I met coming out here was a scouting party of about fifty to seventy-five men who had gone out from this point. I have taken one prisoner, who is a mounted infantryman. He states he belongs to Hampton Legion, and is under Colonel Gary, who commands his brigade. Colonel Gary's brigade is not yet raised. This prisoner states that they were sent out by General Ransom, of Richmond; that they had mounted themselves a short time since. Ambulances arrived all right.

Respectfully,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, June 15, 1864-2.30 a.m.

Respectfully forwarded, from which it will be seen that our front is now well out.

J. H. WILSON,Brigadier-General.

IN CAMP NEAR CHARLES CITY COURT-HOUSE, VA., June 14, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

The cavalry commander, General Wilson, reports that Ewell's and Hill's corps have taken up the line from Malvern Hill to White Oak Swamp. I inclose you the evidence he has of this, in addition to our cavalry having encountered infantry on this line.* This locks favorable for the success of your attack on Petersburg to-night. General Hancock's corps, numbering about 28,000 men, will be all over to the south side of James River at Wind-Mill Point before daylight, and will march in the morning direct for Petersburg, with directions, however, to halt at the point on that road nearest City Point, unless he receives further orders. If the force going into Petersburg find re-enforcements necessary, by sending back to General Hancock he will push forward. The rations of the Second Corps [Hancock's] will be sent to-morrow morning. It will be impossible to supply him from here earlier than that. To have this corps ready for service you will please direct your commissary to send down by boat to Wind-Mill Point to-night 60,000 rations to issue to them. Without this precaution the services of this corps cannot be had for an emergency to-morrow. Please direct one of the army gun-boats to move down to Fort Powhatan at once, to remain there until the crossing of the army is completed. If you can communicate with Admiral Lee I would be pleased if you would request him to send a gun-boat to remain in this same way.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Wilson to Humphreys,11.50 a.m.,p.34.

---------------

