
JUNE 23, 1864-3.40 p.m.

(Received 4.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A party of North Carolina a troops have cut the telegraph line were are endeavoring to establish to Jamestown Island. I have sent down a small cavalry squad, who report, who report all that part of the country near Brandon and Surry Court-House filled with deserters and stragglers from the Army of the Potomac. Might not General Patrick send a company or two of cavalry to gather them up? I have sent fifty cavalry to clean out the guerrillas at Surry Court-House,and to warn the inhabitants there that [sic] is not respected, their houses will be burned and some of them get hanged.

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

Major-General.

CITY POINT, June 23, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Give General Smith as many re-enforcements as you can and instruct him to relieve as much of Burnside's corps as he can, at least one division front, so as to enable Meade to extend and protect his left. Meade is now to the Weldon railroad. If possible I would like Burnside relieved by to-morrow morning.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,June 23, 1864-4.35 p.m. (Received 5.03 p.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

Dispatch in regard to re-enforcing Smith received. It shall be done. Orders will go out immediately. The troops will be moved at once. I will send Turner's division, which will leave me 4,000 troops on this line.

B. F. BUTLER.

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA.

In the Field, June 23, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT.

City Point:

Foster has been re-enforced by one brigade, which is now intrenching on the downstream side of Four-Mile Creek. That second bridge from Jones' Neck to the lower side of the creek was laid last night. That point is now, I think, for good, in our possession, and I suppose some picket-firing is going on. I will telegraph at once to Foster.

Respectfully,G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Engineers.

