HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 23, 1864

Colonel C. B. COMSTOCK

Aide-de-Camp, Hdqrs. Lieutenant-General Grant, City Point:

Your dispatch for General Smith has been received, and will be at once forwarded. Our telegraphed line from City Point runs, it is believed, within a short distance of General Smith's present headquarters, and if operators are sent to him he will be enabled to have telegraphic communication with you. All the operators we have are indispensably necessary at these headquarters and with the several corps, and we have no more field wire than is required for this army. Should you have occasion to send dispatches to General Smith, as matters now are, it would save time to send your dispatches to General Burnside's headquarters or to the Point of Rocks, if there is an office in that place.

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

June 23, 1864

Colonel SHAFFER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I sent you a dispatch this a.m. saying that my battery of 30-pounder guns was nearly out of ammunition, the requisition sent some thirty-six hours since not having been filled. Since then they have expended what little they had and are now entirely destitute. If the enemy open upon them, or upon the troops on the plain below, this battery will be useless, where, had they a supply of ammunition, they could be of more service than any of my others. Will you please have them supplied at once.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.

WM. F. SMITH.

Major-General.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,June 23, 1864.

General SMITH, Eighteenth Corps:

Ammunition for 30-pounder Parrotts has been ordered to you.

J. W. SHAFFER.

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA.

In the Field, June 23, 1864

Major-General SMITH:

GENERAL: Your requisition yesterday for additional guns and ammunition meant, as I supposed, ammunition only for guns to be sent, and not for batteries then with you. The requisition was referred to General Grant, as we had not the guns to spare. As soon as your dispatch was received this morning asking for 30-pounder ammunition it was got ready and forwarded to you, and has, I have no doubt, arrived ere this. All requisitions for supplies that you make will be promptly forwarded if in our power.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

