HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,June 23, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: On the official report of my chief of artillery, who is also acting inspecting officer for that arm, I would respectfully request that the colored battery now serving with General Hinks be either ordered back to Bermuda Landing, or that its members be transferred to the infantry and their place supplied by volunteers from the heavy artillery. The officers I do not complain, of, but the men as artillerists are not to be relieved upon and are totally inefficient in their present capacity, while they would be serviceable as infantry.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

W. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NAVAL Brigadier, DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,U. S. ARMY GUN-BOAT CHAMBERLAIN

June 23, 1864

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER.

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Inclosed please find a communication* addressed by me to Lieutenant-Colonel Fuller, chief quartermaster at Bermuda Hundred, with his indorsement thereon. The boats selected by me prove on a thorough inspection to be peculiarly fitted for army gun-boats: indeed it would be difficult in any port to find two low-pressure tugs with ample deck room and other requisites for this service equal to the two named. I find that the great draught claimed by these boats is occasioned by the large amount of water carried aft to make the screw more powerful, the Francis King having at the present time about eighteen tons of water in tanks below. An armament forward and proper disposition of weight will put them on even keel, and they will prove just the thing for my use. I had anticipated some opposition from the quartermaster's department, although Colonel Biggs has kindly written me that any boats at this disposal, except the Geneva, were at my service. Still, the objection put by Colonel Fuller is so easily met by the charter of more boats for his service that I consider if of little weight. I therefore respectfully request that Major-General Butler will order their transfer with as little delay as possible.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General of U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,June 23, 1864-10.30 a.m.

General PALMER:

I propose doing myself the pleasure to call upon this p.m. I will also send by same train my prisoners of war. I think a return demonstration may be made upon me. Can I keep the Fifteenth [Connecticut] here until to-morrow, when other arrangements can be made?

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

