
Colonel Savage's front wants to be seen to. Colonel Folk is very desirous to see you; can I bring him along to your office? He is a fine man and has acted very honorably. What from Colonel Jourdan?

P. J. CLAASSEN.

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

FORT MONROE, June 23, 1864-2.35 p.m.

D. H. BATES:

Perkins was too much afraid of guerrillas to run wire half a mile to connect with cable at Jamestown, though he was on the ground with twenty men to guard him. I cannot obtain guard here. I think two companies of cavalry or one company of cavalry and one company of infantry will guard the line. General Butler perhaps will furnish guard. There are no officers here to whom to apply.

GEO. D. SHELDON.

WASHINGTON, June 23, 1864.

A. H. CALDWELL:

What arrangements have been made, if any, for guarding line from Swan Point to City Point? I presumed from what you said on that subject a few since that a sufficient guard had been stationed by this time. General Grant is desirous of having communication, and I presume General Meade is also. Bickford, Cowan, Rand, and Painter left White House this morning and will proceed at once to City Point. Shall order one of them to remain at Fort Powhatan.

THOS. T. ECKERT,

CITY POINT, June 24, 1864-9 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK.

Chief of Staff:

No special change or news to report for yesterday. The enemy showed himself in large attacked. Failing in getting the attack made before dark, he then ordered the left corps back to the position which they had just left. This was taken without being followed up by the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,June 24, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK.

Chief of Staff:

I find the affair of the 22nd was much worse than I had heretofore learned. Our losses (nearly all captures) were not far from 2,000, and four pieces of artillery. The affair was a stampede and surprise to both parties and ought to have been turned in our favor. Richmond paper of yesterday states that Hunter, at last accounts, was at Salem, retiring by the route taken by Averell last fall. Our cavalry (small detachment) is now on the Weldon road destroying it. Wilson, with 7,000

