HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 24, 1864-11 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am awaiting you at my headquarters, which are on the Jerusalem plank road on the left-hand side, just beyond the Jones house, or about a mile from the line of battle on that road. I send Major Riddle, aide-de-camp, who will guide you here.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General

JUNE 24, 1864-4.50 p.m.

General RAWLINS.

Chief of Staff, General Meade's Headquarters:

Colonel Smith, of General Sheridan's command, has just arrived here to see General Grant. He reports that Sheridan's command and wagon train have arrived at Wilcox's Wharf. The enemy appear and are reported to be in great force on the opposite side of Herring Creek. Hampton's force crossed by Saint Mary's Church last night toward Westover, and the negroes say that it was about three hours in passing. Yesterday one brigade of the enemy's cavalry made an attack for the purpose of getting into the wagon train, but were repulsed. This morning the advance guard of the train was attacked, but the enemy was driven back until they took up the position on the opposite side of Herring Creek. The enemy is supposed to be in force at Phillips'. General Sheridan desires to know whether he had better push through with his train; whether we have any force on the north side of the river to assist him if necessary; whether it is deemed safe to try to risk the train to come up to Harrison's Landing. General Ingalls is of the opinion that the command would better drop down in the Neck, where the army crossed, and where the train could be easily protected and ferried over at Douthat's and at the point where the pontoon was laid. Please give directions; the officer is waiting.

T. S. BOWERS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 24, 1864.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS.

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point, Va.:

Direct General Sheridan to drop down to where the army crossed James River, and General Ingalls to furnish transportation to cross his command.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, June 24, 1864-10.15 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

If you can spare Colonel Burton I wish you would send him to report to General Smith to take charge of the portion of the siege train now on its way out to him. The whole of the siege train is now up. Such portions of it as you think can be used advantageously on your front will be sent to you at any time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

