HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 24, 1864-11 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch 10.15 received. I can use a portion of the siege train and shall require Colonel Burton to take charge of it, now that Colonel Abbot, for whom I applied in April last, and who I understood would be sent with the train, is now with General Butler and can be given to General Smith. I am also informed that General Smith his a competent officer, Colonel Gibson, under his immediate command, who is available for this duty. I have, therefore,less hesitation in asking to retain Colonel Burton for my own purposes.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 218. Washington, June 24, 1864.

* * * * * *

25. Brigadier General Thomas A. Rowley, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major-General Couch, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the Department of the Susquehanna, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * *

36. Brigadier General P. R. de Trobriand, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the East, and will report in person without delay, to the commanding general Army of the Potomac, for duty.

37. Brigadier General L. C. Hunt, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person without delay, to the commanding general Department of the East, for duty.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,June 24, 1864-9.30 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

A prisoner is just sent in by the Sixth Corps from Wright's (Georgia) brigade, of Anderson's division. He was taken early this morning near the right of the enemy's line toward where our troops are in the vicinity of the railroad. He had been sent to the headquarters of General Mahone, commanding Anderson's division, last night, with some 300 prisoners taken from us, they having, he says, surprised our entire picket-line while rations were being issued. On his way back this morning he mistook his way, Anderson's division, while he had been gone, having been thrown still farther to the right of the enemy's line. His brigade now lies in the center of his division, and his division is the extreme right of A. P. Hill's corps and of the enemy's line, Finegan's (Florida) brigade being nearest to the railroad. Wilcox is next on Anderson's left, and Heth's division next. Longstreet's corps, he says, is in the enemy's center,and Beauregard commands and holds their left. This agrees with all our other information, except that I believe Pick-

