
ett's division is between the James and the Appomattox. I am satis fied from examination of this man, who is a great talker and blow-hard, that no part of Ewell's corps has returned or is in this vicinity. He says he heard, a day or two ago, that Ewell's corps had captured Hunter, but he does not seem to believe the report. He says the principal movement of troops by the enemy yesterday was to the right, for the purpose of prolonging their, line, which they found to be a necessity. He also says that he was one of the guard who carried to the rear the prisoners taken might before last, and that they were registered (as he phrases it) at the number of 2,600.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE.

Colonel, &amp;c.

P. S.- A prisoner is just sent in by the Second Corps from the Twenty-sixth South Carolina. This regiment is in Evans' old brigade, of Bushrod Johnson's division, Beauregard's command. The man does not know much about organization, but I think from what he says that Johnson's division was lying in reserve up to yesterday morning near the town, and that when the enemy's line was extend to their right it was moved (or part of it at least) to occupy the gap made by Hill's moving to the right. He says that his division was moved again this morning,just about daylight. He does not know in which direction, but I think to the enemy's left.

Respectfully,

G. H. S.

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL.

June 24, 1864

General HUMPHREYS:

Fifteen prisoners of war sent in by the Sixth Corps are mostly from Finegan's (Florida) brigade, and some from other brigades in Anderson's division, and Kirkland's brigade, in Heth's division. They do not change the information communicated this morning. They were taken where they laid down to rest last night, and they all agree that their division (Anderson's), with the portion of Heth's that was sent with it to drive our men back from the railroad yesterday p.m., retired last night. One of them said he understood there was an order for them to return to Petersburg. That they did retire seems to be without doubt. None of them are intelligent or communicative. Finegan brought with him from Florida one regiment and three battalions, with which Perry's (Florida) brigade was consolidate, Perry having been wounded in the Wilderness and Finegan being now in command.

Very respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

June 24, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The officers on station report no movements visible along the line this morning. The enemy threw up considerable ground last

