
and measures were taken to ascertain about it before advancing the main force. While awaiting this information I went to headquarters Army of the Potomac, and was instructed by the general commanding not to advance and to hold my picket in the advanced position then occupied. Orders to this effect were at once issued, it having been ascertained in the meantime that the picket connection with the Second Corps was perfect. I was therefore at a loss to understand your order of this evening for me to advance my picket-line in connection with the Second Corps, and presume that it is explained by the statement of General Russell that the right had been thrown back to maintain its connection with the line on its right. I believe that the pickets moved promptly to the positions indicated by me and halted only with orders from me, approved by the major-general commanding upon my representations. The subsequent falling back of the right of the line, which I was not then aware of was necessary to preserve the connection, and it is not unlikely that the officers refused again to move forward without orders from me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT.

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT CAVALRY CORPS.

June 24, 1864-3.50 p.m.

Major WHITTIER.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders a part of my forces, numbering about 150 men, have proceeded about seven miles and more down the old Norfolk road, guided by a contraband (who knows the country well), and after using every means to find out any indications of the enemy, I report as follows: The negroes report that there is in Sussex County about 2,000 of the enemy's cavalry. No force has been met on the march. My command has halted. Shall they not return and rest their horses in camp?

Very respectfully.

T. M. BRYAN, JR.

Colonel, Commanding Detachment Cavalry Corps.

(Forward to General Humphreys.)

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS.

June 24, 1864-1 a.m.

The picket-line will be advanced at 6 o'clock this morning for the purpose of feeling the enemy (if they still remain in our front), pushing forward until their position of this afternoon is obtained. Colonel Bryan, commanding cavalry, will also throw out the pickets of his command, at the same hour, until they ascertain the position of the enemy. Colonel T. O. Seaver, Third Vermont Volunteers is detailed corps officer of the day and will report at these headquarters at 5.30 a.m.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

