
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS.

June 24 1864-11.45 a.m.

Division commanders will be prepared to move as soon as orders to that effect are received by them. These orders will be sent as soon as notice has been received from the corps officer of the day that the picket-line has been established the same as yesterday and connection made with that of the Second Corps.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

June 24, 1864-2.10 p.m.

Division commanders will at once intrench their present positions, and will strengthen the works already thrown up. It is possible that the corps may remain in its present position for a day or two.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

June 24, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT.

Commanding Sixth Corps:

SIR: I have just returned from an examination of the picket-lines of a portion of Second and Sixth Corps. The following I find to be the facts in regard to the connection and movements of the two picket-lines to-day; The connection of the lines was established about 6 or 7 this morning; has remained complete and perfect at the junction of the two corps all day. When the lines were advanced both lines moved forward together up to about the same line occupied last night just before the corps withdrew, the Sixth Corps line moving forward promptly with that of the Second Corps. The order to fall back to the position now occupied came from the right of the line of the Second Corps and was passed down to the right of the Sixth Corps. The lines of Second Corps were broken and retired somewhere about the center of the line of that corps, in the Third Brigade, First Division, I think. These facts I gain from a personal examination of the lines and from statements made to me by Captain Patton, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, and from Lieutenant G. L. Hersum, Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers, both officers of the Second Corps and on duty on the line all day, the latter in command of the portion of the line next the Sixth Corps, who says he passed to the commanding officer of Sixth Corps line on his left the order to retire; that they did not retire until he gave the order. (The same statements were made to me by enlisted [men] at several points along the line.) He had been instructed, he says, to pay especial attention to the movements of Sixth Corps line, and consequently observed its movements closely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. A. RUSSELL.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

