HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 24, 1864.

General RAWLINS, Chief of Staff:

My wagons and men, with proper requisitions, went to City Point today for Coehorn mortars. The depot ordnance officer refused to issue without approval of Lieutenant Edie. Will you please give orders to issue as my wagons are at City Point, also for the issue of Spencer rifles and Sharps carbines.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS, June 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel NICOLAS BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I was this morning attacked by a heavy line of skirmishers, sent against me by the rebel General Hoke. My pickets, according to directions, fell back to the main body, and thus decoyed the enemy into the pits directly before my front line. My brigade then opened fire so sharply that the enemy could neither advance nor retreat or remain where they were in safety. They accordingly threw down their arms, and between 50 and 60 surrendered themselves and were passed to the rear, including 1 captain, 6 sergeants, and other non-commissioned officers. A portion of the enemy endeavored to escape to their own lines, and in so doing about 40 were shot down in front of our brigade. Twenty-four of these are lying before the Fortieth Massachusetts, killed by their Spencer rifles, which were fired with great rapidity and precision. My casualties are only 3 killed and 8 wounded.

GUY V. HENRY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 24, 1864.

General HINKS:

The general commanding directs that you move all of your disposable force up the road near these headquarters, to support General Turner in his attack at 7 p.m. this evening.

Respectfully, &c.,N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

YORKTOWN, June 24, 1864.

Captain G. H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Norfolk:

The following order from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina has just been received:

Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved of his present command and will report without delay to these headquarters for assignment to duty.

By command of Major-General Butler:

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel, &c.

JOS. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

26 R R-VOL XL, PT II

