
CITY POINT, June 25, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Richmond papers of yesterday state that Hunter at last accounts was at Fincastle. He will probably go to Beverly. There will be no use in Stahel attempting to reach him. All quiet here. Sheridan is now crossing the river where the army crossed. Yesterday evening Gregg's division had a very severe fight with the enemy between Charles City Court-House and Long Bridge. I do not know the result, but understand unofficially that we saved all the wagon train, which seemed to be the object of the attack. The loss was said to be heavy on both sides, the enemy coming in close canister range. The same Richmond paper announces that Wilson reached Burkeville. I shall try to give the army a few days' rest, which they now stand much in need of.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General Hdqrs. Armies in the Field:

The accompanying copies of communications* from the chief quartermaster and chief commissary of this army are respectfully referred for the consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding, in connection with so much of the telegrams from Major-General Sheridan, commanding the Cavalry Corps, dated June 20 and 23, as represents, in substance, that his movements from the White House, after the return of his recent expedition, were delayed in consequence of his finding an insufficiency of supplies at that place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CITY POINT, June 25, 1864. [Received 2.50 p.m.]

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In addition to the 30,000 rations of forage ordered to be left at White House, there was left at that point 375,000 pounds grain and 71,000 pounds hay. Including the 30,000 rations, there was 795,000 pounds grain and 371,000 pounds hay. All of this amount was issued. A schooner loaded with hay and grain was afterward brought up from Fort Monroe and issued for the Cavalry Corps.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, City Point, June 25, 1864-7 p.m.

General SETH WILLIAMS,Adjt. General Army of the Potomac, General Meade's Hdqrs.:

I have returned from Douthat's Landing. General Sheridan is there with his command. His trains are all in without loss. They are in

---------------

*That of the chief commissary not found.

---------------

