
are on the "Pocahontas side," beyond the Appomattox, three-quarters of a mile from the bridge, at the house of Doctor Gilliam; that General Beauregard has his headquarters in Petersburg, at "Center Hill," the residence of a Mr. Bolling; that night before last it was understood that all the railroad leading into Richmond were cut, except, perhaps, the Petersburg and Richmond road.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 25, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

A prisoner of war is sent in to us from the First Division of the Second Corps. He thinks he was taken by the Sixty-first New York. He belongs to Finegan's [Florida] brigade, which continues to-day, as it did yesterday and the day before, to be the extreme right of the enemy's line. He has been here but a short time, but talks with freedom and knows the enemy's organization tolerably well. Finegan's brigade is the extreme right of Anderson's division and Wilcox is still next on the left of Anderson. He says they have been moved twice-once day before yesterday evening, and once yesterday afternoon; both times to the enemy's left, and thinks that they are now distant "a little over a mile" from where the railroad is torn up. He says there is nothing between Finegan and the railroad except some cavalry, of which he has seen only about 100.

Very respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

SIGNAL STATION,

On Plank Road, three-quarters of a mile north of Jones' House,

June 25, 1864-8.25 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

The enemy have a much stronger skirmish line this a.m. than heretofore. They have also during the night strengthened their line of works at various points. A few more tents can be seen scattered along their line. No movement visible.

J. B. DUFF,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, June 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have received the following messages, taken from the enemy's signal station in Petersburg:

OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

This a.m. one company of infantry crossed the pontoon, coming to this side of the river. One gun-boat lying above pontoons. Wagons crossing.

W. S. L.

