
Thirty-three wagons have passed on the east road, between where it joins the Broadway and Petersburg going toward east. Four ambulances passing same way.

The enemy have erected another battery for two guns in a line with battery No. 5, about three-quarters of a mile this side.

Thirty-two wagons and ambulances passing road at same point stated in last message. Moving toward front.

The station near the plank road reports the enemy in greater number in our immediate front than they were yesterday. The pits for skirmishers much more numerous. No movements of troops observed today. Five or six wagons passed each way along the road near the Weldon railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

FRIEND'S HOUSE SIGNAL STATION, June 25, 1864-12 m.

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

Two trains of cars left Petersburg in the direction of Richmond this morning at 2 o'clock. One train of two passenger and ten box cars, and one train of eleven box-cars arrived at Pocahontas at 10 a.m.

T. R. CLARK,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, June 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The trains have been passing to-day back and forth upon the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad. Five trains went toward Richmond and two came into Pocahontas from the direction of Richmond. Two trains going in direction of Richmond were not loaded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

THREE MILES FROM YORKTOWN, June 25, 1864-12 o'clock.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

I will be in Yorktown this p.m. Have been delayed in taking down line by being attacked by guerrillas and Confederate soldiers. The guards have lost 2 men in killed and 3 prisoners of Twentieth New York Cavalry. There were six dead rebels left on the ground. They carried their wounded away. Having to feel their way through the woods en route, we could not take line down very fast.

WM. MACINTOSH.

