
so that he can report fully to you. The artillery ordered can march to road leading to pontoon bridge and there await troops. There will be a fire on the road. Troops march at 2 o'clock.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 14, 1864-11.30 P. M.

Colonel SHAFFER:

I have assigned General Foster to the temporary command of my division. I shall have to supply Kautz' gap by the 100-days' regiments, which have been assigned to my division. They will furnish 2,200 men. I shall put them under the command of an experienced colonel from Hawley's brigade. I think that Foster can hold his line with the old troops unless more artillery is ordered away. I construe your order for four field batteries to mean four batteries to be taken from the whole line. I have therefore detailed two from Foster and directed Jackson to detail two from the left.

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 49. In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., June 14,

1864.

Colonel Haines, One hundred and thirty-second Ohio Volunteers, will report for duty with his regiment to Brigadier General A. H. Terry.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Gillmore:

ISRAEL R. SEALY,

Captain, Forty-seventh New York Vols., Actq. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LINE OF DEFENSES,No. 1. Near Ware Bottom Church, Va., June 14,

1864.

I. Brigadier General R. S. Foster, having reported at these headquarters for duty, is assigned to the temporary command of the First Division, Tenth Army Corps.

II. That portion of the line of defenses assigned to the First Division, Tenth Army Corps, will be manned immediately, the troops remaining in the works until sunrise to-morrow, at which time, if all continues quiet, they will return to their camps.

III. The batteries named below, viz, Battery C, Third Rhode Island Artillery; Battery D, First U. S. Artillery; Battery D, Fourth U. S. Artillery; Seventh New York Battery, will at once proceed to Point of Rocks and report to Major General William F. Smith, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps.

IV. Colonel J. R. Hawley, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, will detail for fatigue duty from the One hundred and thirty-second Ohio Volunteers 500 men, 200 to report at Battery No. 2,300 to report at Battery No. 4, to the engineer officers in charge, at 8 a.m. to-morrow, June 15, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

