HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 25, 1864-10.20 a.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Corps:

Your dispatch of 9.50 a.m. is received. The commanding general will determine upon the manner of meeting the advance of the enemy as soon as the character of it is fully developed. Should they show an evident intention of attacking our troops in the trenches the commanding general may await their attack in front while disposing the reserve for taking them in flank. Should it appear to be only a demonstration or an attempt at a wide outflank, it may be found better to advance from the trenches on the left and attack with your corps and the reserve, and bring up such other available troops as can be got for reserve. The commanding general desires you to hold this in view while waiting for further developments.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL WRIGHT, June 25, 1864-10.50 a.m.

Major J. C. DUANE,Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: By the statement made me by General Wright, I am not convinced that the enemy is threatening our left. Intelligence of a movement on our left comes to General Wright from two sources-the one reports a column of the enemy half a mile in length moving along and on the side of the Weldon railroad and near the point where our infantry commenced tearing up the track a few days ago; the other reports the flankers of a supposed moving column at the same point. Considering the two together I concluded that the enemy has probably pushed down to the railroad a heavy line of skirmishers merely to watch our movements in that direction. General Wright's picket-line is virtually in the same position as yesterday [extending around by Aiken's and Doctor Gurley's to Jerusalem road], and two miles and a half in advance of his intrenched line. He has heard nothing of the enemy's picket-line in his front. The whole of the Sixth Corps line is intrenched.

Very respectfully,

G. L. GILLESPIE,

First Lieutenant of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 25, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

The corps officer of the day reports that the enemy has a skirmish line about 200 yards on this side of the railroad, running through the peach orchard and on this side of a lot of old buildings. From what he learns he thinks the enemy to be moving to our left, but they appear to be cavalry from the dust and rapidity with which they move. I have sent two officers to Colonel Bryan and am expecting momentarily the return of one of them.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

