HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 25, 1864-8.40 p.m.

General POTTER,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that both General Ledlie and General Willcox's divisions will be withdrawn at once to relieve General Mott, and probably one battery will also be withdrawn; and he desires that you make the best arrangements possible for the protection of your line.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. LARNED,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., June 25, 1864-1 a.m. [Received 2.35 a.m.]

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Can you send 1,000 or 1,500 infantry to Douthat's Wharf before daylight? Sheridan has been attacked this evening, and with great difficulty and with heavy loss of men has saved his train so far. He expects another attack at daylight, and would be much assisted if some infantry could reach him in time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JUNE 25, 1864-2,55 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Have ordered two regiments from my line to march to wharf at Point of Rocks. Have ordered up transportation to take them to Douthat's Wharf. Will you send down and get ready a boat or boats at City Point in case mine have not steam up or are unready. Cannot Sheridan fall back to Wilson's Wharf, about four miles? He will there have the cover of our works and 1,500 men to assist him. There are also two gun-boats there to aid him. A boat from City Point can reach Wilson's Wharf in an hour and fifteen minutes.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

Your telegram reached me at 2,35 a.m.

JUNE 25, 1864-3.15 a.m.

Will General Grant please tell me exactly where Sheridan is, that I may be able to give directions to the officer in charge of my men.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, June 25, 1864.

General BUTLER:

Charles City Court-House is the place where our troops are, and where the enemy is confronting them. The wagons and one division of cavalry have come through to Wilcox's Wharf, but have been moving during the night to Charles City Court-House.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

