
ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, June 14, 1864.

In pursuance of order the undersigned hereby assumes temporary command of the troops consisting of the First Division, Tenth Army Corps. Captain P. A. Davis, U. S. Volunteers, is announced as assistant adjutant-general. First Lieutenant J. M. Barnard, Company G, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, is detailed as aide-de-camp on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. All orders issued by Brigadier-General Terry will be in full force until revoked. All official communications for the action of the brigadier-general commanding will be addressed to Captain P. A. Davis, assistant adjutant-general, and all others to the heads of the respective staff departments of the division.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Point of Rocks, Va., June 14, 1864-11.50 [p.m.].

Colonel F. B. POND,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: I have, by instructions from the brigadier-general commanding, ordered the One hundred and thirtieth Ohio National Guard to report to you at once. Brigadier-General Kautz is moving his command to-night, and you will place the One hundred and thirtieth on the right of your line and endeavor to connect with the troops on your right. Three regiments of Ohio National Guard have been sent from General Terry's line to fill the space occupied by General Kautz's cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., June 14, 1864-10.45 p.m. [Received 11.45 p.m.]

Colonel H. M. PLAISTED,Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: By direction of the brigadier-general commanding you will order the commanding officer of the One hundred and forty-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers to report immediately with his command to Colonel J. C. Abbott, Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, to the left of Colonel Hawley's brigade and near Battery No. 6.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. A. SAWYER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp to General Terry

[temporarily assigned to General Foster].

JUNE 14, 1864.

General TURNER:

Can you extend your right into the gap caused by the withdrawal of Kautz's people? Foster, who is assigned to the command of my division,

