
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., June 25, 1864.
Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to say that our signal officers have reported nothing of importance of the enemy to-day, but that this evening two rockets were sent up by them in front of General Martindale's line. He wishes you to keep a sharp lookout, and to have the guns double shotted with canister, ready for emergency. The order requiring one rank of men in the front line to be awake all night to be enforce.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. KELLEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., June 25, 1864.

Colonel CURTIS,Commanding First Brigade:

Colonel CURTIS,

Commanding First Brigade:

You will prepare your brigade to assault the enemy's position at the point contemplated last night. Form your brigade into two lines in the woods in front of our lines. Let the right of the lines rest as near the edge of the woods as possible without drawing the fire of the enemy, and charge your officers and men to move to the right as they move forward. This is important, otherwise they will become entangled in the low ravine to the left. The assault will be made precisely at 7.30 p.m. Get your brigade into the woods in time to be ready to move forward at the word at this hour. The artillery will open about fifteen minutes before the assault, the signal for which will be a shell fired from 8-inch mortar. Colonel Bell will support you. I will be at the line by 6.30.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., June 25, 1864.

Colonel S. A. DUNCAN,Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will relieve the regiments of your command now on General Stannard's front with fresh regiments to night, seeing that they are first provided with three days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition upon their persons.

By command of Brigadier General E. W. Hinks:

SOLON A. CARTER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, June 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARR,

Yorktown:

Your telegram of 24th instant received. Let the next senior officer take command.

By command of Brigadier-General Shepley.

G. H. JOHNSTON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

