
Captain G. H. JOHNSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Norfolk:

By order of General Smith, on the 23rd day of April, I was ordered to assume command of the U. S.forces, headquarters Yorktown. May 11, by order of General Butler, my command was defined to consist of that part of the department on a line from Gloucester Point to Jamestown Island. May 14 General Carr came to Yorktown, relieved me, and ordered me to assume command at Williamsburg. An order relieving General Carr from duty in this command has been received. Being the senior officer shall I assume command of Yorktown and Williamsburg?

WM. H. P. STEERE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., June 26, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

All is quiet and our men resting. Sheridan is crossing the river near Fort Powhatan, unmolested by the enemy. Gregg's loss was much less than I was led to suppose by the verbal report first received. General Sheridan says he thinks 225 killed, wounded, and missing will cover it, whilst he thinks the enemy's killed and wounded is much greater. This is Gregg's loss between the Chickahominy and James Rivers, not counting losses in previous engagements. Nothing heard from Wilson since he left Burkeville. If it is possible I wish paymasters could be sent here to pay the troops. The officers particularly are suffering.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, June 26, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: You will please order Colonel Burton, of the artillery, to report at once to Major General W. F. Smith, to take charge of the artillery on his line temporarily. General Smith has no officer available for that duty without detaching a brigade commander.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Operator will please send a copy of the above to above to General Smith.

PARKER.

CITY POINT, June 26, 1864. [Received 9 a.m.]

Major-General MEADE:

Is there any news from the front for yesterday and last night? I am obliged in the absence of Mr. Dana to send one or two dispatches each day to Washington, and want to give the actual state of affairs as nearly as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

