HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 26, 1864-9 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

No report was made yesterday, as all was quiet along the lines, except occasional exchange of shots at those portions of the lines most advanced. About 10 a.m. reports were received of a movement of the enemy down the Weldon railroad. Measures were immediately taken to assume either the offensive or defensive should the enemy develop any force. The cavalry were thrown well out to the left, and the pickets of the Sixth and Second Corps advanced up to the enemy. Toward afternoon I became satisfied the movement of the enemy was simply a covering force to a working party to repair the damages done to the road. The cavalry went as far as Reams' Station, finding there a small force of local cavalry engaged in trying to repair the road. They were easily driven off. The distance of the road from our lines, the extreme heat of the weather, and my desire to give the men some rest operated to prevent my sending a force to interrupt the enemy, as it would have been without practical result, unless I had maintained my position on the road. I can easily secure possession of the road so soon as I can get force enough to maintain myself there, which will be done if any extension of the force now on the lines from the Gregory to the Page house can be effected. I understood you would inquire into the amount of General Smith's force and ascertain if he could securely hold more than he does now. Last night, at 10 o'clock, a noisy attack was made on Burnside's front on a working party engaged in strengthening his skirmish line. There were but few casualties on our side, and no part of our line was disturbed. General Burnside having expressed the opinion he could successfully advance against the enemy by opening trenches I have the necessary ordnance and materials from the siege train. I have no report from General Sheridan but such as you received when last here, and, as you sent him orders direct, I presume his movements and progress are known to you.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, City Point, Va., June 26, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

After Gregg's loss General Sheridan sent an officer to me with a verbal statement of his situation. I immediately sent the garrison from here to his relief, and also all the men that could be well spared from Bermuda Hundred, and wrote him a note telling him what to do in case of another attack. It was then after 1 o'clock at night, and you and your troops being distant I did not think it worth while to bother you, particularly as all that could be done for the relief of Sheridan had to be done from here or Bermuda. Sheridan is now safe in as comfortable a place as he can be for recruiting his men and horses. You can send him such orders as you deem best. I think he should be got up leisurely to your left, where he can rest and at the same time add strength to your position. Whilst this excessively hot and dry weather lasts we will give the men all the rest we can. I have ordered out all the guns and other articles called for by General Hunt.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

