
hour, and life in the trenches and rifle-pits at this season will rapidly increase necessity for hospital treatment and accommodation. Please acknowledge receipt.

THOS. A. McPARLIN,

Medical Director.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, June 26, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The stations of observation discovered little that is new to-day. A battery passed into Petersburg on or near plank road about noon; also three or four ambulances. No firing during the day in our immediate front. No wagons passed along the road near the Weldon railroad and but a few horsemen. Several trains of cars passed each way on the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION, June 26, 1864-9 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

No change in our front this a.m. except that the pickets have ceased firing by agreement. From a close examination of the enemy's line I discover no break in it in the whole length visible from station. Puffs or volumes of smoke rising at intervals near the "smoke stack" a seen in woods two miles west of station seen to come from locomotives on Petersburg and Weldon Railroad.

J. B. DUFF,

Second-Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Signal Station in Tree, June 26, 1864.

Captain FISHER,Chief Signal Officer:

Nothing has been observed from my station this day. This station has now been occupied by me two days, and for what object, except to gaze in the direction of the supposed enemy, I am unable to conceive. From the station there is in view in front no road, no open country save a small area near station, and no point held by in view. As a consequence faithful watching is followed by poor results and subject-matter for evening reports is wanting. The station is indeed as great a mystery as its working is useless.

I. S. LYON,

Signal Officer.

a Refers to the chimneys of the lead-works below Petersburg on the line of the Weldon railroad.

28 R R-VOL XL, PT II

