
JUNE 26, 1864-5 p.m.

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

I have seen two railroad trains pass toward Petersburg of ten and eight cars. The first had an open car and two passenger-cars loaded with passengers or troops. Two trains of about same number passed toward Richmond. One of them appeared empty. Twenty-six wagons seen passing toward our left on road southwest of city.

FEAREY,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps.

WALTHALL'S HOUSE, June 26, 1864-6 p.m.

Captain FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

From rebel signal station on west side river below Petersburg, 9 a.m.:

No movement of troops this a.m.

B.

Station in custom-house has not shown a flag to-day. We are now having a lively artillery duel. Nothing else to report to-day.

FULLER,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION, June 26, 1864-8 p.m.

Captain FISHER:

No wagons were sent moving on road two miles west from station during the day. At 11 a.m. noticed a column of horses, as if of a battery, passing into Petersburg on plank road, at a point about one mile and a half northwest from station. Three or four ambulances passed into the city at same point. No firing during the day.

J. B. DUFF,

Second Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

P. S.-One or two horsemen passed along the road near Weldon and Petersburg Railroad. No footmen passed.

COMPANY C, FIFTEENTH NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS, In Camp on Jones' Neck, James River, Va., June 26, 1864.

Captain CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Engineer Brigade:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from headquarters Engineer Brigade, I embarked my command [from City Point] on a raft of thirty-six pontoon-boats on the morning of Monday, June 20 instant, at 6 a.m. There being a heavy fog on the river at that time it was impossible to move or find the tugs sent to tow us to Bermuda Hundred, and when found they were fast aground [one of them being aground from 4.30 a.m.]. After the fog had cleared off a tug-boat used by the engineer department at Bermuda Hundred came to

