
our assistance and we arrived at our destination at 8.20 a.m. I then reported to Captain Lyon, assistant engineer, and under his direction my command, assisted by about sixty colored troops, commenced to unload the boats. The unloading of the boats and loading them up again on trucks occupied until 4.30 p.m. This was accomplished with some difficulty as we had only eleven regular pontoon trucks; ten others were made for boats differently constructed from our own, and the remainder were army wagons, out of which we had to manufacture trucks. The labor, however, was successfully accomplished, as previously stated, at 4.30 p.m., and we arrived at a point on the James River, called Jones' Landing, at 8 p.m., and at that place the boats were launched and 1,400 infantry ferried down the river about two miles and a half to Deep Bottom, and landed safely on the opposite bank. The wagons with chess, balks, &amp;c., moved down the river-bank to a point [on Jones' Neck] directly opposite to where the troops were landed, and here the boats were also collected, and at 1 a.m. I commenced to built the bridge. It was my desire and intention to build it by simultaneous rafts, but owing to the bank of the river being very muddy I was compelled to lay the bridge by successive pontoons. It was completed at 4 a.m. on the 21st instant, and consists of twenty-seven pontoons and twenty-nine bays. Since that time I have placed a draw [140 feet in width] in the bridge for the more expeditions passage of gun-boats and other vessels passing up and down the river. The bridge is now in good order, and my command in a most efficient and healthy condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TIMOTHY LUBEY,

Captain,15th New York Vol. Engs., Commanding Pontoon Bridge Train.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 169. June 26, 1861.

*			*			*			*			*

V. In compliance with instructions received from headquarters Army of the United States, Colonel H. S. Burton, Fifth Artillery, will report at once to Major General W. F. Smith, commanding Eighteenth Corps, to take temporary charge of the artillery of the line of that corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 26, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

My officer of the day reports all guiet. The enemy have pitched tents and their supply trains are issuing rations with all the appearance of a camp in permanence. I find that my pickets had consented to a cessation of firing and that it had stopped along my lines. I have ordered officers permitting this under arrest and ordered sharpshooters deployed along my front and enemy driven back after notice.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

