HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 26, 1864-10.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

My picket-line is within 800 yards of the enemy's breast-works and in plain sight across a field. The Sixth Corps line is thrown back to the left and does not envelop the enemy. My pickets are close to those of enemy. The camp is in rear of the first works. The report yesterday was from a prisoner. I found the enemy's line by advancing my pickets. It seems to run to the Weldon railroad.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 26, 1864-10.40 a.m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

Dispatch of 10.15 received. Where is the enemy's line you speak of? In front of your pickets? If so, what part? Do you mean to say the enemy are encamped outside of their works? The last dispatch I had from you yesterday reported the enemy leaving your front and that you had sent scouts to ascertain about it. Please report from time to time all that transpires.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 26, 1864.

The major-general commanding suggests the propriety of having the front well protected by slashed timber and abatis. Where there are no woods near in front the abatis should be prepared in rear and put out at night.

By command of Major-General Birney:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., June 26, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Hancock has directed me to say that he desires to have copies of all orders and communications received by you from him on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 15th and 16th instant, in reference to movements of your command to the front toward Petersburg; also the orders in relation to the proposed issue of rations on the 15th, and the incidents of the march from James River toward Petersburg. You will please state the hour at which you received marching orders on the 15th; the hour at which the movement of your command commenced; the time of your arrival in front of Petersburg; the causes of delay, if any existed; with an account of the operations of your division on the night of the 15th and morning of the 16th. If any orders received from Major-General Hancock on the night of the 15th or morning of the 16th were not executed you will please state

