
the reason therefor. General Hancock further desires you to state whether you reported the arrival of your command in the field in front of Petersburg on the evening of the 15th day to any general officer, and, if so, the result of such report, the hour at which your troops were placed in position in the works in front of Petersburg, and the troops relieved by you will also be given.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[Same to Generals Gibbon and Barlow, excepting the latter portion beginning-"General Hancock further desires."]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, June 26, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: In answer to your note just received I have the honor to state that upon careful search among my papers I can find only the two orders of the 15th and 16th of June which are hereafter given. Until lately I have not been in the habit of keeping orders received longer than the period to which they relate. I do not remember whether the orders for issue of rations on the morning of June 15 were left with me or whether they were communicated verbally by a staff officer or by a circular which was shown me, but not retained. The same may be said of many other orders received by me on the 15th and 16th of June. My recollection is as follows: My division did not get wholly over the river until daylight on the 15th. At an early hour I received orders to send to the wharf to draw rations [I think one days'] which would arrive there. I sent a detail, but the rations had not arrived up to the time the division marched. I do not remember at what hour I received the following order:

[CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864.

The following movements are ordered for to-day: At 10 a.m., or as soon thereafter as rations have been issued to his command, Major-General Birney will move, with his division, accompanied by such of his ammunition wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., as may have been ferried over the river, on the direct road to Petersburg, taking post near where the City Point railroad crosses Harrison's Creek. The Second and First Divisions will follow in the order named, with such part of their transportation as may be across the river, taking position to the right as they come up, extending toward the mouth of Harrison's Creek, where we have a work. Two batteries of those now on the south side will accompany each division. The battalions Fourth New York Heavy Artillery will remain until the transportation of the corps has crossed, and will escort it to the corps to-night.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Subsequent to this the following order was received. I do not remember the hour of its receipt:

CIRCULAR.]			HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, June 15, 1864- 8.30 a.m.

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the command will move as soon as rations are issued.

Your obedient servant,

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

