
feel the enemy, with a view of obtaining a good position as near as possible to him, and of determining, if possible, how far his right extended. In course of the morning I swung around nearly parallel with the enemy's works. I did not note the hour at which my division got into the position it finally occupied. Engaged as it was in feeling the enemy's works, and ascertaining how far to our left they extended, the troops were moved about a good deal from place to place during the morning. I should think I had taken up a final position by 10 a.m. We were massed in the rear of General Birney's left as early as 5 a.m. of the 16th, and ready to go into any designated position. If any position had been indicated to me as I approached the lines I could have been there by 11.30 p.m. of the previous evening. The orders for us to prolong Birney's left were not given so early as 5 a.m. of the 16th. I seem to have given all the information desired as nearly as I can remember. I have no recollection of hours very clearly, except the time of commencing the march on the morning of the 15th and the time of reaching Old Court-House. The troops were pushed on as rapidly as possible, making only one short halt from the time we turned off at the possible, making only one short halt from time we turned off at the blacksmith's shop, until we reached the neighborhood of Smith's lines before Petersburg, except that there was a few minutes delay in changing our road at Old Court-House. I may state that even had there been a staff officer at Old Court-House to direct us and to put into position when we reached Petersburg, and had every exertion been made to hurry the division up, it could not possibly have come into position on the left of General Birney before 9.30 or 10 p.m., late for the operation of that day.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

P. S.-I respectfully request that if any blame is attributed to me for delay in the march of the 15th, that I may be informed in order that the facts may be made known.

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 27, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan for his statement.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

W. S. H.,

M. G.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 27, 1864.

The following statement is respectfully submitted: When I met Captain Bird with the dispatch from General Grant, I told him that the route of the Third and Second Divisions would be at once changed and asked him if he had noticed any road between us and Old Court-House leading toward Petersburg or to the left and was answered in the affirmative. I then asked Captain Bird to request General Barlow to take the road from Old Court-House to Petersburg to the left of the

