
the Second Brigade. The division commander will make such temporary consolidation of regiments for field purposes as in his opinion will secure the highest efficiency of the command.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Birney:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 91. June 26, 1864.

I. The following plan of consolidation for field service will be carried into effect at once: The books and papers of the regiments consolidated will be kept separately, as the organizations are not broken up, but merely consolidated for service in the field. The senior officer of the regiments consolidated will take command. In the First Brigade, the Fifteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers will be consolidated. The Forty-second, Fifty-ninth, and Eighty-second New York Volunteers will also be consolidated. In the Second Brigade, the Sixty-ninth. Seventy-second, and One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers will be consolidated. In the Third Brigade, the Tenth Battalion New York Volunteers, and One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers will be consolidated.

II. The colors of the Second Brigade will be turned over to the Fourth Brigade.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Pierce is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade.

IV. Major William F. Smith, First Delaware Volunteers, now commanding First Brigade, will report to his regiment for duty.

By command of Major-General Gibbon, commanding division:

JOHN M. NORVELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OFFICER OF THE DAY, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, June 26, 1864.

Lieutenant W. P. SHREVE,

Assistant Commissary of Musters, and

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Second Corps:

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions from division headquarters of this date, I have the honor to report that no communications or exchanges with the enemy's pickets have taken place since I took charge of the line this morning. When I visited the line I was informed by Captain William H. Green, Seventeenth Maine Volunteers, commanding picket detail from First Brigade, that an agreement had been made between him and a lieutenant of the Twenty-second North Carolina that there should be no picket-firing. When I reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Gilkyson he stated that these facts were known to him, and that he had arrested the parties exchanging papers, and given

