
strict orders against any further communications. These orders were repeated by me to the entire line. The sharpshooters have reported, and been placed in the pits at the edge of the woods.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. SCHOONOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers,

Division Officer of the Day, Third Division, Second Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 26, 1864-6.45 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

The position we hold on the plank is a most embarrassing one to remain in long on the defensive. General Griffin took the advanced ridge you directed, but it is constantly under fire, so that mere cover is all the men can put up. They cannot put in efficient obstacles. General Gibbon's line did not come near up with General Griffin's, but General Crawford advanced it so as to cover Griffin's left quite well. His left, however, is quite uncovered, the Second Corps being much retired in his rear. I consider it a very important point and not secure from assault, and I fear I have not troops to put there sufficient to make it so. We, however, will do the best we can, and I but make this report so that you may know my condition in calling upon me for re-enforcements to other places. I cannot, of course, judge so well as you of the relative importance of this point to others. I have examined it personally and given the best instructions I can.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 26, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 6.45 a.m., and to say that he is not aware of having given any orders to General Griffin except through the headquarters of the Fifth Corps, and that he simply directed a position to be assumed and intrenched, developing and enveloping the enemy's line. Now that the Second Corps is withdrawn from the plank road, and that you have exclusive control of the position in front of it, the major-general commanding considers that you are at liberty to make such changes as you may deem best within the limits designated in the preceding directions. It is understood that the Second Corps connects immediately with the Fifth Corps, although the line is not so far advanced.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 26, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I did not mean in my dispatch that orders were given direct to General Griffin, but they decided what orders I should give him; this fixed

