
CHICAGO, June 26, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have been ordered to report to Major-General Meade for assignment to duty. I see that some newspaper correspondent at Washington has assumed to say that I would probably be assigned to your corps. I know of no authority for such a statement, but need not say I should be glad to be so assigned, if agreeable to you. I shall reach the army in a few days, and if you think you can employ me advantageously, without disturbing any officer whom you wish to retain, I shall feel gratified if you will signify it to General Meade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 26, 1864-7 a.m.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The greater portion of the new line is completed and all could have been finished but for the delay in getting tools from the engineer regiment, who had sent the tool-wagon out of the way. Orders should be given to have the abatis that is to be put down prepared at once. Unless the abatis is all cut and ready to lay down by sundown it will not get down to-night, as it cannot be prepared fast enough, and the early part of the night is the best to lay it in, being the darkest. I would like to have the sand-bags all filled and ready before night. A considerable part of the covered way has to be protected by them as we have reached water. The mining work progresses well.

Yours,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Douthat's House, Va., June 26, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place with the Cavalry Corps, Brigadier-General Getty's command, and all the wagons and ambulances left at the White House. On the 22nd instant General Torbert secured the crossing at Jones' Bridge, and on the 23rd I crossed the command and wagons to the south side of the Chickahominy. Just after parking my trains the enemy made an attack on my advance on the Long Bridge road, but were driven back by Colonel Devin's brigade and six companies of colored troops. On the 24th instant resumed the march toward Haxall's via Charles City Court-House. I was obliged to divide my command, and in the evening the enemy in overwhelming force attacked Gregg's division. He was forced to fall back in the direction of Charles City Court-House, punishing the enemy at every step. Not a horse or wagon was lost in bringing over this long train of nearly 900 wagons. The cavalry we had annoying us was Hampton's and Fitz. Lee's divisions, Butler's mounted infantry, and 1,600 dismounted cavalry armed with muskets. The teams are being crossed rapidly over the James River.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

