HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, HINKS' DIVISION, June 14, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters General Terry's Division:

SIR: In accordance with orders just received from department headquarters, I have the honor to inform you that I am directed by Major-General Butler to move with my brigade across the Appomattox and report to Brigadier General E. W. Hinks.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. DUNCAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

JUNE 14, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Captain NORTON:

Sergeant Walker informs me that Captain Hill, of General Grant's staff, can see your tower, and wishes the officer in charge to look out for him at Clarke's house, two miles west of Charles City Court-House.

PARTRIDGE.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, In the Field, near Point of Rocks, Va., June 14, 1864.

The following regulations will prevail in all marches which this division may be required to perform:

I. No soldier will be permitted to leave the ranks without permission from his company commander, and no soldier on any pretext will be permitted to fall in rear of his regiment whilst on the march.

II. The officers of rear regiments and companies are directed to dismount or otherwise punish to their discretion stragglers from the companies in front of them. Each regimental commander will detail a small rear guard to take charge of stragglers and march them along dismounted, at the discretion of their regimental commanders.

III. Advantage must be taken by the men of the necessary halts, which are frequent enough, to ease themselves and procure water. When it is necessary to procure supplies of any kind in the country it will be done by a detail from the regiment, accompanied by an officer, who will comply with existing orders in regard to property taken in the enemy's country.

IV. Visiting houses on the road without proper authority will be punished. All rapid riding must be stopped by all officers without regard to where the soldier belongs. Orderlies carrying written messages may proceed at fast gaits, if authorized on the dispatches they carry.

This order will be published to every regiment and company in the command, and the attention of officers is called to the difficulty of replacing horses when once broken down, and the necessity of taking obliged to complete their term of service on foot. A horse will make fifty miles a day on a walk with less injury to himself than to ride him at a trot or a gallop for three miles equipped as the men are required to be. On the road the men should let their horses feed whenever there is an opportunity, if only a few mouthfuls at a time, of grass, grain, or anything that the horse will eat. The nose-bag, with a little forage in it, can be slipped on and off in a moment, and refreshes the horse very greatly. The back should be examined two or three times a day, and

