
CITY POINT, June 26, 1864.

General BUTLER:

I think it will be advisable to put up two or four guns of heavy caliber on your shore battery to command Howlett's battery and the reach above the obstructions. This will enable the monitors to drop down out of range of the land batteries. It is desirable that they should not lay habitually under fire, but should be where, in a few minutes, they can run up to engage the enemy's iron-clads or land batteries, if necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JUNE 26, 1864-10.40 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

In addition to the shore battery which you saw [four 20-pounder and one 30-pounder Parrotts] works are already in progress for mounting two 100-pounders, one 6-inch Sawyer, and two 10-inch mortars, which will see not only the Howlett house battery and the obstructions, but the reach above Farrar's Island and the reach above Dutch Gap, where the rebel iron-clads take shelter.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, June 26, 1864.

General BUTLER:

Lieutenant-General Grant desires me to ask where Cox's Ferry, referred to in your telegram* of to-day, is. It does not appear on our map.

C. B. COMSTOCK.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

JUNE 26, 1864-3 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel COMSTOCK,

Headquarters, City Point:

Cox's Ferry is in the bend of the river, next above Farrar's Island, as it bends to the south at the mouth of Proctor's Creek.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, June 26, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff, General Butler's Headquarters:

General Meade has found it impracticable to detach a force from his front as a garrison to relieve your troops here. The garrison from White House, which was detained at Wilcox's Landing to aid Sheridan, is expected to-morrow. As soon as it arrives the present garrison will be relieved. Will notify you of their arrival.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Brooks to Shaffer [forwarded to Grant], p.454.

---------------

