
the folding of the blanket equalated to arrest irritation, and an experienced cavalry soldier will never let his horse's back get sore. Every man should watch his horse closely and try to help him in everything. The cavalryman can walk many miles in a day with benefit to himself and great relief to his horse. Each soldier should make his horse last him at least his full term of service.

By command of Brigadier-General Kautz:

M. J. ASCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS KAUTZ'S DIVISION, Near Point of Rocks, Va., June 14, 1864.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR,Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding the division directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at a moment's notice. Three days' cooked rations will be prepared, sixty rounds of ammunition to each man, and as much forage as can be conveniently carried.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. J. ASCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Same to Colonel Mix, commanding First Brigade, and Lieutenant-Colonel Patton, commanding First New York Mounted Rifles.]

WHITE HOUSE, VA., June 14, 1864. [Received 9.10 p.m.]	 													 	Brigadier General D. H. RUCKER,

Chief Quartermaster, Washington:

The troops of the Eighteenth Army Corps have all embarked. Transportation is in readiness for the last of the militia to be transported from this place to James River. Most of the supplies for the Army of the Potomac, which we had at this place not issued, have started for James River. Fifty thousand rations of subsistence and 40,000 rations of forage are to be left here for the present by order. Five hundred unserviceable animals and three batteries of artillery and several barges loaded with condemned property, surplus baggage, &amp;c., will be sent to Washington. Captain Blood, assistant quartermaster, will be left here in charge of property from this depot. I start with most of my employes immediately for Charles City Landing, where supplies for the Army of the Potomac are to be sent. Please cause a good supply of forage, hay, and grain to be sent at once to that place.

P. P. PITKIN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

FLAG-SHIP AGAWAM,

Farrar's Island, June 14, 1864-10 p.m. [Received 2.35 a.m. 15th.]

Hon. GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

Deserters from rebel iron-clads confirm previous information. Rebel tug from bend above fired a shot or two in this direction this afternoon.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

