
burg papers of the 25th state that Hunter is striking for Jackson River Depot, about forty miles north of Salem, and say that if he reaches Covington, which they suppose he will do with most of his forces, but with loss of material, he will be safe. The same paper accuses Hunter of destroying a great amount of private property and stealing a large number of wagons, horses, and cattle. The same paper also states that Wilson destroyed a train of cars loaded with cotton and furniture, burned the depot buildings, &amp;c., at Burkeville, and destroyed some of the track and was still pushing south. All the railroads leading into Richmond are now destroyed and some of them badly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 27, 1864-7 a. m. (Sent 8.35 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Nothing important occurred yesterday on the line of this army. A working party of the Ninth Corps were annoyed during the night by frequent discharges of artillery and infantry. No casualties reported. Colonel Burton, who was employed in placing mortar and siege batteries for General Burnside, has been transferred to the Eighteenth Corps, to the great inconvenience of General Burnside and his operations. A heavy column of cavalry was seen this morning moving along the Weldon railroad, undoubtedly with a view to meet Sheridan's force, or perhaps to attempt to annoy our rear. To secure the rear of this army and prevent annoyance from cavalry raids the enemy's cavalry must either be occupied or a force must be stationed on our left and rear.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, City Point, Va., June 27, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The enemy's cavalry, or a least rebel troops supposed to be the cavalry that engaged Sheridan, were seen to cross the James River yesterday. It is highly probable that this cavalry will take position to try to prevent operations by us on the Weldon road. You can give Sheridan such directions as you deem best under the circumstances.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 27, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch of 9.30 a. m. received. I have already notified you the enemy's cavalry have been seen passing to our left and rear by the Weldon railroad. I have no doubt their object is to interpose between Wilson and Sheridan, to attack either as opportunity offers, and in the meantime to make a dash into our rear if practicable. Orders were yesterday sent to Sheridan after crossing the river to move up the Jerusalem plank road and take post on the left of the army. These orders will be renewed to-day, and he will be notified of the existing condition of

