
affairs and the position of this army. The following disposition of troops have been made to meet any cavalry attack until the arrival of Sheridan; The Sixth Corps will hold the Jerusalem plank road. General Gibbon's division will be sent to the Norfolk pike to its crossing of the Blackwater. General Ferrero will be sent to Prince George Court-House, and Colonel Gould, in command of dismounted cavalry, is at Old Court-House. Each of these commanders will be directed to watch the roads between their relative positions and co-operate with each other. The withdrawal of two divisions will render it necessary to hasten Sheridan's movements.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, City Point, Va., June 27, 1864-6 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

Have you had any information through rebel sources of the where-abouts of Wilson since he reached Burkeville? I will send you by a staff officer this evening or in the morning what I propose to do as soon as the troops are in condition for more active service. To what extent did the cavalry succeed in destroying the Weldon road the other day? If Wilson finds his return cut off he will be apt to go out be New Berne, or if it is found that Hampton's cavalry has gone south Sheridan will have to be put on his track.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, June 27, 1864.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington:

The number of animals for the month of July to be foraged on James River may be reckoned at 60,000. There can be no possible advantage in unloading at Fortress Monroe. Forage can be held in vessels there under certain conditions, but I desire that you will order the July supply as rapidly as you see fit to Captain Pitkin at this depot. It will be received and discharged without delay. Inform me what may be expected.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, VA., June 27, 1864-7.30 p.m.

(Received 12.20 a. m. 28th.)

General M. C. MEIGS,

QQuartermaster-General:

I shall be able to place only two or three vessels at the disposal of the medical department here capable of going to sea. I will, however, assist all in the power of our department. General Grant thinks it important that the ocean steamers heretofore ordered shall go to New

