
agents. Officers will be held strictly accountable for all property taken by them or by their authority, and it must be returned for the same as any other public property.

V. Where foraging parties are sent out for provisions or other stores the commanding officer of such party will be held accountable for the conduct of his command, and will make a true report of all property taken.

VI. No officer or soldier will, without authority, leave his colors on ranks to take private property, or to enter a private house for that purpose. All such acts are punishable with death, and an officer who permits them is equally as guilty as the actual pillager.

VII. Commanding officers of armies and corps will be held responsible for the execution of these orders in their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Halleck, General-in-Chief of the Army:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 27, 1864-10.15 a. m.

The following disposition of troops will be made immediately:

1. Major-General Gibbon will move to the old Norfolk, or Baxter, road near the crossing of the Blackwater, and dispose his troops so as to cover the approaches from the enemy's cavalry, between the Jerusalem road and Prince George Court-House.

2. Brigadier-General Ferrero will take post at Prince George Court-House, and cover the approaches from the enemy's cavalry between the crossing of the Blackwater in that direction and Old Court-House.

3. The dismounted cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Gould, will hold the crossing of Bailey's Creek, near the Old Court-House.

4. The troops of Gibbon and Ferrero will be prepared to return to their present positions at any moment.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 27, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac, Va.:

GENERAL: I now report for duty and will resume command of the Second Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 27, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Major-General Hancock has resumed the command of the Second Corps.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Warren and Wright.)

