
CITY POINT, VA., June 28, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Has any order been made ordering General L. C. Hunt to report to General Dix and General De Trobriand to the field? General H. M. Judah, who has been so often off duty since the beginning of the war, now applies for orders. I think he should be ordered before the Retiring Board.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 28, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Orders respecting Generals Hunt and De Trobriand were issued on the 24th. I have heard nothing of A. J. Smith since he landed, and presume that he is in the interior. General Foster was, at last accounts, intending to make an expedition, but the navy was not ready to co-operate. Perhaps he has started by this time, but there can be no foundation for the panic at Augusta.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, City Point, June 28, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,Washington, D. C.:

The last Southern papers (Petersburg, the 27th) give favorable news from Wilson. At latest accounts he seemed to have destroyed three locomotives and a corresponding number of cars; one train loaded with cotton and furniture, the others with provisions, &amp;c. Having mailed the paper to you I give no further particulars. All is quiet here now and men resting, but it will not be long before I will have news for you. I wish you would put General Hunter in a good place to rest, and as soon as possible start him for Charlottesville to destroy the road there effectually. If he could get on the canal also it would be a great help.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., June 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

GENERAL: I am informed that the delay in paying the Army of the Potomac has resulted from the failure of the Treasury Department to furnish the money. Not only are the requisitions for May and June unfilled, but some $18,000,000 for April is behind. The Paymaster-General has made a special requisition of $2,000,000 to pay officers in the Army of the Potomac, who require it for their current expenses, and

