
well traveled way. My own scout this morning met the enemy's picket at Billy Smith's house, on this (City Point) road, but Lieutenant Herrick was there about two hours after and found nothing there.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. W. CROWNINSHIELD,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 28, 1864-8.40 p. m.

I. A space of at least thirty yards will be kept between the rifle-pits and the troops; in this place the line of stacks of muskets will be formed. Wherever it is necessary that the troops should be moved to accomplish this it will be done before 7 o'clock to-morrow morning.

II. To-morrow morning the corps will be drawn up in line in the space between the rifle-pits and the troops for the inspection of the general commanding the corps. The First Division will be ready at 7 o'clock, the Third Division at 7.30 o'clock, and the Second Division at 8 o'clock. Division and brigade commanders will be upon the right of their command, and join the general commanding when he reaches their position. Every man reported for duty, except the picket details, will be paraded.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, June 28, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Did you want any artillery, except Benjamin's battery, ordered you from Washington?

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Commanding Armies of the United States:

In addition to Benjamin's battery I should like Gittings' battery, of the Third Artillery, and Allen's and Buckley's (Rhode Island) batteries, unless by so doing it would bring up too much field artillery. These have all been sent to Washington. If we are to continue our operations here guns of heavier caliber will also be required, but these have been promised by General Hunt.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 28, 1864.

(Received 10.55 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

It was unusually quiet along our front during the night. The enemy opened upon us as with a mortar battery early this morning. Shells have dropped in our line, but as yet without damage. The mining operations are progressing well-140 feet of gallery has been made.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

