
CITY POINT, VA., June 15, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Judging from indications the lieutenant-general is of the opinion that the enemy are crossing from the north to the south side of the James. He therefore wishes you to cross another corps as rapidly as possible and send it forward to its position. A night march may be necessary to enable them to reach their position.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 15, 1864-4.45 p.m.

General GRANT:

The following received from General Wilson:

Colonel Chapman, at 9.45, from Haxall's, reports the enemy occupy Malvern Hill with cavalry in force. Prisoner from Pickett's division who was taken at his house says he left his division, this a.m. on its way to Drewry's Bluff, and that all the infantry was moving that way.

The main train is now crossing bridge. Before its arrival opened bridge for an hour or so, not requiring it, and passed through the rear of Smith's command and our depot fleet. I propose to make our depot at City Point.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 15, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, an order, just issued, for the movement of this army. At the present moment the Ninth Corps, artillery, and trains have crossed the river, and will move promptly to the front. I expect by 12 m. to-morrow the whole of the Fifth Corps will be across and in motion for the front. It will probably take till daylight of the 17th before the whole supply train will have crossed, and, during that day and night, the cavalry and Sixth Corps should be over and the bridge taken up. Every effort will be made to push the troops to the front. I send a dispatch just received from General Wilson.* It confirms my view that the enemy took first a position from White Oak Swamp to Malvern Hill, and, on discerning our movement, probably Hancock's crossing, at once commenced moving to the south side. They undoubtedly have a bridge above Drewry's Bluff, which, with their railroads, will give them an advantage. I will hurry up the troops all I can consistently with securing our long train, which I do not like to have outside of our intrenched line.

I shall leave here about 9 or 10 to-morrow, and will proceed at once to the vicinity of Burnside's position.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Burnside will move all night.

---------------

*Probably Wilson to Humphreys, 7.45 p.m.,p.71.

---------------

4 R R-VOL XL, PT II

