
colored men, as well as the success of our armies, by assuming that the negro is a soldier ready made, rather than that he will make a soldier by patient, persistent, and intelligent drill and instruction.

The officers of all the regiments of this division are intelligent, and will no doubt prove efficient with instruction and experience, though those of the dismounted cavalry regiments labor under the disadvantage of being transferred to a branch of the service with which they are entirely unacquainted, and many of them would prefer to leave the service to remaining in an arm for which they feel themselves so entirely unfitted by instruction and experience.

I would, therefore, suggest that such of the officers of the cavalry regiments as desire to resign, be permitted to do so, and that opportunity be given the remainder to acquire a proper knowledge of the arm they are now required to serve with.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, In the Field, June 28, 1864.

General SHEPLEY,Commanding, Norfolk, Va.:

Send to these headquarters the following batteries: Simpson's (First Pennsylvania) and Riggs' (H, Third New York), now stationed near Portsmouth.

By command of Major-General Butler:

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

YORKTOWN, June 28, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER:

There are two 100 and two 20 pounder Parrotts and four 9-inch mortars, with their ammunition, at this place. Does the general wish all of them sent up? Please answer immediately. Send me the name of the ordnance officer at your headquarters.

JOS. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, June 29, 1864.

(Received 6.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I have just been examining our front around Petersburg in person, and find that more field artillery can be used advantageously. Please send Taft's battery, 20-pounder Parrotts, and four or six other batteries if they can be spared. This is in addition to the two batteries heretofore ordered.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General.

