HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1864-10.40 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac, at General Burnside's Hdqrs.:

Captain Whitaker, of General Wilson's staff, reached here some fifteen or twenty minutes ago. He represents the destruction of the Petersburg and Lynchburg and Richmond and Danville Railroads to have been extensive and thorough. General Wilson went as far as the crossing of Staunton River. He then moved to return, crossed Meherrin River at Sandford's [Saffold's] Bridge, eluding the enemy, who were at crossings above him. He found the enemy strongly posted at the crossing of Stony Creek last night. This crossing is near the Weldon railroad, twenty miles from Petersburg. Wilson's division remained there while Kautz was sent about 10 o'clock last night with the trains toward Dinwiddie Court-House, to reach Reams' Station by a circuit to the left. General Wilson was to follow before daylight. Captain Whitaker accompanied Kautz, who reached Reams' Station between 7 and 8 o'clock this morning. He found the enemy there in position and in force-cavalry. The cavalry they first met was composed of the three brigades of Chambliss, Barringer, and Dearing, commanded by W. H. F. Lee. The people of the country near Stony Creek said that the cavalry had been moving from Petersburg to Stony Creek for the last two days. Captain Whitaker thinks that Wilson succeeded in following the trains, and that his whole force is in the vicinity of Reams' Station, and that the whole force of the enemy's cavalry have probably concentrated there. Will you send an infantry force there?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1864.

(Sent 11.30 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac, at General Burnside's Hdqrs.:

I should have added in my dispatch that Captain Whitaker informs me that seeing an opening in the dust of the enemy's columns moving along a road near Reams' Station he forced his way through it, losing half his escort, forty in number.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS, June 29, 1864-11.10 a. m.

(Received 11.45 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Dispatch about Wilson received. Gibbon had better be at once ordered to Reams' Station to support Wilson, and Wright directed to hold his whole corps ready to move in that direction; also send this information as soon as possible to Sheridan, and direct him to move on Reams' Station, sending his trains to City Point. Direct Bryan to throw out a force toward Reams' Station in connection with Gibbon's movement, to communicate with Wilson and with our headquarters. If

