HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 29, 1864-8 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Our men on the left crossed the railroad yesterday morning at Ennis' house, on the left of the Sixth Corps. They then went up on a line parallel with the railroad to Blick's plantation, where there is a large brick house, and where the road forks to go to Dinwiddie Court-House. The enemy there have a work thrown across the Vaughan road, Halifax road, and the railroad, and they were yesterday engaged in strengthening the railroad embankment. The scouts learned that the troops occupying this work were Martin's brigade, of Hoke's division, and that this was the extreme right of the enemy's line. Citizens all said that below that there was nothing but cavalry. On this plantation, which is a very large one, they came upon a party of four negroes who belonged to officers of the Seventeenth North Carolina. They were provided with passes and were on their way home. They stated that all the negroes who could possibly be spared were being sent from the army to their homes, and only such as were indispensably necessary were kept; that it was understood the want of provisions had led to the step. One of them said that he had heard General Martin and their colonel in conversation state that if the Yankees kept the roads cut for ten days longer "they (the enemy) would have to dig out." On their way back our men went near Colonel Wyatt's place and learned that the cavalry there was Jenkins' cavalry. They were so told by an old man, but being then watched and followed, they were obliged to return without getting this with more exactness, or without being able to tell how strong the cavalry was. They do not think that its strength was great.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, June 29, 1864.

[Major-General HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: There are two men captured by a sergeant of cavalry, who was one of a party sent in by General Wilson. He took the prisoners at about 9 o'clock this morning, while his company was making a reconnaissance, having left General Wilson fighting, it was supposed, a brigade of infantry. These men were taken about a mile westerly of the railroad track, and about two miles and a half from Reams' Station toward Petersburg. They are from Finegan's (Florida) brigade, and state that their brigade started at 8 o'clock last evening from near Petersburg, to go as they understood to Reams' Station. One of them said that he heard it was to cut off some cavalry. They say that two brigades of infantry, Wilcox's old (Alabama) brigade and their own, and 800 cavalry went. The sergeant who captured the prisoners states that on his way in with the men he saw what they represented to be their command lying some two miles this side of where Wilcox's brigade was engaging General Wilson. I have retained the sergeant in case you wish to see him.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

