HEADQUARTERS, City Point, June 29, 1864-7.40 p. m.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM,Commanding Engineer Brigade:

GENERAL: Send to General W. F. Smith twenty pontoons, eight trestles, with bridging. The person in charge of the train should be instructed to keep it out of view of the enemy on the other shore.

By order of General Grant:

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer Armies in the Field.

General Smith's headquarters are at Jordan's house, on the right of our lines, before Petersburg. The road is the usual City Point and Petersburg road, traveled by the army trains. General Smith only requires the material, not pontoniers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 26. June 29, 1864.

The following order is published for general information:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 44. City Point, Va., June 28, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. Owing to the inability of many officers of the armies operating from the James River to purchase subsistence stores, it is ordered: First, that each officer belonging to these armies is hereby authorized to draw for his own use two rations in kind per day; second, subsistence will be drawn for officers in the same way as for troops, but on separate returns; third, abstracts of issues to officers will be made in quadruplicate, one copy for the Commissary-General, one for the Paymaster-General, one for the chief paymaster of the separate army or department to which the officers belong, and one for the commissary himself, and will show clearly the name, rank, and regiment of, and the number of rations drawn by, each officer.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

An officer of General Wilson's staff reports that command in the vicinity of Reams' Station, where the enemy have concentrated their cavalry to prevent his return. In the absence of additional cavalry force which could be got there in time it may be necessary to send some infantry. Wright may march to Reams' Station. Be prepared to look out for your left.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

