
he been to himself, with the order of General Meade for his guidance, he would have marched directly on Petersburg. This statement is submitted to you that it may be with the papers relating to the day's march, with or without Major-General Birney's indorsement, as you may deem proper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Inspector-General.

[First indorsement.]

JULY 2, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Birney.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, July 4, 1864.

In regard to the statement of Colonel Morgan, it would be mere speculation in me to say what I would or would not have done if I had regarded myself as responsible for the direction of the column I object strongly to the turn toward Old Court-House. I suggested the firing in front was increasing, and that the corps was large and could protect itself. He replied that the orders to take position at Harrison's Creek, were peremptory, and that firing was probably a cavalry affair, and I, of course, acquiesced, and still think that Colonel Morgan, under his orders and with defective maps, led the column correctly. I had been told the night before by Brigadier-General Graham, of General Butler's department, that an expedition against the city of Petersburg that night was organized, which may have affected my views.

D. BIRNEY,Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 29, 1864.

The command will be held in readiness to move at once, wagons packed,&amp;c.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

W. G. MITCHELL,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, June 29, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The staff officer sent by General Miles to inform me of the arrival of General Gibbon on his left reported that General Gibbon made a close connection on General Miles' left. General Miles now informs me that this is not so and I have filled the gap with skirmishers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

