HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 29, 1864-1.10 p.m.

(Received 1.40 p.m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

A corporal from General Wilson's command, who brings in two prisoners, says the force opposing Wilson is two brigade of infantry, Finegan's and Wilcox's, of Mahone's division, and about a regiment of cavalry. Getty is about moving with his division, the cavalry, and two batteries, and I shall follow him at once with the two remaining division of the corps unless otherwise ordered.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Transmit to General Meade. General Wright reported distant artillery firing at 11.50 a.m. in his front, to the right of Reams' Station.

A. A. H.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1864-1.40 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Corps:

Your dispatch received. The commanding general wishes you to following your division with your whole corps as promptly as possible, leaving your pickets as they are posted. Captain Whitaker, of General Wilson's staff, who reported this morning, states that the cavalry that following Wilson and opposed him on the Meherrin were commanded by W. H. F. Lee, and were composed of Chamliss', formerly Lee's, Barringer's, formerly Gordon's, and Dearing's brigades; that besides this command another was concentrated at the crossing of Stoney Creek (ten miles north of Reams' Station), which had been two days collecting from Petersburg, according to the statement of the people of the country. They took a prisoner from Rosser's brigade.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 29, 1864-2.25 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The last brigade of Getty's division is moving. The two other division will follow in their order. Shall I return in case General Wilson is relieved from his present situation?

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The commanding general directs, in reply to your dispatch, that when General Wilson is relieved you return to your position on the left of the Second Corps. Should the opportunity present itself of cutting

