
off the two brigades of enemy's infantry near Reams' Station, or of attacking the enemy with advantage after Wilson is relieved, the commanding general wishes you to take advantage of it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, At Head of Column, June 29, 1864-6 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

The head of my infantry column is within one mile and a half of Reams' Station. Nothing has been seen of the enemy except small scouting parties and nothing hear of cavalry in my front or from General Wilson.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

Two dispatches received, one of 4.25,* the other of signal officer.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 29, 1864-7.35 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

A citizen now held by General Getty reports that this afternoon General Wilson was a mile south of the railroad from Reams' Station, and was engaged with the cavalry of the enemy, apparently doing well until their infantry came up at 4 o'clock, when the infantry attacked Wilson's left. Wilson then moved down the old Stage road to his right. The citizen further reports that he heard firing two hours ago, at a distance, he thought, of four or five miles; that the cavalry of the enemy seemed dispirited before the arrival of their infantry, and reported a loss of 400 or 500 prisoners. My advance is now at Reams' Station. As I do not know where General Wilson is, and there are a few scouts only on my front, I have to request instructions whether I shall remain where I am or return to the position formerly occupied by me.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

REAM'S PUMP, PETERSBURG AND WELDON RAILROAD, June 29, 1864-8.25 p.m.

[General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:]

GENERAL: General Wright's advance is now here and not engaged anywhere. The enemy's infantry are out one mile on the Dinwiddie Court-House road, reported to be one brigade strong, the other brigade that was here having gone toward Petersburg from here. All the enemy's cavalry have gone after General Wilson, who, I believe, has

---------------

*Probably that of 4 p.m., next, ante-not sent by operator till 4.25.

---------------

