
been obliged to retire a long way, as I have heard a gun very distant west. I cannot devise any way to find General W[ilson]. General Wright has a few cavalry, but by night I cannot take them through. Would respectfully beg that professional scouts be sent the communicate with him and his pursuers engaged in rear early. Knowing the exhausted and encumbered condition of his command and the force about him, I have the greatest anxiety for his safety.

I beg pardon for this irregularity, and am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. WHITAKER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 29, 1864-12.45 p.m.

Colonel T. J. BRYAN, Jr.,Commanding Cavalry Detachment:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you throw out a force toward Reams' Station at once, in connection with the movement of the Second Division of this corps, which is ordered to proceed to that place. The division will be followed by the remainder of the corps. General Wright desires me to impress upon you the necessity of prompt, frequent, and speedy communication with these headquarters (which will be with the two reserve divisions) and with headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 29, 1864-1.15 p.m.

The corps will be held in readiness to move at a moment's notice on the Jerusalem plank road to Reams' Station, in the following order: First, General Ricketts' (Third) division, to whom Colonel Tompkins will direct two batteries to report; second, General Russell's (First) division; third, Artillery Brigade; fourth, light wagons for headquarters; fifth, ammunition train and ambulances authorized to accompany the troops. The corps will move when the Second Division is well out of the way, but not until orders are received from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

No further intelligence received from Wilson. Some firing was heard about midday in the direction of Reams' Station. I think from what I learn that he is all right.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

