
the river. The enemy have manifested more than their usual activity. They appear to be erecting an observatory on my right and near the New Market road. If a working party can be spared I should like 200 or 300 men daily.

Yours, respectfully,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, June 29, 1864.

Major-General SMITH:

Will send a [battery of] rifled artillery to-morrow morning and a Napoleon, if it can be spared from trenches. If not, two rifled batteries will be sent you.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

FLAG-SHIP MALVERN, Trent's Reach, June 29, 1864-11 p.m.

Hon. GIDEON WELLS,

Secretary of the Navy:

This morning the rebels opened a four-gun battery, situated 2,000 yards up Four-Mile Creek at Deep Bottom, and commanding the river, in open view between the army intrenchments there. An army tug was crippled. Saugus and Hunchback fired without silencing the battery. Two double-endears will attack it to-morrow. A deserter report that the enemy are mounting many heavy guns at Howlett's.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

CITY POINT, June 1864-12.30 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

The showing is against us by Kautz's dispatch, but with Wright at Reams' Station, Wilson south of the enemy, and Sheridan marching in that direction, you have done all possible, and it will be queer if the count does not turn in our favor. I am very much in hopes that the enemy will be struck in the rear most disagreeably to him, and that his road in the meantime will be destroyed effectually as far as our troops occupy the line of it. I see nothing you can be beyond what you have done. If the enemy should follow Wright and Sheridan with infantry of course we will follow him with infantry. All that I see beyond what you have already done is to follow up the same principle you have started upon - follow up the force of the enemy with a larger one.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864-9 a.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

I send you that statement of a prisoner taken last night, which is somewhat confirmed by General Katuz. I fear that Wilson is in a very precarious

