
position, and that his command is pretty much scattered. Wright is still at Reams'. A dispatch from him of 7.30 [7.15] a.m. says he can hear nothing of Wilson or the enemy. He is pushing out his parties in all directions, and in the meantime is destroying the road in the vicinity of his command. Nothing has been heard of Sheridan. He received his orders at 4 p.m. yesterday, and was moving at 5 p.m., when my staff officer left him. He ought to have been at Reams' by daylight, but had not reached there at 7.30. The instructions to Wright and himself are the same as reported last night, viz, to endeavor to extricate Wilson and to fall on the enemy if he can be found. I do not care to move Wright any farther than he is now till Sheridan arrives and ascertains something definite. I fear there is no doubt Wilson has lost all his artillery and trains, and that his command is greatly broken and dispersed.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 30, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

A prisoner was brought in last night. He was captured by some of our cavalry sent out yesterday p.m. from the left of our line to reconnoiter the enemy lying between us and General Wilson's force. He says that he was on his way to Petersburg with captured horses and prisoners, and that having fallen a little to the rear he was taken. He claims that the enemy have three divisions of cavalry concentrated against Wilson - Hampton's, Fitz. Lee's, and W. H. F.

Lee's division. He says that a part of them came from Richmond; that yesterday, the enemy having destroyed a bridge over Stony Creek, and Wilson being driven back upon it, when the bridge was found to be gone large numbers of our men surrendered themselves. He thinks they had taken, up to the time he was sent back with prisoners and horses, from 600 to 800 horses, a large number of prisoners - he does not know how many - all the artillery and ambulances of General Wilson, which, however, he says were not many, and his baggage wagons. He says the woods were full of our men, who had abandoned their horse, and were scattering in every direction, and that the horses taken from us were found to be very badly knocked up. He says that the enemy had one division of infantry against Wilson, but he only mentions two brigades, adding, however, that General Mahone, who was in command of Anderson's division, was personally present in front of Wilson. Of the artillery they had captured he had seen five pieces, which had already gone to the rear. He thinks that our cavalry was driven last evening more than six miles; General Hampton's division being here, and with artillery and infantry occupying all the roads. Fitz. Lee's and Fitzhugh [W. H. F.] Lee's divisions arrived yesterday from Richmond, when they dismounted a large number of their men and attacked Wilson heavily, compelling him to fall back. This man was taken last evening about 9 o'clock within a very short distance of Reams' Station. He lives in this neighborhood, and had been acting as a guide for General Fitzhugh Lee. He belongs to the Tenth Virginia Battalion of Heavy Artillery.

Respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel,&amp;.

