HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, June 30, 1864-5.30 p.m.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Army of the Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your note* of this date is just received. It will be impossible for me to communicate that fact of the truce by the hour named by you (6 p.m.), but I will avail myself of your offer at the earliest possible moment, which I hope will not be much after that hour. The officers and make taken last evening are the same mentioned in your note and will be returned.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, June 30, 1864-10.15 p.m.

[General HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: We have received nine prisoners of war from the Sixth Corps. They were taken this morning near Reams' Station. Six of them are from infantry regiments (Wilcox's old Alabama brigade); the others are cavalrymen. The latter were captured by General Wilson at Black and Whites and Ford's Station a week ago, retaken by the enemy yesterday, and recaptured by us this morning. We learn from them that the two infantry brigades sent down night before last to the neighborhood of Reams' Station were only partially engaged with General Wilson's force, but two regiments of the Alabama brigade having been in the fight, and they only skirmishing. They say that their brigades were ordered to return to Petersburg, and did leave last evening about dusk, and they being in the rear were capture by our men. One of the prisoners from the Sixth Virginia Cavalry (Lomax's brigade, Fitz. Lee's division), which, with all of Stuart's cavalry except one brigade, fought Sheridan at Trevilian, followed him down to the Peninsula, and, as we think, although this man is not certain that the whole force came, crossed at Drewry's Bluff three days ago and united with Dearing's brigade in the attack on Wilson. These prisoners know of only 400 men being taken from General Wilson, but say that a much larger number of horses was captured, about thirty wagons, half of which were burned, and about the same number of ambulances filled with wounded. They say their cavalry continued in the pursuit of Wilson.

Very respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel,&amp;c.

JUNE 30, 1864-9 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

No change. About 300 of enemy's infantry have just passed our front, moving north-northeast and in direction of Ninth Corps.

WARTS,

Lieutenant.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

