HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

The commanding general has directed General Gibbon to relieve the troops of the Sixty-eight and One hundred and fourteenth Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers from these headquarters, ordered to report to you last evening.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 30, 1864-8 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Colonel Bryan states that five men of Company D, Second Ohio Cavalry, report as follows: They were lying in concealment last night near Six-Mile Station, when a column of the enemy passed them, composed of infantry, cavalry, and a large amount of artillery, wagons, and negroes, on a road parallel to the railroad, about five miles from the old Halifax road. They commenced to pass about 10 p.m., and it was almost daylight when the rear of the column had passed. They say that the enemy halted and took position,unlimbering their artillery, about two miles from Six-Mile toward Petersburg. Another man from the Second Ohio Cavalry states that last night General Willson retreat, and that this morning he was overtaken by the enemy and surrendered, and another man from the Second Ohio Cavalry says that he was with 200 of our men who were armed and under command of a captain who surrendered the whole party to four men of the enemy. These statements are given for what they are worth. General Ferrero is in position between the Williams house and the plank road. All is quiet here. I have relieved Colonel Jones' detachment except thirty men, and will relieve the thirty men in the morning. There are about 400 of General Wilson's men collected at my breast-works with their horses. They have no forage. I desire to know what I shall do with them. Colonel Bryan has rationed them and has given the horses something to eat - all he could get. He expects forage and rations up for them in the morning.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864-9.15 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Which way was the column moving reported by the Ohio cavalrymen; toward or from Petersburg? Where are these Ohio cavalrymen, and why are they not sent to headquarters? I have directed General Sheridan to send and officer to collect all of Wilson's men and get them into shape.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

