HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 30, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I am holding a mill up the road toward Petersburg, two miles and a half on the road in the other direction and about the same distance to the crossing of the creek on the Dinwiddie Court-House road. No enemy in force in any of those directions. The two brigades of infantry (Finegan's and Sanders') went back to Petersburg last evening, with the exsection of a small force, 200, perhaps, which went down the old Weldon road. Captain Whitaker, who is out with the cavalry on the Dinwiddie road, reports that at least four guns were carried off by the enemy, and prisoners claim to have seen on the way to Petersburg. Captain W. can find no guns, but has discovered three or four limbers, which I have sent for. Caissons, &amp;c., he reports, were burned. I have sent ambulances for some of our wounded, and am burying the dead killed in Wilson's fight of yesterday. Citizens report that Wilson has crossed Stony Creek, but further that this I get no intelligence respecting him. Up to this hour no tidings have been received from General Sheridan nor any from General Katuz. Citizens also report a train of 200 wagons having passed Dinwiddie Court-House on their way to some point on the Weldon railroad about ten miles from here for forage.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

REAMS' STATION, June 30, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In a reconnaissance toward Dinwiddie Court-House I have just learned that a train of 200 empty wagons passed the

court-house at 9 this a.m., going from Petersburg to Stoney Creek after forage, "guarded by North Carolina infantry, eight men to a wagon, with front and rear guard." The enemy's infantry have all moved toward Petersburg. Their cavalry have followed the road to left and south of Dinwiddie Court-House, in which direction General Wilson went. I have taken change of the cavalry with General Wright at his request, and am covering all roads on his front and flanks. Should you have no further orders for me shall I not remain here, do and learn all I can, further orders for me shall I not remain here, do and learn all I can, and report through or to General Wright? My escort I left at your headquarters, being worn out; if now rested, they could be valuable with me.

I am, general,very respectfully, your most humble and obedient servant.

E. W. WHITAKER,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 30, 1864-3.30 p.m

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

About half an hour ago a staff officer from General Sheridan reported that the general was at the junction of Warwick Swamp with the Jerusalem road, about seven miles off, where he would remain till he heard

