
JUNE 30, 1864-12.30 p.m.

[General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:]

The advance guard of General Merritt's division are now just on the plank road where a wood road crosses it about six miles from your headquarters and about two miles nearer Petersburg than the main road from Prince George Court-House. Will wait to see General Merritt; then report in person.

W. W. SANDERS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864-3.25 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My command has reached the plank road one mile and a half in advance of Warwick Swamp and am pushing on to Reams' Station, distant three of four miles. I can learn of General Wilson's command only from small parties coming in, all giving different accounts. Parties coming up the plank road report the enemy's pickets on that flank, but some distance off. One of your staff officers makes a report of a rebel cavalry force having crossed the plank road on my left, and going toward my rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Katuz report that over 1,000 men of Wilson's division came in with him, and that the thinks they have gone to their old camp in the neighborhood of Prince George

Court-House. It is known, however, that Colonel Bryan latterly commanding the cavalry on our left, has picked up some 450 of these men. The commanding general directs that you at once detach an efficient officer to collect and take charge of the men of Wilson's division that have some in, and that you keep him advised of the progress made in reorganizing the command. I am instructed to add that you are authorized to relieve the detachments of General Wilson's division that are now serving on the left under the command of Captain Crowninshield, First Massachusetts Cavalry, whenever you have two organized regiments available for the purpose.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN, Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move with your whole command in the direction in which the enemy is reported to have

