
have started for their transportation and no delay must occur. Company H will relieve them. The detachment at old headquarters will probably be relieved to-day, if I can get wagons at Bermuda Hundred.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

(Copy to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, assistant adjutant-general, Tenth Army Corps.)

BROADWAY LANDING, June 30, 1864-7.45 a.m.

Captain PITKIN,

Depot Quartermaster, City Point:

The barge sent yesterday has just reported. I must have a covered barge as I use it for a distributing magazine, and if uncovered the ammunition will be both exposed to wet and fire unnecessarily. Cannot this one be exchanged this morning? I am now forwarding a lot more guns ordered that last night, and am put to serious inconvenience from want of it. Please reply.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding.

BROADWAY LANDING, June 30, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Chief of Arty., Army of the Potomac, Hdqrs. General Meade:

I shall start one company with six 4 1/2-inch guns and 100 rounds per gun by 4 p.m. to-day. The others by same time to-morrow, unless you wish them hurried forward faster, in which case I must get more transportation. I am too busy to see General Burnside's position to-day. Will you please inform me what ranges are required, so that I may arrange my supply of fuses; and also in how many places the guns are to be located. I shall visit them to-morrow myself.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT:

Two, perhaps three, positions to be occupied; distance, 1,000 or 1,200 yards and under. A few fuses for longer range should be sent.

HENRY J. HUNT,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN, June 30, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Brigadier General G. D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance, U. S. Army, Winder's Building, Washington, D. C.:

My guns and mortars are going into position very rapidly, and the ammunition is rapidly expended. I think the supply on my original

