
Inclosed please find copies of my instructions* to my brigade commanders, and I can add, all instructions were fully carried out by the other brigade commanders.

Very respectfully,

J. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, June 30, 1864.

Colonel CURTIS:

Colonel Barton will assault the enemy's work this p.m. at 5 o'clock, issuing from point of woods. You will place a regiment in trench in front of your position and right of Colonel Barton - the trench will hold the many - with instructions that as soon as Colonel Barton's assaulting column gains the crest of the hill in front of the enemy's position they will leap out of the trench and charge the salient of the enemy's works without firing. You will immediately move out a regiment to their support, and at the instant of the charge of Colonel Barton the regiment in your second line will immediately advance and occupy first line of works, or move forward in support of your first line of assault as necessity may demand. Have 100 men detailed, each to carry a shovel and pick, if there are enough picks, to follow Colonel Barton's column closely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 30, 1864.

General SMITH:

General Benham wishes to know if you last night received a dispatch in relation to pontoon-boats. It was received here about 9.30 p.m.

Very respectfully,

OPERATOR.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 30, 1864.

General BENHAM:

Your dispatch was received and answered. If the boats are ready I will give you ample notice to send them to me.

WM. F. SMITH,Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 30, 1864-7.20 P. M.

I have questioned the operator at telegraph office in regard to answer mentioned within. He assures me that no answer to telegram sent by General Benham to General W. F. Smith, at 9 p.m. June 29, 1864, has yet been received at that office.

P. C. KINGSLAND,

Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Only Curtis' is found.

---------------

