HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1864-2 p.m.

Brigadier General A. V. KAUTZ,Commanding,&amp;c., Headquarters Eighteenth Corps:

I am instructed to acknowledge your dispatch of 1 p.m. of this date. Major-General Meade directs that as soon as your command has drawn the necessary supplies you report at these headquarters for further orders, and he leaves it to you to determine when you regard your command as in a condition for efficient service. He desires that you will at once report by telegraph what portion of General Wilson's command came in with you.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 30, 1864-3 p.m.

[General WILLIAMS:]

Over a thousand of Wilson's men came in with me. I think they have gone to their old camps.

KATUZ.

FLAT-SHIP MALVERN, James River, June 30, 1864-11 p.m.

Hon. GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

The enemy removed his battery from Deep Bottom last night, thus avoiding the heavy gun-boat fire which opened on his position early this morning. This evening he opened a battery lower down, which Hunchback drove away. Am inquiring about the canal-boats. Deserters report that the rebels are strengthening Howlett's battery.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS, June 30, 1864.

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: It was agreed, as I understood, between the Navy Department, yourself, and the major-general commanding, that upon the turning over of Fort Norfolk to you for a naval magazine that the building occupied as a naval store-house on the wharf at Fortress Monroe should be vacated for the use of the army, and to prevent the danger from the ordnance remaining therein. Three months have now elapsed since Fort Norfolk was put in possession of the navy for that purpose, and I am informed that the ordnance store-house is not vacated. May I request that an order be issued that at may be done at once. If the navy is not supplied with transportation for that purpose upon intimation to me I will see that the store-house is immediately cleared.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 30, 1864.-For the "effective strength" of the Union forces operating against Richmond, see Part I, p.177.]

