
bridges in Petersburg. They were hit a number of times yesterday by Smith's guns. A small steamer lying at the Petersburg wharf was also hit and burned.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 1, 1864-1.30 p.m.

(Received 10 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

On the 28th [29th] I telegraphed to General Hunter, granting his request to visit Washington and directing him in the meanwhile to telegraph to you about his operations. Since then I have heard nothing of him, the line west of Harper's Ferry having been broken by rebel raids. I telegraphed him to-day that you wished to consult-with him at your headquarters. As you are aware, all batteries here were dismounted and put in the forts to replace in part the heavy regiments, and their horses sent to the front. I have remounted three and sent them forward, and will remount five more by taking horses from the quartermaster's teams. This leaves very little in the forts except militia, who are not sufficiently instructed to work the guns. There are conflicting reports about the rebel forces in the Shenandoah Valley. Some say that

Breckinridge and Pickett are following the cavalry, which has just made a raid on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, while others say they are not in the Valley at all. It certainly would be good policy for them (while Hunter's army is on the Kanawha) to destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and make a raid in Maryland and Pennsylvania. Sigel has very little besides militia at Harper's Ferry and on the railroad, and, by sending away the artillery, we shall have nothing left here with which to re-enforce him.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 1, 1864-11.30 p.m.

(Received 9 a.m. 2nd.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

You need not send any artillery beyond the three batteries already started. Ewell's corps has returned here, but I have no evidence of Breckinridge's having returned. Hunter ought to get back on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad as soon as possible. Operating from there he will have the enemy in front of him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 1, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: Mr. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War, has just returned. He informs me that he called attention to the necessity of sending Gen-

