
CITY POINT, July 1, 1864-10.27 p.m.

General MEADE:

Where is the heavy firing now going on? Is it an attack made by the enemy?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 1, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The firing is apparently on Burnside's front. He has made no report. Warren says it is on his right. Will report as soon as I am advised of what has occurred.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 1, 1864-10.20 a.m.

Brigadier-General INGALLS:

The following is an extract from a report which has been received from Major-General Sheridan, commanding Cavalry Corps, dated 2 a.m. this morning. As you were in constant communication with General Sheridan from the time he arrived at the river until he left it, and as it is understood that there is an ample supply of forage at the depot, the commanding general desires that it may be stated how the deficiency reported has arisen. The extract alluded to is in these words:

I marched from the river without forage and without preparation. My horses are worn out. Some of them have been without forage for forty-eight hours.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,City Point, July 1, 1864. (Received 11.45 a.m.)

General SETH WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Your dispatch relative to General Sheridan is received. It conveys the first information I have received that his command had not plenty of forage. On his arrival at Douthat's I visited his headquarters to ascertain wants. His chief quartermaster reported two days' on hand then. He was told that there was an abundance at this place which could be delivered at any point on the river. I suspect General Sheridan means to convey the idea that his orders and the emergency of the case compelled him to leave hurriedly without having time to make necessary preparations. He had but just crossed over his command. There was no good reason why he had not sufficient forage so far as the quartermaster's department was concerned. I will investigate further and report if any additional facts are developed.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

