
Reams' Station, where he was met by three brigades of infantry and surrounded. He then again fell back, burning wagons, caissons, and abandoning artillery, which got tangled in the woods. As soon as the shells exploded the enemy charged the rear guard and dispersed it. General Kautz, swinging off to the left, came in. The rebels continued after Wilson's column, charging it, and officers and men report a complete rout. Most of the men coming in come on my left flank, and all on foot, their horses having been lost in the action or abandoned in passing through the swamp. General Wilson had with him only what was left of Colonel McIntosh's brigade and the fragment of Colonel Chapman's. Some of the men and officers were near Jarratt's Station and found a small earth-work there (garrisoned).

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

The infantry engaged by General Wilson at Reams' Station were the brigades of Finegan, Sanders, and Perry, General Mahone commanding. They marched from Petersburg during the night and went into position at daylight.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 1, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move to the vicinity of Prince George Court-House. An efficient brigade will be detailed t picket the left of the army from the vicinity of the Gurley house to Reams' Station. The commanding general directs that you give your attention to reorganizing General Wilson's division and putting your corps in condition for active service, reporting when it is ready for such duty. The dismounted cavalry are in the vicinity of the Old Court-House. You will resume charge of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Lee's Mill, July 1, 1864-6.25 a.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move the remaining brigade of your division, forward to the Jerusalem plank road. It will start as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

