HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 15, 1864-9.30 a.m. (Received 9.45 a.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

A wagon and ambulance train of the Eighteenth Corps have crossed the bridge and will in your train. I desire them to proceed under cover of your movement to City Point or some point on the Appomattox where General Smith can get them.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864-9.40 a.m.

General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that I have been deceived about the rations. It was reported to me that they had arrived, and I sent details to receive them. It turns out now that no rations have arrived, and I have started the command and left direction that if the rations come they shall be taken to City Point. Everything is getting along here as fast as possible, but still it is slow work getting in artillery wagons. I shall wait here a few minutes to see if you have any reply and orders, and then I shall cross the river.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 15, 1864-9.45 a.m.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch of 9.40 is received, and the commanding general approves of the orders given by you. The commanding general desires you to push forward to the position designated for your command, leaving some one to bring up your artillery and wagons. When you wagons come up you will unload the ammunition wagons and send them to City Point for rations. Everything is quiet in our front this morning.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILCOX'S HOUSE, June 15, 1864-10.30 a.m. (Received 12 m.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

The rations for the Second Corps have just arrived in a schooner with a boat. I shall take them to City Point and there await such orders as may be received from General Hancock or others authorized. The schooner draws eleven feet of water, and could not have landed here had she arrived in season. The schooner is named Susan.

JOSEPH S. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence, Second Corps.

