HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,July 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. J. CONGER,

First District of Columbia Cavalry, Fort Powhatan:

General Kautz, with, as he says, the most of his division, arrived here yesterday p.m. and is now in camp here.

For General Butler:

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Acting Chief of Staff.

GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 1, 1864-11 p.m.

General KAUTZ,

Jones' Neck:

Lieutenant-Colonel Conger, First District of Columbia Cavalry, has just reported by telegraph his arrival at Fort Powhatan with what he calls the rest of your division. You wounded have arrived at Cabin Point, below Fort Powhatan.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Brooks.)

FORT POWHATAN, July 1, 1864.

Surg. CHARLES McCORMICK,

Medical Director, Butler's Headquarters:

Please send ten ambulances to Cabin Point, Va., for the transportation of wounded of Kautz's cavalry division. I would like to have them arrive by daylight to-morrow morning, as the command will leave at that hour. We were necessitated to abandon all the ambulances and many of the wounded, who fell into the hands of the enemy. Please have the ambulance officer report to Assistant Surgeon Hughes, who will be left in charge, provided they do not arrive by that time.

Very respectfully,

H. W. RIVERS,

Surgeon-in-Chief, Kautz's Cavalry Division.

YORKTOWN, VA., July 1, 1864.

Captain T. EDSON,

Ordnance Officer:

The following are the guns recently removed from this fort, viz: Four 12-pounder brass howitzers, sent to Fort Magruder, Va.; two 12-pounder brass howitzers, sent to Bermuda Hundred; one 20-pounder Parrott, sent to Bermuda Hundred; two 100-pounder Parrotts, sent to Bermuda Hundred; two 10-inch sea-coast mortars, sent to Bermuda Hundred. The following are the guns now here, viz: One 12-pounder brass gun, on field carriage; one 10-pounder Parrott, on field carriage; three 20-pounder Parrotts, on field carriages; two 12-pounder guns, iron, smooth, on siege carriages; nine 32-pounder guns, iron, smooth, with carriages and chassis; three 32-pounder guns, iron, smooth, short navy, with carriages and chassis; one 42-pounder gun, iron, smooth, with carriage and

