HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,July 2, 1864-9.20 a.m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

The order to construct abatis was sent out yesterday as soon as received. All that could be done was already done or in progress. The obstructions can only be laid after dark. We are making no effort to advance our lines as they are in most places already so close to the enemy that no pickets are out between them. All the communications necessary are completed along my line and all batteries posted that I think it best to put into position. All the other guns I have can be put in at any time in the night. Musketry firing was incessant on my right front last night.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864-9 p.m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing has occurred on my front since my report this morning.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 159 July 2, 1864.

2. The officers and enlisted men of the Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers whose term of service expires on the 3rd instant will proceed on that date to Pennsylvania, and report to the general superintendent of recruiting service for that State for musket out and discharge. The assistant commissary of musters of the division will accompany the command to the place of embarkation, and see that no officers or enlisted men leave the army except those entitled to discharge by reason of expiration of term of service.

3. The enlisted men of the Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, whose term of service does not expire on the 3rd instant, are hereby transferred to the One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Their late officers will not be permitted to leave the army until they have furnished the descriptive lists and necessary transfer papers of the men so transferred.

Colonel E. S. Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, having been appointed brigadier-general of volunteers, is assigned to command the First Brigade, Fourth Division, and will report to Brigadier-General Cutler, commanding.

4. Independent Companies L and M, attached to Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, are assigned to the Ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, to serve their unexpired term of service.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

