HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, June 15, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Following my instructions to take the "nearest and most direct route to Petersburg," I have arrived at a point four miles from the Court-House. The point marked Graysville or Gaysville [Garysville] on the map I cannot hear of, except that I am told that Gays or Gray's Tavern, which I find on this road, is meant. Bailey's Creek is much out of place on the map. To get to the position assigned me I turn tot he right two miles this side of the Court-House and go by way of Old Court-House. My rear division (General Barlow) I have turned to the right beyond Powell's Creek, to take the interior road and meet me at Old Court-House. My trains will also take this road. I have found some guides and have ceased traveling by the map. Firing of two or three hours' duration has been heard since we started. A negro with us thinks it is on the Prince George Court-House road, on mile and a half this side. I hear of no enemy near Prince George Court-House or Old Court-House.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, June 15, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK or GIBBON:

GENERAL: General Grant has authorized me to call on you to hurry forward to Petersburg to aid in its capture. I do not suppose at present there is much infantry over there, but the wide open spaces along my entire front, and the heavy artillery fire of the enemy, have prevented me from attempting any assault and also preventing me from getting any artillery into position to do any service. If the Second Corps can come up in time to make an assault to-night after dark in vicinity of Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad I think we may be successful. But to-night is the last night, as General Lee is reported crossing at Chaffin's Bluff. Please inform me by bearer when the head of your column may be expected here. My left is on the Jordan's Point road.

Respectfully,WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,

In the Field, June 15, 1864-7 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

General Smith is before Petersburg near the City Point road attacking the enemy's works, of which he has carried one line. I fear re-enforcements from Richmond at about this time, as they have had the day in which to do it and are beginning to pass them over, one train, having already gone by. Will you send three divisions of your corps

