
GENERAL FOSTER'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The 100-days' men have been relieved. The engineer officer reports that there is about five days' work for 1,000 men as the lines are at present laid out.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 14. In the Field, near Curtis', Va., July 2, 1864.

I. The orders hitherto issued prohibiting all intercourse between our own pickets and those of the enemy having been repeatedly violated, and several instances of desertion having occurred, it is now ordered that it shall be the duty of every sentry on the picket-line to fire at once, without further orders, upon any enlisted man who shall advance from our picket-line toward that of the enemy, unless accompanied by a commissioned officer.

II. All enlisted men detailed upon special, extra, or daily duty, or upon detached service, within this command, should retain their arms and accouterments. In every instance where this is not now the case the officer under whose charge the man may be will immediately notify the commanding officer of the regiment to which the soldier belongs, requesting that he will cause him to be equipped at once, and on the 4th day of this month will report to these headquarters the names of those officers who have not complied with such request.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

City Point:

If there is to be no reorganization soon, I will take advantage of the general's permission and go away for a few days as this hot weather is one too many for men.

WM. F. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS,City Point, July 2, 1864.

Major General W. F. SMITH:

Your application for leave of absence has just come to me. Unless it is absolutely necessary that you should leave at this time I would much prefer not having you go. It will not be necessary for you to expose yourself in the hot sun, and if it should become necessary I can temporarily attach General Humphreys to your command.

U. S. GRANT.

