
must stick it out as long as possible. I hope for a change of weather Please mention this to General Grant. As soon as the order is out I shall come down and have a talk with you on what I consider a question of vital moment to the country, and in these questions personal hostility I don't think ever interferes with my judgment.

WM. F. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. COMSTOCK,

General Grant's Headquarters, City Point:

The enemy opened upon my batteries near the river from their batteries on the opposite side and I am replying. The firing is entirely confined to this.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

JULY 2, 1864.

Captain FARQUHAR,

Smith's Headquarters:

I will under no present circumstances consent that Michie shall be absent from here even a day. I have need for him all the time and on important service too. Colonel Bowen is an engineer officer. I rank him in the army and in the corps. I am doing duty besides that of chief engineer. It is more proper that he should perform engineer duty during your absence than that I should. General Smith's line is four miles long, the one here as it now is is seven miles long. I wish you would tell General Smith this. General Butler has returned.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864.

General TURNER:

GENERAL: The reports of your brigade commanders received this a.m. show the enemy during the night to have been busy strengthening their works and building abatis. The major-general commanding the corps has desired me to ask you to please report operations of this kind hereafter as soon as discovered, to enable him to order the artillery on other portions of the line to open upon them and if possible to prevent their working.

I am, general, very respectfully,

WM. RUSSEL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 2, 1864. (Received 11 a.m.)

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry:

I am directed by Major-General Meade to inform you that the return of General Wilson, and the remainder of General Sheridan's command

