
JUNE 13, 1864-5 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

General Wilson got some men across at 10 p.m. last night. The bridge was not so that he could cross in force till 1 a.m. He has been opposed by a little cavalry. I am on the high bluff about one mile and a half from the bridge, where the road from Turner's Ford comes in, and have two divisions up here. The others are following. The cavalry are a little way out and advancing. We hear a little skirmishing, which stops occasionally, and is heard again more distant. I have little news to give you now. Will write again soon.

Yours, respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

JUNE 13, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

This map* is from reconnaissance, one inch to a mile, and if laid on the printed one inch map, fitting it on at Moody's house [top of map], will give you our present positions. I have two brigades out where the road comes from White Oak Swamp. The cavalry is in advance of that, and I hear artillery firing a little. I have no information from Wilson. The main portion of my corps is near my headquarters. General Wilson just sends me word he has driven their cavalry over the White Oak Swamp bridge, and that he and the enemy both fire artillery across.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 13, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

General Hancock is crossing. As soon as he has passed and taken up the bridge, the commanding general directs that you follow him in accordance with your instructions, notifying Wilson when you do so, that he may follow you. Look out for some road leading from where you are over to the Charles City Court-House road, which you can take. Keep some one near the bridge to ascertain when the bridge is taken up, and Hancock moves off.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, June 13, 1864-8.40 a.m.

Colonel LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

The troops of the Second Corps are passing ahead of their trains, and two brigades of the First Division have already passed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. WARREN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

The headquarters Army of the Potomac trains fall in behind the First Division of General Hancock's corps.

---------------

*See p.7.

---------------

