
JULY 3, 1864-7 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The only information I have as to Ewell's corps was derived from deserters, who said it had returned from Lynchburg. No prisoners have been taken from any of the divisions of that corps or any other information obtained than above. It was never reported as in our front, but only that it had returned from Lynchburg.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General HUNT, Chief of Artillery:

The lieutenant-general commanding is desirous of knowing whether any offensive operations from the lines now held by this army are practicable. Major-General Warren does not deem any practicable in his front, but Major-General Burnside, who is now running a gallery for a mine, is on the opinion that if successful in this operation an assault could be made to advantage. I desire you carefully to examine the proposed point of attack, after conferring with General Burnside, and furnish me with your views. Should an attack be determined upon, the maximum amount of artillery should be brought to bear upon the immediate point of attack and to the right and left. Roads should be opened and places prepared for the assembling of the Second and Sixth Corps, that will be transferred to take part in the attack, and arrangements should be made in preparing a line in advance for the withdrawal of the left flank of the Fifth Corps and the protection of the same. You will please give me your views at the earliest possible moment, that the necessary orders may be issued and requisitions made. Both Generals Burnside and Warren have been notified of your instructions and directed to confer with you and facilitate your operations.*

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Major Duane, Acting Chief Engineer.)

GENERAL GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

City Point, July 3, 1864-9.30 p.m. (Received 11 p.m.)

General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

Generals Sheridan and Kautz require fresh cavalry horses. Please have 2,000 or 3,000 sent forward as rapidly as possible.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, July 3, 1864.

General PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

I had difficulty in finding Captain Robertson, but finally did so. Have just returned from the Douthats', and am rejoiced to say that

---------------

*For Hunt's and Duane's joint reply, see Part I, p. 285.

---------------

