
outrages such as reported have not occurred at either house. There were excesses with the negro women there, but they rested upon evidence which I considered secondary and conflicting and that I was not authorized to investigate. I am also assured by the Douthats that extreme crimes could not have been committed at the house near Charles City Court-House without their hearing of it, which they have not. The boat matter is under investigation and will soon be closed, after which I shall leave for headquarters, unless there is something else for me to do.

Respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,July 3, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

A contraband sent in this morning from the provost-marshal of the Sixth Corps makes a statement as follows: That he left Brunswick county four or five day ago, and came toward our lines part of the way with Wilson's cavalry, but got separated from them during the fight, and remained in the woods to the west of Reams' Station until Friday, night last; that on Friday afternoon he saw a considerable force of cavalry moving in the direction of Dinwiddie Court-House, on the Petersburg and Dinwiddie Court-House road. He saw them from the woods where he was secreted, which place he thinks is about eight miles from Petersburg; that after dark a considerable force of infantry passed on the same road and in the same direction, with wagons and scattering squads of cavalry. Informant can give no information as to what force this was other than they were rebels, and his idea of their numbers is, to use his own words, "a right smart" force. He thinks the infantry were about half an hour in passing. He has no further information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

CAMP DETACH. PROVOST GUARD, THIRD PA. CAVALRY,

Near Cocke's Burnt Mill, July 3, 1864 - 12 m.

Colonel E. S. JONES,

Commanding Third Pennsylvania Cavalry:

SIR: I have the honor to report that this morning one of my safe guards at a house one mile from here was captured by some rebels. I hear that there is a camp of rebels (cavalry most probably) within four miles of this. I will send a scouting party out immediately. If I find out that there is any truth in the report I will send to let you know.

Very respectfully,

MILES G. CARTER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment Provost Guard.

