
To enable me to reply intelligently to the above queries of the lieutenant-general commanding, I desire to have your views at the earliest possible moment. In the attack you would be aided by the Second and Sixth Corps.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 3, 1864 - 12.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I shall have to make a careful personal examination to-day before I can give a proper opinion on so important a question as that proposed. Every day we have been here has, of course, increased the difficulties the enemy has been preparing for us. I would rather the opinion of some one independent of me should decide the question, as circumstances in the past leave me without much strength in declining any proposed attack whatever. It will take me till 4 or 5 p. m.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 3, 1864. (Received 12 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: It will probably be determined to carry on offensive operations from the front of the Ninth Corps. I have directed the acting chef engineer and the chief of artillery to make an examination of the lines of the Ninth Corps, and of such portions of your lines adjacent thereto on which it may be necessary to establish co-operating batteries. These officers will be directed to confer with you, and I have to request you will furnish them with every facility, and in case of batteries being erected to furnish such working parties as may be required, and otherwise conform to their views as indicated.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Should these operations take place the Second and Sixth Corps will be withdrawn to take part therein. This will necessitate a change in your lines on the left, ad you will have to guard your flank. A line should therefore be selected and prepared for you to occupy simultaneously with the withdrawal of the other corps. Perhaps the line you occupied when the movement to the plank road was made may be the best.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 3, 1864 - 9.15 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet in my front since morning report.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

