
left. I have another division to place in reserve as soon as it arrives, it having found difficulty in finding its way on account of the darkness. The night is of that nature, and my having arrived at this point after dark, I can determine little about the features of the country, and I cannot tell what the morning will bring forth; but I think we cover all of the commanding points in front of Petersburg. I am now at the Bryant house, but am going to move to the vicinity of General Smith's headquarters in a short time. I will be glad if the provisions arrive early in the morning. I am much obliged for your offer of artillery, and if my reserve artillery does not come up I may apply to you for some; but at present I think I have enough to place in position, as I know the country. I received a communication from General Grant this afternoon, but have not had time to reply to it. You will oblige me by sending a copy of this communication to him. General Smith and myself have examined the country, but cannot determine the exact position of the enemy.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Forwarded to General Grant, by request of General Hancock, by telegraph.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864.

The following movements are ordered for to-day: At 10 a.m., or as soon thereafter as rations have been issued to his command, Major-General Birney will move will his division, accompanied by such of his ammunition wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., as may have been ferried over the river, on the direct road to Petersburg, taking post near where the City Point railroad crosses Harrison's Creek. The Second and First Division will follow in the order named, with such part of their transportation as may be across the river, taking position to the right as they come up, extending toward the mouth of Harrison's Creek, where we have a work. Two batteries of those now on the south side will accompany each division. The battalions Fourth New York Heavy Artillery will remain until the transportation of the corps has crossed, and will escort it to the corps to-night.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILCOX'S LANDING, June 15, 1864-8.20 a.m.

General BARLOW and

General GIBBON:

How are you getting along with issuing rations?

HANCOCK,

General.

