
without difficulty about 9 p. m., after which the Second Brigade, Colonel E. W. Peirce, which has been occupying the rear line of works for the past days, was moved into the front line, relieving the First Brigade, Colonel Gould. Work on the fort on our left went on during the night, and the magazine was begun and is well begun and is well under way. Another night's work will finish it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., July 3, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that everything in my front has been quiet to-day. Rather less picket-firing than usual, and no movements apparent on the part of the enemy of any kind.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., July 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: There is nothing of importance reported by brigade commanders as occurring on our front in the last twelve hours. The enemy is reported as still at work on his lines. The right was unusually quiet.

Very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 3, 1864.

[Lieutenant Colonel HENRY PLEASANTS:]

In order to be enabled to have a clear to have a clear judgment of the progress of the mining work in front of Major-General Burnside's rifle-pits, I would like to be furnished with --

I. A rough longitudinal section made after a certain scale and laid through our works neighboring the mine, through the mine gallery, and through the enemy's works to be attacked by the mine. This section, with all important numbers inscribed, will show, besides the profile of our and the enemy's works, the location of the mine-gallery entrance with reference to our own defense line; the arrangement of the entrance, whether by a shaft or by an inclined gallery, &c.; the height of the gallery in both the places not framed and such as are supplied with frames; the length of the intended gallery; its depth under the natural horizon near the entrance and near the powder chamber, and finally the location, length, and height of the latter.

