
for the purpose of relieving pickets (or, if necessary, passing troops), in a ravine in front of the right center of Colonel Humphrey's brigade. The work was prosecuted without interruption, and I hope to finish it to-night. On the right the One hundred and ninth New York finished laying their abatis. I would respectfully request that the lines of the corps may be equalized.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 3, 1864 - 8.10 p. m

Major-General PARKE:

I have the honor to report nothing of importance has taken place on my line to-day. The heavy battery being put in position not yet completed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Jordan's Point, Va., July 3, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at Prince George Court-House yesterday with my command, and that I found it impossible to find water or camps. I encamped General Gregg there for the night, but expect to move him here to-day. General Wilson is here reorganizing his command. I shall commence at once to refit and put my command in condition. I wish all the dismounted men of the Cavalry Corps now with the trains and otherwise connected with the army ordered to report to Major Beaumont at this point without delay. The brigade which you require to picket the left of the army I will try to get on post to-day, and will order in all of Colonel Bryan's and all other detachments of cavalry now on duty at different points about Petersburg. If a telegraph operator could be sent here it would be very convenient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 3, 1864 - 1 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I inclose you a copy of a dispatch* from General Wright. The commanding general directs me to day, that while he is indisposed to disturb your command, yet you must hold in view the necessity of moving against the enemy's cavalry should it undertake a sudden movement

---------------

* See Wright to Meade, 12.30 p. m. 3rd, p.605.

---------------

