
upon the trains or rear of the army between the Blackwater and the James River. That approach is unguarded. The plank road and the old Norfolk road (along the Norfolk railroad) are held by us, and the commanding general considers it essential that you should have the roads watched in the space indicated, so as to receive timely notice of any such attempt as that referred to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 3, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions I moved back to Prince George Court-House, but could find no water in that vicinity for either the men or animals. The Blackwater has dried up so much that after watering one regiment the water became so thick and bad that the horses would not drink it and could not get water for one division on crossing. I found not drink it and could not get water for one division in crossing. I found a small stream running into Bailey's Creek on which I encamped one division. It is about two miles from the Court-House, but I expect to have to move it to-day. Here I have convenient camps, and supplies for the Cavalry Corps are all to be landed here. In reference to the present time. The larger portion of the command has marched continually for nearly sixty days. The horses are worn thin and are jaded and most have rest. Most of the horses have lost their shoes, and, in fact, the whole command should be reshod. The men have also suffered and require rest, and above all things, clothing. I have a large number of men who have been barefooted for the last two weeks. The men can soon get into condition, but it will require from twelve to fifteen days to get the horses in good working condition. Yesterday I lost 100 horses, but have men out this morning gathering them up. I will cull out the very weak horses of one brigade to-day and send the brigade to relieve the command of Colonel Bryan, and get in all the detachments now connected with the army about Petersburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 3, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The division of General Gregg is encamped two miles and a half from Prince George Court-House and near the road from Prince George to Old Court-House, covering the trains. He has one regiment on picket at prince George, with his pickets down the road to Blackwater. General Torbert's division pickets on the road from City Point to Wind-Mill Point, with advance pickets as far as the burnt mill. The position of the corps at present will cover the trains

