
securely and the line of James River as far as occupied by our troops. A few scouts were said to have been seen about the burnt mill to-day. A party I sent to look after them has not yet reported. Yesterday I had a squadron beyond the Weldon railroad at a point south of Reams' Station. It reported about a brigade of the enemy's cavalry moving in direction of Petersburg yesterday afternoon.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Jordan's Point, Va., July 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to say that the ground at this point will be a little crowded, and that if you can find a pleasant camp near the place you are now at and prefer staying that you can do so. If you do not find a camp to your satisfaction you will move on your division to this place to-day, leaving one regiment on picket at Prince George Court-House. This regiment will be relieved to-morrow morning by a regiment from the First Division.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, July 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail from your division one good sized regiment to report to Colonel Bryan and relieve the detachments of the First and Second Divisions under command of Captain Crowninshield, First Massachusetts Cavalry, and the detachment of Twenty-second New York Cavalry under command of Captain French.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 3, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Colonel COMSTOCK:

When at Fortress Monroe I prepared a platform-car to carry a 13-inch mortar, and also another to mount a 30-ponder Parrott. The mortarcar worked admirably. It can be used with a horizontal are of fire of 70 degrees and any elevation. It will be necessary to have the City Point railroad repaired to Smith's lines to use them. Is it repaired? The guns will be here to-morrow.

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

