
[Indorsement.]

I have sent to inquire at what point on Rowanty Creek Hampton's cavalry is, and where the infantry division is.

A. A. H.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT CAVALRY CORPS, July 4, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this a. m., I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Herrick, First Pennsylvania Cavalry, the officer making the scout to Rowanty Creek yesterday, states that Hampton's division is distributed from the right of the rebel infantry line (not far from Doctor Gurley's house), along the railroad, to the division of infantry at Stony Creek. Lieutenant Herrick went out on the Old Shop road, crossing the Jerusalem road at Proctor's Tavern, and turning to the right just this side of Nottoway River, kept on to within one mile of Rowanty Creek, driving in two picket-posts of the enemy. It was said to be two miles on this road from the creek to the railroad, and two miles down the railroad from where the road crosses it, the rebel division of infantry was said to be encamped. They were represented to have been there since the fight with Wilson's cavalry. The main body of Hampton's cavalry division was said to be at the same place with the infantry division, but their pickets and reserves extended up the railroad and on Rowanty Creek. They were thought to be picketing all the way up to the right of their infantry line. Still citizens and negroes very likely might confound Hamton's cavalry, not being aware of the extent of his present command. They all said, however, that Fitzhugh Lee had taken his division from Stony Creek yesterday morning to Dinwiddie Court-House. Proctor's Tavern and Templeton's are the same place.

Very respectfully,T. M. BRYAN, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, July 4, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I would like the permission of the major-general commanding to accompany General Barnard to the vicinity of General Warren's headquarters. I shall not be absent long.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 4, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Commanding Sixth Corps:

There is no objection to your accompanying General Barnard to General Warren's.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

