HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, July 4, 1864 - 9 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Evening report of Sixth Corps: Nothing of importance has transpired during the day.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, July 4, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The Fourth Brigade of the Second Division of this corps is now reduced to one regiment, the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, and some attached companies remaining from the Seventh and Tenth Massachusetts and Second Rhode Island, numbering for duty some 500 men, and the Fourth Brigade, First Division, will on the 24th of August lose two regiments, and on the 4th of September a third, leaving out one regiment remaining. I therefore propose for the consideration of the major-general commanding the propriety of discontinuing these two brigades, and assigning the regiments belonging thereto as follows: To the First Division, the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, with the attached companies of the Seventh and Tenth Massachusetts, and the Second Rhode Island and the Twenty-third and Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers to the Third Brigade, and the Sixty-fifth New York to the Second Brigade; to the Second Division, the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers to the Third Brigade.

It will be perceived that on this proposition the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, with the attached companies, is to be transferred from the Second Division to the First, which is done to secure to the Third Brigade the services of Colonel O. Edwards, and excellent officer, as brigade commander. The brigade was being commanded by a lieutenant-colonel of limited experience. This change is compensated for by the proposed transfer to the Second Division of the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, which has a term of service differing only a few days from that of the Thirty change is compensated for by the proposed transfer to the Second Division of the One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers, which has a term of service differing only a few days from that of the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts. The other regiments, which have at the longest only two months of service, are transferred to the brigade of their division, where they are most needed. Should this proposition be approved I would ask that Captain Ellis, commissary Fourth Brigade, Second Division, be assigned to the Third Brigade, First Division, the present commissary being relieved, and Captain Persing, assistant quartermaster. This will leave Captain Roome, assistant adjutant-general Fourth Brigade, First Division, as the only regular staff officer unprovided for. The aides and acting aides-de-camp should of course be ordered to rejoin their regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

