
JUNE 15, 1864. (Received 5.25 p.m.)

Major-General GIBBON:

Some of my staff who came up from Fort Powhatan report not having seen the Second Corps marching as they passed. Orders were sent for the corps to march early this morning and General Hancock reported that the orders were sent at 6 a.m. Use all haste in getting up. Smith carried the outer works at Petersburg to-day and may need your assistance. This order is intended for the whole Second Corps and is directed to you, supposing you to have the advance. Communicate it to all the division commanders and to General Hancock, and push forward as rapidly as possible. Commissary stores are now being loaded in wagons here for you and will reach you some time to-night on the road.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 15, 1864-8.30 p.m. (Sent 8.40 p.m.)

General WARREN:

Orders will be sent you to move your corps at daylight to-morrow. Two divisions now near Clarke's to be ferried from Wilcox's Wharf; the other two from a ferry near the bridge. Your artillery and trains to be assembled near the bride, and when all together, to cross the bridge. Please make arrangements accordingly. All information tends to the belief the enemy are crossing by a bridge at Drewry's Bluff to the south side. It is not probable, therefore, our movements here will be disturbed, but should the cavalry report any advance of the enemy you will have to withdraw from Clarke's to where you now are, and, in conjunction with Wright and the cavalry, cover our trains till they are all inside of Wright's line, when you will cross by the bridge and bridge ferry.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Near Pontoon Bridge, James River, June 15, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: The Second Corps train is now moving over the road by which you will move two divisions of your troops to the ferry, near the bridge. All the wagons of the corps should be in park near this point, and the road clear by 1 o'clock. If you wish use of the road before that will you have the kindness to send an officer to stop the trains, and direct them to go into park. The Fifth Corps train is parked on the right-hand side of the road, one mile from the bridge. There is a road on the right of the train, to the ferry, by Douthat's house. If your troops move on that road the main road to the bridge can be used by the trains of your corps at the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PEIRCE,

Assistant Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

