
tion or authority. I simply desired to ask the privilege of calling upon them for support, at such times and at such points as I thought advisable. I would gladly accord to either of them the same support, and would be glad to have either of them lead the attack; but it would have been obviously improper for me to have suggested that any other corps than my own should make the attack in my front. What I asked in reference to calling upon the other corps for support is only what I have been called upon to do and have cheerfully done myself in regard to other corps commanders. If a copy of my letter has been forwarded to the General-in-Chief, which I take for granted has been done, that he may be possessed of my full opinion, it may make the same impression upon him as upon yourself, and I beg that you will correct it; in fact I beg that such impression may be as far as possible removed wherever it has made a lodgment. My desire is to support you, and in doing that I am serving the country. With ordinary good fortune we can pretty safely promise to finish the mine on a week - I hope in less time.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Ninth Army Corps.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 4, 1864.

[Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:]

GENERAL: Your letter of this date is received. I am glad to find that there was no intention on your part to ask for any more authority or command than you have a perfect right to expect under existing circumstances. I did not infer from your letter that you had any want of confidence in me. I rather thought you were anticipating interference from others, and thought it best to reply as I did. Your letter has not been shown to any one nor forwarded to the General-in-Chief, and my answer has only been seen by the confidential clerk who copied it. I am very grateful to you for your good opinion as expressed, and shall earnestly try to merit its continuance. In the trying position I am placed in, hardly to be appreciated by any one not in my place, it is my great desire to be on terms of harmony and good feeling with all, superiors and subordinates, and try to adjust the little jars that will always exist in large bodies to the satisfaction of each one. I have no doubt by frankness and full explanations such as have now taken place between us all misapprehensions will be removed. You may rest assured all the respect due to your rank and position will be paid you while under my command.

Truly, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 4, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that no changes have taken place on my line to-day; the enemy continue working on theirs. There is and has been very little firing. Our operations are progressing favorably.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

