
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864-9.45 p.m.

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at daylight to-morrow. Further instructions will be sent you. In the contemplated movement the artillery and trains will be assembled near the bridge, and when all together to cross the bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864-11.55 p.m.

I. The following movements will take place to-morrow, 16th instant: At 4 a.m. the First and Fourth Divisions (First Division leading) will be ferried across at Wilcox's Wharf and the upper landing on the right bank.

II. The Third and Second Divisions will move so as to commence at 4 a.m., ferrying from the wharf near the pontoon bridge on this side and Wind-Mill Point, on the right bank.

III. The artillery and trains of this corps will corps the pontoon bridge; the Second Division to cross at the bridge ferry, and the trains will move by the most western of the two approaches to the bridge, or in such manner as not to interfere with the movements of the general supply trains.

IV. The artillery and trains and all wheeled vehicles belonging to this corps will move on the road past these headquarters. The artillery and trains will move to the ferry at once, as the road must be cleared at the earliest practicable moment. Division commanders will use the utmost promptness in moving their troops, so as be at the ferries at the hour above designated.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864-8 a.m.

General MEADE:

The new line has been located. Shall I take position on it at once?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 15, 1864-8.20 a.m. (Sent 8.25 a.m.)

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

Your dispatch received. Take position on the new line at once, and intrench it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

