
lost, and in order that differences of recollection as to time, dates, &amp;c., should be collected while it was yet possible to do so. Since then, however, other circumstances have arisen which have induced General Hancock to ask for an official investigation of the operations of his command on the 15th and 16th instant, and it is presumed that these papers will be considered during said investigation.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sixth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, June 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned. I did overlook the communication referred to as sent to me on the morning of the 16th, not finding a copy of it among my papers. I was certainly not present at the conversation referred to as taking place on the 16th in the presence of General Meade.

JOHN GIBBON,Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Seventh indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, June 29, 1864.

My recollection is, that on the afternoon of the 16th General Hancock called for my memorandum book and read from it the note of 12.25 a. m. of the 16th of June in the presence of General Birney and General Gibbon, there being some discussion as to the tenor of the note. After-ward, on the same day, General Hancock again called for my memorandum book and read the note referred to Major-General Meade. I believe that neither General Birney nor General Gibbon were then present.

Very respectfully,W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosures.]

C.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864.

[General GIBBON:]

GENERAL: General Birney will leave about 500 men to hold the Prince George Court-House road, where he turns to the right. Will you be kind enough to relieve them when your division passes? General Birney's officers, who have been down the road nearly to the Court-House, report nothing as far as they went.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,C. H. MORGAN.

D.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 16, 1864 - 11 a. m.

[General GIBBON:]

GENERAL: The enemy appear to be moving a great deal to our left. It is necessary that we should have our rifle-pits well constructed and

