
ant-Colonel Starr commanding - Starr's, Cumming's, and Dickson's batteries. Boggs' battalion, Major Boggs commanding - Martin's, Webb's, and Sturdivant's batteries.

VI. For the present Starr's and Boggs' battalions will report through the district commanders in whose districts they are respectively serving. The batteries now detached from the battalions as herein organized will report as heretofore until thrown with their battalions.

VII. Major General D. H. Hill, volunteer aide-de-camp, will proceed at once to Lynchburg, Va., to confer with Brigadier General F. T. Nicholls, commanding in that section for the defense of that city, and will render General Nicholls such assistance as he can, after which he will return to these headquarter. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: From scouts I learn that seven transports with troops passed up James River yesterday. I suppose they have either gone to Bermuda Hundred of were landed at City Point, to operate against Petersburg was nothing more than a reconnaissance in force, preparatory to a formidable attack. These re-enforcements arriving strengthen me in my opinion. From scouts who left Suffolk two days ago I learn that small squads of Yankees are constantly raiding through that place and the adjoining country. Their force is small. The united force of the enemy below suffolk and at Norfolk and Portsmouth does not exceed 1,000, 300 or 400 of which are cavalry, and posted between Portsmouth and Suffolk.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES DEARING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA.,In the Field, Swift Creek, Va., June 13, 1864.

Brigadier General F. T. NICHOLLS,

Commanding, &c., Lynchburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I have instructed my aide, Major General D. H. Hill, to visit Lynchburg of the purpose of conferring with you the defenses of that city. You will please furnish him with all the information you may have on the subject. You are authorized to retain him as long as you may deem his services of advantage to you in the present emergency. He will give you a true account of our condition and resources here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

