
RICHMOND, VA., June 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that up to this time my efforts to organize the Maryland Line have been fruitless. I found about fifty of Gilmor's dismounted men at Staunton, and only about thirty transferred men reported to me at Camp Maryland. They were sent from Charleston, and were men who had been confined in jail. When General Imboden was pressed in the Valley I sent this detachment of about eighty men, under Captain Stith, to join his forces. My experience goes to prove the impossibility and impracticability of forming the Maryland Line, and I would respectfully recommend that the order be revoked. I repaired to General Lee's headquarters on Saturday last to report to him, but he informed me that he had no command to give me and nothing for me to do. I now respectfully report myself t you for duty.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

As soon as a proper command can be found without a commander the claim of General Elzey will receive the attention of the President.

S. C.

General Elzey has been ordered (June 17) to report to General Brackinridge, at Lynchburg, for duty.

S. C.

CAMP, WALTHALL JUNCTION, June 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have the honor to report that I am, as I have been for the last seven months, awaiting orders from the Department; my address is Petersburg of headquarters of General Beauregard. The army regulation require officer on leave of absence to report monthly; I know of no other law, enactment, or regulation on the subject of reporting. Not being on leave of absence I did not deem it my duty to trouble the Department with gratuitous reports. I have, however, learned in ad unofficial manner that I am expected to report to you. I do so accordingly, and will continue to make reports as often as the Department may require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY DEFENSES, June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel ESHLEMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton directs me to say that your three guns at the railroad bridge will be relieved this evening by a line number of Rives from Lightfoot's battalion. He directs that you will place a

