
river, made to enfilade the enemy's forces and works on the opposite side. This brigade will move as soon as it is relieved from its present duties in the lines.

IV. The Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment is assigned to and will form a part of Colquitt's brigade.

* * * * * *

IV. Johnson's brigade will immediately report to Major-General Pickett, commanding lines in front of Bermuda Hundred Neck, to guard his right flank toward Swift Creek.

VII. Brigadier-General Dearing will report at once with the three regiments of his brigade now with him (the Fourth North Carolina, Seventh Confederate, and Sixty-second Georgia) to General W. H. F. Lee on the Jerusalem plank road, to guard and protect the Weldon railroad.

* * * * * *

XI. The Sixty-fourth Georgia Volunteers, Colquitt's brigade, on the Swift Creek lines, will be relieved from duty by a portion of Gracie's brigade, and will proceed at once to the city of Petersburg and report to Brigadier-General Wise for service as a provost guard.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR WHITE HOUSE,

June 20, 1864-9.30 a. m.

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: The batteries have not yet arrived, but I am making my dispositions to feel the enemy here and to attack if practicable. Yesterday about fifty wagons, under escort of cavalry, were sent from here to Dunkirk, to meet Sheridan, who was returning to that place when last heard from, at 6 p. m. yesterday. I think he will now move over here, unite with the force here, which is represented at about 3,000 strong, and then he will be able to join Grant. The place here is fortified but apparently not in a very formidable manner. no boats have opened on me yet. If Sheridan gets here it would be well to concentrate all the force possible so as to hem him in. This can be done with a brigade of infantry and two more batteries. Infantry can come on railroad to Meadow Bridge and march from there. If no troops can be spared I recommend that all the cavalry on the Chickahominy be held ready to unite with me promptly, so as to enable me to strike him as he moves. My command is suffering for forage and many of my horses are broken down. Will you oblige me by informing General Lee of position of Sheridan. All news shall be sent forward.

Very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

NEAR TUNSTALL'S, June 20, 1864-10 p. m.

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: Finding the approaches to the works at the White House commanded by the gun-boat, I made no assault upon them except with artillery. There was a very large wagon train there which crossed the river, moved toward Laneville, and returned this afternoon. Sheridan

