
JUNE 21, 1864-9 P. M.

Major General G. E. PICKETT:

Colonel Maury reports about 2,500 of the enemy at Mrs. Grover's, 3 p. m.; pickets the Kingsland road; are fortifying and obstructing the roads.

H. HETH,

Major-General.

[JUNE 21, 1864.]

Brigadier General JOHN GREGG,

Via Chaffin's Bluff:

Telegram received. Endeavor to ascertain reported movement of the enemy, as also their strength and of what composed.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,Petersburg, Va., June 21, 1864.

Major General C. W. Field,

Commanding Division:

From information received from prisoners it is believed that the enemy's skirmish fire ceases or slackens just at the time of night when he is making his reliefs. I am directed to suggest that whenever this occurs our own fire should be continued, or even increased, it being possible that some damage may in this way be inflicted upon the enemy's relieving parties and his skirmishers as they come out of their pits.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Kershaw.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA.,Petersburg, Va., June 21, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding C. S. Armies, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 16th instant, requesting me to inform you at what hour last night (15th) I ordered Major-General Johnston to evacuate the lines across Bermuda Hundred Neck, at what hour during the night he made the movement, what force was ordered to replace him and whether I informed General R. E. Lee of the movement, if so, at what hour, and by what channel of communication, also whether any guns or other military stores were left by General Johnson's command, was not received by me until the evening of the 19th instant, else it would have met with an earlier acknowledgment.

In reply thereto I have the honor to submit that on the morning of the 15th instant the force under my command for the immediate defense of Petersburg consisted of Wise's brigade, some artillery, two

