
regiments of Dearing's cavalry, and a few militia. During the night of the 14th I received from you the following dispatch:

RICHMOND, June 14, 1864-9.10 p. m.

General BEAUREGARD:

General Lee reports Grant has abandoned his depot on the York and moved to James River, he supposes about McClellan's old base at Harrison's Landing Lee is on a line from Malvern Hill to White Oak Swamp. He has sent hoke's division to Drewry's Bluff, with a view to re-enforce you in case Petersburg is threatened.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

On its receipt the following order was immediately sent to Major-General Hoke:
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VIRGINIA,June 14, 1864.

Major General R. F. HOKE,

Drewry's Bluff:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you move at once, as rapidly as possible, with your division, to Petersburg, leaving one brigade at Walthall Junction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Early on the morning of the 15th I advised you in several dispatches that the enemy had been strongly re-enforced, that Dearing's pickets had been driven in, and that the enemy was moving in force toward the Baxter and Jerusalem plank road, and asked for re-enforcements. I also added that the time had arrived when an election must be made between the lines of Bermuda Neck and Petersburg. With my small force it was an impossibility to hold both. at 7 a. m. of the 15th I sent you the following dispatch:

SWIFT CREEK, VA., June 15, 1864-7 a. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Return of Butler's force sent to grant, and arrival of later at Harrison's Landing renders my position more critical than ever; if not re-enforced immediately enemy could force my line at Bermuda Hundred Neck, capture Battery, Dantzler, now nearly ready, or take Petersburg, before any troops from Lee's army or Drewry's Bluff could arrive in time. Can anything be done in the mater?

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Battery Dantzler was a new battery of heavy guns at Howlett's Hill and formed the extreme left of our lines in front of Bermuda. At 1 p. m. I sent you and General R. E. Lee the following telegraphic

dispatch:

SWIFT CREEK, Va., June 15, 1864- 1 p. m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Hoke's division is ordered to Petersburg; hope it will get there in time. I will hold lines of Bermuda Hundred Neck as long as practicable, but I may have to re-enforce Hoke with Johnson's division, when lines would be lost. I advise sending forth with another strong division to intersection of turnpike and railroad near Port Walthall Junction.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

Telegraph operator will send a copy of this dispatch to General R. E. Lee.

