
and skirmishers to hold the lines until 6 a. m. of the 16th. At the time of the evacuation no information had been received that re-enforcements would be sent to refill these lines. The heavy guns, carriages, and chassis at Fort Dantzler were buried by Major-General Johnston, and were recovered on the reoccupation of lines, having been undisturbed and uninjured by the enemy.

About 4 a. m. of the 16th a dispatch was received from General R. E. Lee that a division was on its way to replace Major-General Johnston. A staff officer was immediately sent to General Johnson with this information, and instructions to hold the lines as long as possible. The promised division not arriving in time our pickets and skirmishers were driven in early on the morning of the 16th.

The result of the concentration of my forces was the successful defense of that place (Petersburg) against repeated and persistent assaults, which were immediately afterward made by the enemy with largely superior numbers.

The foregoing simple narrative of the course of events contains, I believe, answers to all the inquiries embraced in your letter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND SOUTHERN VA.,Numbers 29. June 21, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Ransom's brigade, Johnson's division, will at once report to Major-General Hoke, to relieve colquitt's brigade from duty in the trenches. Colquitt's on being relieved will report to Major-General Johnson. The exchange is temporary.

By command of General beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 22, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Since Friday last there has been skirmishing along the lines

in front of Bermuda Hundred and around Petersburg. The Federal army appears to be concentrated at these two places and is strongly entrenched. Yesterday a movement of infantry, cavalry, and artillery was made toward the right of our forces at Petersburg in the direction of the Weldon railroad. The enemy was driven back, and his infantry is reported to have halted. His cavalry have continued to advance upon the road by a route farther removed from our position. The enemy's infantry was attacked this afternoon on the west side of the Jerusalem plank road and driven from his first line of works to his second on that road by General Mahone with a part of his division. About 1,600 prisoners, 4 pieces of artillery, 8 stand of colors, and a large number of small-arms were captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

