HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June 25, 1864-9 p. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Our entire loss yesterday morning was 97 killed and wounded and 209 missing. Nothing of moment has occurred to-day on the lines in front of Bermuda Hundred and around Petersburg. General Hampton reports that the enemy's cavalry advanced yesterday to Nance's Shop and entrenched themselves there. He attacked them and drove them from their works, pursuing them until 9 p. m. to within two miles of Charles City Court-House. They left their dead and wounded on the field and along the route. Great credit is due to General Hampton and his command for their handsome success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., June 25, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: We are suffering here very serious inconveniences from the retention in the defenses of the local forces. Their absence greatly impairs the vigor of administration in almost every department of the Government, and the heads of all the administrative branches are urgent for their recall or numerous details. There is likewise a necessary demand for adequate guards in the city, especially in view of the augmenting number of prisoners being received, who cannot, under present circumstances, be sent away. In looking about to find substitutes for the local defense men and the supply of such guards it has seemed to me that many of the dismounted cavalrymen, or of those who have been sent back with their horses to recruit, might be temporarily detached and used in our defenses. A comparatively small number might be left in charger of the horses, and would be, if attentive, amply sufficient to their care. I am informed there are several camps in the neighborhood of the city and in the surrounding country where there are considerable numbers of such dismounted cavalry, literally doing nothing, whom on every account it would be desirable to employ. I have not been willing to make any order or even suggestion on the subject without first bringing the matter to your notice; but with your approval, I think considerable relief could be afforded here by the use of these unemployed cavalrymen.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., June 25, 1864.

GENERAL: In view of the imperative necessity which must exist for a supply of railroad iron to repair or open lines, I have considered the propriety of at once taking up the iron remaining on the York River

