HEADQUARTERS,June 25, 1864.

Major General G. E. PICKETT, Commanding:

GENERAL: No change in my front as to position or number of the enemy. Probably about 2,000 on this side, strongly entrenched on river-bank and supported by two or more gun-boast. The object appears to be to hold the position on this side, said to be a favorable one for us. Sheridan, I believe, is crossing James River. When Sheridan's position is fixed my two brigades will return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. HETH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF RICHMOND,June 25, 1864.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your note is just to hand. The 200 reserves have not yet reported. They will enable me to open Belle Isle and guard it with 150 men; the remaining 50 men will be used to relieve a part of the militia guard at the Libby. This arrangement, if the emergency is great, may enable me to guard the prisoners for a few days; but as the guard under this arrangement cannot be relieved, i will absolutely need the 400 men asked for in my communication of 24th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. M. GARDNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PHILIPS' HOUSE, June 25, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the enemy moved up to Nance's Shop yesterday, entrenching themselves in that position. I attacked them there, and after a stubborn fight routed them completely and pursued them to within three miles of Charles City Court-House. The pursuit continued until 9 o'clock, my men, mounted and dismounted, constantly charging their works and always carrying them. Nothing saved them from destruction but the darkness. their dead and wounded are along the whole distance. No report of the number of prisoners captured has yet reached me, but it will exceed, perhaps, largely, 100. Amongst them are officers of various grades, from colonel down. Gregg's division was the one engaged. Sheridan brought with him some infantry, and he was met by a brigade, so prisoners state, at Charles City Court-House. I beg to express my entire satisfaction at the conduct of officers and men. Colonel Gary, with part of his brigade, was with me and contributed largely to the success achieved. My loss is slight considering the character of the fighting. Prisoners say Sheridan's destination is Harrison's Landing. He now occupies the old works at Westover and my pickets close to them. As soon as it is ascertained that he has crossed James River I shall move across pontoon bridge to join you. If any opportunity offers to strike the enemy again it shall be embraced. A full report shall be forwarded as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

