
entirely on what has reached me from authoritative sources in reference to my assignment to this command, and that I do not ask for anything not determined on in the proper quarter.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. BASINGER,

Major, Commanding, &amp;c.

[Memorandum.]

JUNE 28, 1864.

Answer. Major Basinger's views are appreciated, and will be acted on. the indefiniteness of his orders and the somewhat embarrassing nature of his position are likewise recognized, but have been allowed to continue, partly from the confidence reposed in him and partly because the President has in contemplation the assignment of a brigadier to command the whole line, but has been unable yet to make a satisfactory selection.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[First indorsement.]

JUNE 28, 1864.

ENGINEER BUREAU:

The pertinency and force of Major basinger's views are appreciated, and it will be necessary that a small earth-work should be constructed at Flat Creek as at Mattoax bridge and a force adequate for a short siege stationed there. Take the proper measures for construction.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

July 4, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the honorable Secretary of War.

Instructions have been given to Mr. De Nordendorf, who constructed the works at Mattoax, to locate a redoubt and a military road for the defense of Flat Creek bridge, and as soon as laborers can be furnished the construction will be commenced. The duplication of this bridge, which will be ordered as soon as the railroad is repaired, will not render its defense a matter of first-class importance, however.

A. L. RIVES,

Colonel and Acting Chief Engineer Bureau.
HEADQUARTERS,June 26, 1864.

Colonel T. M. R. TALCOTT,

Engineer Regiment, near Chaffin's Bluff.

Be prepared to move with your regiment, except companies of pontoniers, to Danville road. Assist in repairing it. Secretary of War will direct you whom and where to report. Pontoniers to report to General Smith.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

