HEADQUARTERS,June 26, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No change in my front. No indications of the enemy crossing to increase his force on this side.

H. HETH,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND SOUTH. VA.,Numbers 32. June 26, 1864.

I. The following is announced as the organization of the artillery of this department and the assignment of field officers of the same:

Branch's battalion: Lieutenant-Colonel Branch, Major Coit-Pegram's, Bradford's, Wright's, and Kelly's batteries.

Read's battalion: Major Read-Blount's, Macon's, Stribling's and Caskie's batteries.

Moseley's battalion: Major Moseley, Major Caskie-Miller's, Slaten's Young's, and Andrew's batteries.

Starr's battalion: Lieutenant-Colonel Starr-Starr's, Cumming's, Dickson's, and Adams' batteries.

Bogg's battalion: Major Boggs-Martin's, Sturdivant's, and Webb's batteries.

II. The artillery specially assigned to districts will operate generally under orders from the district commander, supervised by their respective chiefs of artillery. The chief of artillery of the department shall have, however, control of the whole under the direction of the commanding general. in all cases reports, requisitions, and other official papers will pass through the artillery officers to the general chief of artillery and through him to general headquarters. The artillery will be distributed by the chief, under direction of the general commanding, as the exigencies of the service may require.

III. Batteries now separated from their battalions will report as now until they are thrown together with their commands.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[WILMINGTON, N. C.,] June 26, 1864.

Colonel JACKSON,

Magnolia:

Leave one company of cavalry on your lines. Come here by railroad with Company A, Fortieth [North Carolina] Regiment, and Company A, Tenth [North Carolina] Battalion, and order one company of your cavalry to take the shortest route here,and to use all dispatch. Come yourself, leaving Major Moore in command.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General

