
the use of the slave force at Drewry's Bluff to work at night for completion of battery. Captain Mason says thirty of forty can be spared after Wednesday for a few days.

E. E. MASON,

First Lieutenant, Engineers.

RICHMOND, June 27, 1864.

Captain C. T. MASON:

Can you have Colonel Talcott informed that the Secretary of War has ordered the engineer troops, except the pontoon companies, to proceed to Danville road via Richmond. the orders will be sent on the train which will bring the regiment up.

A. L. RIVES,

Colonel and Acting Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS,June 27, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR:

All quiet in my front. I think if Cooke's and Davis' brigades are not that they might be now ordered back. The enemy evinces no disposition to advance or increase his force on this side. General G. W. C. Lee thinks he can hold Chaffin's Bluff with his force and Gary's cavalry until re-enforcements could be sent him. General Ewell will be down to-day and I will consult with him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HETH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, June 27, 1864.

General LOUIS HEBERT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Smithville:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send you some information which is important, and I believe reliable. Major Norman S. Walker, agent in Bermuda, just in, confirms it. This will explain the absolute necessity of at least making a show of resistance at Masonborough and the orders of yesterday. I have telegraphed everywhere for aid. Have been compelled to bring Jackson down from Kenansville with his two companies. As you may suppose I am greatly exercised. I wish you would put all your available working force on strengthening Fort Fisher, especially against sudden assault. That is greatly to be feared with the great extent of the works and the smallness of the garrison. The last exploit of Cushing is pretty strong, pas trop fort. What do you think can be done? Can you get any help from the navy? I shall have to have a guard for my house in town. He says he was up here three weeks ago. If you have any advice or plan to give me let me hear.

Yours, truly,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

