HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1864-8.20 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

The rations had been unloaded and started for the camp before I got the answer, and, in fact, before I sent my dispatch to you, and they have succeeded in distributing them very well. The column has been in motion for some time. I think it is possible that I may have to halt the general wagon train farther from the bridge than I indicated this afternoon as it is difficult to travel with two columns at night. Can I have authority to halt the trains at a proper place? They do not interfere with the troops thus far.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Near Cole's Ferry, Va., June 15, 1864.

Brigadier General E. FERRERO,

Commanding Fourth Division, Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of the order of march which, I think, furnishes you all the necessary information. I have sent forward 400 dismounted cavalry on the Charles City road, via blacksmith shop, with orders to picket all the roads leading to the right. General Ingalls says it is reported that a band of forty guerrillas are on our right, but I do not understand whether they are on this or the other side of the river. The Second Corps were ferried across the James yesterday at Wilcox's Wharf. A bridge is being constructed across at Douthat's. Many thanks for your 300 men; they did excellent service. I have requested the officer in charge to remain in his present position and protect the corduroy until you come up. I push on to find headquarters, they were at Charles City Court-House, as I was ordered to send his ammunition train to that place. The Sixth Corps is now passing. I expect the Sixth, Fifth, and Second Corps trains will all be across the bridge by 3 p.m. if there are no accidents. I have sent instructions to bring all the trains as near this point as possible, so that your line may be shortened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. PEIRCE,

Assistant Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Charles City Court-House, Va., June 15, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

McIntosh,at 8.45, had met some slight force of the enemy on the road from Nancy's to Carter's Mill-Pond; has pushed out well toward White Oak, meeting scouting parties in that direction, and has a fore on the Long Bridge road. No indication of the enemy moving in this direction. Colonel Chapman writes, 9.45 a.m., from Haxall's:

I have advanced three regiments and a section of artillery to Turkey Creek, and find the enemy's pickets there. I am informed that the enemy's cavalry occupy Malvern Hill in considerable force and have intrenched themselves; also that the enemy's

