
Third. As Gracie moves out of trenches Elliott and Wise will close to their left on Ransom.

Fourth. As soon as closed Colonel Faison shall notify General Clingman of the fact, who will commence moving out of trenches by his left flank to relieve Anderson's brigade on the left of Hoke's line.

Fifth. Ransom, Elliott, and Wise will follow (moving by the left flank in the trenches) the rear of Clingman's brigade until Ransom's left shall have reached Martin's or Gracie's right in the lines, when they will assume their positions in the line.

Sixth. Wise's brigade will then move out of the lines to his position in the reserve, where the regiment of ransom's brigade now in reserve will join it.

Seventh. Field's division will close to the left on Elliott's right.

Eighth. If at any time during the movement the enemy should make an attack the troops in motion will immediately halt where they are and defend their lines until all is quiet and then resume the movement.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

RICHMOND, VA., June 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. WALKER,

Lynchburg, Va.:

It is particularly desired by the authorities here that an officer of rank and distinction should be charged with controlling the defenses of the Danville road. You have been by the authorities for this duty. Let me know if you are prepared for the detail.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, June 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General HEBERT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Smithville:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I advise that you consult the flag officer as to the best mode of some action to be taken to prevent a repetition of the boat expeditions of the enemy, or at any rate to capture them. Something must be done. I suggest that, as no doubt the enemy will attempt this again, that several times a week the Yadkin or the tug examine the river between the Drum Shoals and the chain obstruction, having the two launches in tow with a well-armed crew for the purpose of search. In the daytime the enemy would undoubtedly attempt to secrete themselves. Moat's Creek, on the east bank, is the place where they lay the other night. On the west bank, Big Island, Town Creek, and Brunswick River, and perhaps the rice-field ditches, might be examined. You could send a party in a steamer to examine Snow's Marsh and the creek in that vicinity. I will direct land parties to patrol for the same purpose, when the naval party, should they discover anything, might announce it by raising two smokes or by any convenient mode. One thing is certain, unless some efficient system is carried out our communications and even our small steamers will be in constant danger. The vessels at quarantine also will be in great danger of destruction. In this respect you will do well to direct all vessels for quarantine,

