
will require more time for reparation than, I trust, will prove the case. The enemy will be more surely deluded by a mistaken impression of the public on the subject. Besides, I lost time in taking active measures to procure such supplies as could be drawn from all farmers along the lines of communication open on the north side, and in urging the early threshing of the incoming crop. They will be made more willing to afford such supplies and more active in getting out and forwarding their wheat by the belief that there must be serious delay in repairing the road. I shall be greatly disappointed if the measures taken do not enable me to afford supplies for the economical use of the army should the time required for reparation greatly exceed expectation.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DUNN'S HILL,

Near Petersburg, June 29, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: General Hampton reports that he attacked the enemy's cavalry yesterday afternoon on their return from Staunton River bridge this side of Sappony Church, and drove them beyond that point. The fight continued during the night, and at daylight this morning he turned their left and routed them. When they reached Ream's station they were confronted by a portion of Mahone's division, who attacked them in front, while their left flank was turned by General Fitz. Lee's cavalry. The enemy was completely routed, and several pieces of artillery, with a number of prisoners, wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., captured. The cavalry are in pursuit.

R. E. LEE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 152. Richmond, June 30, 1864.

* * * * * *

V. Captain John C. Rutherford, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Brigadier General W. M. Gardner, commandant post, Richmond, Va., for assignment to duty.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,June-, 1864-12.30 p. m.

[Lieutenant General A. P. HILL:?]

GENERAL: I have received your note of 11 a. m. I am glad that you are able to make the disposition of the troops you propose, as it meets my views, as expressed in a former note to you. Now that you have your troops in a line, I hope you will strengthen it as much as possible and hold it. I have little fear of your ability to maintain your position if our men do as they generally do. The time has arrived, in my opinion,

