
when something more is necessary than adhering to lines and defensive positions. We shall be obliged to go out and prevent the enemy from selecting such positions as he chooses. If he is allowed to continue that course we shall last be obliged to take refuge behind the works of Richmond and stand a siege, which would be but a work of time. You must be prepared to fight him in the field, to prevent him taking positions such as he desires,a d I expect the co-operation of all the corps commanders in the course which necessity now will oblige us to pursue. It is for this purpose that I desire the corps to be kept together and as strong as possible, and that our absentees will be brought forward and every attention given to refreshing and preparing the men for battle. Their arms and ammunition should be looked to and cooked provisions provided ahead.

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S. - I am anxious to get recommendations to fill the vacancies in the different commands in your corps.

R. E. L.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,June 30, 1864.

Major General J. B. KERSHAW,

Commanding Division:

You will probably not be called on to move this evening. The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will have your division at the intersection of the Petersburg and Weldon Railroad with the line of fortifications to-morrow morning at 3 o'clock. Mahone's division will move at 2 o'clock, and you will follow it. The point above named is indicated by Lieutenant-General Hill, from whom you will receive orders on the spot. Make all necessary preparations of ammunition, &amp;c., as you will probably become engaged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,June 30, 1864.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 16, department headquarters, i submit the following report:

Gracie's brigade relieved Martin's brigade early last night. the former occupies our works between Colquitt's brigade and the Norfolk railroad; General Gracie reports the "trenches very poorly constructed; too narrow and not sufficiently deep; that there are also some very dangerous points where the enemy have a plunging fire into our ditches." There was not room enough in the lines for the whole of Gracie's brigade, and the Fifty-ninth Alabama Regiment, about 250 effective has been retired to the rear of the railroad.

The work in the rear of Pegram's battery has been very well advanced since yesterday, and is now in a condition to give increased strength to our line, though not completed. Brigadier-General Elliott reports that he can employ but about 100 men. I will therefore be able to furnish a detail for fatigue duty on the left, if necessary to strengthen

