
infantry have moved, or are moving, off to or toward Drewry's Bluff. I took a prisoner belonging to Pickett's division at his house. He says he left his division this morning about a mile from Malvern, and that they were under orders to move to Drewry's Bluff. I will endeavor to ascertain more in regard to the enemy at Malvern.

I am in close connection now with my entire force and will keep you advised of all they report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, June 15, 1864-12.45 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Colonel Chapman has taken a prisoner near Malvern Hill, who reports Pickett's division one mile from Malvern and under orders for Drewry's Bluff. The man was taken at Pickett's place and left his division early this morning.

J. H. WILSON,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, June 15, 1864-7.45 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The enemy's infantry attacked Colonel McIntosh at about 3.30 p.m on the Richmond road, beyond Smith's, and forced him to retire. He was not pursued. Late accounts from the front report everything quiet. McIntosh, with his main force, at Saint Mary's Church; Colonel Chapman at Phillips'. The following is an extract from Colonel Chapman's latest report, 6.30 p.m.:

From facts already reported and from such information as I have from the men of my command, I am well satisfied that the enemy are or were moving to Richmond, or some point on James River above Malvern. Some force of the enemy followed me back a couple of miles, but I have heard nothing of them for an hour.

This is the third day and night that my men have been out and my horses kept saddled. The commanding officers report considerable suffering of men and animals. I have therefore the honor to request that I may be permitted to withdraw both brigades closer to the lines to-morrow morning, for the purpose of giving them at least a day's rest before crossing the James.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Charles City Court-House, June 15, 1864-9.40 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Three prisoners have just been brought in, one captured at Crenshaw's house, belonging to Pickett's division, the other two from Gary's

