
to haul sills, &amp;c., for repairs. i can, probably, command from the more distant counties (where threshing may be delayed) temporarily more mules and horses than suitable wagons. As many wagons and ambulances were captured from the enemy, I hope will be able to spare a considerable number of them, and they, likewise, may be placed, if you approve, under the charge of Lieutenant Dade. The signal retribution visited on these cavalry marauders has caused the liveliest satisfaction, and will be received by the whole country with admiration and grateful appreciation of the skill and valor which have accomplished it.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 2, 1864.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

GENERAL: Your note of 29th ultimo has just been received. In reply to your letter of the 28th I expressed the opinion that General Whiting was too weak. I think it would be best, therefore, to let the two battalions of which you speak remain at Wilmington. With regard to Goldsborough, it is just as important to preserve the connection there as at Weldon. I do not know what force is there, or what force the enemy has at New Berne, though I think the latter is small. You must judge yourself of the necessity of re-enforcing any particular point in the line of connection. Commanding officers at posts should keep themselves thoroughly advised of the strength and movements of any portion of the enemy's forces which may be near enough to threaten them, and to avoid false alarms and exaggerated estimates of such forces, keeping at the same time constantly on the alert, and strengthening their positions at the various bridges and other points of importance in every practicable way.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 154. Richmond, July 2, 1864.

* * * * *

XXXII. Captain W. H. Whitner, assistant adjutant-general, will report to General R. E. Lee, commanding Army of Northern Virginia, for assignment to duty with Major General B. R. Johnson.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND SOUTH. VA.,Numbers 35. July 2, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Major R. C. M. Page, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., having reported pursuant to paragraph V, Special Orders, Numbers 153, headquarters Department of Northern Virginia, is assigned to the command of Moseley's battalion artillery.

