
III. Major E. F. Moseley, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby relieved from the command of Moseley's battalion, and will proceed at once to Wilmington, N. C., and make a thorough inspection of the artillery of the Third Military District. He will report the result of his observations to Colonel H. P. Jones, chief of artillery.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 3, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Richmond:

SIR: Your letter of the 25th instant [ultimo] with reference to employing the dismounted cavalry as guards, &amp;c., at Richmond, to replace the Locals, was referred to General Hampton for his views on the subject. I cannot recommend the plan suggested by you. The dismounted men would be removed from their commands would be found unmanageable and of little service. All of them, except such as are with the horses in the rear, or unfit for duty, are rendering good service with the army, and I think it desirable that they should be retained. Since your letter was written I have understood that the Locals have been ordered back to Richmond, and I hope the inconvenience experienced from their absence no longer exists.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 4, 1864.

General R. E. LEE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 3rd instant, informing me that after reference to General Hampton you conclude not to recommend the temporary employment of the dismounted cavalry in the defenses of the city. While your former letter in answer to my suggestions of such employment did not oppose the plan, yet seemed to me to indicate some repugnance on your part to it, and consequently I did not proceed to carry it into effect. i acquiesce readily in the force and weight of your opinions, and now that it has been deemed sage to recall the local troops my main inducement to this recommendation is remove.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 155. Richmond, July 4, 1864.

* * * * *

XII. Major R. H. Turner, quartermaster, will report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &c., for assignment to duty as quartermaster of Brigadier-General Corse's brigade, to relieve Major G. W. Crane, quartermaster.

* * * * *

