
XXI. Captain E. H. lane, assistant quartermaster, will report to General G. T. Beauregard, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty with Colonel H. P. Jones, chief of artillery, &c.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. N. PENDLETON,

Commanding Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I this day inspected McGregor's battery, Stuart horse artillery, which was detached at the time of my last inspection and not included in the report. The condition of the battery does not materially differ from that of the rest of the battalion. The horses are broken down by severe marching, and many of them are badly galled on back and shoulders; but they are evidently improving from the rest, and I think will be fit in a few days for active service again, unless movements are uncommonly rapid and arduous. These and the horses of the battalion generally are excellent animals and only require rest. They are properly groomed and get full feed of oats and about five pounds of corn. Captain McGregor is using all his available transportation to haul oats.

The guns and ammunition are in good order; the harness and accouterments, especially the saddles and bridles of the cannoneers, in bad order. The saddles were originally of the bad Jennifer pattern and being now nearly won out are ruinous to the horses. All articles of this description were inspected and condemned and a certificate left for Lieutenant Boteler, ordnance officer, who will be able to procure the excellent new saddle of the Alleghany pattern now made by the Ordnance Department, and such harness, &c., as are needed to supply deficiencies. Thomason's and hart's batteries have moved with the quartermaster's train to a point on the Dinwiddie Court-House road about ten miles from Petersburg. McGregor's battery will probably move to the same place to-day or to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers ESTEN COOKE,

Captain and Assistant Inspector-General.

JULY 4, 1864-2.20 a.m.

[General ANDERSON:]

GENERAL: Two of General Johnson's brigade commanders report a movement of the enemy from their left (the enemy's) to their right in his (Johnson's) front. the movement is continued and attended with the rumbling of artillery or wagons. The general wishes to know if you can discover any movement or change in your front, and wishes you to have Kershaw and whatever other troops you have out of the trenches prepared to move promptly.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

