HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I desire you to send me a report as soon as possible to-day of the exact condition of things along the lines occupied by your troops, the number of the enemy at the different points of the line, especially the salients, whether the enemy has advanced his lines nearer to ours since you first occupied the lines or is now advancing them, and if he has advanced them or is advancing them, whether it is by regular approaches. i wish to know also what has been done on our lines to strengthen and in constructing covered ways and other conveniences for the comfort and health of the men, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

I have written to General Pickett for a report.

R. E. L.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-General ANDERSON,

Commanding:

GENERAL: A note from General Beauregard just received states that he is informed " that General Anderson has an attack to make on his front, similar to the one in front of Elliott" (Johnson's division). I had not heard that a necessity existed for an attack to drive the enemy back in your front, and desire you to explain what is meant by General Beauregard.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: It necessary for us to keep our whole force in readiness to meet the enemy at whatever point he may attack, and we are not strong enough to permit the permanent detachment of any part of it. I desire, therefore, that you will, if possible, make such arrangements as to enable you, should it become necessary, to watch the enemy below Chaffin's with the troops about city and leave the two brigades now stationed near the former place, under General Conner, at liberty to move to support our forces at bermuda Hundred or Petersburg whenever they may be needed. I do not wish them to be depended upon for the permanent occupation of the trenches at Chaffin's. I think it will be advantageous to exchange Johnson's brigade for the Sixtieth Alabama Regiment, now on duty at New Market Hill, by which means the regiment will be restored to its proper command and the brigade be enabled to recruit its ranks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

