HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,July 4, 1864.

Colonel BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: If the movement contemplated on the enemy's line in front of Pegram's battery is to be made to-night will it not be necessary that the plans be announced from general headquarters. The movement involves perhaps the co-operation of the whole line. Through Colonel Paul I am advised that another mortar has arrived which las yet to be placed in position to play upon the enemy's works in front of Pegram's battery. I have directed Lieutenant Postell to have the chambers constructed for it. Lieutenant Elliott, engineer, on my right, reports about ten yards of our second line in rear of Pegram's battery yet to be opened to afford passage for troops and admit of its being occupied throughout. These are the only preparations now required on my line in order that everything shall be completed for the movement, unless, indeed, the two additional guns in the new battery be deemed essential. If it is deemed proper we can make the movement in our present condition.

Respectfully,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,July 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SORREL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I cannot learn that anything important has taken place in my front. I have just been looking at the enemy's lines. They are full of men with numerous flags flying. Skirmish firing has almost cease, and both sides are visible to each other. In fine, the enemy are still in force in my front, but quiet. bands playing, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

C. W. FIELD,

Major-General.

JULY 4, 1864.

Mr. C. C. DE NORDENDORF,

Assistant Engineer, in Charge Mattoax Bridge Defenses,

Richmond and Danville Railroad:

SIR: Your report of the 27th ultimo, in regard to the progress of operations for the defense of Mattoax bridge, has been received, read with satisfaction, and a synopsis of its contents submitted to the honorable Secretary of War. Your suggestions in regard to the defense of Flat Creek bridge have been approved, and you were instructed by telegram on the receipt of your report to make the preparatory studies with a view to locating a small redoubt and a military road at that point. The difficulty of procuring negro labor, which has seriously but unavoidably delayed your progress at Mattox will, it is hoped, be less after the wheat crop shall have been harvested. In case of necessity I will endeavor to obtain from the honorable Secretary of War an order for the co-operation of the military forces in your vicinity. I have applied to the honorable Secretary for authority to have turned over to return in kind the amount borrowed by you from the farmers for the

