
brigade of mounted infantry. I have carefully examined them. They confirm in every way the reports previously sent to you in regard to the enemy's movements. It seems they discovered our movement about sunrise day before yesterday, and began moving about 10 a.m., crossing White Oak Swamp at various points, as high up as Jack Fish's; moved to Central road, and thence down on the road to Malvern Hill. There must have been parts of each of the corps, if not the entire army of Lee. The line occupied extended from a point about a mile northwest of Dr. J. H. Mellert's, between Western Run and the one which comes down still west of Malvern, to or toward White Oak Swamp. Their troops appear to have remained in position all day yesterday and to have marched this morning, in whole or in part, to Chaffin's and Drewry's Bluff, and probably Richmond. Fitzhugh Lee is reported to have come down over Turkey Run and by Phillips' yesterday evening. McIntosh has just sent in word. No disturbance of any kind at Saint Mary's or vicinity. No enemy moving in any direction that he can discover.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

BERMUDA, June 15, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Have just arrived. Will make headquarters at City Point. Have you any news from Petersburg? No rations arrived yet for Hancock. I started him, however, this morning on the road to Petersburg, with directions to stop at Harrison's Creek, unless he should receive other orders. Rations must now be sent for him by wagons as soon as possible to Harrison's Creek. Thirty thousand will do, but double that will be better. I await answer.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

I answered [at 12 m.] General Butler at lookout. Will forward dispatch to him. Rations were sent down the river to Hancock. Will forward more to him at once by land. Nothing heard here from Smith.

J. W. S[HAFFER],

Chief of Staff.

BERMUDA, June 15, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

Say to General Butler as fast as General Meade's army crosses the river they will march up to Harrison's Creek. One of the pontoon bridges has been laid and in use since 1 o'clock this morning. Nothing, however, is crossing yet but wagons and artillery, and will not until they are all over unless there should be a necessity.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

