
CITY POINT, VA., June 15, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c., or

Major-General SMITH:

The Second Corps, 28,000 strong, was directed to march this morning on the direct road from Wind-Mill Point to Petersburg, stopping at Harrison's Creek, in the absence of further orders. I have not yet heard a word of the result of the expedition against Petersburg, but still hearing firing in that direction, and seeing indications of the enemy moving from the north to the south side of James River, I have sent back orders to hurry up this corps. If you require it, send back to General Hancock, under cover to General Gibbon, with directions for him to read, and the corps will push forward with all speed.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

BERMUDA HUNDRED, June 15, 1864-3.40 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Lieutenant-General Grant wishes to know if you have heard from General Smith.

F. T. DENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[JUNE 15, 1864.]

[Lieutenant-Colonel DENT:]

I have not. Two of my staff have gone with a squadron of cavalry to communicate with him; will telegraph at once on hearing.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Near Point of Rocks, Va., June 15, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I have been watching the progress upon Petersburg at the lookout. There has been pretty sharp fighting, and I could see the enemy withdrawing on one part of the line and our forces advancing, but further I could not see. Smith must have at least 15,000 men with him, besides cavalry and four batteries of artillery. I cannot conceive of any more force being needed, but if Hancock advances to Harrison's Creek, if I understand the place being the creek that enters into the Appomattox above Port Walthall, he will be within one mile of Smith's point of attack and can afford aid. Nothing has passed down the railroad since morning, nor nothing last night that my lookout could determine, so up to this there are no re-enforcements save those that have gone from my front, if any, but they have not been seen to go down the turnpike, which our lookout commands. The signal officer on the right of our line reports that a could of dust has been along the road during an hour and a half between Chaffin's farm and Richmond, indicating the march of a body of troops there, they apparently taking the course to the river. The signal officer further reports that there is a long line

