
GENERAL BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, June 15, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

In your dispatch you informed me that Hancock had been ordered to Harrison's Creek. If you will look upon the map compiled in the Bureau of the Topographical Engineers, Washington, 1861, with additions and corrections, by Captain H. L. Abbot, you will see that Harrison's Creek runs into the Appomattox across the City Point railroad about four miles from Petersburg. This is the only Harrison's Creek I know. My messenger, returning from General Smith, says that General Hancock's corps is at Bailey's Creek, about five or six miles in the rear of the position on Harrison's Creek. I have ordered the wagon train with the rations out there under an escort of two squadrons of cavalry, and with your leave I will order Hancock's corps to advance to Smith, whom I have just heard has not been able yet to carry the interior line of the enemy's works. I would desire Hancock to move up in view of the possible re-enforcement of the enemy during the night. The boat that brings this to City Point will wait answer.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., June 15, 1864-8.15 p.m.

Major-General BULTER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

Your dispatch received. Order Hancock up as you suggest. I have ordered General Meade to cross another army corps and to direct them to march all night toward Petersburg. This order was sent about 3 p.m. I think they will be up with General Smith by 10 a.m. to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near Point of Rocks, June 15, 1864-8.45 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

General Smith's aide reports to me that at 7.25 General Smith carried the line of defenses near Jordan's, before which General Gillmore paused, and is pushing forward for the river. These are believed to be the only line of defenses to Petersburg, at least they were so ten days ago. I have sent a note to General Hancock in the following words.*

While writing the above have received your dispatch and have added to General Hancock's dispatch the following words: "General Grant directs me to order you up."

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Butler to Hancock, 8.30 p.m., p. 60.

---------------

