SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,No. 141 1/2. June 13, 1864.

The following movements will take place at 8 p.m. to-day: General Ayres, to be followed by General Griffin, will set out for Saint Mary's Church, withdrawing the pickets as the rear of their column leaves the present position. Guide will be furnished over the route, and they will take with them the artillery, ambulances, and other wagons they have with them now. The same will be some by General Crawford, followed by General Wilson's cavalry, over a route that a guide will be furnished for. On arriving at Saint Mary's Church, if the road farther on is found obstructed with troops or trains, the troops will be massed at that point until the road is clear. Divisions will have precedence of road in the following order, after leaving Saint Mary's Church: General Cutler, General Ayres, General Griffin, and General Crawford, and General Wilson. Each division commander will take every precaution to drive up stragglers, and troops must be given to understand that all left behind will undoubtedly fall into the hands of the enemy. Headquarters of the corps will be at Saint Mary's Church until the corps passes that point. Division commanders will report their arrival at the church.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 13, 1864-6.30 p.m

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will probably move about dusk. More definite instructions will be sent you. Have everything hitched up and ready to move. It will be time enough to withdraw the men on picket when the column begins to move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 13, 1864-1.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General CUTLER,Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: Your division, accompanied by four batteries from Colonel Wainwright's brigade, will follow immediately after the wagon trains to protect them. You will take the road from Long Bridge to Saint Mary's [or Salem] Church, Walker's, Taylor's, &amp;c., following after the Second Corps. You will leave one brigade to watch the Chickahominy till the last of the trains is well on the road and out of sight, then follow it. Leave an officer at Salem Church to inform me when I get there when the last of the trains has passed.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

The Second Corps have all crossed.

