SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,No. 35. City Point, Va., June 16, 1864.

I. Brigadier General Rufus Ingalls, chief quartermaster, Army of the Potomac, is announced as chief quartermaster of the armies operating against Richmond, and will immediately assume the duties thereof, in addition to those of chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac.

II. Lieutenant Colonel M. R. Morgan, chief commissary of subsistence, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, is announced as chief commissary of subsistence of the armies operating against Richmond, and will immediately assume the duties thereof, in addition to those of chief commissary of subsistence of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

III. The Sixth Army Corps will proceed to Point of Rocks, landing on the Appomattox, where it will disembark and report to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, for orders. Steamers of too great draught to go up the Appomattox will debark the troops at Bermuda Hundred.

IV. Major General Q. A. Gillmore, U. S. Volunteers, under orders from General Butler to proceed to Fortress Monroe, has permission to remain at City Point until the general commanding examines the papers relating to his case.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 16, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

Smith is south of Petersburg about a mile. He has taken 15 guns and 230 prisoners. The enemy appear to have left our front. They have withdrawn all pickets. They have been crowding trains to Petersburg since 2 p.m. yesterday by road and rail. They are crowding at Chaffin's farm.

NORTON,

Captain.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 16, 1864-8 a.m.

General headquarters being about to move to the front the command of the troops on both sides of the James River in this vicinity devolves upon Major General H. G. Wright, commanding Sixth Corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 16, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General Hancock will make an attack on his front at 6 p.m Major-General Burnside will post a division to support Barlow's attack and will hold the rest of his corps ready to advance or move to the support of Hancock. In case of the attack of Barlow being successful

