HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Jones' Bridge, June 13, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

The head of my column arrived about ten minutes since, and is massing on the north bank of the Chickahominy, preparatory to crossing when the bridge is completed. Have just heard that head of General Burnside's column was at Olivet Church, five miles from here, I think, at 2.20 p.m. I propose crossing to-night, and starting at 4 a.m. tomorrow for Charles City Court-House. My men are much exhausted, as the march has been a long one, much longer than I had supposed from the maps.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, June 13, 1864

- 6.p.m.

The corps will resume its march for Charles City Court-House tomorrow at 4 a.m., in the following order: First, Second Division, with two batteries; second, headquarters and intrenching wagons; third, Third Division; fourth, Artillery Brigade; fifth, First Division, one battery; sixth, ambulances and wagons. Brigadier-General Russell will designate a strong brigade to act as rear guard, and the medical director will assign such ambulances to the Second and Third Divisions as he considers necessary to accompany them. The pickets will be withdrawn under direction of their respective division commanders in time to join their divisions on the march.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Tunstall's Station, June 13, 1864-10.30 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

We arrived here this morning at daybreak and found that Captain Peirce had ordered the general trains of the Second, Sixth, and Fifth Corps over the road by Saint Peter's Church, which was the route we were ordered to take instead of ordering them by New Kent Court-House, as was the distinct understanding with me. The delay would not have been so great had these trains traveled all night as our troops did, but instead of that they hauled out by side of the road and took a good night's rest. They were just starting out as I arrived here, and the last of the Second Corps ambulances are just now leaving this place. The road is very narrow and completely blocked, so that my command cannot pass until they are out of the way. I have just returned from the road, where I have been endeavoring to urge the trains along. I hope to make Jones' Bridge some time this afternoon.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S.-Our command and pickets were withdrawn without the knowledge of the enemy. The last reports make the enemy firing at one of our battery epaulements after our pickets were a mile off.

