
BATTERY 5, Petersburg, June 16, 1864-8.15 a.m.

General HANCOCK:

From the works on the right of our line I have observed one battery artillery, one brigade infantry, with ambulances and wagons, passing our left on road running along the ridge to our left of the city.

TAYLOR,

Signal Officer.

NEAR GENERAL BIRNEY'S, June 16, 1864-9.40 [a.m.]

Captain TAYLOR:

Can see quite broad valley in front of this point; redoubt and flanking breast-works on rising ground. Half an hour since a battery, rifled Napoleons, went into redoubt from a position nearer us and farther to our right and opened, but was silenced by Dwight's battery. Can see no important movement of enemy yet.

I. THICKSTUN,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

JUNE 16, 1864-9.40 a.m.

Captain TAYLOR:

A brigade of enemy's infantry moved to our left and passed out of sight behind redoubt. They were opened on by Dwight's battery. The rebels have been driven out of part of their works by our fire.

I. THICKSTUN,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 16, 1864-4 p.m.

General Barlow, with so much of his division as may be available, will attack the enemy at 6 this p.m at such point on his front as he may select. This attack will be supported by a division of the Ninth Corps. General Birney, with so much of his own division as may be available, supported by the reserve brigades of the Second Division, will attack the enemy at such point in front of the Second or Third Division as he may select, at the same hour. If time permits, Generals Gibbon and Birney are requested to call at these headquarters. General Smith will threaten an attack on his front.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 16, 1864-9.24 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER:

COLONEL: We are getting round to the enemy's right, which I think is weak, or rather has been. They are preparing to meet us, and have moved to their night in plain sight of us, I should say at least one brigade

