
of infantry, which came from their left. They must be weakening some other part of their line to strengthen this. I think another division on our left would be well on the enemy's right flank.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 16, 1864-12.25 a.m.

Major-General BIRNEY,Commanding Third Division, Second Corps:

GENERAL: If there are any points in your front, commanding your position, now occupied by the enemy, the major-general commanding directs that they be taken at or before daybreak, preferably before, as it is desirable to prevent the enemy from holding any points between us and the Appomattox. It is thought there are one or two such points. General Barlow will soon be up, and will mass in rear of General Gibbon's left.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to General Gibbon.)
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,Camp, June 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report as follows in answer to the queries of the commanding general:I think that the enemy's right rests at the house near the redoubt a short distance from my left. The point on the front of the Second Corps most suitable for an advance is from the left of the Second Corps most suitable for an advance is from the left of the Second Division. There is a small creek in front, but which is reported to me as offering no barrier or great obstacle. An attack there by a brigade, properly supported, as the enemy's line was developed, would, in my judgment, be the most expedient. This attack should be aided by a reconnaissance in some force, from General Barlow's left by artillery, say four batteries on the hill or crest where Dwight's battery is, and by an attack by the troops on the right to draw the enemy's troops from the center or point of real attack. This strikes me as the best plan for an advance in the front of the corps. The enemy are strengthening the ridge across the creek in front of my division by rifle-pits, but I think they are only filled there with a skirmish line.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

Respectfully forwarded.

From my examination of the whole line, which has been careful save as to General Barlow's position, this seems to be a favorable point.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

