HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,City Point, June 16, 1864-12 m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you push forward your corps as rapidly as possible toward Petersburg, and that as soon as a division is ready you move it forward without waiting for your corps to get together.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, June 16, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I have just received a copy of General Grant's dispatch* to you, telling you to hurry up my corps. I am on the road and will make as good time as possible, and reach there before camping. It, of course, could not be expected of me to be there before dark, but I certainly will be before morning.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Birchett's House, June 16, 1864-2 p.m.

General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: Knowing that you are moving up, I send to communicate with you. I send a man who may be able to give you some information. There is a road leading over to the Jerusalem road from Sinai Church, and another one from here. I have a picket on the Norfolk railroad on the road that leads from here. I am guarding the left flank of the army. I took the intrenchments on the Jerusalem road last Thursday. They were not strong, and I think it is the weakest portion of the line. This line covers the approach to within 600 yards of the outer redoubts. It is about one mile and a half to the outskirts of Petersburg from the line. You may meet the enemy before you get to the line, as it has been reported to me that the enemy are reported to be throwing troops out on the left in some force. General Smith carried the left of the rebel lines last night, and has captured 16 guns and about 260 prisoners.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Birchett's, four miles east of Petersburg, June 16, 1864-2.30 p.m.

General WARREN:

General Grant directed that you should get up to the enemy on the Jerusalem road. General Kautz states that you will, by so doing, be

---------------

*See Grant to Meade, 10.15 a.m., p.86.

---------------

