
part can be discovered. I took up the new lines soon after daylight and it is now pretty strongly intrenched. Please send me a guide for the road after crossing the river.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] JUNE 16, 1864-4 p.m.

The following movements of the corps are ordered, and will take place immediately upon the receipt of this order: The Third and First Division will move, in the order named, to the landing in vicinity of these headquarters and embark, proceeding to City Point, where they will disembark and move as expeditiously as possible, making a forced march to Petersburg. The Second Division, with the artillery and trains, will move across the bridge and proceed on the road, via Old Court-House, to Petersburg, where they will join the rest of the corps. Brigadier-General Ferrero, commanding division of the Ninth Corps, and Brigadier-General Wilson, commanding cavalry division, upon their arrival here will remain here with their commands until the trains have crossed. The pickets will be withdrawn in time to move with their divisions.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., June 16, 1864-7.45 a.m.

Major General J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have just left General Hancock visiting his lines. General Smith drove the enemy from his works last evening, capturing 14 guns and 200 prisoners. The Eighteenth Corps is now trying to get into the city, while the Second is in the line of works in rear. General Hancock would like to have the Ninth Corps go into position on his left, and says he will advance toward the city as soon as the Ninth Corps gets into position. He doesn't know the number of the enemy in front. We occupy the captured works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. HARRIS,

Captain, Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 16, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

It is suggested that artillery in the redoubts you have taken will be of importance. I send General Hunt to consult with you in case you require additional batteries. Please advise with him.

Respectfully,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

