
that General Pickett is upon our right; our forces are now engaged. I have ordered Terry back to our lines as possible, holding the enemy in check.

Respectfully,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

JUNE 16, 1864-3.50 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have the honor to report that five vessels prepared for obstructions have been sunk, under the direction of General Weitzel, at places pointed out by the senior officer of the Navy. A requisition has been made by the Navy for another, which has been ordered to be filled with stones for the purpose.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, June 16, 1864-4.10 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

GENERAL: Your dispatches received and I have notified General Meade of contents. Whilst at Petersburg this morning I directed troops to be in readiness to make an assault to carry the remainder of the enemy's works south of the Appomattox at 6 p.m. this evening. General Meade is on the field in person and has been directed to make the assault if there is any chance of success. Two divisions of Wright's corps were directed to get aboard vessels and come directly to City Point. They will probably arrive about 6 this evening. If you still hold your present advantage when they reach here I will send them to you. If it is possible we should hold a position in advance of your present line. Can you not turn the enemy's works to face the other way and occupy their line? Let me know if you are compelled to return to your old line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JUNE 16, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch received. I have examined an intelligent deserter and prisoners. The evacuation was an enormous blunder. Beauregard ordered out his troops and Longstreet's corps was to occupy their places, but Longstreet did not get up. I have improved the opportunity to destroy some three miles of the railroad. I will order my picket-line to hold, if possible, the line of the enemy's works, but as the line is so much longer than my old line I canot hold it with my present force. If we can hold on till Wright's two divisions come up we may then hold it. Heavy skirmishing is now going on.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

