1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MISSOURI.
Erastus TV ells, Robert T. Van Horn,
(Justavus A. Finkelnburg, Joel F. Asper,
James R. McCormick, John F. Benjamin,
Sempronius XI. Boyd, David P.Dyer.
Samuel S. Burdutt,
ARKANSAS.
Logan H. Roots, Thomas Boles.
Anthony A. C. Rogers,
MICHIGAN.
Fernando C. Beaman, Thomas TV. Ferry,
William L. Stoughton, Omar D. Conger,
Austin Blair, Randolph Strickland.
FLORIDA.
Charles M. Hamilton.
IOWA.
George W. MeCrary, William Loughridge,
William Smyth, Frank W. Palmer,
William B. Allison, Charles Pomeroy.
WISCONSIN.
Haibert E. Paine, Charles A. Eldridge,
Benjamin F. Hopkins, Philetus Sawyer,
Amasa Cobb, C. C. Washburn.
CALIFORNIA.
Samuel B. Axtell, James A. Johnson.
Aaron A. Sargent,
MINNESOTA.
Morton S. Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson.
OREGON. KANSAS.
Joseph S. Smith. Sidney Clarke.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Isaac II. Duval, John S. Witcher.
James C. McGrew,
NEVADA. NEBRASKA.
Thomas Fitch. John Taffe.
When the names of the following mem-
bers were severally called, Lewis Tillman, of
Tennessee ; William J. Smith, of Tennessee ;
RoiiEKT T. Van Horn, of Missouri; and David
P. Dyer, of Missouri,
Mr. BROOKS reserved a point of order on
the same.
The CLERK. One hundred and ninety-three
persons have answered to the call. Being a
quorum of the body, the Clerk is now ready
to receive motions.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to what I sup-
pose is a question of privilege.
The CLERK. The gentleman will state his
question of privilege.
Mr. WOODWARD. I was about to ask this
body to correct the roll of members by adding the
name of Henry D. Foster, from the twenty-first
district of Pennsylvania, upon a state of facts
and law that seems to me so simple as toentitle
that gentleman very, clearly to a seat in this
House, giving him a prima facie case which
no gentleman here would be likely to question.
And I will say that the very question of law
involved in his ease has been adjudicated by
this House in former election cases. I would
suppose, therefore, that the House would in-
dulge me in a motion that the list be corrected
by the addition of the name of General Foster
and allow me to spread before the House at once
the evidence in his case.
Mr. KAKNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I would inquire whether motions are
debatable ?
The CLERK. No objection having been made
the Clerk did not feel it his duty to interrupt
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe the law
requires all motions to be decided without
debate in the organization of the Plouse.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] has not indicated
' that he intends to offer any motion.
Mr. WOODWARD. Yes, sir; I do in-
tend  
The CLERK. The gentleman will please
state his motion. .
Mr. WOODWARD. In view of all consider-
ations I have determined not to offer the prop-
osition that I first contemplated for the pur-
pose of bringing the question immediately to
the consideration of the House; but instead ot
it 1 will offer the resolution which I send to the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mesolved, That the returns of the election from the
twenty-first district of Pennsylvania be referred to
the Committee of Elections to be appointed, with
instructions to_ report at as early a day as practica-
ble which of the claimants to a seat in this House
has the prima facie right thereto.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of or-
der. The Clerk cannot in the organization
entertain s£ motion for reference to a commit-
tee. It must be made after the House is or-
ganized.
The CLERK. The Clerk sustains that point
of order.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I submit the fol-
lowing resolution :
Resolved, That the roll of members of the Forty-
First Congress be amended by the addition of the
name of Henry D. Foster, as the Representative of
the twenty-first congressional district of Pennsyl-
vania, and that said Foster be called and admitted
as the sitting member prima facie entitled to repre-
sent said district.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a motion which I think will take prece-
dence of that, and it is, that the House do now
proceed to the election of a Speaker.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a question of order.
It is this, that by the laws of the Congress of
the United States the Clerk is authorized to
make the roll of the members that are to be
called as members of the Congress prior to the
organization.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And the Clerk has
performed that duty.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask a
decision of my point.
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiibciine]
has moved as a substitute for the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] that the House proceed to elect
a Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My motion
is that the House proceed to the election of a
Speaker.
Mr. WOODWARD. I do not yield the floor
for such a motion.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yielded the floor, and the gentleman
from Illinois made his motion.
Mr. WOODWARD. No, sir; I have not
yielded the floor to anybody. The gentleman
rose to a point of order, and he had a right, I
suppose, to state the point of order; but I have
not yielded the floor, and do not yield it to the
gentleman.
The CLERK. The Clerk understood the
gentleman had yielded ; if not, he has the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have been on the
floor all the time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How do I
understand the Clerk to decide as to who has
the floor?
The CLERK. The Clerk did not under-
stand the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
buiine] as rising to a question of privilege, but
as moving to amend the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mine was
substantially a question of privilege. It has
priority of the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The first business of the House
is to elect a Speaker.
The CLERK. If the gentleman from Illinois
states that he rose to a question of privilege,
which had precedence of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, the Clerk will be
obliged to rule that upon that point the gentle-
man from Illinois is correct.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rose a to question of
privilege. .
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] rose to a question of priv-
ilege, which has precedence ol that ot the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and therefore the
question before the House is on the motion to
proceed to the election of a Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on that motion.
Mr. LOGAN. I have raised a point of order,
and I have a right to have it decided. Mypoint
of order is that by the laws of the Congress of
the United States the Clerk is the only person'
that has the right to place upon the roll file-
names of the members of the incoming Con-
gress, and the Clerk has no right to entertain
any motion in relation to the roll until the
members are sworn in. If the Clerk so decides
that ends the question, and I ask the Clerk to
decide the question. *
The CLERK. The Clerk has decided the
point of order raised by the gentleman from
Illinois on the left, [Mr. Washburne,]
Mr. LOGAN. He made 110 point of order.
He submitted a motion to amend the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Woodward.]
The CLERK. The Clerk holds that the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois on the left [Mr.
Washburne] takes precedence of the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr
Woodward,] and therefore holds thatthe ques
tion before the House is "Shall the House pro-
ceed to elect a Speaker?" and upon that mo
tion the gentleman from Illinois has called the
previous question.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is, that it is not competent
for the House to proceed to the election of 0
Speaker until the roll has been completed.
The CLERK. That is a question of fact and
not of order, and one with which the Clerk
cannot deal.
Mr. WOOD. The roll is not complete.
There is a district in Pennsylvania which has
no representation at all according to the Clerk's
roll.
The CLERK. That is a question of fact,
upon which the House will pass in determining
whether or not under the circumstances it will
proceed to elect a Speaker.
Mr. WOODWARD. Does the Clerk mean
to rule that the gentleman from Illinois can
take me off the floor without my consent?
The CLERK. By a higher question of priv
ilego.
Mr. WOODWARD. In what respect is the
gentleman's question of privilege higher than
my question of privilege?
The CLERK. The duty of the House to or-
ganize itself is a duty devolved upon it by law;
and any matter looking to the performance of
that duty takes precedence in all parliament-
ary bodies of all minor questions.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes 107, noes 52.
The question being on ordering the main
question,
Mr. WOOD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 184, nays 57, not vot-
ing 0 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Bailey, Banks. Boaman, Beatty, Ben-
jamin, Bennett, Bingham. Blair, Boles, Boutwell,
Boyd, Buffinton, Burdctt, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick 11. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarko,
Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.Cobb.Coburn.Cook.Conger,
Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey,
Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Dyer. Farnswor h,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,
Gilfillan, Hale, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd. Julian, Itelloy,
Kelscy, Ketcham, Knapp, Loflin. Lash, Lawrence.
Loeran, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, MeCor-
miek, MeCrary, McGrew, Merour, William Moore,
Jesse II. Moore, Eliakim II. Moore Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley, O'Neill, Orth. Pack-
ard Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Poland,
Pomcroy, Prosser, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scolield, Shanks, Sheldon. Worth-
ington C.Smith, John A. Smith, William J. Smith.
William Smyth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman. Townsend,
Twichell. Tynor, Lpson, Vail Horn. Ward,Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Elihu B.Wasliburne, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkin-
son, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, \\ maus,
and Witcher—134. . , <■«
NAYS-Messrs. Adams Archer, Axtell, Beck,
Biegs, Bird, Brooks, Bmr, C.ilkm. Cleveland, J)iek-
111 Ion, Eldridge, Fox, Gelz Golladay, Greene. Gris-
wold, Haisrht. Ilaldcman, Hambleton, 1^™'1IvP0oat®'
Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Koott,
ICrob Marshall. Mayham, McNeely, Monet, ivtor
ri'sey Mungen.Niblick, Potter, Randal , heading.
Reeves Kiue, Schumaker, SJoeum, Joseph S. Smith,
sfniip S trader, Swarm, Sweeney, Trirable,
v Voorhces. Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, ^ood, and Woodward 57,
