1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Churchill, Clarke, Araasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, Farnsvvorth, Ferriss, Feiry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, GHfiilan, Hale, Haw-
kins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kcllcy, Kelscy, Keteham,
Knapp, Lallin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridge,
Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, McQrew,
Mereur,William Moore, Jes«e H. Moore, Eliakim II.
Moure, Samuel P. Morrill, Daniel J. Morrell, Neg-
lo.y, O'Neill, Ort'n, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peters, Pnelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosaer, Rogers,
Hoots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield,
Shanks, Sheldon, Wortbington C. Smith, John A.
Smiih, William J, Smith. William Smyth, Steven-
son, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner,
Tillman, Townsend, Twiehell, Tyucr, Upson, Van
Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B.
Washburne. William B. Washburn, Welker,Wheeler,
W hittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, John 1\
Wilson, Winans, and Witchor—135.
For Mr. Kerr—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland,
Dickinson, Eldridge, Fox, Getz, Golladay, Greene,
Gnswold, Haight, Ilaldeman, Hambleton, Hamill,
lloag, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L.Jones, Knott,
kreb, Marshall, Mayhftm, McCormick, McNeely,
Molfet. Mornssey, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Ran-
dall, Rending, Reeves, Rice, Sehumaker, Slocum,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann,
Sweeney, Trimble, Yan Auken, Van Tiump, Voor-
liees. Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
and Woodward—57,
The CLERK. James G. Blaine, of Maine,
having received a majority of all the votes
given, is duly elected Speaker of the House of
Representatives for the Forty-First Congress.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] will please conduct the Speaker-elect
to the Chair ; and the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Washburne,] the senior member of the
body, will please administer to him the oath
required by the Constitution and laws of the
United States.
Mr. Dawes and Mr. Kerr accordingly con-
ducted Mr. Blaine to the Chair, wheu he ad-
dressed the House as follows :
Gentlemen of the. House of Representatives:
I thank you profoundly for the great honor
which your votes have just conferred upon mo.
The gratification which this signal mark of
your confidence brings to me finds its only
drawback in the diffidence with which I assume
the weighty duties devolved upon me. Suc-
ceeding to a chair made illustrious by the ser-
vices of such eminent statesmen and skilled
parliamentarians as Clay and Stevenson and
Polk and Winthrop and Banks and Grow
and Colfax, I may well distrust my ability to
meet the just expectations of those who have
shown me such marked partiality. But relying,
gentlemen, on my honest purpose to perform
all my duties faithfully and fearlessly, and trust-
ing in large measure to the indulgence which I
am sure you will always extend to me, I shall
tope to retain, as I have secured, your confi-
dence, your kindly regard and your generous
support.
The Forty-First Congress assembles at an
auspicious period in the history of our Gov-
ernment. The splendid and impressive cere-
monial which we have just witnessed in another
part of the Capitol appropriately symbolizes
the triumphs of the past and the hopes of the
future. A great chieftain, whose sword at the
head of gallant and victorious armies saved the
Republic from dismemberment and ruin, has
been fitly called to the highest civic honor
which a grateful people can bestow. Sustained
by a Congress that so ably represents the loyalty,
the patriotism, and the personal worth of the
nation, the President this day inaugurated
will assure to the country an administration of
purity, fidelity, and prosperity; an era of lib-
erty regulated by law, and of law thoroughly
inspired with liberty.
Congratulating you, gentlemen, on the happy
auguries of the day, and invoking the gracious
blessing of Almighty God on the arduous and
responsible labors before you, I am now ready
to take the oath of office and enter upon the
discharge of the duties to which you have
called me. [Applause.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, then ad-
ministered the oath of office to the Speaker.
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the swearing in of members; and the various
delegations will present themselves in a con-
venient number at one time as they are called.
The delegations from the New England
States were first called and sworn in.
The delegations from New York and New
Jersey were next called and ranged themselves
in front of the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, before the
oath of office is administered to Henry A.
Reeves, from the first district of the State of
New York, I feel it to be my duty to call his
attention at least to a communication sent to me
relating to his right to a seat upon this floor.
In that communication it is stated that he has
been guilty of giving aid, counsel, countenance,
and encouragement to the late rebellion; that
he was the editor of a paper called the Green
Port Watchman, and was imprisoned during
the war on the ground of disloyalty. The proof
is not of such a character as to authorize me
to ask for the reference of his case to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and I content myself with
calling the attention of the gentleman himself
to the fact that these charges are made against
him when he is called upon to take the oath of
office. It maybe necessary hereafter to inquire
into this matter, but I think it is for him to
determine whether the oath of office shall be
administered to him or not.
The SPEAKER. Does the geutleman from
Ohio make any motion ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not.
The delegations from New York and New
Jersey were then sworn in.
The Clerk next called the delegations from
Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Itbecomes
my duty to object to the gentleman claiming
the seat from the fourth district of Maryland
being admitted to his seat; and I send to the
Chair a resolution, which I ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows;
Reiolved, ThatthecredentialsofPATRiCK Hamill,
of tile lourth district of Maryland, bo relerred to the
Committee of Elections, alter it shall have been ap-
pointed, to report at as early a day as practicable;
ami until such report shall bo made said Patrick
Hamill shall not be allowed to take the oatli of office
or be admitted to a seat as said Representative.
Mr.BUTLER,ofMassachusetts. Theground
upon whicli I make this motion is because of
the sworn testimony of three individuals, which
has been furnished to me and which I hold in
my hand. I believe that it comes entirely from
respectable persons. The testimony is to the
effect that Patrick Hamii-l, at the beginning of
the rebellion, furnished aid and comfort to the
enemies of the United States; that he per-
suaded men to enter the confederate service;
that he loaned a horse to a confederate officer
for that purpose; and that he conducted him-
self as an enemy to the country and its insti-
tutions and laws, and to such an extent that
he severed his relations with his church for
the purpose of joining a southern organization.
This being sworn testimony makes a prima
facie case. I but state the facts, and that, it
seems to me, this case should be referred for
investigation to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will
send up the affidavits to go upon the file.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I send
the affidavits to be filed by the Clerk, and I
will modify the resolution so as to instruct the
committee to take proof in the case.
Mr. SCHENCK. In connection with this
question I desire to present, along with the
other papers, a letter from Mr. Weisel, who
was the Republican competitor of Mr. Hamill
for this seat. It is a letter addressed by Mr.
Weisel to Mr. Hamill himself, and contains
information on this subject from his Repub-
lican competitor.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the reading of the
letter.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I rise to a point of
order. As members have not been sworn in
there is no House to vote on the question. I
move that the other members be first sworn in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To that
I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The present mode of pro-
cedure is that warranted by all the prece-
dents. The Clerk will read the letter as apart
of the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg that
the letter may not be read unleis proof is read
on the other side.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts has stated the substance of the
affidavits it is due to say that Mr. Weisel insti-
tuted an investigation into the loyalty of Mr.
Hamill, having addressed him a letter on the
subject which was not intended to be made
public until he was satisfied in regard to the
matter ; and in the letter which is proposed to
be read Mr. Weisel states that he found nothing
which ii-npeached the loyalty of Mr. Hamill.
I ask that that letter may be referred with the
other papers in this case.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my
hand three papers which refer to this same
case. I will state what they are in substance
w ithout reading them. The first is an affidavit
subscribed and sworn to by Edwin R. Brown-
ing, who is the chief witness, upon whose affi-
davit the charge of disloyalty is made against
Mr. Hamill. Mr. Browningstates in this affi-
davit that the other one which antedates this
was procured from him under duress by threats
of violence, and that the facts therein stated
are not such as to exclude this gentleman from
his seat. Another paper which I hold in my
hand is a letter addressed by the prosecutor iu
this case against Mr. Hamill to this same affi-
ant, Edwin R. Browning, in which the writer
of the letter, Samuel W. Frend, undertakes to
persuade Mr. Browning by promises of reward
to make this affidavit.
Mr. INGEPoSOLL. I rise to a question of
order. Can an objection to the swearing ir,
of one of the members who have been called
apply to all the members who have been called so
that they can be prevented from being sworn in?
Mr. KERR. A word more and I have done.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Members might be kept
standing here all night.
The SPEAKER. Had the Chair known that
the swearing in of a member from Maryland
would be objected to he would not have sum-
moned to the bar the members from other
States; and if the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] will suspend his remarks the Chair
will, for the convenience of the members now
standing at the bar, administer the oath to the
members from Pennsylvania and Delaware and
take the Maryland delegation afterward.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I suggest
that the other members from Maryland be also
sworn in.
The SPEAKER. All except the gentleman
to whom objection is made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
no objection to the others.
Mr. KERR. I prefer to submit the papers
now in this connection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Can we
try the issue of loyalty now? If not, what is
the use of having the papers read?
Mr. KERR. I do not insist that the issue
shall be tried now, but I do ask that the pre-
cedents in the House shall not be violated by
denying to this man the right to be sworn on
the prima facie evidence of title to his seat
upon mere rumors, mere vague charges.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the point of
order that debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is entirely in order,
as the House is considering a question of the
highest privilege. The House can bring the
debase to a close by seconding the previous
question when demanded by the gentleman who
offered the resolution ; otherwise the question
is open to the largest latitude of debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
resume the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I call for a division of the
resolution before the previous question is sus-
tained.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 desire
