6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
March 4,
only to say that in language as carefully guarded
as I could use 1 put before the House the
grounds upon which I made the motion. I am
sorry that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerb] should characterize it as vague ruinor.
Sworn affidavits and the assertion of a mem-
ber in his place that he believes them are cer-
tainly sufficient to send this case to a commit-
tee, following the precedent in the Kentucky
case and in other cases. I therefore move the
previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will
withdraw that for a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw it.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] for his consideration,
as a matter of practical importance, that he
will see and my colleague [Mr. Butler] will
see that we shall find ourselves involved in
infinite confusion unless it is understood on
all sides that gentlemen to whom objection is
made shall step aside until the others are sworn
in. There is nobody to sustain the previous
question except those who have already taken
the oath.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And they
are not a quorum.
Mr. DAWES. There is nobody to sustain
any vote in this House except those who have
already been sworn in, and as has been said by
my friend from Illinois they do not even con-
stitute a quorum. When a Speaker has been
elected nothing can be done by any gentleman
in the House who has not been qualified. And
therefore, what the gentleman from Indiana
desires to have done, and what my colleague
desires to have done, can only be done by those
who have taken the oath, and hence nothing
can be done. I have no doubt this gentleman
himself, seeing that aspect of affairs, will of
his own accord decline to take the oath until
all those against whom there may be no charges
in good faith made are qualified, and then his
case can be acted on.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. If the doctrine of the gentle-
man be correct, that this House is not at this
time competent to determine a question of this
kind and that a single objection would set
aside any gentleman, then when the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] presented
himself to be sworn in I could have arisen and
upon some pretext or pretense asked him to
stand aside until others were sworn, against
whom there was no objection. Now, I claim that
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hamill]
should be sworn in, as there are only ex parte
statements against him and they are contra-
dicted by affidavits from the very parties inter-
ested against him.
Mr. DAWES. While it may be true as the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] says,
that he might object to me and I in turn might
object to him, yet unless the objection could be
made in good faith and upon some reasonable
evidence ?
Mr. WOOD. Who is to tell that?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York would not make objection to me nor
wouldltohim without some reasonable ground
for it. Or if the gentleman or myself was found
to be making an objection not in good faith
but merely for the purpose of preventing the
organization of this House, then one of two
things would follow: either there would be a
failure to organize the House and revolution
would bo inaugurated, or we would have to
submit to the reason of the case. Now, I would
n«k the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
if he believes any one can vote upon the mo-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Butler] or the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] except one who has already been
sworn in ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Irise to a point of order.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to my candid friend
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and to my col-
league 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point of order is
this: the Speaker has called the gentleman
from Maryland, Mr. Hamill, with the other gen-
tlemen from Maryland to the stand for the pur-
pose of taking the oath of office. Now, the
House cannot require him to stSmd aside or
fall back except by a vote of the House, and
that vote must be by a quorum of the House.
And as a quorum of this House have not yet
been sworn in, he must have the oath adminis-
tered to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. And the Chair will take occa-
sion to correct an erroneous impression which
may perhaps have been created by the remarks
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] The Chair regards the House in its
present condition as competent to enforce the
previous question. Such was the case even in
the preliminary stage of the proceedings for
organization to-day before the Clerk had called
the roll for the election of Speaker. The House
certainly has lost none of its power by the elec-
tion of Speaker and by its proceedings so far
in the business of organization. The prece-
dents are all in the direction of the ruling of
the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
appeal to my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
to let this matter be waived for the present
until the other members can be sworn in. Then
it can be resumed if the gentleman thinks best.
Mr. KERR. On the representations of
friends near me I am willing to agree to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler.]
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Hamill] whose right to be sworn
in is questioned step aside for the present ?
Mr. Hamill accordingly retired from among
those who had presented themselves to be sworn
in.
The oath of office was then administered to
the other members; after which,
Mr. KNOTT said: I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. KNOTT. My point of order is, that
the duty devolved upon the Speaker by law is
simply to swear in each member as he pre-
sents himself for that purpose. It is not for
the Speaker to decide whether he can properly
take the oath or not. And secondly, that the
House cannot discharge any of its functions,
either legislative or quasi-judicial, which are
conferred upon it by the Constitution until it is
organized. Therefore there is no power, either
in the Speaker or in the House at present to
exclude a member-elect from taking the oath.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not as-
sumed to exclude any member-elect from
taking the oath. But the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Hamill,] in order to relieve
the embarrassment of the House, voluntarily
withdrew, as he had a right to do, from those
who had presented themselves to take the oath.
The Clerk will now proceed with the call of
members to be sworn in. The members-elect
from the southern States who are authorized
by law _ to take a special oath will please
remain in their seats till the other members
have been sworn in.
The members-elect present from the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, and Ohio,
except Mr. Dockery, of North Carolina, and
Mr. Bowen, of South Carolina, came forward
as their names were called, and were qualified
by taking the oath prescribed by law.
The members-elect present from the States
of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Indiana, with the
exception of Mr. Butler, of Tennessee, pre-
sented themselves.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker——
The SPEAKER. For what purpose does
the gentleman rise?
Mr. SHANKS. For the purpose of pre-
senting papers relating to the cases of two of
those presenting themselves as members from >
the State of Kentucky; and also to present a
resolution that they be not sworn in as mem-
bers at this time. The gentlemen to whom I
refer are Boyd Winchester, of the fifth dis-
trict, and John M. Rice, of the ninth district.
In the case of Mr. Rice, I have a statement
of Mr. Ziegler and twenty-three other citi-
zens, making several charges against him, and
among others that of disloyalty and consequent
incapacity under the fourteenth article of the
constitutional amendments to sit in this House.
As to the case of Born Winchester, I hold in
my hand a certified copy of an indictment
found against him in the United States dis-
trict court of Kentucky for treason, in having
engaged in hostilities against the Government,
of the. United States, he having plotted_ with
others during the war to take from the city of
Indianapolis and other points arms belonging
to the United States. And of this charge he
has never been acquitted. I send to the Clerk
my resolution, on which I ask the action of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
that these cases will follow the same course
as the others of the same class.
The SPEAKER. If it be agreeable to the
gentlemen whose right is challenged to waive
tho question of their right to be sworn in till
the other members have token the oath that
course can be pursued.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope those gentlemen
will not yield their right.
The SPEAKER. Then the question must
be decided now. The Clerk will report the
resolution of the gentleman from Indiana.
The Clerk read as follows:
WhereasitisehargedthatBoYDWiN'ohf.stee.cIaiui-
ing to be a member-elect from the fifth congressional
district of Kentucky, and John M. ltice, claiming to
| he a mcmber-elect from the ninth dhtrirt of suul
State, were disloyal to the Government of the United
States, and gave aid and comfort to the enemies
thereof during the late rebellion : Therefore,
Resolved, That the credential? and proof of said
Boyd Winchester and Joiik M, Rice be referred to
the Committee of Elections when appointed, with
instructions to inquire into such disloyalty, and that
pending such inauiry the said Winchester and Rick
shall not be sworn in as members.
Mr. SHANKS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
While the vote was being taken on seconding
the previous question,
Mr. McCORMICK said : I rise to a point
of order. How can gentlemen vote who have
not been sworn in ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the point of order at this time. The House
is dividing.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 96, noes 48.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question being on ordering the main
question,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I raise the point of order
that none but those sworn in have the right to
vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The uniform usage of the
House is otherwise.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I hope there will be 110
objection to these gentlemen withdrawing for
: the present. They have no disposition to shrink
from this proposed investigation.
The SPEAKER. Jf thegenllemen to whose
qualification objection is made voluntarily re-
tire the qualification of the other members
now in front of the desk will proceed bv gen-
eral consent.
Mr. TRIMBLE. In order to remove any
obstacle to the progress of our businc?-', Mr.
Winchester and Mr. Rice withdraw for tho
present.
The oath of officc wa3 then administered to
the members to whom no objection was made.
The Clerk next called the delegations from
Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Missouri.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 send up a resolution which
I ask the Clerk to read.
