10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
that the Senate is now organized and ready to
receive any executive communication from
him have performed that duty, and have the
pleasure to say that the President will imme-
diately communicate with the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be entered upon the Journal.
ilr. J. A. Rawi.ings presently appeared below
the bar and said : Mr. President, I am directed
by the President of the United States to deliver
to the Senate two messages in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' 'The messages
are executive.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 5, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock rn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the resolution offered
yesterday by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] touching the right of two members
from that State to be sworn in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to waive his question of privilege until
1 can offer the usual resolution of notification
to the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly, for that pur-
pose.
notification of organization.
Mr. SCHENCK offered the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate to
inform that body that a quorum of the House of
Representatives has assembled, ancl that James G.
Blaine, one of the Representatives from, the State
of Maine, has been chosen Speaker, and that the
House is now ready to proceed to business.
committee on rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Revolved, That a committee of five, to consist of
the Speaker and four members, be appointed, to
which shall be referred the rules of the House, and
who shall have the right to report at any time such
amendments or revision of the same as they may
think proper; and such report when made shall be
considered by the House as a special order.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate was announced,
when Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, said: Mr.
Speaker, I am directed to inform the House
that a quorum of the Senate has assembled,
and that the Senate is ready to proceed to
business.
missouri members.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Ileioloed, That Robert T. Van Hoes and David
1. 1>yi;r be now sworn in as members from the State
of Missouri.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the understanding yesterday was not
t hat these gentlemen should stand aside until
the other members-elect against whom no
objection was made were sworn in?
1 he SPEAKER. That was the understand-
ing, and all the other members present to
whom no objection was made have been sworn
in. After that was done the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] offered the resolution
which has been read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman wiilstate
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The order in which (he
names of members-elect* v.'/T" called to be
sworn in requires that we should lir&t act
upon the case of the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Hamtll.] He stood aside out of
courtesy to the House and at the request of the
Speaker. And I hope no discrimination will
now be made; let us take up these eases in
the order in which the names were called.
The SPEAKER. That might be considered
a question of etiquette for the consideration of
the House, but the Chair cannot entertain the
question as a point of order. The Chair must
recognize the resolution now before the House.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish merely to say
that these two Representatives from the State
of Missouri have the prima facie evidence of
their election. There is no question about
that; there is no point raised here as to the
eligibility of these parties to occupy seats in this
House. It is true, I suppose, that the seats of
both of them are or will be contested. That
question, as a matter of course, will in the first
instance go to the Committee of Elections and
afterward be determined by the House. But
there is no question as to the prima facie right
of these parties to occupy seats in this body.
I therefore call the previous question.
Mr. McCORMICK. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] yield to me for a
question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. McCORMICK. Is the question divis-
ible upon this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was then put on the motion to
lay the pending resolution on the table, and the
Speaker said, " The ayes appear to have it."
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay this resolution on the
table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] yielded to me for a ques-
tion, yet the Chair persisted in putting the
question without regard to the fact that the
gentleman from Missouri had yielded to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] called the previous ques-
tion on his resolution, and his colleague [Mr.
McCormick] moved that it be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the gentleman said
he would yield to me for a question.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] withdraw his call for
the previous question ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said I would yield to
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
for a question. But I think I will now insist
upon the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
McCormtck,] that the resolution be laid on
the table, upon which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] calls for the yeas and
nays.
The j'eas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 4, nays 163, not voting
22 : as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bailey, Biggs, Burr, and Mc-
eely—1.
NAxS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Arnell, Asijer, Axtell, Banks,
Beamun, Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bingham, Bird,
Blair, Boutwell, Bowen, Boyd, BtifQnton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L.
Cobb, Cobnrn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom,
Davis, Deweese, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Dock-
ery, Duval, Bldridge, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Finkclnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Gretz. Gol-
laday, Greene. Griswold. Haight. Haldeman, Hale,
Hambleton, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hill,
Hoag, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss,
Ingei-solL Jenckes, johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jonss, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr,
Ketcham, Knapp, Knott, Latlin, Lash, Lawrence
Logan, Lynch. McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, Mer-
eur, MoffeU, Miakiin i(. Moore, Jesse II, Moore
W illiam Moore, Daniel J. Morrcll. i-'aumtl I'. Mor-
nl Munsori, /N'cBley.'Niblack, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Fame, Peters, Phelps,Poland,
Pomeroy, Potter. Prosser,Randall, Readme. Iteoves,
Rogers, Roots, Sanford. Sarepnt, Pnwver. N.-ljciiett.
Scofield. Shanks, Sheldon, John A.smith. Joseph ft.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William Nuiyth. Me-
venson. Stiles. Stokes, Stone, btoughton, Mrailcr.
Strickland, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe. Tanner, Tillman,
i'ownsend, Trimble, Twichell. 'iyner. Uiwon. V«n
Auken, Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, i'.iil)u B.
Washburne, William B. Wash burn. Welker,AS heclur,
Whittemore, Wilkinson, Wiilard. Williams. Lngene
M. "Wilson, Winans, Witcher, Wood, and Woou-
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bennett, Boles, Brook?,
Calkin, Churchill, Dawes, Donley, Giltillan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Mayhani, Maynimi, Mct'oriniek,
Morgan. Palmer. Sehtunaker. William .J.
Smith, Van Trump, Voorheus, Wdjt., and John T.
Wilson—22.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, when his name was called,
said: I shall vote "no," because I think these
gentlemen hold evidence of their prima facie
right to their seats. But I think it extremely
unfair to swear them in before other members
are sworn in who hold the same evidence of
their prima facie right to seats here, and whose
names were called on yesterday before the
names of these gentlemen were called.
The question recurring upon the demand for
theprevious question on agreeing to the resolu-
tion of Mr. Benjamin, the previous question
was seconded and the main question ordered;
and under the operation thereof the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. David P. Dyer and Mr. Robert T.
Van Horn presented themselves and were duly
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by law.
representative i'kom maryland.
Mr. WOOD. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved. That Patrick II imii.i., member-elect
from the fourth district of Maryland, bciiuiroworn in.
I understand.that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] has examined this
case, and  
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is a
resolution on that subject, Mr. Speaker, already
before the House—the resolution offered by me
last evening.
Mr. WOOD. Then I offer my resolution as
a substitute for that.
TheSPEAKElt. Theresolution of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, practically withdrawn by Mr.
Hamill retiring from among those presenting
themselves to be sworn in, and thereby waiv-
ing for the time the question of his right to be
sworn. The Chair therefore regards' the res-
olution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] as the resolution now pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
suggest a modification which I have no doubt
' will be accepted by the gentleman from New
York. I will state that I have examined ihe
affidavits and evidence in this case, and while
they leave the question in doubt. I think the
prima facie case as made by the certificate
of the Governor ought at this time to pre-
vail, and that Mr. Hamii/l ought to be now
admitted to the seat. I therefore propose to
withdraw all objection to his taking the seat if
the gentleman from New York will modify his
resolution by adding "and that the papers
submitted in this case shall be sent to the
Committee of Elections when appointed."
Mr. WOOD. I accept that modification.
The resolution of Mr. Wood, as modified,
was adopted.
Mr. Patrick IIamux presented himself and
was duly qualified by taking the oath prescribed
by law.
election contest—myers vs. mofiet,
Mr. O'NEILL presented the memorial and
accompanying papers of Leonard Myers, con-
testing the scat of John Mofl'et, as Represent-
ative from the third district of Pennsylvania:
which were ordered to be printed and to be
j referred to the Committee of Elections when
appointed.
