12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
as possible I will first invite the attention of
members to the law itself under which that roll
is made. The only part of that law which it
is material to read is the conclusion of the first
section. It provides that the Clerk in making
up the roll of Representatives-elect shall—
"Place thereon the names of all persons claiming
seats asKepresentatives-elect from States which were
represented in the nest preceding Congress, and of
such persons only, and whose credentials show that
they were regularly elected in accordance with the
laws of their States respectively."
"Whose credentials shQw," mark the lan-
guage, "that they were regularly elected in
accordance with the laws of their States re-
' spectively."
Now, to show to every gentleman here that
in this case the certificates are as complete and
full, and as legally sufficient as those held by
any gentleman on this floor, I beg the atten-
tion of gentlemen while I read the certificate
itself, and I will read one as a specimen of the
whole. I hold in my hand the certificate which
was given and issued to George W. McCranie,
one of the Representatives-elect from the State,
and I beg the attention of gentlemen while I
read it:
To all to whom these presents may come :
Know ye, that in accordance with the provisions of
an act entitled "An act relating to elections in tlie
State of Louisiana," approved October 19, 1868, an
election was held by the qualified electors of thisState
on the 3d day of November, A. D. 1868, for hvemem-
bers of Congress, to representthefirst,second, third,
fourth, and fifth districts of the State of Louisiana, in
the Forty-First Congress of the United States; and
whereas the returns of said election made to the sec-
retary of Stat e asrequired by law, have been carefully
examined, compared, andattested bythe properoffi-
cers whose duty it was to examine the same; and
whereas it has been ascertained from the said returns
that George W. McCranie received 11.107 votes and
Frank Morey 3,423 votes and Patrick Kennedy 3,076
votes east at said election:
Now, therefore, I, Henry C. Warmouth, Governor
of the State of Louisiana, do hereby certify that
George W. McCranie received a majority of the votes
cast for Representative to the Forty-First Congress
from the fifth congressional district of the State of
Louisiana.
Thus reads each certificate held by these
five Representatives elected from that State.
Thus it appears that every one of these certifi-
cates not only shows in the language of the
law that this election was held regularly and
in accordance with the laws of the State of
Louisiana, but it even shows more than ordi-
nary certificates are required to show, or in fact
do show. Ordinarily the certificates merely
state conclusions of law, while these certifi-
cates contain statements both of faet and of
law; they state both the fact and the results.
They are, therefore, I hold, entirely sufficient in
law. They state every material legal conclu-
sion, and they also state the fac(£ upon which
those legal conclusions are based, and upon
which these certificates are made.
It is proper that i should also state to the
House that the Clerk of the House informed
me—and in this matter I take great pleasure
in saying that I believe he desired to do his
whole duty, and nothing but his duty—the Clerk
of this House informed me that in the rejec-
tion of these certificates he was controlled by
oue consideration alone, that they failed, in the
certificate of the Governor appended to the
statement of fact, to certify in so many words,
in the very language of the law, that this elec-
tion was held regularly and in accordance with
the laws of Louisiana; although it does appear
in each of the certificates, in the recital above
the certificate of the Governor, that this elec-
tion was so held. And not only that, but even
the law is cited; and it is further stated that
these returns were made by the officers whose
duty it was to make them; that they have all
been carefully examined and compared; and
that upon all those returns, and the careful
examination and comparison by the proper
officers ol the State of Louisiana, these certifi-
cates are now made. I therefore hope that
these gentlemen will now be allowed to be
sworn in and take their seats.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxd.]
Mr. POLAND. It does not occur to me
that there is any necessity for the passage of
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexok.] I understand from
what is stated in the resolution that the Clerk
of this House omitted to put the names of these
members upon the roll on the ground that
there was a defect upon the face of their cre-
dentials, upon the face of the paper. And this
resolution proposes that these credentials shall
be referred to the Committee of Elections, who
shall report to this House whether there is this
defect in the credentials of these members-
elect.
Now the Committee of Elections, if this
resolution shall be adopted, will have before
them precisely what we will have before us if
these credentials are read to the House. By
reading those credentials we shall be in posses-
sion of precisely the same means of determ-
ining whether these credentials are regular
in form which we would be in possession of
after the Committee of Elections shall report
thereon. And the only advantage to be gained
by referring this matter to the Committee of
Elections would be to get their judgment as a
matter of law upon the sufficiency of these
credentials. When they are read before the
House we will be in just as good condition to
determine whether these credentials are or are
not regular in form, as we shall be after the delay
necessary to get a report upon these credentials
from the Committee of Elections.
I suggest, therefore, to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that he permit these cre-
dentials to be read, and in that way the matter
will be brought directly before the House for
them to determine whether these credentials
are regular in form, whether there is any defect
in the papers themselves. It seems to me that
the delay which would be occasioned by refer-
ringthese papers to the Committee of Elections
may all be avoided, and that we shall have just
the same means of determining whether these
credentials are regular by having them read as
by having them referred to the committee and
awaiting their report.
Mr. Schenck resumed the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment? I desire to offer in this
connection an amendment in the form of an
additional resolution, which I will send up to be
read, and then I will detain the House but a
moment with a statement of the grounds on
which the resolution is based.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That said committee shall also inquire
into and ascertain the qualifications of the said sev-
eral persons so claiming to be elected, and also the
validity of the elections at which they claim to have
been elected.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman who fol-
lowed me a moment since told us that we had
no official evidence upon which to base any
action. I respectfully suggest to him and to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohexck] that
we have had before us for weeks a document
of the very highest authority, coming from the
Legislature of Louisiana—a report of the joint
committee appointed by the two Houses of that
body to investigate the facts attending the elec-
tion now in question ; and I will call attention
to some of the facts that are stated in this
report.
In the first place we have the statement of
the number of registered votes in Louisiana,
91,820. It is certified that at the election on
the 3d of November only 30,544 votes were
polled, less than one third of the entire num-
ber of registered votes. The Governor of
Louisiana uses this language :
"I assert that the late election did not elicit the
honest will of the people, and that the result was
attained by the most shameless resort to murder
assassination, tumult, and intimidation,nottospeak
of proscription, that was ever known in this country,
andtbattoallowit to go as the expressed will of the
people would bo an outrage upon republican insti-
tutions and ruinous to good government here for
years to come."
The committee in the conclusion of their re-
port use language a few paragraphs of which
I will ask the Clerk to read for the information
of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Our conclusion, therefore, is that the so-called
election in parishes which were in a stateot anarchy
was no clootion, and that the so-called returns froia
those parishes are null and void, and should not bo
counted. They do not express the free, unrearumml
choice of the people, but are merely the registry of
the dictates of armed mobs and bruto force.,
"In three parishes a degree of order was main-
tained, and iu twenty parishes the election bull
according to the letter and .-pirit of the law. it is
our opinion that the vote in these parishes ehould ho
considered and should decide the vote_ol the State.
Any other course would bo virtually di-trancliisiug
the good and law-abiding citizens, not lor any acts
of their own, but because of the acts ot tlieirlawle.-s
and guilty persecutors. It is a recognized principle
of law that the wrong-doer shall not, under i-n-cr of
the law, derive benefit from his own wicked acts;
and next to a successful result of the late election the
greatest triumph of the bad men who have di.-^r.ivtd
our State will be to profit by the frui's of their own
lawlessness and to be allowed future opportunities
to repeat their intimidations, violence, and murder*.
The i'ranchiso of suffrage is the dearest privilege of
American citizens, and surely the good citizens of a
peaceable locality cannot justly be deprived of the
legitimate effects of the proper exercise ol this power
becauso th cy chance to be in the same neighborhood
or State with localities controlled by desperadoes or
highwaymen. The easeisanalogousto what it would
have been if the election had been wholly ignored
in about one half of the parishes of the State and
held fairly in due form in the remaining p.'ri.-!ic-\
and if citizens and localities can voluntarily di-Ir.ui-
chise themselves temporarily by staying aw.iy iroin
the polls without malice prepense, how much nifie
justly may they do so by infraction of the whulu I ti-
ter and spirit of the law by which the election was
ordered and under which it was held. As iu the
former case the vote cast in localities where tin* elec-
tion was lawfully held would unquestionably have
been legal and binding, soit is evident that the same
rule should be followed m estimating the result of
the late election.
"In the opinion of your committee the General
Assembly should memorialize Congress of the fa ts
respecting the last election, and in the name of the
State of Louisiana protest against the counting of
the pretended electoral vote of the State, cast by
those persons who assumed to act as the Presiden-
tial electors of the State, and reque=t that it be ex-
cluded from the canvass as fraudulent and null.
" Your committee recommend that the Gencril
Assembly request those electors who received .he
highest number of votes in the pari>hes whee a
peaceable and fair election was held to a«-cmble and
cast t^e electoral vote of the State and transmit the
same m the manner prescribed by law.
" Congress should also be requested to admit the
Representatives to Congress who were duly elected
by the votes of the peaceable parishes, excluding the
votes of those in which there was no peaceable or
lawful election."
Mr. SCHEXCK. I believe I must resume
the floor. I cannot consent to permit the gen-
tleman's amendment to be offered. I will ex-
plain why if the gentleman desires rue to do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why cannot the gentle-
man allow it to be introduced as a separate
resolution ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain to the gen-
tleman. I did not expect that a resolution so
simple in its charactar as that which I havu
offered would lead to any protracted debate.
What are the facts ? The Clerk of the House,
who by law is directed to make the roil nf
members, is required to place upon the roll the
names of those who appear by the credentials
which they present to have been elected In ac-
cordance with the laws of their respective State.-:
or of the United States. The Clerk in
up the roll has omitted the names of certain
gentlemen claiming to have been elected mem-
bers from theStateof Louisianaou the ground
that their credentials are imperfect, not show-
ing that there has been an election in accord-
ance with the laws of the State of Louisiana
or of the United States. I now propose that
these credentials shall be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections when appointed, that the
committee may report at as early adny as prac-
ticable whether these persons ought properly
to be admitted to take their seats on those
credentials, confining the investigation tinder
this resolution to the question ofprima J<trie
ease. The gentleman froro Tennessee wants
an investigation of the whole mutter of the
election in Louisiana or of the election in par-
ticular districts. Such an investigation can l,e
ordered by the House immediately alter tlm
adoption of my resolution or at any other time.
If there are petitions from contestants they can
be presented. A resolution can be offered or-
dering, upon rumor or upon contemporaneous
history or anything else, an inquiry into the pro-
