18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Fortieth Congress, and that the Governor of
the State should afterward have given certifi-
cates, based upon the sams election, for the
Forty-First Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. This election was held
in April under that ordinance, was held, as
the ordinance says, " so that said officers shall
each of them hold their offices as though they
were elected on the Tuesday after the first
Monday in November, 1868."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I resume the floor
for the purpose of modifying my resolution so
as to put an end to this discussion.
Mr. JUDD. I desire to discuss this ques-
tion because it is important.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will read my reso-
lution as modified, and then I will yield to my
friend if he desires to discuss it:
Resolved, That the credentials and papers of J. W.
Clift, Nelson Tift, W. P. Edwards. Samuel F. Gove,
C. H. Prince, and P. M. B. Young, claiming seats as
members of the House of Representatives from the
State of Georgia, be referred to the Committee of
Elections, when appointed, with directions to report
to the House whether their papers present a prima
facie right to their seats.
I offer that beeause it is evident that a good
deal of time would be spent in this discussion,
and we might not come to a correct conclusion
after all,
Mr. JUDD. The first resolution of my col-
league was to admit them at once. He now
proposes simply to refer the question to the
Committee of Elections. That was the object
of my rising. From the reading of the papers
at the desk it was utterly impossible for any
one of us to decide what were the exact facts,
and I desired precisely the action that my col-
league has indicated in his last resolution.
Mr. WARD. I hope the resolution as modi-
fied will be adopted.
Mi\ SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] will further modify
his resolution so that it will read: "claiming
seats as members of the House of Representa-
tives of the Forty-First Congress."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly; I will
modify my resolution as suggested.
The question was upon the resolution as
modified.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain very briefly
the reason why I proposed the modification
which the gentleman has accepted. The certifi-
cate in these cases is very peculiar. These
persons are _ represented to have been elected
at an election "for Representatives to the
Congress of the United States," &c. " These
are therefore to commission you, the said W.
P. Edwards"—I am reading from the certifi-
cate before me, but they are all alike—"to
take session in the House of Representatives
of the United States in accordance with said
election," &c. There is no reference made
to any particular Congress. Then I find the
following in the copy of the ordinance attached
to this certificate :
"And the persons so elected or appointed shall enter
upon the duties of the several offices to which they I
have been respectively elected, when authorized so !
to clo by acts of Congress or by the order of the gen- !
oral commanding-, andshall continue in office till the i
regular election provided for in the year 186S, and i
until successors are elected and qualified, so that '
said officers shall, each of them, hold their offices as ■
though they were elected on the Tuesday after the i
first Monday m November, 1868, or elected or an- I
pointed by the General Assembly next thereafter." j
B} the election so held in April they are to ^
be held as elected in November. 1 do not
know that I am as prepared to vote now as I
will be after the report of the Committee of
Elections. Bat I am willing that this matter
.shall be referred to that committee. The
amount of it all is this: these gentlemen were
eiected at the election held in April, and in pur-
suance of that election they have a commission,
which is a sort of roving title, to come into the
ju?ei°if eepresentatives of the United States
and hold seats there through one, two, three,
or as many Congresses as may be until their
successors are appointed.
. Mr- FARNSWORTH. I now call the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS OE THE HOUSE.
Mr. FERRISS. This House not being yet
fully organized, I move, for the purpose of com-
pleting that organization, that we now proceed
to the election of Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms,
Door-keeper, Postmaster, and Chaplain, in the
order I have named.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of privilege, and ask leave to present
the credentials of Hon. John B. Rogers, of
Tennessee, claiming a seat upon this floor as
a Representative from that State at large.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that as a question of privilege so high as
one which relates to the election of the Clerk
of this House, for the question of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Butler] is one re-
lating to a membership which the House has
not as yet recognized as existing.
Mr. WOOD. It is a question of privilege
relating to a seat on this floor. It seems to
me that is a question of higher privilege than
the election of a Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is not so high a question
of privilege as the election of officers neces-
sary to complete the organization of the House.
The motion of Mr.FERRiss was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Nominations are now in
order for Clerk of this House.
Mr. WARD. I nominate Edward McPher-
son, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOKS. Before we proceed to make
nominations for Clerk, as there is no previous
question I desire to say a few words upon that
subject.
Mr. WARD. Is this debatable?
Mr. BROOKS. When I rose to address the
House yesterday a scene of confusion  I
Mr. WARD. I rise to a question of order.
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state I
his point of order. !
Mr. WARD. My point of order is that !
debate is not now in order. '
Mr. BROOKS. The previous question has j
not been called. i
The SPEAKER. The House has resolved j
to proceed to the election of Clerk. The pre- I
vious question was not called, and it is not 1
necessary, because the House without objec- !
tion adopted the resolution of the gentleman i
from New York, [Mr. Ferkiss.] "To pro- '
ceed to the election of Clerk" means to pro- i
ceed to the election forthwith; and the Chair j
will so rule. Nominations for Clerk are still !i
in order. I;
Mr. WARD. I did not call the previous ']
question, because I did not desire to exclude jj
other gentlemen from naming their candi- 1
dates. |!
The SPEAKER. Nominations are still in !j
order. The Chair recognizes the gentleman ;•
from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack.] i;
Mr. BROOKS. As I understand, no other '
person but the gentleman from New York [Mr. 1
Ward] has the floor, and nobody is permitted jl
to nominate any one. ;1
The SPEAKER. The Chair has distinctly ;
stated that other nominations would be re-
eeived, they being in order as a preliminary
step to the election of Clerk; and the Chair
has recognized the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack, ] presuming that he rose to make
a nomination.
Mr. BROOKS. Had I not the floor after
my colleague from New York [Mr. Ward] ;
surrendered it ? :
The SPEAKER. For the purpose of making j
a nomination, if the gentleman rose to make ■'
one. j;
_ Mr. BROOKS. I propose to make a nora- lj
ination, and to state my reasons for supporting ,
the candidate whom I shall nominate,
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rule
that nominations are not debatable.
Mr. NIBLACK. I nominate for Clerk of tbe
House Charles W. Currigan, of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The Chair isnot instructed
as to whether the election shall be by resolution
or by viva voce vote.
Mr. FERRISS. The tenth rule provides
that the election shall be by viva voce vote.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will pro-
ceed to appoint tellers.
Mr. FERRISS. I might read the last line
of the rule, if the Speaker will allow me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is satisfied that
the requirement of the rule is correctly stated
by the gentleman.
Mr. FERRISS. The rule provides that—
"In all cases of election of officers the vote shall
be taken viva voce.'1
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the rule of
1860 prescribes that these elections of officers
shall be viva voce. The eleventh rule requires
that—
" Where other than members of the House may bo
eligible to an office by the election of the House there
shall be a previous nomination."
I had proposed, for the purpose of saving
time, to offer after the nominations had been
made, a resolution providing for the election
of a particular candidate, the resolution being
of course, subject to amendment by striking
out one name and inserting another. It has
been, I know, the practice of the House to do
this, recognizing the proceeding as a viva vnee
vote, inasmuch as the yeas and nays can be
taken.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that under the motion of my colleague
fromNewYork [Mr. Ferriss] "thatthe House
now proceed to the election of Clerk," &e., wo
must proceed to the election directly or forth-
with without any intervening debate or reso-
lutions.
The SPEAKER. And the Chair only enter-
tains suggestions relating to the manner in
which the election shall be made. If no motion
is made varying the customary form of pro-
ceeding, the Chair will appoint as tellers  
Mr. SCHENCK. I have sent to tbe Chair
a resolution which, if adopted, will dispense
with the appointment of tellers.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That L'Jnard tie decinrcl
elected Clerk oi the House uf Representative.- of the
Forty-First Congress,
The SPEAKER. Except on a day when
the rules may be suspended unanimous con-
sent is necessary to make the election in the
manner proposed in this resolution.
Mr. STILES. I object.
Mr. WARD. Let the roll be called, and
each member name the man of his choice for
Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will appoint as
tellers 
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker. I will inquire
whether the precedents are not in favor of
electing in tlie manner I have proposed.
J- he SPEAKER. According to the recol-
lection of the Chair, fortified by the judgment
of the Clerk of the House, the precedents are
directly the other way. The method of pro-
ceeding proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
could be adopted only by unanimous consent
or a suspension of the rules, and the gentle-
man is aware that a motion to suspend the
rules cannot be entertained except on Monday
after the morning hour or on one of the last
ten days of the session.
Mr. SCHENCK. L'nder that decision of
the Chair 1 withdraw my resolution.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair appoints  .s
tellers in the election of Clerk the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ferriss,] the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hopkins.] and
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks. |
Mr. BROOKS. Hie Chair will excuse use.
1 want nothing to do with this election of Olerk!
Ihe SPEAKER, Tin; Ciair appoints in
place of the gentleman from New York tli 
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr Trimbiv, |
