THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that resolution will
not be taken up for consideration.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made; and the question is on the motion to
take up the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the resolution be read
again ; perhaps I do not understand what it is
proposed to take up.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to
taking up that resolution.
Mr. FI3SSENDEN. I think the resolution
should be referred to the committee which has
under consideration the subject of the revision
of the rules. It needs agreat deal of considera-
tion. It ought not to be adopted in its present
form.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. The question is
on proceeding to the consideration of the reso-
lution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I think it had
better not be taken up at present.
The motion to take up the resolution was
not agreed to—ayes ten, noes not counted.
secretary 01? the treasury.
Mr. Horace Porter appeared below the bar
and delivered a message in writing from the
President of the United Slates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that in accordance with the usage of
the Senate it is now his duty to lay before the
Senate the resolutions offered yesterday and
then laid over.
Mr. GRIMES. Before that is done I call
for the reading of the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, which I understand
is a legislative message.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate the message just received
from the President of the United'States.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
Since the nomination and confirmation of Alex-
ander T. Stewart to the office of Secretary of the
Treasury I find that by t.he eighth section of the act
of Congress, approved September 2, 1789, it is pro-
vided as follows, to wit:
"And be it further enacted. That no person appointed
to any office instituted by this act shall directly or
indirectly be concerned or interested in carrying on
the business ot trade or commerce, or be owner in
whole or in part of any sea-vessel, or purchase by
himself or another in trust for him any public lands
or other publi# property, or be concerned in the pur-
chase or disposal of any public securities of any State
or of the united States, or take or apply to his own
use any emolument or gain fornegotiating any busi-
ness m.thc said Department other than what shall
be allowed bylaw; and if any person shall offend
against any of the prohibitions of this act he shall be
deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor and forfeit to
the United States the penalty of S3,000, and shall
upon conviction be removed from office and forever
i hereafter incapable of holding any office under the
United States: Provided, That if any other person
than a public prosecutor shall give information of
any sueh offense upon which a prosecution and con-
viction shall be had one half the aforesaid penalty
ot $3,000, when recovered, shall be for the use ot the
person giving such information."
^ In view of these provisions and the fact that Mr.
Stewart has been unanimously confirmed by theSen-
atc, I would ask that he be exempted by joint resolu-
tion of the two Houses of Congress from the opera-
tions of the same.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C., March 6,18o9.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill, which of
course will have to go over if there is any ob-
jection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The message
of the President is before the Senate, and it
must be disposed of before there can be any
other action.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the message
be laid on the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] asks unanimous
consent to iniroducc a bill.
There being no objection, lp.ave was granted
to introduce the bill (S. No. 31) relating to the
Secretary of llie Treasury ; which was read
twice by its titiu.
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. Let the bill
be read at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported by the Secretary in full.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes
to repeal so much of the act approved Septem-
ber, 2, 1789, entitled "An act to establish the
Treasury Department," as prohibits the Secre-
tary of the Treasury from being concerned in
carrying on the business of trade or commerce ;
and to provide that in no case shall he act on
any matter, claim, or account in which he is
personally interested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the consideration of this bill at. the present
time?
Mr. SUMNER. I object. I think that it
ought to be most profoundly considered before
it is acted upon by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made the bill is not before the body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, that it lie
on the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
consideration of indian treaties.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following resolution, submitted yes-
terday by Mr. Drake :
Resolved, That the thirty-ninth rule of the Senate
be amended by inserting in the fourth line thereof
after the word'* Senate" the words "except those
with Indian tribes."
Mr. DRAKE. During the last session I
introduced a proposition of this description,
which was referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
and that committee made a report in favor of
it, but there was no time to take action upon
it at that session after the report was made. I
presume that there will be no difficulty what-
ever in the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. The only embarrassment
I should feel in voting for this resolution is
that I want to see whether that is the only rule
which need be altered. I am of the opinion
that possibly some of the other rules need al-
teration to make them entirely harmonious,
with this exception. Again, there is one other
consideration, and that is, that if a message
comes to us from the President, who is the
executive branch of the Government, marked
"confidential," I do not know whether we are
at liberty to consider it in any other manner
than in the maimer it is sent to us. I know we
have the right afterward to remove the injunc-
tion of secrecy, and that is common, or at least
it occurs occasionally. If the President sends
to us a message and marks it "confidential"
ought we not to consider it in that light? All
these messages do come from the President
marked inthatway, and we are in the habit of
having them printed in confidence for the use
of the Senate. I submit to Senators, as an
inquiry merely, whether we ought to so change
our rule as not to consider as confidential a
message sent to us by the President marked in
that way, and which lie may deem of import-
ance to have kept confidential?
I would not hastily amend the rule without
considering it, because the President is as
much a part of this Government as the Senate.
When one department of the Government
sends here a message marked "confidential,"
is it respectful for us to say that we will not so
regard it? To be effective this proposition
should go to the extent of requiring the Presi-
dent to mark these messages "legislative."
He ought to send them in as other legislative
communications if we are to consider them so.
I have noobjection, so far as Indian treaties are
concerned, to considering them as we do legis-
lative proceedings, but if so they should come
to us in that way; and I submit to Senators
whether we ought not, out of respect to the
position of the President, to consider all com-
munications in the light in which he sends
them ?
Mr. CONKLING. I think the Senator from
Kansas may dispel the fear that this resolution i
does not fairly and safely present the question '
whether treaties with Indian tribes shall becon- !
sidered in secret or not. His objection seems i
not to be to changing the rule, but to consist
of a hesitation in believing that this mode of
doing it will discreetly accomplish the purpose.
The resolution was introduced originally by
the Senator from .Missouri who moves its con-
sideration now. It was referred to a commit-
tee, and the committee considered several alter-
natives of form in presenting to the considera-
tion of the Senate this question, and enabling
the Senate to accomplish, if it sees fit, this pur-
pose. It was thought at first that it might be
well to add anew rule entire in itself; but upon
further reflection it was the judgment of a
majority of the committee that this was the
better way, and of the whole committee, I think,
that in this way would be obviated all such
criticisms as the SenatorfromKansasnowsug-
gests. I think I can prove to him that in this
latter conclusion the committee undoubtedly
was right by calling his attention to Rule 89,
which as it is very brief I will read :
"All confidential communications made by the
President of the United States to the Senate shall
be by the Senators and officers of the Senate kept
secret."
That part of the rule it is not proposed to
change at all, but only the other member of
the rule, which I will now read :
"And all treaties which may be laid before the
Senate, and all remarks and proceedings thereon,
shall also be kept secret until the Senate shall by
their resolution takeoff the injunction of secrecy,"
With the amendment of the rule suggested
by the committee and advocated by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, the rule would stand pre-
cisely as it does now as to all confidential com-
munications, thereby meaning, according to
the long understanding and practice of the
Senate, communications marked " confiden-
tial," but a treaty merely because of its being
a treaty would not under the latter clause of
the rale be considered in secret unless that,
too, were maiked by the Executive as a confi-
dential communication. Thus it wasthe judg-
ment of the committee that should it be the
pleasure of the Senate to consider Indian trea-
ties openly this form would be well, because
under the rule as thus modified it would be
always at the option of the President to mark
as confidential any papers ho might choose,
including Indian treaties, but it would then be
in order for the Senate, in the absence of an
Indian treaty being for any,reason marked
" confidential," to consider it in open session.
Thus it was supposed that the rule would com-
mit to the President absolutely the discretion
of denoting as confidential everything which
in his judgment might properly be go treated,
so that if in the progress of time an Indian
treaty, for reasons applicable to treaties with
foreign nations or for any other reason, was
thought by the Executive an indiscreet paper
to be published simply by putting the mark
"confidential" upon it it would still go where,
under the rule as it stands, it goes now, into
secret session.
1 say so much, as the Senate will observe,
not by way of advocating the change, yot as
addressed to the merits of this proposition,
but simply as vindicating the form in which
a majority of the committee thought it Weil-to
suggest the change if it is to be made. I have
no hesitation, however, in saying for myself
that I see no reason why Indian treaties, as a
rule, iii instances where they involve no con-
siderations which would lead to detrimentwere
they made public, should be considered in a
closet in any sense. On the contrary, I think
| it would dispel much of misapprehension and
obviate much of bad public impression if they
could be openly considered in the presence
and hearing of the country.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The solution of this pro-
blem, in my judgment, is in the direction of
an amendment that I offered to an appropria-
tion bill the other day and withdrew after hav-
ing accomplished the purpose of directing the
attention of the Senate and the country to the
point that the public lands held now by Indian
tribes, irresponsible, without any character of
nationality, should revert at once to the pos-
session of the United States and be dealt with
