82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcii
, with a recommendation that it pass ; and as it
is verbatim the same bill we passed last week,
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks for the consideration of the bill
just reported by him at the present time.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill {S. No. 43) supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3,1864, intended
to secure a partial redistribution of the bank-
ing circulation, to report it back without
amendment and with a recommendation that
it pass ; and I give notice that I shall call it
up to-morrow or at an early day. It is the
same bill that passed the Senate the other day
with the modifications agreed upon in the com-
mittee of conference.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 07) granting public lands to aid in con-
structing a steamboat-canal in the State of
Florida; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr, RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 58) to authorize the construction of bridges
over the Mississippi and Missouri rivers; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 59)
for the relief of Jordan & MePike; which was
read twiceby its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent ob tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 60)
legalizing the stamping of certain subscription
papers executed and issued to the Iowa North-
ern Central Railroad Company; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNERasked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S. No.
61) to secure the copyright of paintings, draw-
ings, statuary, and models; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 62) to incorporate the National
Junction Railway Company; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. PATTERSON. This bill passed the
Senate at the close of the last session, and I
move that it be printed and lie on the table, to
be called up at an early day.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. SPRA GUE. I ask leave to introduce a
bill of which no previous notice has been given.
It is a bill from the State of Texas, and in the
absence of Senators from that State I have
concluded to offer it without any knowledge of
its merits.
By unanimous consent leave was given to
introduce a bill (S. No. 63) to incorporate the
Island City Harbor Company; which was read
twice by its title, andreferred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. S1EWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 64) to legalize certain land locations;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
63) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in the construction of a breakwater and
harbor and ship-canal at the head of Sturgeon
bay, in the county of Door, in said State, to
connect the waters of Green bay and Lake
Michigan, in said State; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 66) to amend the usury laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 67)
to arch Tiber creek north of Pennsylvania
avenue; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 68)
to incorporate the Masonic Mutual Relief As-
sociation of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 69)
supplementary to the act incorporating the
Newsboys' Home, and providing for the relief
of certain minor children in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 70)
to incorporate the District of Columbia Con-
crete Stone Company; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 71) to facilitate the settlement of accounts
of disbursing officers of the quartermaster's
department; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
72) granting lands to the State of Wisconsin
to aid in construction of the Green Bay and
Lake Pepin railway; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 73) for the relief of the trustees of Albert
G. Sloo; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 74)
to encourage and facilitate telegraphic com-
munication with Europe; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked , and by unanimous j
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. i
No. 75) regulating the rights of property of j
married women in the District of Columbia; J
which was_ read twice by its title, referred to j
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 76)
concerning divorces in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 77) for the preservation of the harbors
and navigable rivers of the United States
against encroachments; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 78) to relinquish the interest of the United
States in certain lands to the city and county
of San Francisco ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 79) to further define the nature arid ex-
tent of the duties and powers of the coroner
of the District of Columbia, and prescribing
his fees and manner of collecting the same ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to.
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 8) for the relief of settlers
upon the absentee Shawnee lands in Kansas ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 9) granting the right, of way
to the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad
Company, from El Paso to the Pacific ocean ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a jointreso-
tion (S. 11. No. 10) directing the Secretary ot"
War to sell Bergen Heights arsenal ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 11) extending the time to
construct a railroad from the St. Croix river
or lake to the west end of Lake Superior and
to Bayfield ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMERQY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 12) authorizing the sale
of a portion of the Fort Leavenworth military
reservation to the Kansas Agricultural and Me-
chanical Association of Leavenworth county,
for fair grounds in the State of Kansas ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 13) to prohibit sales of
goid belonging to the Treasury of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
TENCRE-OF-OFFICE LAW.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1) to repeal the act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that that bill
was yesterday, under the general order then
made, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; and the only manner in which it can be
brought before the Senate for action wiil be by-
discharging the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make that motion, be-
cause it was referred by a misapprehension.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its considera-
tion to-day.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. It is always in order to
discharge a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion must lie over
a day if objected to.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the bill was reportc-i
it must lie over a day unless by unanimous
consent; but a motion to discharge a commit-
tee is always in order.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to state that when
I introduced the bill I moved that it lie on the
table for the present, and stated that J .-!i<m!.l
call it up to-morrow; that is, on the then next
day. I did not intend to have it referred. I
intended to ask for its consideration without a
rfiftirGnc©
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Committee on the
Judiciary be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill.
