i m9.
the congressional ulobjs.
18
Mr. SUMNER. That is in the nature of a
resolution, and I object to its consideration the
day it is made, under the rules of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The practice of the Sen-
ate is different. The motion to discharge a
committee is always in order. It is rather
unusual; but still if a majority are disposed to
do it, it can be done.
Mr. SUMNER.. The Senator knows very
well that it is a motion very rarely made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am aware that it is a
very rare motion.
Mr. SUMNER. It is not made onee in three
years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only make it now be-
cause the bill was by inadvertence referred. It
was covered by a general motion with a large
number of other bills. When my friend from
Nebraska introduced the hill he gave notice
that he would call it up without a reference.
It is a question on which every member can
act, and the committee which originally re-
ported the tenure-of-office bill, I believe, is
not now on the list of committees of the body.
The Committee on Retrenchment expired with
the last Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that the rulings have been variant on
this question ; but the ChaL- is of the opinion
that this motion, being in the nature of a reso-
lution, must lie over one day unless by unan-
imous consent. Objection being made by the
Senator from Massachusetts, the motion must
lie over for one day.
alaska ritr-bearing animals.
Mr. FERRY. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 32) to prevent the extermination of
fur-bearing animals in Alaska. The bill was
introduced by me a few days ago with the state-
ment that it was verbatim the same bill that
passed the Senate during the last days of the
last session and failed in the House of Repre-
sentatives for want of time. As the season for
taking these animals commences in June, it is
desirable that the bill should be passed as
speedily as possible. As I have already said,
this is verbatim the same bill that we passed
less than a week ago. I move that it be taken
up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 32) to prevent the extermination of fur-
bearing animals in Alaska was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
it shall be unlawful to kill any fur-seal upon
the islands of St. Paul and St. George, or in
the waters adjacent thereto, except during the
months of June, July, September and Octo-
ber in each year; and it shall be unlawful to
kill such seals at any time by the use of fire-
arms ; but the natives of the islands are to
have the privilege of killing such young seals
as may be absolutely necessary for their own
food and clothing during other months, and
also such old seals as may be required for their
own clothing and for the manufacture of boats
for their own use, which killing shall be limited
and controlled by such regulations as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is declared to be unlawful to kill any fe-
male seal or any seal less than one year old
at.any season of the year except as thus pro-
vided, and also to be unlawful to kill any seal
in the waters adjacent to those islands, or on
t' e beaches, cliffs, or rocks where they haul up
from the sea to remain. Any person who shall
violate either of these provisions is to be pun-
ished, on conviction, for each offense by a fine
of not less than $200 nor more than $1,000,
or by imprisonment not exceeding six months,
or by such tine and imprisonment both, at the
discretion of the court having jurisdiction and
taking cognizance of the offense: and all ves-
sels, their tackle, apparel, and furniture, whose
crew shall be found engaged in the violation
of any of the provisions ot theact are to be for-
feited to the United States.
For the period of ten years from and after
the passage of the act the number of fur-seals
which may be killed for their skins upon the
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 3.
island of St. Paul is limited and restricted to
seventy five thousand per annum; and the num-
ber of fur-seals which may be killed for their
skins upon the island of St. George is limited
and restricted to twenty-five thousand per an-
num. The Secretary of the Treasury m any
contract made by authority of the act is to re-
serve the power to restrict and limit the right
of killing if it shall become necessary for the
preservation of the seals, with such propor-
tionate reduction of the rents reserved to the
Government as shall be right and proper.
The Secretary of the Treasury is to lease
separately, to the best advantage, for a term
of ten years from the 1st day of April next,
the right to engage in the business of taking
fur-seals on the islands of St. Paul and St.
George, and to send a vessel or vessels to those
islands for the skins of such seals, giving to
the lessee.or lessees of each island a lease duly
executed, in duplicate, not transferable, and
taking from the lessee or lessees of the island
of St. Paul a bond, with sufficient sureties,
in a sum not less than $120,000, and from the
lessee or lessees of the islaud of St. George a
bond of like sureties 111 a sum not. less than
$40,000, conditional for the faithful observ-
ance of all the laws and requirements of Con-
gress and of the regulations of the Secretary
of the Treasury touching the subject-matter of
taking fur seals and disposing of the same, and
for the payment of all taxes and dues accru-
ing to the United States connected therewith.
In making these leases the Secretary of the
Treasury is to have due regard to the preserv-
ation of the seal fur trade of the islands and
the support of the natives thereof. The lessees
are to furnish to the several masters of vessels
employed by them certified copies of the leases
held by them respectively, which shall be pre-
sented to the Government revenue officer for
the time being who may be in charge at the
islands, as the authority of the party for land-
ing and taking skins.
At the expiration of the term of ten years,
or on surrender or forfeiture of any lease, other
leases may be made in the same manner for
other terms of ten years ; but no persons other
than American citizens shall be permitted, by
lease or otherwise, to occupy the islands, 01-
either of them, for the purpose of taking the
skins of fur-seals therefrom, nor shall any for-
eign vessel be engaged in taking such skins ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall vacate
and declare any lease forfeited if the same
be held or operated for the use, benefit, or ad-
vantage, directly or indirectly, of any person or
persons, other than American citizens. Every
lease shall contain a covenant 011 the part of
the lessee that he will not keep, sell, furnish,
give, or dispose of any distilled spirits or spir-
ituous liquors on either of the islands to any
of the natives thereof, such person not being
a physician and furnishing the same for use as
medicine; and any person who shall kill any
fur seal on either of the islands, or in the
waters adjacent thereto, (excepting natives, as
provided by the act.,) without authority of the
lessees thereof, or either of them, and any per-
son who shall molest, disturb, or interfere with
the lessees, or either of them, or their agents
or employes in the lawful prosecution of their
business, under the provisions of theact, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor.
In addition to the rental provided for, a rev-
enue tax or duty of one dollar is to be laid
upon each fur-seal skin taken and shipped
from the islands, to be paid by the party tak-
ing the same into the Treasury of the United
States; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
empowered to make all ueedful rules and reg-
ulations for the collection and payment of the
same, for the comfort and protection of the
natives of the islands, and also for carrying
into full effect all the provisions of the act.
The Secretary of the Treasury may terminate
any lease given to any person, company, or
corporation, on full and satisfactory proof of
the willful violation of any of the provisions
of the act or the rules and regulations estab-
lished by him.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is "wslj kpa*v« th^ op
animals of the sea or the forest can escape
destruction by the unrestrained p,ctio;i of th$
American people. My inquiry to the Senator
from Connecticut upon this very important
matter is, whether it is the design or the policy
of the committee to so instruct the Secretary
of the Treasury that he will create a large fur-
bearing company, like the Hudson bay or the
American, or whether it is the intention to
district this territory or to lease the ground
or the territory to a variety of companies, and
otherwise to explain the general tendency of
the bill?
Mr. FERRY. The two islands mentioned
in this bill, recently acquired from the Russian
Government, have been for many years the
principal seal of the trade in the fur-seala,
where that animal alone is captured in num-
bers that are remunerative to those who arg
engaged in the business. During the whole
period the seals and their capture have been
under rigid regulations by the Russian Gov-
ernment for the purpose of preventing their
being destroyed in a short space of time. The
action of the Russian Government has been
such that, although had the fishery been open
and unrestrained the seals doubtless would
many years ago have been destroyed, they
have been protected and the fishery continued
profitable np to the time when the islands xere
taken possession of by our Government
When they were taken possession of by our
Government parties both from the Atlantic
and Pacific coast immediately engaged in the
business, being particularly two companies of
merchants, one from San Francisco and the
other from New London, Connecticut. To
prevent the destruction of the animalsour Gov-
ernment last summer sent a war vessel, the
Wyandotte, in order, of its own authority, to
regulate as far as possible the trade and pre-
vent the extermination of the animals. Un-
doubtedly too large a number were destroyed
last summer; but the effect of sending the
vessel there and the control exercised over the
trade was such as to prevent any serious injury
to the future growth of these seals.
The present bill proposes to give to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury a power somewhat dis-
cretionary, for it is absolutely necessary that
it should be somewhat discretionary for the
protection of this interest. It is not intended
that he should devolve any monopoly upon
anybody. The two principal islands are each
made a district, and the Secretary is authorized
to lease each of these districts to the best ad-
vantage. The diacretion which is conferred
upon him is found in these words, "to the best
advantage.'' It was thought by the committee,
and it was testified to by all parties familiar
with the seal fishery upon these islands, that
it was better thus to leave this amount of dis-
cretion than to place the ordinary condition of
a lease to the highest bidder, as leasing to the
highest bidder causes fictitious bids to be intro-
duced forthe purposeof levying biack-maii upon
those who would actually engage in the trade.
The danger which would then arise would^ be
that irresponsible parties, anxious only for im-
mediate gain and careless of the rapid destruc-
tion of the fishery, would obtain interests in
it. Those who were interested and engaged in
this traffic last summer, both from the Atlantic
and Pacific coast, appeared before the com-
mittee and testified fully, and it was the opinion
of all parties concerned that dividing the islands
into these two districts, the limitation of the
number of seals that should be taken 011 each
island per annum, the restriction as to the
mode of taking provided by this bill, which is
in accordance with the habit of the seals, would
accomplish the object, and that under the pro-
visions of this bill a seal-fishery which will
bring to the Government an income ot&iOO,w)
per annum may be continued for an indefinite
period of time; but that without the enact-
ment of some such lawasthis ail extermination
of the fishery would inevitably follow in a very
short space of time. .
I am myself familiarly acquainted with gen-
