34
THE OOKGKMSSlOHiX GLOBE.
March
tie men of great intelligence and entire integrity
who have been engaged in this fishery and who
desire-to engage farther in-it, and: who desire
to so engage in it as that the animals shall be
protected and the fishery continue for genera-
tions to come, and whose most earnest wish is
to prevent the sudden extermination of the
seal.
I believe the bill to-have been wisely framed
for all- these purposes. It was very carefully
eonsictered in- committee at the last session
and a large amount of testimony taken. The
Senate amended the bill originally reported by
the committee so as to be precisely that which
is now before this body; and I do not think it
can be improved, either for the purpose of pro-
tecting the fishery, for the purpose of encour-
aging the commerce in these seals, or for the
purpose of benefiting the Treasury of the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
The following message was received from
the President of the United States, by Mr.
Horace Poster, his Secretary, and read :
To the Senate of the United Stales :
I have.the honor to request to be permitted to
withdraw from the Senate of the United States my
message of the 6th instant, requesting the passage of
a joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress to
relieve the Secretary of the Treasury from the dis-
abilities imposed by section eight of the act of Con-
gress approved September 2,1789.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, D. C., March 9,1869.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The message is
before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It requires no action.
Let it lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it lie on the
table and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts move3 that the message
lie on the table and be printed. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the request
of the President be granted.
The motion was agreed to.
LAWS OF LAST SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States :
I transmit to the Senate, in compliance with its
resolution of the 5th instant, a report from the Sec-
retary of State, communicating a list of public and
private acts and resolutions passed at the third ses-
sion of the Fortieth Congress, which have become
laws either by approval or otherwise.
S. GRANT,
Washington, D. C., March 9,1869.
Mr. ANTHONY. That list I suppose is
very short, and I nropose to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It appears to be
of some length.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that it lie on the
table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to introduce a bill
for the purpose of reference.
Mr. DRAKE. I object. I object to any-
thing out of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 12.
Mr. MORTON. I would inquire for inform-
ation, inasmuch as it is not yet one o'clock,
whether it. is out of order to introduce a bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, that order
of business having been closed and the Senate
having proceeded with other business. To
introduce a bill without notice requires unani-
mous consent in any event.
Mr. MORTON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I merely wish to say that I
desire very much that we should get rid of the
disorderly manner of conducting business into
which this Senate fell for a long time, and I
desire to do that by objecting to the introduc-
tion of anything that is out of order as to time.
It is not from any desire to interfere with the
wishes of any Senator present: but we had
fallen into such a condition of disorder here
about the transaction of business that I do
desire that we shall get out of that condition.
For that reason it is, and for that alone, that I
object to the introduction of any bill out of
order. If it is in order now to introduce a bill
of this kind after passing over the morning
hour, and the Chair so decides, I will not say
a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not so decided. The morning hour business
sometimes is concluded before one o'clock,
when the Senate proceeds to consider other
business before one o'clock; but the President
of the Senate has closed each order of the
morning hour and that business goes over for
the day unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, if 1 understand the
Chair, it is not directly out of order to in-
troduce a bill now and have it ordered to be
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
think not, as it does not interrupt any other
business. Still, the regular order having been
concluded, the Senator has a right to object-
Mr. DRAKE. I will not object if it is not
out of order.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 80) to punish the collection of illegal taxes
on passengers; and it was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 82) to pay Charles Weile for services per-
formed as consul at Tumbez, Ecuador ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move thatthe Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
12, to authorize the New York, Newfoundland,
and London Telegraph Company to land its
sub-marine cable upon the shores of the Uni-
ted States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Was that bill
reported to-day?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. If there be no objection the
bill is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Ne-
vada objects to that bill I move to take up
Senate bill No. 43, reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance, regulating the distribution of
bank circulation. 1 will state that the bill has
already passed the Senate in the same form it
is now, and I make this motion in order to
facilitate its passage in the other House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
Mr. NORTON. I object.
Mr. GRIMES. If nobody would object I
should like to present a petition praying for a
pension.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
MRS. MARGARET RIDDLE.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Commit-
tee on Claims he discharged from ihe further
consideration of the bill for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret Riddle.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the Committee on
Claims be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill for the benefit of Margaret
Riddle, widow and executrix of George Read
Riddle. It reqnires unanimous consent. Is
there any objection ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is a bill reported
favorably on by the Committee on Claims at
the last session. The claimant is the widow of
one of our deceased colleagues, Senator Rid-
dle, of Delaware ; and at the request of Mrs.
Riddle, who has made sundry applications, I
have, to save my own time as well as the tiane
of other Senators, concluded to make the mo-
tion I now do. I am also authorized by the
present Comraittee on Claims to make the re-
port and to ask the present consideration of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The- Cliair is
informed by the Secretary that this bill has
not been introduced at this session and referred
to the Committee on Claims-. It was at the last
session, but died with the session. The papers
have been again referred, but the bill itself has
not been.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. Davis informed me
that, such was his action. I preseot the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understand the Chair to
say it has not been introduced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been.
The Senator has sent it up, however, in print.
Mr. GRIMES. That cannot be done.
Mr. SPRAGUE.. By unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill can be
introduced by unanimous consent.
Mr. GRIMES. It would be rather going
beyond anything we have done here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa object?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce the bill (S. No. 81) for the benefit
of Margaret Riddle, widow and executrix of
George Read Riddle, deceased; and it was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to appropriate $2,000
in full satisfaction for supplies for the Army of
the United States taken from George Read
Riddle during the late rebellion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has that ever been re-
ported by a committee?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir-, there is a long
report from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
made by Mr. Davis, from the Committee on
Claims, on the 26th of February last;
This is a claim presented by Margaret Riddle, ex-
ecutrix and devisee of George Read Riddle, deceased,
for Army supplies taken from the farm of the de-
ceased during the late rebellion. The account con-
taining the particulars is filed and amounts to $3,222.
being for eleven horses, besides hogs, sheep, corn,
hay, and a small amount of other articles not prop-
erly Army supplies. All this property was, when
taken, on the farm of Mr. Riddle, in the county of
Jefferson, West Virginia, near Harper's Ferry. Gen-
eral James Wilson proves that this property was
taken, and that "by direction of the proper mil-
itary authority the troops of the third cavalry divis-
ion, which he commanded, were permitted and di-
rected to take all kinds of supplies, including horses,
cattle, sheep, forage, and grain that eould be found in
the county, without receipting or paying for the
same; and that it had been reported to him, tbesaid
James H. Wilson, that a^ farm belonging to Hon.
George Read Riddle, of Wilmington, Delaware, lying
in the Shenandoah valley, county ot Jefferson afore-
said. had, in common with otherfarms, been stripped
of the valuable property and stock belonging to it;
but what the property and stock consisted of he has
no means of knowing. He is satisfied, however, thit
whatever may have been upon the aforesaid farm
useful to troops was taken by tho United Siaua
troops," itc.
General T, A. Xorbett'sproof is tothesame effect,
with this addition: " I visited the farm after General
Lee's surrender, and know that it was devastated of
all the valuable stock and forage, and I believe thai
the most of itwas token for the United States troopj,
the cavalry under my command," &c.
John L. Lancaster, the tenant of Riddle, proves
that all the property contained in tbeaccount herein
filed was taken by and for the use of the United
States troops in the valley ; and he proves that tho
property so taken was of the value as therein stated.
The-committee have rejected the charges for all
property not properly Army supplies, and theprieea
charged for the horses being largely above those paid
by the Government generally, the committee have
reduced the prices accordingly, and have reached
the conclusion that $2,000 would be the lair and rea-
sonable price for tho horsei and other military sup-
plies taken from the said George Read Riddle, and
tbey herewith report a bill to pay his executrix and
devisee that amount.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to object to
the passage of this bill; it seems ungracious
to do so ; and yet I can hardly distinguish it
from cases of property taken from other loyal
citizens in the Shenandoah valley thatwe have
not paid for. ^ There may be no law against
paying this claim ; but during the war we were
constantly taking property for military use,
