1869.
THE COiS! UlUiSSiOJN1 AL GLOBE.
and unless the officers taking it gave vouchers
for it it has not beeu paid for. I would not
myself offer any opposition particularly to this
bill; but it may be a precedent by which we
shall have to meet claims of another character
embracing vastly more. Having called the
attention of the Senate to it I have discharged
my duty.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In my judgment each of
these claims should stand on its own merits.
J know nothing of the merits of this particular
claim ; I only know that Mrs. Riddle is the
widow of a Senator here whom I knew. I also
know that the matter came under the consider-
ation of the Committee on Claims and that
they gave it the consideration which the report
indicates. It is sufficient for me to know that
they have given it their consideration and have
come to a conclusion ; and to save the time of
the Senate and of Senators and my own 1 have
taken the action that I have.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think this bill had bet-
ter go over until to-morrow. I learn from the
chairman of the late Committee on Claims at
the last session that he is not at all sure, if I
correctly understand him, that the bill ought,
to pass. I think it had better go over until
to-morrow for consideration.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think that is exceedingly
unfair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Rhode Island will suspend his remarks
for a moment, the Chair is of opinion that the
objection is now too late ; but he will submit
his ruling to the Senate if it shonld bs doubted,
he not being entirely familiar with the practice
of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending ques-
tion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the parliamentary condition of this ques-
tion. The Senator from Rhode Island rose
and asked unanimous consent that the Com-
mittee on Claims be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill in regard to Mrs.
Ridd^ and that the same be considered by
the Senate at the present time. The Chair
asked if there was any objection, but none was
interposed. Subsequently, however, it was
disclosed that the bill had been referred to tho
Committee on Claims at the last Congress,
but had not been reintroduced at this Con-
gress, and only papers in regard to it had been
referred. The Chair stated that condition of
things. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
at first proposed to object, but aiterward with-
drew the objection. The Chair then stated
that the bill was before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It has now been debated,
and the Chair thinks, according to his con-
struction of parliamentary law, that it is now
too late to make the objection, unanimous
consent having twice been given.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I respectfully submit that
unanimous consent has not been given to its
third reading, because it is not yet determined
that it shall be read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the Senator from Ver-
mont has correctly represented the Senator
from Wisconsin, 1 must beg leave to say that I
asked that Senator whether I could report the
bill as from the committee, provided I received
the assent of a majority of the committee fa-
vorable to the report, and he assented to it.
Obtaining that, I made the repoit. Had the
Senator from Wisconsin at that time stated
that there was any doubt as to the propriety or
genuineness of the claim I should not have
taken the action I did. I consider it rather
unfair to be placed in that position by anybody.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Rhode'
Island is entirely correct. T did give my
consent to have this bill reported back from
the committee. It was reported by the Com-
mittee on Claims—I suppose for the same
amount; I do not recollect about that—by a
majority of the committee in the last Congress,
just before the close of the Congress. I have
some difficulty in finding any principle upon
which to rest this claim. I do not know that
the principle was very well defined in the re-
port of the committee. I have not seen that
report. Rut the amount which is proposed t.o
be granted by the bill is very small, and I did
not propose to make any opposition to it. I
have no doubt this claimant suffered severely,
and I was entirely willing to see the amouut
named in this bill appropriated for her use.
Still, if I was asked to state the grounds upon
which the claim is to be defended, it would
embarrass me to do so consistently with any
rules of law that 1 know of. I did not mean
to make any apposition to the bill nor to have
any made in my name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam sure my friend from
Wisconsin will do me the justice to say that I
did not misrepresent what he stated to me. If
he meant to state it as a mere piece of private
information, then I was wrong in communi-
cating it to the Senate ; but my purpose in
applying to the chairman of the committee was
to obtain infoi mutton with a view to this de-
bate, and having obtained it I felt at liberty
to use it. But the result my friend comes to
is exactly the one I intended to state, and that
is that the chairman of the committee cannot
now see any principle upon which this bill can
be supported. That is the proposition, and
when you study the report it will not be very
difficult for other Senators, I think, to come to
the same conclusion exactly. Now, this may
be a very worthy claim. So far as (he claim-
ant is concerned I dare say it is. This lady
would like to have her money. So would
everybody else whose farm has been devastated
by the armies on the one side or the other;
but the question is whether the nation is pre-
pared to go into a consideration of that species
of claim, where, in the language of the report,
it was a devastation made by an army sweep-
ing to and fio through this valley in the course
of military and warlike operations. Why, sir,
it is as much beyond the Sue Murphey case
and the case that was up the other day of the
same nature—I have forgotten the name of
it—to my humble apprehension, as possible.
Therefore 1 hope that the Senator from Rhode
Island will consent to let this matter go over
until to-morrow, that we may consider it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a short statement
in explanation of this claim. The property
was taken from the farm of the late Senator
Riddle, which farm is situated in West Vir-
ginia. The two commanders of the cavalry
forces in that valley prove that they ordered
all property of the description that is embodied
in this account against the United States to be
seized by the subordinate military authorities,
and they interdicted any receipts from being
given for it. The overseer of Mr. Riddle proves
positively and explicitly that all of this prop-
erty was taken from his farm for the use of the
United States Army. It was taken by the
Army and for the Army, and taken to the camp
for the use of the soldiers. That evidence is
corroborated by the proof of Generals Wilson
and Toi'bett.
Air. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to inquire of him, as he made the report,
at what date it was that this property was
taken ? The report is silent as to the time.
Mr. DAVIS. It was in 1865, with the ex-
ception of one or two items.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What time in 1865?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not recollect the date ;
but the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Wil-
ley,] who is a member of the committee,
knew, and it was stated at the time the subject
was up for consideration, that all of the prop-
erty except one or two items had been taken
after West Virginia had been erected into a
State. There is no doubt about that. This is
simply a ease of private property taken for
public use from a loyal citizen within a loyal
State. The property amounted to eleven horses,
which was the great body of the property for
which the committee allowed any compensa-
tion, and the value of those horses was reduced
nearly one half. They were reduced to the
Army limit in the purchase of horses accord-
ing to the rules of the Military Department, and
the claim was reduced from $3,222 to $2,000.
I think it is a very just claim, and it ought to
be paid.
Mr. WILLEY. West Virginia became a
State in June, 1863. I cannot recall to recol-
lection just now, not having the case specially
in my investigation 
Mr. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, it was in 18(54 that this property
was taken. I was mistaken as to the year.
Mr. WILLEY. My general recollection is
that the accounts show the seizure after the
erection of West Virginia into a State. The
evidence was very clear that the property was
taken. The claimant of this property is not a
citizen of West Virginia. She is a citizen of
the State of Delaware, having a farm lying in
the couuty of Jefferson, in the State of West
Virginia. That the amount of property was
taken is very clearly proven. So far as that
property consisted of corn and hay and pro-
vender, which would naturally go to the use
of our armies, there can be no question that
our armies received the benefit of that property
for legitimate purposes, the support of our
troops and the horses of our troops.
It is proper and but fair that I should state
that in regard to the horses, inasmuch as there
were no certificates given, there was room to
doubt whether those horses might not have been
seized by individual officers or by soldiers in
the Army upon their own account as mere tres-
passers, appropriating the property so seized
to their individual use. I confess that I had
some doubts about that. There mere no facts
tending to that conclusion other than what you
might infer from the nature of the circum-
stances and from the knowledge we have of
such kind of operations during a border war-
fare. The officers who testified in the case
state very clearly and distinctly that they have
no doubt that this property was seized as al-
leged in the account, and went to the benefit
of the United States service.
The manner in which these seizures were
made was this: a raid would be ordered ; the
troops would sweep across the country ; night
would overtake them on the farm of Senator
Riddle. There is corn in the bins; there is
hay in the meadows; there is provender there
at hand for the purpose of feeding the troops,
it was an every-day occurrence that such arti
cles were seized for the use of the Army ; and
it was an every-day occurrence also that horses
were seized to supply the places of others who
had given out in the service of the raid.
Mr. President, it would be a very hard case
if this lady should be subjected to' the loss of
her property. I have stated the case fairly, as
it seemed to me upon an investigation of it,
and the Senate can judge what is pioper to be
done in the premises as well as I. This lady
is not a constituent of mine, and therefore I
felt more especially at liberty to remain silent
until 1 had been referred to in the discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On reading over this
. repoit more carefully I am satistied that tho
| matter ought to be recommitted to the Com-
I mittee on Claims, or committed rather, as it
! appears in this Congress it has not been there.
' The report is silent as to when this taking took
place. It states it to have been near Harper's
Ferry, in the valley of the Shenandoah and the
Potomac, at their junction somewhere, which
we all know was almost all the time the theater
of war. What the particular circumstances
were under which this property was taken, if
indeed it was taken at all by our troops, does
not appear in the report. Now, it this prop-
erty was taken or destroyed in the course of
an aggressive military operation, either to keep
itoutof thehandsot' the rebels or to condemn
it for military use in the immediate progress of
warfare, then, according to what we have hith-
erto decided, it would not be a subject of
claim. As I say, the report is entirely silent
on all these important facts. 1 think, there-
fore, it is doing no injustice to this claimant u,
have the case committed to the Committee mi
Claims, to have these facts reported in full,
that we may know fuily as to the justice of this
