36
THE C0N6KI&SIONAL &LGBI.
March 9,
claim, and as it respects a precedent for tbe
future, exactly what it is we ate doing ; and I
make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to refer the bill to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Pending that motion I
desire to make a remark. In the investigation
of the question that may then come op, being
on that committee, it may be that I shall be
bound to take an adverse view of the subject;
but this much I desire to say to the Senator,
from Vermont: if an irregular, irresponsible
army should happen to move into the State of
Rhode Island and take my horses as it took
those of Mr. Riddle, it would seem to me that
I should have a just claim against the United
States, whether they were rebels in that State
or rebels who had moved from Massachusetts
or other States.
Perhaps in view of the action of the Senate
in regard to prior claims of this kind atten-
tion may as well be called to the acts of civil-
ized nations in respect to property that they
take in moving through an enemy's country.
Prussia paid every dollar that she took for the
use of her army. It is true that her armies
were disciplined and ours were irregular and
undisciplined; but, sir, for that irregularity ^
and for that want of discipline the United
States may be bound. It is my just opinion in
relation to this and such like claims for the
appropriation of the publie money that it is
not altogether in that direction that gentlemen
can save the people's money.
All that it requires here since I have been
a member in order to obtain money from the
Treasury is that there shall be a favorable
report from some irresponsible, or it may be
responsible, officer of some one of your Depart-
ments, and if I am correct in my judgment
there is little attention paid as to whether those
demands made on the Treasury are based on
correct national policy or to the advantage
even of the Departments or of the people. I
believe that the Government of the United
States and the people can pay, and they desire
to pay, just claims; and in my opinion each
claim should be determined upon its merits
and not upon any policy which may be thought
necessary in order to establish a general rule
here or elsewhere.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont to
refer the bill to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 9, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
■RESIGNATION OP HON. E. li. WASHBURNE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication ; which was laid on
the table:
■Washington, D. C., March 6,1869.
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the
Forty-Jtirst Congress :
I hereby resign nay seat as a member of the Forty-
First Congress from the third distiicl of the State of
Illinois.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, B. B. WASHBURNE.
election of chaplain.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the conclusion of the unfinished business,
the election of officers; and the officer to be
elected is the Chaplain of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected that
the question of a suitable selection for Chap-
lain having been considered by a number of
members, the name of a gentleman eminently
suitable for the office was the other day sug-
gested, a friend of the gentleman from Chicago,
[Mr. Jotd.] Until we have heard from him I
should not feel at liberty to present the name
of the gentleman whom I should desire to see
made the Chaplain.
Mr. J UDD. I desire to state to those of my
friends who were so kind as to express their
intention to support Rev. Dr. Eddy for the post
of Chaplain, that he has signified to me that
he cannot accept the position. I therefore nom-
inate for Chaplain Rev. John G. Butler, D. D.,
of this eit.y.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I nominate Rev. Rich-
ard Haney, of Illinois.
Mr. RANDALL. I nominate Rev. John
Chambers, of Philadelphia.
Mr. WOODWARD. I nominate Rev. Til-
man Jackson, an Episcopal clergyman of this
city.
Mr. VOORHEES. I nominate Rev. James
McKinney, of Indiana.
The SPEAKER. Five persons have been
nominated for the position of Chaplain of the
House. Is it tbe pleasure of the House that
the election shall proceed as in the case of the
other officers, except the Speaker and the Clerk?
Mr. GARFIELD. Five persons having been
! put in nomination for this office, I move that
the roll be called, and that the election be made
/viva voce.
The motion was agreed to.
The Speaker appointed as tellers Mr. Judd,
Mr. Mayxard, Mr. Randall, and Mr. Kerr.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the nomin-
ation of Rev. Richard Haney.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce
for Chaplain, with the following result, which
was announced by Mr. Maynard on behalf of
the tellers:
Whole number of votes cast 158, necessary
to a choice 80; of which—
Rev. John G. Butler received 112
Rev. John Chambers received  10
Rev. Tilman .Jackson received  16
Rev. James McKinney received  14
The following is the vote in detail:
For llf-v John G. Bvtle)—Messrs. Allison. Ambler,
Arnell, Asper, Bailey, Beaman, Bcatty, Benjamin,
Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Boles. Boutwell, Boyd,
Buffinton. Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill. Clarke, AmasaCobn.
Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles,
Cullom, l)awes, Deweese, Dickey, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, Dyer, i'arnsworth, i'crnss, Ferry, Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fitelj, Garfield, llawkins. Havvley.llay,
lleaton, Hill,Hooper,Hopkins, Hutch kiss, Ingersoll,
Alexander h. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kulley, Keisey,
Ketcham, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Lynch, Maynard, McGrew, Jesse H. Moore.
William Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, O'Neill,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Prosser, Rogers, Roots. Sanford, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Scofield, John A. Smith, "William J. Smith,
Worthingtou C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stokes, Strickland, Taffc, Tanner, Tillman, Town-
send, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wheeler. Whittemore, Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans, and
Witeher—112.
For liey. John Chambers—Messrs. Adams, Archer,
Crebs, Eldridge, Golladay, Haldeman, Ilamill, Mar-
shall, Mofifet, Mungen, Randall, Reading, Rice,
Stiles, Van Auken, and Van Trump—16.
For Rev. Tilman Jackson—Messrs. Axtell, Bird,
Calkin, Cleveland.Hoag, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Mayham, McCoitniek Potter, Stone, Strader, Trim-
ble, Eugene M. Wilson v Wood, and Woodward—16.
For liev. James McKinney—Messrs. Beck, Biggs,
Burr, Dickinson, Ilolman, lveir, Knott, McNecly,
Niblac-k, Reeves, Shumalcer, Sweeney, Voorhees,
and Winchester—14.
The SPEAKER. Rev. John G. Butler
having received a majority of all the votes cast
is duly elected Chaplain of the House.
joint committee on ordnance.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to offer some reso-
lutions, with the permission of the House, for
the appointment of certain select committees.
I offer first the following, in reference to a joint
Committee on Ordnance:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there shall
be appointed a joint select Committee on Ordnance,
consisting of three members of the Senate, and three
membersof the House, to which shall be referred all
matters in relation to ordnance and ordnance stores
which shall comein question and be referred to them
by either House during the Forty-first Congress, and
whose duty it shall also be to report from time to
time such measures in reference to those subjects a«
to thesaid committee may seem adwsable: andthcre
is hereby referred to said committee all paper* and
matters which were referred to or under considera-
tion of the joint select Committee on Ordnance of tbe
Fortieth Congress, and all unfinished Jmsinc?' re-
ported from said joint select committee in that Con -
gress. .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
election of members from louisiana.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a privileged
question. I offer the following preamble and
resolution, and unless some gentleman desires
information I call the previous question:
Whereas the Governor of the State of Louisiana
has declared officially that the election held in the
Stateof Louisiana on the 3d of November, 1858, "did
not elicit an honest will ol the people, and that tbe
result was attained by the most shameless resort to
murder.assassination, tumult,and intimidation, not
to speak of proscription, that was ever known in this
country, and that to allow it to go as the expressed
will of the people would be an outrage upon repub-
lican institntion^and ruinous to good government
here for years to come; "and whereas a.joint com-
mittee of the Legislatureof thatStatem theirolliciul
report declare "that tbe so-c tiled cieetion in par-
ishes which were in a state of anarchy was no elec-
tion, and that the returns from those parishes are
null and void and bhould not be counted; they do
not express the free, unrestrained choicc ot the peo-
ple, bat are merely the registry of the dictates of
armed mobs and brute force; " and "that Congress
should also be requested to admit the Representatives
to Congress who were duly elected by tile vote* ol the
peaceable parishes, excluding the votes of those in
which there was no peaceable election ; "and whereas
it is averted thatsever;il of the pei.-ons elaimiog
to have been eleetcd at the said cieetion as Repre-
sentatives in the Forty-First Congress are disqual-
ified under the Constitution and laws of the United
States from holding any olfice under the Government:
therefore,
llesohed, That the Committee of Elections, when
appointed, to whom their credentials have been re-
ferred, shall inquire into the validity of the election
for members to the Forty-First Congress in the sev-
eral congressional districts on the 3d of November,
1868, and ascertain in which of said districts, if any,
a valid election was held, and shall also inquire
whether the persons claiming to have been elected
in such districts are qualified under the Constitution
and laws to take seats as members of this House;
and that said committee have power to send tor per-
sons and papers and to report at any time.
During the reading of the preamble,
Mr. WOOD rose to a question of order—
that the preamble was not privileged.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wilrTJecide
that question when it is read. No rights are
sacrificed by its being read.
Mr. WOOD. It makes declarations which
cannot be privileged.
The reading of the preamble and resolution
having been concluded,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I rise to a question
of order—-that neither the resolution nor the
preamble is privileged.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point ot order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The resolution authorizes
the committee to report at any time. That I
believe can only be done by unanimous con-
sent.
The SPEAKER. That right will pertain
whether it is so stated in the resolution or not.
The question of privilege involves the right to
report at any time, and the Committee of
Elections have the right to report at an_v time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair hoid
that the resolution is privileged?
The SPEAKER. He does. When the ques-
tion comes upon the adoption of the resolution
the gentleman can save his right by asking Ibr
a separate vote on the preamble, if'hedesires to
do so. But the recital of the facts in the pre-
amble the Chair rules to be privileged.
Mr. WOOD. I move to lay the preamble
and resolution on the table; and on that I
demand the yeas and nays.
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
i nessee [Mr. Maynard] has the floor.
I Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair is asked to
] rule on that portion of the resolution winch
: requires an investigation to be made, 'i hat
certainly is not privileged ; only that portion
: which relates to the election of a member is
! privileged.
: The SPEAKER. Anythi rig which goes to
vindicate the right of a member lo a
i whether nn investigation or anything else, is
| clearly within the privilege of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, this sub-
