1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ject was under consideration the other day,
and was fully discussed for some time. I will
merely remark that the citations in the pre-
amble to the resolution purporting to come
from the Governor of Louisiana are copied
literally from a document under his hand that
I have before me, and so of the report of the
joint committee of the Legislature of that State.
I have also in my hand charges against the
qualifications of a portion of the members com-
posing the delegation from that State. I do
not desire to consume any more time. I move
the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether his resolution instructs the
committee what report to make?
Mr. MAYNARD. It does not.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 ask the gentleman
whether there is not language in the preamble
or resolution—I do not know which instruct-
ing the committee to report who was elected
by the " peaceable citizens7' of the State?
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir; it instructs them
to inquire in what districts valid elections were
held.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, if that is the mean-
ing of the resolution I do not object to it.
Mr. WOOD. Does ttie demand for the pre-
vious question prevent a motion to lay the
preamble 011 the table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York has a right to move to lay 011 the table.
Mr. WOOD. I make that motion, and upon
it I call the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman limit
his motion to the preamble?
Mr. WOOD. I limit it 111 the first instance
to the preamble.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is aware that the resolution must first be
disposed of. The preamble comes up subse-
quently.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand a separate vote
on the two propositions.
The SPEAKER. That the gentleman has
a right to. j
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
103, noes 54.
Mr. WOOD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 40, not vot-
ing 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arneil, Asper,
Bailey. Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Bing-
ham, Blair, Boles, Boutwell. Bovd, Bnffinton, fcur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, IlnclenckR. Lutler, Cake,
Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb. Clinton L.
Cobb, Uoburn, Cook, Conger, Cowles. Cullom, Dawes,
Dcweese, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer. Farnsworth,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnbuig, Usher, Fitch, Gilnllan,
Hale, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss. Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander II. Jones. Julian, Kelley, Rclsey, Ketch-
am, Laflin. Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Loughridgc,
Lyncli, Maynard, McCrarv, McGrew, Llialum H.
Moon-, Jesso ii. Moore, William Moore. Daniel J,
Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, 0 Neill, Orth,
Packard. Packer, Paine Peters, Poland, Pomeroy,
Prosser, Boots, Sanfurd. bargent, Sehonek, Seofield,
Shanks, Sheldon. John A. South* llhaiu J. Smith,
William Smyth, Steven son,Stokcs,Stough ton, btrick-
Iaud. Taft'e, Tanner, Tillman. Townbend, rwichell,
Tvner. Upson, Van Horn, Ward. Cadwnlader
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welkcr, Wheeler.
"Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, llliams. John i.
Wilson. Winans and Witchci—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer. Axtell, Beck,
Bi"gs Bird, Burr. Calkin. Cleveland, Crebs, Dickin-
son. Eldridge. Golladay, Griswold,Halderaan. Ham-
ill Holiiiaii, Johnson, J"homa« L. Jones. Judd, Kerr,
Knott, Marshall, Mayhnm. McCormick, JIcNeely,
Moffett, Munpcen, Niblack, Potter. Randall, Reeves,
Stiles. Stone, Strader, Swaiin, Sweeney, Inmblc,
Van Attken, Van Trump. Voorhces Wells, Lueene
M. Wilson. Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Armstrong, Bands,
Bowen. Brooks, Da\is, Dixon, Doekery, Fox, Gat- .
field, Getz. Greene. Hnight, Hambloton, Hoag,
Knapp, McCarthy, JXcreur, Morgan, Morrissey. Pal- i
mer. Phelps, Reading, Bicc, Rogers, Bawyei. _i_chu- ,
maker, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, and W ortmngi-on >
C. Smith—30. ,
So the resolution was agreed to. I
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the .resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I desire to call the pre-
vious question on the preamble. Before doing
so, however, I will call the attention of the
House to the structure of it. I state in the
preamble that, the Governor asserts, and then
quote his official language. I also quote the
official language of the joint committee of the
Louisiana Legislature, which investigated the
subject, and also the allegation which I hold
in my hand of several persons who claim to
have been elected from that State. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, upon a
division—ayes 88, uoes 58.
The main question was then ordered; which
was upon agreeing to the preamble.
Mr. WOOD. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 45, not vot-
ing 45 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett,
Blair, Boutwell, Bowen. Boyd, Bufiinton, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill, Clarke, Auiasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cobuvn, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom,
Deweesc. Dickey, Dockery, Donley, Duval, Dyer,
Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Hale, Hawley,
Heaton, Iloar. Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Jenekes, Alexander H, Jones, Juud, Julian,
lvelley, Kelsey, Kctcham, Laflm, Lash, Lawrence,
Lyncli, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, Lliakim II.
Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley,
O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Packer,Paine,Phelps,P0111-
etoy Roots, Saniord, Sawyer, Sehenck, Seofield,
Shanks., Sheldon, John A.Smith, William J.Smith,
Worthington 0. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoushton, Strickland, Sweeney, Tafle, ian-
ner, Tillman,Townsend.Twicliell.Tyner, Waid, VV lt-
liamB. Washburn. Welker, Whiticmore, Millard,
Williams. John X.Wilson, Wmans, and W1 teller—JIM.
NAYS —Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Beet,
Biggs, Bird, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Dickinson,
Eldridge, Golladay, Griswold, Ilaldeman, liamill,
Hoag, Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones kerr,
Knott, Marshall, Mayham, McCorunck, SlcNeely,
Moffet, Mungen, Niblack, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves.Riee, Josephs. Smith. Stiles, Stone. Strudei,
Swann, Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, V oorhees,
Winchester, M'ood, and Woodwaid—45.
NOT VOTING—Messsrs. Ames, Armstrong. Bing-
ham, Boles, Brooks, Burdett, Davis. Dawes, Dixon,
Farnsworth, Fiteh. Fox, Garfield, Getz. Gilfillan,
Greene, Haiglit, Ilambleton, Hawkins, Hay, Hill,
Knapp. Logan, Loughridgo, McCarthy, Mercur,
Jesso H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey. Palmer, Peters. Poland, Pros«ei, Rogers, bar-
gent, Schnronker, Slocum, Upson, Van Horn, Cad-
wnlader C. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Wilkinson,
and Eugene M. Wilson—45.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
florida member.
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and move that Mr. Hamilton, member-
elect from the State oi Florida, who is now
present, be sworn in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Charles M. Hamilton, member-elect
from the State of Florida, then presented him-
self and took the oath prescribed by law.
south carolina members.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I rise to a question
of privilege, and offer the following resolution,
upon which I call the previous question :
Resolved, That the cases of the claimants to seats
in the Forty-First Congressfrom the third.andlou th
congressional districts of the State of South yaio
Una, with all papers relating to tlio same, hereferred
to the Committee of Elections when appointed, with
instructions to report as soon as practicable which 01
the claimants, if either, are entitled to seats.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WHITTEMORE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted :
and also moved that the motion to reconsidei
be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham.
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested, providing for the appointment of a
joint special committee, consisting of four Sen-'
ators and four Representatives, to which shall
be referred all applications for the removal of
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 23) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
and
An act (S. No. 25) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1867.
committee on census.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer another resolu-
tion for the revival of a committee ; and I
will explain in one moment, that gentlemen
011 both sides may understand it, that the ob-
ject of offering these resolutions for the ap-
pointment of solect committees is to enable
the Speaker to take them into account in mak-
ing up the committees.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of nine mem-
bers bo appointed to inquire and report to the House
what legislation is necessary to provide lor taking
the ninth census as required by the Constitution;
and that said committee have leave to report at any
time by bill or otherwise; and that all papers and
msitters which arc before the select Committee on
the Ninth Census of the Fortieth Congress, referred
to them, bo referred to the committee authorized by
this resolution.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose now to ask
leave to offer a resolution to revive the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I shall object to the
resolution. That committee has always been
a mischievous organization—a committee of
destruction rather than a Committee of llecon-
struction.
Mr. SCHENCK. As the gentleman pro-
poses to objcct, it is unnecessary to read the
resolution.
retrenchment committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That a joint
select Committc on Retrenchment, consisting of four
members of the Senate and seven members of the
House, be appointed by the Presiding Officers of the
two Houses, with the same powers and duties oswere
conferred upon the select Committee on Retrench-
ment in the Thirty-Ninth and Fortieth Congresses;
and to which a.ll matters yet remaining undisposed
of which were referred to the Committee on .Re-
trenchment of the Fortieth Congress shall bereferred.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise to object to. the introduction of _this reso-
lution, but I am going to vote against it. I
wantthegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SCHENCK,]
who offers the resolution, to tell us some reason
why this committee ought to exist. I know
that at the close of the last session this com-
mittee brought in quite a large bill of expenses,
but 1 am not aware what they have done.
I Mr. SCHENCK. They brought in a tenure-
| of-oflice hill. That has been disposed of.
| They reported the bill originally introduced
i by the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mi'-
Jenckes,] called the civil-service bill. They
have reported bills abolishing some two or
three offices found to be unnecessary. They
, have had before them a large mass of materials
I relating to corruptions and trauds, upon which
1 they were working when the expiration of the
Fortieth Congress terminated for the time the
existence of the committee. The gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] can give a,
fuller statement in regard to the business of
the committee.
