1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] withdraw his
objection to the introduction of the resolution?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER, The regular order of
business is the call of the States aud Territo-
ries for resolutions and bills which may be put
uy>ou their passage.
ELECTION CONTEST ZEIGLEIt VS. HIOH.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I offer the following resolution :
ifevolved, That in the contested-election ease of
John L. Zcigier against John M. Rice, from Ken-
tucky. the time in which to take testimony shall be
extended for both parties for the period of sixty days
fsom March 17,1869, to be used in all other respects
as prescribed by existing law.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that these resolu-
tions extending the time for taking testimony
in election-contests should not pass unless there
goes upon record some reason for extending
the time as provided by law. It has been cus-
tomary heretofore to refer such resolutions to
tlie Committee of Elections, and then they
report them back with some reasons which
rtiey put upon record for the government of
4he House. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. KERR. I hope my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] will give me his atten-
tion for a few moments. The facts in this case
are briefly these: the contestant has given
notices for the taking of testimony which cover
the entire time up to and including the 17th
<^ay of March, that being the last ot the sixty
flays prescribed by law. There will, there-
fore, remain no time in which the contestee
can take any testimony, although he desires to
take testimony in this case. He desires also
to have leave of absence in a few days, and
possibly before the Committee of Elections can
be appointed and can act on his case. It is,
therefore, a matter in which both parties are
agreed, I think, that this time should be now
extended for their joint benefit. I hope the
gentleman will not insist upon his motion to
A u!Vr.
Mr. DAWES. I do not mean to intimate
♦ hat there is not sufficient ground for the exten-
sion <.t' time asked for in this case; and if the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] will put
upon record that it is by agreement of both
parties I will withdraw my motion to refer.
Otherwise, inasmuch as the law is perfectly
plain and explicit, I do not think this should
be granted as a matter of course. If the gen-
tleman feels himself at liberty to put upon the
record that both parties agree to this, I will
withdraw my objection; otherwise it seetns to
ine the most proper course to be taken is to
refer this resolution to the Committee of Elec-
tions, who, if it is a proper ease, will without
doubt come back the n Mt day and put upon
tlie record what the good reason may be for the
adoption of this resolution. The gentleman
must be aware, from his experience here, that
it will bo a bad state of things if there is to be
no limitation of time for taking testimony and
if either party can get the extension simply by
obtaining a resolution to lie introduced in the
House.
Mr. KERR. I cannot make the statement
of record or in any other way that the gentle-
man suggests. It is not customary that any
such statement shall be made; and it is an
extraordinary request that I shall make any
such statement now.
1-have stated that according to the informa-
tion I have this extension of time is for the
benefit of both parties. Aud I will say further,
and -the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] knows it as well as I, that in all cases
of this kind it is very much a matter of course
to grant one extension of time in which to
take testimony.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. KERR. Not just now. And I will also
state that it is a matter always within the dis
cretion ot the House whether it will grant the
extension of time to parties in contested-elec-
tion cases. I say further that it is a common
practice for requests of this kind to be brought
in and acted upon by the House without pre-
vious reference to the Committee of Elections.
That has been done during this very session
on motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Scofield.] 1 submit, therefore, that
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts ought notto prevail, and that this resolu-
tion should now be adopted.
Mr. WARD. Ifl understood thegentlemau
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] aright, he said that
he thought this extension of time was desired
or needed for the benefit of both parties. I
have received a communication from General
Van Wyck, who is one of the parties to this
contest, and he says that he does not desire
any extension of time, is opposed to any exten
sion, and thinks none should be granted.
Mr. KERR. My friend from New York
[Mr. Ward] has wholly mistaken this applica-
tion. It does not relate to his friend, Mr.
Van Wyck, at all, but to the case of Zeigler
vs. Rice, of Kentucky. I now call theprevious
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The first question was upon the motion of
Mr. Dawes ; and being taken, there were—
ayes 66, noes 50.
So the resolution was ordered to be referred
to the Committee of Elections when appointed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider th« vote
by which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST VAN WYCK VS. GKEJ5NE
Mr. KERR. I offer the following resolu-
tion, upon which I call the previous question:
Jletolvrtl, That the time for taking testimony in the
ease ofCliarles XI. Van Wyck. contesting the right to
theseat occupied by George W. Greene, in the liouse,
from New York, be extonded for the period of sixty
days after March 17, 1869, for both parties, within the
rules prescriDed by law in other respects.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that will not be done,
but that the resolution will be referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. WARD. If the previous question is
not seconded, will a motion then be in order
to refer this resolution to the Committee of
Elections ?
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. WARD. Then I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes -15, noes 73.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move that, the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Elections when
appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claim 01' b. a siiel'iiekd.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) to
supply an omission in the enrollment of the
act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
approved March 3, IS;'.;): which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the follow-
ing item, omitted in the enrollment of the act
named in the title, be made to all intents aud
purposes a part af that act:
For this amount to pay B. A. Shepherd the sum
duo him on a lost check drawn by Robert S. Neigh-
bours, United States special Indian agent, on the
2d of June, 1859, on the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at New York city, for supplies fur-
nished the Indian department, $1,200.
Mr. BEAMAN. I desire simply to state
that this item was, by an error of the enrolling
clerks, omitted in enrolling the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, the provision having passed
both Houses. This joint resolution is designed
to correct that error. I hope there will be no
objection to its passage at this time.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading-, and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BKAMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDEB 01' BUSINESS,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Icallfoi-
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
call of States and Territories, beginning with
the State of Maine, for the introduction of res-
olutions and bills.
Mr. LOGAN, (at two o'clock p. m.) I move
that the House now adjourn.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
67, noes 62.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Logan , and
Mr. Butler of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 57, noes 79.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been demanded, the States and Territories, be-
ginning with the State of Maine, will be called
for the introduction of resolutions and bills.
BRITISH SCHOONER VENILIA,
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill to provide
for the enrollment and license of the British
schooner Venilia ; which was read a first and
second time.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] ask action on this bill at
the present time? It is nor, in order to intro-
duce bills for reference under this call.
Mr. LYNCH. I have introduced the bill
for action at this time. I call the previous
question.
The biii, which was read, proposes to au-
thorizeand direct the Secretary of theTreasury
to issue a certificate of enrollment and license
to the British schooner Venilia, of Shelburne,
Nova Scotia.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to make a simple
statement of but two minutes.
Mr. BURR. If objections are of any avail
I object to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to object to the introduction of the bill,
because it comes in regularly under the rule;
but he has a right to object to discussion. The
gentleman from Maine, however, has called
the previous question ; and the question is on
seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LY'NCII. 1 ask unanimous consent to
make a statement occupying not more than
two minutes.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a point of order. Can
action be taken on that bill now without a
suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. The regular order was
demanded; and there being no committees
from which the reports could be received, the
first business in order during the morning hour
was the call of States and Territories for the
introduction of resolutions and bills, under
which call bills can be introduced for action ;
but discussion is not in order except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent for
two minutes to discuss this bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If lean have two min-
utes also I will not object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to discussion.
The question being taken on seconding the
previous question, there were ayes 14, noes
151 : no quorum voting.
Mr. LYNCH, I withdraw the bill.
