1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4ff
be held responsible for it; and the people here-
after will judge as to that, and they will place
men at the head of this Government who will
appoint desirable, honest, and capable men.
it seems to rae that we ought to look at this
question in the same light that we would look
at it in a business point of view. Jf you have
an employ^ under you who is corrupt there
should not be a third party to come in and
decide that he should not be removed from his
posirion, but you should have the sole control
of that and say that you will appoint ^ man
to that position who will faithfully discharge
his duties. That is the only way in which you
can systematically and successfully manage
your own business. It seems to me that the
same rule should be applied to the President
of the United States; that he should have the
power to appoint these officers and should be
held responsible for them. As it has been here
in the past the Senate has been made respon-
sible for many of the officers who have been
retained and who have been corrupt. I think
it is proper for us at this time to give the Pres-
ident of the United States an opportunity to
remove those officers, and to place such men
in office as in his judgment are honest and
capable. I believe that this question is one
that we can as well judge of to-day as at any
other time. It is as important a measure as
can be brought before us and as can be dis-
cussed here in this body at this time. I think
that we shall discharge our duties as well, that
we shall advance the interests of the country,
and that wo shall secure an earlier adjourn-
ment by taking this question np an acting upon
it at this time. I am therefore in favor of
taking up the bill and acting upon it at onee.
Mr. MORTON. 1 should have no objection
myself to the reference of this bill to the able
committee named in the motion which has
been made if I had any reasonable assurance
that action would be taken upon the measure
at this session. If this session is only to last
some thirty days  
Mr. PO.UEROY. You can discharge the
committee from its consideration if they do not
report.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I have no faith
in dischargingthe committee. If this session
is to last but thirty days, of which there is now
some talk, and this bill goes to the Committee
on the Judiciary and the committee is to exam-
ine and to report on the great constitutional
questions that the Senator from Oregon says
are involved in it, I shall not expect that it will
be reported back in time to secure its passage
or to secure action upon it at this session.
Mr. President, this bill was before the Sen-
ate some two months of the last session. It
was called up at various times, and systematic
efforts were made to secure its passage, but
its consideration every time was defeated,
sometimes in one way and sometimes another.
At one time it was discussed at length, chiefly
by those who were opposed to the repeal of the
tenure-of office act, and then its further con-
sideration was defeated. I shall not expect
if it is referred to the committee that any
action will be obtained upon the bill at this
session ; that it will have any better luck than
it had last session. Certainly, if the same course
of policy is pursued toward the bill that was
pursued at the last session we shall take no
action on the subject. It is simply for this
reason that I am opposed to its reference.
There certainly is no necessity for that. The
incoming Senators aie perhaps as well posted
011 this bill as those who were here before. The
public mind generally is made up upon it. It
has come to us almost unanimously from the
House of Representatives twice, and so far as
information upon it is concerned, we think a
committee can give us little beyond what we
have already.
As I said before, if I believed action upon
this hill would be taken if it is now referred.
I should certainly offer no opposition ; but I
shall have but little faith that anything will be
done if that course is taken. If the committee
has to examine and report upon the great
questions referred to by the Senator from Ore-
gon that will be a work of days and perhaps
of weeks, and then when it comes in, from
various causes the consideration of it may be
delayed. It may have to go back to the other
House, and I should have but little faith in its
getting through.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish, Mr. President, to
make one remark in reply to the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana. When the question is taken
upon the motion to refer I shall vote for that
motion. 1 shall do it, however, agreeing with
the Senator from Indiana in two respects: first,
that some radical change should be made in
this law, either dispensing with it altogether
or dispensing with it during the existence of
the present Administration or repealing it
absolutely. So far I agree with him. I shall
vote for the reference, agreeing with him also
that very early consideration should be given
to it; and as a member of the committee to
which the reference is proposed I shall resist,
I will say to the Senator, in the Senate and in
committee, all attempts, if attempts should be
made, which I do not anticipate, to postpone
unnecessarily its consideration.
I wish, therefore, to be understood by my
honorable friend from Indiana, as well as
others, that I am in favor of the early consid-
eration and the thorough consideration of this
law so as to remove from the path of the Ex-
ecutive every hinderance such as has been
referred to. Nevertheless I think it right and
wise that the bill should be referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. ANTHONY. As it now seems to be
manifest that the merits of this bill are to be
discussed upon the question of reference, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. THAYER. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. PO.UEROY. I hope weshall beallowed
to take a vote on the question of reference.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
withdrawing the motion if we can take a vote,
but if the debate is to go on I must insist upon
the motion.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable. Dees the Senator
from Rhode Island withdraw the motion?
Mr. ANTHONY. No,_ sir.
Mr. THAYER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the vote can be taken
without further debate I am willing to with-
draw my motion.
Mr. THAYER. Let us try it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I withdraw i
the motion to adjourn. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is I
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, !
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Drake, Edmunds. Ferry. Gilbert, Hamlin, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, Morrill, Norton, Nye. Patterson,
Pomm-oy, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Sohurz, Seott,Stew-
art, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,Williams,Wilson, and
Yate^ 34^
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Cameron,Cas-
serly, Corbctt, Davis. Fenton, Fessenden, Fowler,
Games, MeUteery. McDonald, Morton. Pool, Pratt,
Robertson, Ros^ Sherman,Spencer, Spraguo, Stock-
ton. Thaver, Thurman, Viekers, and Warner—25.
ABSEXT—ilessrs. Cole, Harlan, Kellogg, Osborn,
Saulsbury, and Wiliey— 6.
COEWMBIAN ISSTITl'TIOX.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In accordance
with a law devolving that duty on him the
Chair appoints as director, on the part of the
Senate, of the Columbian Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Pattersox.]
CIVIL SERVICE COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senate toa concurrent lesolution
passed at the last session, which has not jet
j! been complied with. I ask that it be read.
" The Secretary read the following concurrent
resolution, which having been passed by the
Senate at the third session of the Fortieth
Congrassf was concurred in by the House of
Representatives on the 2d of March :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That a joint committee, to bo
composed of three members ot tho Senate and five
members of the House of Representatives, shall bo
appointed at the beginning of thenex'.session, in the
same mannerasotherjoint committees ^reappointed,
which shall continue during the Forty-l''irot Con-
gress, and shall have leave to sit during the recess
of that Congress, and whoso duty it shall be to ex-
amine and report upon the expediency of reorganiz-
ing the civil service in the several Departments of
the Government, the clerical force necessary in each,
tho rate of compensation, and such regulations as
will secure a more economical and efficient perform-
ance of the civil service.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senate has failed
by inadvertence to appoint that committee I
move that the Vice President be authorized to
appoint the committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire if that com-
mittee is not required to perform substantially
the same duties that are to be performed by the
Committee on Retrenchment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Entirely different.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the
resolution read again.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thiseommitteeisdesigned
to consider the various bills for the reorganiza-
tion of the different Departments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa calls for the reading of the resolution,
and it will be again read.
The Secretary read the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What action does
the Senator from Ohio desire?
Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire is that the
committee on the part of the Senate shall be
appointed ; and as it was not appointed in the
usual way I move that it be appointed by the
Chair. ' I desire iti this connection to say that
I shall not be able myself to serve on the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire whether
there is any order establishing this committee
now in existence?
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution was passed
at the last session by the unanimous vote of
both Houses. I called for the reading of this j
concurrent resolution of the last session in
order to explain the purpose of my motion.
It is simply to carry into execution a concur-
rent resolution already agreed to by both
Houses.
Mr. GRIMES. I move, then, to reconsider
the vote on the resolution in regard to the
Committee on Retrenchment. There is cer-
tainly no necessity for having both these com-
mittees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that if the Senator from New Hampshire will
take charge of this matter and substitute this
in place of the committee already provided for.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say that the
Committee on Retrenchment have had under
consideration the civil service and the foreign
service and have reported bills upon both those
subjects designed to reorganize the entire civil
system, and I see no reason why the matter
should not continue in the charge of that com-
mittee.
Mr-. TRUMBULL. Then we do not want
this committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The order providing for
the appointment of this committee has not
I been rescinded.
I Mr. FESSENDEN. We can pass a resolu-
tion rescinding it, because it is now unneces-
sary as we have a Committee on Retrenchment.
There is another reason why it should bo done.
This resolution makes a distinction between
the two Houses, giving more members of the
j committee to one body than to the other. I
; think such committees should be so arranged
that the two bodies may be evenly represented,
and that has almost always been done where
, we have had joint committees. The Recon-
struction Committee, for certain reasons, was
differently arranged : but in a committee of
|i this description it is much better to have the
•' two bodies equally represented. As tfae two
