445
THE CONGEHSSION-AL (xLOBE.
Maruti 11,
branches have already agreed upon theappoint-
ment of a Committee on Retrenchment, I think
the better coarse would be to rescind-this reso-
lution and not appoint this committee.-
* Mr. SHERMAN. My. attention was called
to this matter by a member of the other House,
who informed me that the Speaker of the
House of Representatives was about appoint-
ingall the committees provided for by the joint
roles and resolutions. This is one of those
committees, and I entirely overlooked it when
our committees were being organized at this
session. It is now the duty of both Houses to
carry into effect this concurrent resolution.
The object of the concurrent resolution was to
provide for a reorganization of the clerical
force of the various Departments. It is not a
matter at all connected with the Committee on
Retrenchment, but an entirely different sub-
ject and a much larger subject. As a matter
of course, the only question now before the
Senate is whether this committee shall be
appointed by the Senate itself or shall be ap-
pointed by the Chair. It is the duty of the
Senate to appoint this committee, it having
been provided for by a concurrent resolution of
the two Houses. I would much prefer that my
friend from New Hampshire should be ap-
pointed and take charge of this committee,
which is a very important one.
The concurrent resolution was very fully
considered at the last session, and after debate
was adopted by the Senate unanimously, sent
to the House, and there agreed to. I think
that the House in the formation of this joint
committee ought to have a greater number of
members. I see no objection to that. They
meet together as a matter of course; they
report their action to the two bodies; their
action is of no account until it is approved by
the two bodies. The House of Representa-
tives being a much more numerous body, in
order to make a fair representation of the whole
House it is necessary to have a larger number
of persons. Their committees are composed
of nine members, ours of seven and five. We
find no practical difficulty on that account, and
there will be no difficulty in having a joint com-
mittee composed of more members of the House.
Indeed it is usual, with the exception of the
joint Committee on Printing and one or two
Other joint standing committees, it has been
usual to provide a greater number of the mem-
bers of the House acting in connection with a
smaller number of members of the Senate ; but
at any rate now the only question is how shall
this committee be appointed; shall it be ap-
pointed by the Chair, or shall it be appointed
by the Senate by ballot? The rules require it
to be appointed by ballot.
Mr. PATTERSON. If this committee is to
be appointed the sphere of its action will be
very much more limited than that of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment. The Committee on
Retrenchment have had under consideration
this whole subject as one branch of its duties
heretofore, and have reported bills covering
the whole ground, and I have no doubt the fact
that those bills had been presented in both
Houses suggested the idea of this committee.
Simply this will happen if this committee is
appointed: the Committee on Retrenchment
will have taken from its hands a part of its
duties ; but if this committee is not appointed
the Committee on Retrenchment will have this
whole matter under consideration and then its
duties will cover a still wider sphere of action
on the general subject of retrenchment in all
the Departments of the Government. It seems
to me that there is no need of any such com-
mittee as this.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think that these roving
committees, both that on retrenchment and
reform and this one that is to confine its ope-
rations to the civil service, are nuisances. I
believe that the best plan to be adopted to give
a better condition of things about the Depart-
ments is to authorize the President of the Uni-
ted States to appoint a commission to invest-
igate and to report. Congressmen have other
interests; they are divided in their time, and I
do not believe they have the time to investigate
these questions, and they want the intelligence
to bring a better condition of things into the
Departments, if such a better condition of
things is demanded. There have been com-
mittees of investigation of this and the other
body in regard to matters m custom-houses,
and the limited time that they have invariably
brings to the consideration of this body and
of the other House information not based upon
correct considerations; it comes garbled. They
are not able to investigate such matters as
thoroughly as a commission that would be
appointed by the Executive, and who would
give to the country and to the Legislature that
information only upon which correct reliance
could be placed.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Ohio to postpone this motion for a moment
until I can make a motion relative to adjourn-
ment. I desire to move that when the Senate
adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meet again on
Monday next; and I ask the Senator from Ohio
to give way until I make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
this subject lying over, though I am opposed
to the motion. I have no objection to the
motion being submitted to the Senate for its
action.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meet
again on Monday next at twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-morrowitadjourn to meet on Mon-
day next. The Chair will state that according
to-his opinion in regard to parliamentary law
that motion requires unanimous consent, fixing
the order of business for some subsequent day ;
but the Chair is informed by the Chief Clerk
that such has not been the usage of the Senate ;
and, therefore, conforming to what has been
the usage of this body, be holds the motion to
be in order.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to suggest to the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania that we
can judge when to-morrow comes whether we
shall adjourn to Monday or not; and if he
will consent that his motion stand, the ques-
tion to be taken to-morrow, perhaps we could
vote with more satisfaction to ourselves then
than to-day, because to-morrow we shouidhave
to rescind the order if there turned out to be any !
reason why we should like to be in session the j
day after to-morrow. j
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me there can
be no difficulty about deciding the question
now, for, as the Senator properly says, we can
rescind the order to-morrow, if necessary. My
motion is that we sit to-morrow, and we shall
have all day to-morrow for any business we
may be called to act upon. I hope the ques-
tion will be taken now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meet on
Monday next. The Chair is informed that it
is the usage of the Senate to recognize such
motions to be made by a majority vote.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
civil service committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Chair appoint the joint
committee authorized by the concurrent reso-
lution of the House of Representatives which
has been read. By the rules it requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection to the Chair
appointing that committee on the part of the
Senate ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that for the
present.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following reso-
j lution :
j Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Bepresonta-
i tives concurring,) That the concurrent re-olution of
I the two Houses, passed on the 2d of March last, pro-
' wding for the appointment of a joint coiomitt-.e
on the civil service, be, and the same is hereby,
rescinded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. GRIMES. Then they both go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion ot the Senator from
Iowa, made during the pendency of the pre-
vious proposition, to reconsider the vote bj
which the Senate amended and concurred in
the Resolution relative to the Committee ou
Retrenchment.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw that.
thk public credit.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With a view of having the
bill (S. No. 56) to strengthen the public credit
and relating to contracts for the payment of coin
the unfinished business for to-raorrow I move
that the Senate proceed to its consideration.
Mr. NORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state that I pro-
pose to take up this bill with a view to leaving
it as the unfinished business for to-morrow, not
for the purpose of considering it to-day. That
is the object of the motion.
The question being taken by yeas and najs,
resulted—yeas 86, nays 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Buckingham, Cameron. Carpenter.
Cattell, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds, denton. Perry, Fessenden, Grimes, Humhn,
Harris, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill,Nye, Osborn. Patter-
son, Pool, Sawyer, Pchurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart.
Sumner,Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Warner, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Boremnn.Brownlow, Cas-
serly, Davis, Fowler, Gilbert, MeCreery, Xortou,
Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Spencer, Sprague,
Stockton, Thurman,and Vickers—18,
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cole, Drake.
Harlan, Howard, McDonald, Morton, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, and Saulfcbury—11.
So the motion was agreed to : and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to state that the
bill which has been printed and laid on the
tables of Senators is not correct. There has
been a mistake in the printing. The bill that
I reported is now in the hands of the printer.
1 understand, not yet having been returned to
the Senate. The bill which I reported is the
identical bill that the Senate passed at the last
session without any change whatever.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what bill is now
before the Senate. I understand we have just
taken up some bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the bill to
strengthen the public credit and relating to
contracts for the payment of coin.
Mr. COLE. We do not know it by number.
There is a bill of that title on our tables.
Mr. CONKLING. There was a mistake in
printing that.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand that the bill
referred to is before the Senate at this time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Seuate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
thursday, March 11, 18g9.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
st'ffp. vge constitutional amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the reso-
lution of the Legislature of North Carolina,
ratifying the fifteenth article of amendment to
the Constitution of the United States ; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Texas, in which they set forth that if
the government of Texas is organized under
the constitution recently framed by the con
vention there the State will be handed over to
