4a
WM CONGRESSIONAL 0LOB&
March li,
PUBLIC CREDIT.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to tbe consideration of Senate bill
No, 56.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appear-
ing to be no further morning-hour business,
tbe Senator from Oregon moves to proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment last evening.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
aa in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 56) to strengthen the
public credit, and relating to contracts for the
payment of coin. The first section declares
that in order to remove any doubt as to the
purpose of the Government to discharge all
just obligations to the public creditors, and to
settle conflicting questions and interpretations
of the laws by virtueof which such obligations
have been contracted, it is hereby provided
that the faith of the United States is solemnly
pledged to the payment in coin or its equiv-
alent of all the obligations of the United States
not bearing interest, known as United States
notes, and of all the interest-bearing obliga-
tions of the United States, except in cases
where the law authorizing the issue of any such
obligation has expressly provided that the
same may be paid in lawful money or other
currency than gold and silver; but none of the
interest-bearing obligations not already due
are to be redeemed or paid before maturity,
unless at such time United States notes shall
be convertible into coin at the option of the
holder, or unless at such time bonds of the
United States bearing a lower rate of interest
than the bonds to be redeemed can be sold at
par in coin. And the United States also sol-
emnly pledges its faith to make provision at
the earliest practicable period for the redemp-
tion of the United States notes in coin. The
second section provides that any contract here-
after made specifically payable in coin, and
the consideration of which may be a loan of
coin or a sale of property or the rendering of
labor or service of any kind, the price of which
as carried into the contract may have been
adjusted on the basisof the coin value thereof
at the time of such sale or the rendering of such
service or'labor, shall be legal and valid, and
may be enforced according to its terms.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to strike out the
second section of the bill. I would say that
from the beginning I have been in favor of
legalizing contracts in gold ; that I vindicated
that proposition in debate last year as well as
I could ; that I have always believed it import-
ant that gold contracts should have the sanction
of law. 1 also voted during the late session for
this bill in its present form with this section,
but since the action of the Senate at the last
session I have had occasion to consider the
operation of this section in the light of the
recent decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States and I have been led to doubt
seriously its practical value. As I understand
the recent decision of the Supreme Court, con-
tracts in gold are legal, and you have the
authority of the highest judicial tribunal of
the land to that effect. What more, then, do
you require? Another decision? No. An
act of Congress? Why? For myself, sir, I
can see no reason why Congress should now
intervene in order to give any additional sanc-
tion to contracts in gold. On the contrary, I
see difficulties. Porinstance, this section which
undertakes to legalize these contracts is an es-
sentially different proposition from that which
has the sanction ot'the Supreme Court. How
will you reconcile the two ? Do yon not if you
pass this section create a new brood of law-
suits which must ultimately come before the
Supreme Court for adjudication 1 It seems to
me that you do.
On tbe best reflection that I have been able
to give to this section I cannot soe it in any
other light. If Senators will be good enough
to read it over in the light of the decision that
we now have I think they will see that so far
as it has anything in it that is good it is super-
fluous j -while it may be the cause of positive
embarrasspfientby opening questions which can-
not be opened on the decision of the court'. I
have' therefore come to the conclusion that we
had better fall back upon that decision, rely
upon it as all-sufficient for the present occa-
sion, and dispense with any legislation on that
specific point.
I would remind Senators that from time im-
memorial questions on statutes have been much
more fruitful than questions on the common
law ; that questions of statutes are often more
difficult of solution than questions of the com-
mon law. How many great lawyers of the Old
World have said that they should be ashamed
of themselves if they could not answer a ques-
tion of the common law, but that they should
be almost ashamed of themselves if they could
undertake to answer a question of statute law
unless they had the book before them.
I am not disposed to bring the statute law
on this subject in conflict with what is now
declared to be the common law of the land.
I am not disposed to subject what has been
declared to be the common law of the land to
any possible modification by this statute. Let
that decision stand in all its breadth, in all its
amplitude; I believe it is sufficient for the
occasion, and that we, therefore, need not
undertake to legislate upon the subject. i
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust this amendment jj
will not be adopted. The propositions con- j
tained in this bill are kindred propositions j
connected together by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and that connection was necessary
in order to secure the passage of the bill. The
bill as it now stands has been passed through
both Houses, and no amendment was made in j
the Committee on Finance except to strike out
the last clause of the second section, which
seemed to limit and control the operation of
negotiable instruments. The bill as it now
stands contains two propositions: one to de-
clare that the United States notes and bonds
shall when paid be paid in coin, the other to
legalize coin contracts.
The reason now given for this motion by the
Senator from Massachusetts is that the Su-
preme Court have, by a decision, rendered un-
necessary the second section. I have examined
that decision. The point decided was simply
that a contract payable in coin made before
the passage of the legal-tender act could be
enforced. It is true the Supreme Court state
that two kinds of currency are legalized by
Congress, one a currency called lawful money
and the other a currency called coin, and that
contracts made in both or either are valid. But
the real point decided in that case was only
that a contract made payable in coin before the
passage of the legal-tender act was valid. The
reasoning of the decision extends to all con-
tracts made either in coin or in currency. The
actual case only raised the first question. The
general principle decided seemed to settle the
other question ; but we know, and the Senator j
frorp Massachusetts knows, that a decision j
made on a question not necessarily involved
in the case has not the same weight of author-
ity that a decision of the identical point raised
and necessarily to be decided has. He has
complained very often of the attempt of the
Supreme Court to extend the latitude of its
decision in tiie Dred Scott case to questions
not necessarily involved in that case ; and yet
now he gives an effect to the decision of the
Supreme Court which I think oughtnot fairly to
be given to any decision of any court. They
decided the case before them, and the princi-
ple of that decision undoubtedly would make
legal and valid all contracts in coin. I think,
therefore, it is important, in order to legalize
gold contracts and remove all doubts about it,
to pass this section.
But the chief reason why I desire to see this
section passed is that it is a guard against usury.
If you in general terms legalize coin contracts,
or if you leave tbem to rest upon the principle
now decided by the Supreme Court, then every
man may by pressing his debtor compel his
debtor to give him a note payable in coin, and
that being a legal contract, not embraced within
the tenor or principles of the usury act, although
it may be an oppressive contract hard upon the
debtor, it could be enforced. There is a want
of equity in enforcing a contract based upon a
currency consideration in coin; and this decis-
ion of the Supreme Court and the law as it is
now claimed by the Senator from Massachusetts
would operate very injuriously to the debtor
class. Tbe section as it has been carefully pre-
pared legalizes coin contracts where coin is the
consideration of tbe contractor coin values are
the consideration of the contract. Then cur-
rency contracts may be enforced where cur-
rency values and currency are the basis of the
contract. But certainly it is not tbe desire of
the Senate to authorize a creditor to compel a
payment in coin when currency was the con-
sideration and thus add to the burden of the
debt some thirty or forty per cent. That cer-
tainly is not the desire of Congress.
I do not wish to prolong the discussion. I
think it is better, as this bill has been very
carefully considered and this section can do no
harm, to let it stand as it is. The bill will then
no doubt receive the sanction of the House of
Representatives promptly, and the great object
sought by the bill, to strength en the public credit
and to legalize coin contracts, will be accom-
plished.
Mr. COLE. I am obliged to disagree with
the distinguished Senator from Ohio. In my
judgment this section, if it is allowed to pass
into a law, will do much harm. We have had
a decision of the Supreme Court sustaining
coin contracts. That decision applies to con-
tracts made prior to the passage of the legal-
tender law ; but this section reads " that any
contract hereafter made specifically payable in
coin" shall be legal, and it is therefore evidently
intended to restrict the operation of the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court, that decision apply-
ing, as we are aware, to contracts heretoiore
made. It will, in my judgment, work great
mischief, particularly in the State which I have
the honor in part to represent. It is well
known to members of this body that we have
had what is termed a specific contract law there
during the whole existence of the legal-tender
law, and nearly all our contracts there are made
on the coin basis. Legal-tender notes are not
used as a currency there. They are used, so
far as they are called for, to pay Federal taxes ;
but in ordinary business transactions they are
not u^ed, and nearly all private contracts are
made payable specifically in coin. It is a well-
known rule of construction that the expression
of one thing is an exclusion of other things. If
we pass a hjw now authorizing the enforcement
of coin contracts made hereafter it is tanta-
mount to declaring that contracts made here-
tofore payable specifically in coin are not valid.
It will therefore uproot business in California;
it will interfere materially with existing con-
tracts on the Pacific coast, and thus do, in my
judgment, very great damage.
But, Mr. President, why should there be any
attempt to restrain the operation of the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court on this head? This
body, during the previous Congress, on two
separate occasions, passed a law authorizing
contracts to be made specifically in coin. Now,
when the Supreme Court have sustained such
contracts, why should Congress interfere for
the purpose of overthrowing or preventing the
enforcement of contracts of that nature? I
think this second section should be stricken
out. I can see no good to result from it, but
much harm, particularly on the Pacific coast.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not feel that I am
particularly responsible for the existenceof tins
section in the bill, and I cannot say that 1 have
any particular fancy for the section, because it
is quite too indefinite in its terms to satisfy me;
but at the same time it was the opinion of the
Committee on Finance that it would be better io
report the bill as it finally passed both branches
of Congress, with a single exception, than to
undertake to remodel the bill, as it was very
desirable, in the opinion of the committer, tlmt
this bill should be carried into a law.
I suppose it is entirely proper for me to say
