1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of my friend
from Massachusetts I will state that what I said
was that the case before the court was a case
arising upon a contract payable in coin made
before the legal-tender act, and the only case
they decided was that case. The reasoning of
the court, the different members of it varying
differently in their reasons, I have no doubt
will sustain the general principle which the
Senator rises to maintain, I presume, that con-
tracts in coin, coin being a legal currency, are
lawful now. Undoubtedly that is the principle
decided, but that was not the case before the
court.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the Senator;
he is right. Itwas notthe case preciselybefore
the court, but the majority of the court in de-
ciding that case laid down the broad principle
that contracts in coin were valid, whether made
before or after the passage of the legal-tender
act. That was the conclusion of the court. I
know thatone of the judges, Mr. Justice Davis,
concurring in the conclusion, said:
"I assent to the result which a majority of the
court have arrived at, that an express contract to
pay coin of the United States before the act of Feb-
ruary 25,1862, commonly called the legal-tender act,
is not within the clause of that act which makes
Treasury notes a legal tender in payment of debts,
but I think it proper to guard against all possibility
of misapprehension by stating that if there be any
reasoning in the opinion of the majority which can
be applicable to any other class of contracts it does
not receive my assent."
Thus you have Mr. Justice Davis declining to
accept all the conclusions of the majority of the
court. But go to the opinion of the court, and
what do you find ? Let me read a clause :
"Payment of money is delivery by the debtor to
the creditor of the amount due. A contract to pay
a ccrtam number of dollars in gold or silver coins
is therefore, in legal import, nothing else than an
agreement to deliver a certain weight of standard
gold, to bo ascertained by a count of coins, each of
which is certified to contain a definite proportion of
that weight. It is not distinguishable, as we think,
in principle fiom a. contract to deliver an equal
weight of bullion of equal fineness. It is distin-
guishable in ohcumsUiiico only by the fact that the
sufficiency of the amount to be tendered in payment
must be ascertained in the case of bullion by assay
and the scales, while in the case of coin it may be
ascertained by count.
" We cannot suppose that it was intended by the
provisions of the currency acts to en force satisfaction
of either contract by the tender of depreciated cur-
lency of any description, equivalent onlyin nominal
amount to the real value of the bullion or of the coin
dollars.
" Our conclusion, therefore, upon this part of the
case is that the bond under consideration was, in
legal import, precisely what it was in the understand-
ing of the parties, a valid obligation, to be satisfied
by a tender of actual payment according to its terms,
and not by an offer of mere nominal payment. Its
intent was that the debtor should deliver to the cred-
itor a certain weight ot gold and silver of a certain
fmenoss, ascertainable by a count of coins made legal
by statute, and this intent was lawful."
In that conclusion there is not one word of
limitation ; there is no reference to a contract
made before the legal-tender act or after the
legal-tender act. The proposition is general,
universal, applicable to all contracts before or
after, now or then. Such is the conclusion of
the majority of the court. If Senators remind
you that the case actually in trial was on a con-
tract anterior to the legal-tender act I know
well the force of that distinction; but it can-
not impair the essential reason on which the
conclusion of the court is founded. That you
will find in the clause I have now read, and
that, I have reason to believe, is now consid-
ered by the Supreme Court the law of the
land. If that be so, unless I am entirely mis-
taken in that conclusion, then under that ex-
isting law is every contract in gold valid at this
time to all intents and purposes. There is no
occasion for any action of Congress in order
to give to it any additional validity.
But, sir, when you propose to act according
to the terms of this second section you add
a limitation on the rule which the court have
already announced. They say all gold con-
tracts are valid ; you undertake to say that only
certain gold contracts are valid. You step in
to limit the liberty which by their decision is
to be secured to all citizens. To that extent
J think this section is open to ciiticism ; hut
that is not all. When I was up befoie 1 ven-
tured to call the attention of the Senate to the
possibility of legal questions arising from this
conflict between the act of Congress and the
rule of the court. Unquestionably there must
be doubts on this section should it ever become
a law. Those doubts will reappear in a crop
of lawsuits occupying the calendars of your
courts, interfering essentially with the facili-
ties c>f business. Now, sir, I believe that noth-
ing is more important than to make business
plain, clear, intelligible, facile. Do not throw
in its way bars, impediments, difficulties,
doubts, obscurities. Such I fear you will do
if you enact the section which I have proposed
to strike out. Fall back on the decision' of the
court. That is plain, perfectly intelligible, and
broad and universal. I believe that, should
it be recognized throughout the country, it will
be an important stage toward that resumption
of specie payments which we all so much de-
sire. I believe that the adoption of your section
would be an essential limitation of it, which
would, to a certain extent, interfere with that
resumption which we so much desire. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will consent to strike
out the second section and leave us to proceed
under the decision of the court.
Mr. CORBET'f. Mr. President, I entirely
agree with the Senator from Massachusetts in
the views expressed by him, and I shall vote
to strike out the second section. That section
provides, as it now stands, that written con-
tracts hereafter made specifically payable in
coin shall be valid under certain circumstances.
The Supreme Court has decided that all con-
tracts made payable in coin are valid and can
be enforced, and gold collected under them.
We have in existence in our State a law some-
what similar to this, and the mercantile com-
munity are constantly acting under it. They
make out their bills in the ordinary way and
stamp at the head of them " payable in United
States gold coin," and that is considered as a
contract to pay coin. Itmaynotbe considered
a written contract under the terms of this sec-
tion. I think the section will cause litigation.
In our State when a man purchases a bill of
goods with the understanding that they are to
be paid for in gold he must pay in coin, and I
have no doubt the Supreme Court will sustain
such contracts. The provisions and restric-
tions in this section will only be an embarrass-
ment in the way of business, in my opinion,
and the section ought to be stricken out. In
New York importers are constantly making
purchases in coin, and biils are made out oil
that understanding. Why should not such con-
tracts be enforced for payment in coin when
the purchaser accepts a bill of goods with a
clause that the bill is payable in gold coin
stamped or printed upon it? This section may
be considered as requiring both parties to sign
the contract, and questions may arise that will
lead to great embarrassment both in the At-
lantic States where gold purchases are made
and upon the Pacific coast.
This bill was passed through the Senate rather
hastily at the last session in order that it might
be acted upon and signed by the President be-
fore the adjournment of Congress. This sec-
tion did not commend itself to my view and my
judgment when it passed the Senate then ; nor
do I believe that it commended itself to a great
many other Senators who voted for the bill at
that time, but rather than lose the bill they
were willing to vote for it with this section in
it. Now we have time to consider the subject
carefully and act upon it deliberately, and the
more I reflect upon the subject and the more
1 look at this section I am convinced that it
will lead to great embarrassment and great
litigation. 1 hope it will be stricken out.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I did not
intend to make any remark whatever in the pro-
gress of this discussion, as 1 did not at the last
session. I have been always anxious that an
entire liberty of contracting* in gold might be
extended to the ciriaen as early as possible.
In my judgment the decision of the Supreme
Court has accomplished that result; and this
present second section, if it accomplishes any-
thing, is simply a limitation upon the liberty of
the citizen, a limitation upon the capacity to
make contracts payable in gold, limited first
by the provisions of the section as originally
reported by the committee, and now still wore
disastrously limited by the amendment sob
stantially incorporating into it the statute of
frauds. I make these remarks because while
I have entertained the wish and have voted for
an unlimited liberty of the citizen to make gold
contracts, I shall be compelled to vote to strike
out this second section, because it is a limita-
tion, and in my judgment an unjust one, upon
that liberty unless it is entirely nugatory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] to the second section.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think it is quite unnec-
essary to adopt the section in the form it would
be if thus amended, because it is admitted on
all hands that the Supreme Court of the United
States have decided in substance what that sec-
tion will then contain, and there is no necessity
or propriety in reenacting a decision of the
Supreme Court. The value of this section, if
it has any value at all, is its restrictive charac-
ter and nothing else. Though it may be true
that the Supreme Court has decided that all
contracts payable in coin are valid and legal
contracts, it does not necessarily follow that
Congress may not legislate upon that subject.
I understand the Supreme Court to construe
the laws of Congress as they now stand to mean
that all contracts payable specifically in coin
are valid and binding contracts; but certainly
Congress can change its own laws and make
them mean another and a different thing; and
if this section has any effect at all it is simply
to provide that the class of contracts described
in the section shall be valid and legal, and no
other sort of contracts shall be valid and legal
made specifically payable in coin. There seems
to be a great necessity for such legislation in
some portions of the United States, and in
other portions it may be supposed to operate
injuriously. Inthose States of the Union where
there is no gold, where the entire money of the
country consists of paper currency, this section
would seem to be of some value, for it is in-
tended to prevent usurious contracts ; it is in-
tended to prevent the oppression of the debtor
by the creditor class of the country.
It might be very easily supposed that a per-
son holding a mortgage upon the farm of another
man when the mortgage became due might
require that the contract should be renewed
and made specifically payable in gold, and the
debtor, feeling that he was in the power of the
creditor and hoping that he might possibly be
able to obtain the necessary gold when the new
contract should become due, enters into that
arrangement and so puts himself in the power
of the creditor. It is to prevent transactions
of that kind, usurious in their nature, that this
scetion, as I understand, is incorporated into
the bill. In that respect it does possess some
value ; but in any other respect it is not neees-
1 sary to enact affirmatively that any contracts
i made specifically payable in coin are valid and
| legal, for the Supreme Court has decided all
such contracts are legal and valid. Therefore
such legislation would be unnecessary ; but it
may be desirable that the decision of the Su-
preme Court, so comprehensive as it seems to
be, should be restricted and limited in view of
the circumstances of the country, and as this
section seems to be regarded as objectionable
so far as the Pacific States are concerned f
think an amendment such as I shall suggest
would obviate any objection upon that ground.
The amendment would be to this effect:
Provided, That State laws making contracts pay-
able m coin shall nor be affected by this aet.
So that our specific contract laws upon the
Pacific coast would not in any respect beaffected
by this act, and it would only apj)Iy to those
States where they have no specific contract
laws. I hope the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada will not prevail. Let us strike
this section out altogether and let the law stand
as it has been decided by the Supreme Court,
