THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
March; 11,
or else let us adhere to the section to restrict
the operation and effect of that decision so that
the debtor class of the country may receive some
benefit from the provisions of the act.
Mr. STEWART. Batfor one consideration
I should concur with the .suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Oregon to strike oat the whole sec-
tion. The case that was before the Supreme
Court was one arising before the passage of the
legal-tender act, although the reasoning of the
Court is, as stated by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, broad enough to cover the whole
ground. The case decided was a contract made
prior to the enactment, of the legal-tender law,
so that the decision is not authority for all cases
of gold contracts. It is not authority so that
the courts would be bound to be governed by it;
but it indicates very clearly what the Supreme
Court will decide when the question comes be-
fore them as to a gold contract made since the
passage of the law.
The object in having a declaration of this
kind, the importance of it, only consists in set-
tling this matter at once and not waiting for a
new case to come up or several new cases in
which all the variety of propositions that may
arise under the legal-tender act shall be pre-
sented to the court. In this respect it seems to
me there is importance iu a declaration that
people may make their own contracts. I can
conceive no possible good in opening all con-
tracts to litigation. I undertake to predict that
this section as reported by the committee, if
enacted, will occupy the attention of the courts
throughout the United States for the next two
years in giving it a construction ; perhaps four
years. It will have to go to the Supreme Court
of the United States to acquire a construction
as to what it means. It will cost a great deal
more _ money to litigate it and ascertain its
meaning in all the courts and cause a great deal
more hardship to the business community than
itwould to leave them to find their legal status
without any legislation defining it as the Su-
preme Court has indicated it would define it.
That will come if we have no legislation at all;
but it is well to have an explicit declaration
that people can make their own contracts pay-
able in whatever they please, and that those
contracts shall be enforced according to their
terms. My amendment accomplishes that pur-
pose.
Mr. MORTON. I am in favor of the second
section as it stands for the reason that it is a
limitation upon the right to make coin con-
tracts as established by the recent decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States. There
can be uo doubt that that decision does in
effect recognize the validity of all contracts to
be executed in coin, provided they are other-
wise legal; and I think it is very important to
the country to establish some limit to this gen-
eral power of making contracts payable in coin
while our currency is depreciated. I know it
is a common and popular argument to say,
il let men make contracts just as they please;
why not give the people liberty to make just
such contracts as they please, whether to be
executed in coin or paper?" Well, Mr. Presi-
dent, the experience of the world is against
that argument. The experience of mankind
has shown the necessity of protecting the debtor
class against usury. That has been the expe-
rience in every age and in every country ; and
yet there have been at all times a class of men
who were opposed to all usury laws. They
said, just as has been said here this morning
on the floor of the Senate, u men have a right
to make contracts just as they please ; if they
want to make a contract to pay twenty-five per
cent, interest they have a right to do it;" but
the experience of the world has demonstrated
the necessity of protecting the debtor class
against usurious and extortionate contracts.
The circumstances surrounding the debtor
class, the borrowing class, and those surround-
ing the lending class are very different. A man
in straitened circumstances will often agree
to pay (en, twenty, or esrea forty per cent,
interest: and the grinding lender jvill extort
it from him if he is allowed to do so by the
law. It is the different circumstances in which
these two classes are placed that have ma,de
it necessary in every age and in every country
for the Government to protect debtors against
usurious, interest.
But now, sir, what is this? This presents
the greatest temptation to usury that has ever
been presented in any country, and in addition
to that it presents a temptation to gambling.
Contracts made to be executed in coin at a time
when the currency is depreciated twenty-five
or thirty per cent, present the strongest pos-
sible temptation to gambling, simple gold gam-
bling, as we have it now in the city of New
York. - A wants to lend B $1,000; it is in cur-
rency. B wants the money very badly. A says,
" I will not lend this to you for six per cent,
or ten per cent, payable in currency, but I will
lend it to you for six per cent, payable in coin."
He thinks that gold will be higher when the
contract falls due than it is then. B, perhaps,
is one of those men who think that the opera-
tion of natural causes is bringing about a re-
turn to specie payments very rapidly, and he
thinks gold will be much cheaper on the day
that contract is to fail due than it is the day
when it is made, and he agrees to pay in coin
at that time. What is it but a simple bet upon
the price of gold on the day when that contract
is to be performed? How does it differ from
ten thousand contracts made in the city of New
York to-day upon that very question? One man
sells §100,000 in gold to be delivered in thirty
days. He is of the impression that at the end
of thirty days gold will be cheaper. Another
man is of the opinion that gold will be dearer
at the end of thirty days, and he buys. It is a
simple bet in regard to the price of gold at the
end of that time, and the simple difference is
to be paid when the time arrives, not that the
gold itself is to be delivered. It is in its nature
and it will be in its effect gold gambling, and
that is all there is of it.
But, sir. where it is not of that nature it will
be in the nature of usury, and of the most ex-
tortionate, of the most oppressive character.
When we come to specie payments all eon-
tracts will be executed in coin or its equivalent,
and. it will require no law ou that subject,
because that is the simple effect of bringing up
your currency to par; but until the currency is
brought up to par, in my opinion there ought
not to be, especially for the loan of currency,
a legalization of contracts to be executed in
coin. No man can safely make a contract of
that kind. The wisest gold gambler in New
York cannot do it to-day. It may turn out that
he will make money by agreeing to pay coin at
the end of a year or it may turn out that he
will be almost ruined by it. It is a matter of
entire uncertainty. While the volume of the
currency continues the same, if his contract
is to be executed in currency at that time the
rise or the fall of gold does not materially affect
him, because he is to pay so much money in so
much paper; but while the currency is fluctuat-
ing in its value a contract to be executed in
coin cannot be safely made by any man.
But how will it be throughout the country if
this decision of the Supreme Court shall stand
unlimited ? The man who must borrow to save
his property or to save his family from ruin
will think something will turn up at the end of
six months or a year by which he can get out
of his trouble ; he will think that perhaps by
that time we may return to specie payments, or
he can make some happy turn ; he will trust to
fortune, and as the money-lender who takes
advantage of the man in distress will say to
Win, "You can only have money upon the con-
dition of paying me coin at the end of the time,"
he will enter into, it, and when the time comes
gold, perhaps, may be dearer than it was when
the contract was made, and he will be ruined.
I know some people think because the bonds
are going up that gold is going down. Sir,
there is no well-grounded reason to think so,
in my opinion.. Gold was 129 in the market of
New York three years and eight months ago,
ana now it is 132. Since that time it has been
up to 160. and it has been down. At tha end
of a year from this time we have no reason to
believe that gold may not be higher than it is
now. We may put up the price of bonds by
legislation, we may raise them in the market,
but we do not thereby necessarily destroy or
decrease the premium on gold. Bonds have
steadily gone up for three years and eight
months, but gold has been fluctuating, ana is
now higher than it was nearly four years ago,
while bonds on the average have risen nearly
twenty-five per cent. Sir, as longasthisuncer-
tain condition of things shall exist in regard to
our currency, until we have taken some steps
that shall insure a gradual but steady appre-
ciation of the value of our currency, and a
steady decrease in the premium on gold, men
cannot safely make contracts of that kind; and
it is the duty of Congress to extend its protec-
tion to the great debtor class of this country.
Surely we have done enough in the other direc-
tion. More cannot be asked of us.
Now, sir, in regard to the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, I believe
it is in conflict with the decision of every
supreme court of every State that has passed
upon that question. So far as I know all the
supreme courts of the several States that have
had occasion to consider that question have
held that contracts to bespecifically executed in
coin could not be enforced under the several
laws creating the legal-tender notes. I con-
fess my surprise at the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States. Of course we sub-
mit to it; but we have it in our power to limit
its disastrous effects, and we ought to do so.
Why, Mr. President, if you will look into the
decision of the supreme court of the State of
Indiana—and I think we have got as able a
court as any of the States—and I think into
the decisions of the court of appeals of the
State of New York, and perhaps of Pennsyl-
vania, you will find much of the reasoning of
the court to depend upon the danger to result
to the debtor class from allowing contracts
specifically to be executed in coin to be en-
forced while the currency remained depre-
ciated. You cannot expose the debtor class
to a greater danger thau that. Now that the
Supreme Court of the United States has over-
ruled the decisions of all the State courts, de-
claring all contracts of that kind to be legal,
and Congress has the power to limit the dis-
astrous effects of that decision, and we have
the question before us, I trust if this bill is to
pass at all it will contain the provision of the
second section as it originally came from the
committee.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot see how Sen-
ators can arrive at the conclusion that this
is to benefit the debtor class. If you are to
resume specie payments you require all the
debtor class to pay their contracts, or those
that shall remain unpaid at that time iu gold.
If they remodel their present paper contracts
for themselves I do not think they will make
a.n agreement that will be harsher than resump-
tion. That is not possible. But we say we
want to give them an opportunity of making
agreements that will be lighter for them. We
want to give them an opportunity to make
agreements to pay a less amount in gold, so as
to prepare for resumption; and while this act
cannot possibly benefit the debtor class, this
incumbrance that is placed in the midst of this
section I can see is going to load the country
with litigation. The section reads :
That any contract hereafter made specifically pay-
able m coin, and the consideration of which nlay fee
a loan of coin, or a sale of property, or tha render-
ing of labor or service of any kind, the price of which
as carried into the contract may have been adjusted
on the hasis of the coin value thereof at the time of
SS ,, , e or tbe rendering of such service or labor
snail be legal and valid, and may be enforced accord-
ing to its terms.
_ Suppose a promissory note is given payable
in coin, and in the course of ordinary com-
mercial transactions it passes into the hands
of a third party. Can the maker of the note
set up the defenses here set forth? What kind
of a question would that raise ? It would be
litigated to determine whether he could make
