THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
March 11,
Language cannot be broader than that—
"of every kind whatever, except for interest upon
bonds arid notes which shall be paid in coin, and
shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
ment of all debts, public and private, within the
United States, except duties on imports and interest
as aforesaid."
There these notes are made by law applica-
ble to the payment of every claim and demand
against the united States of whatsoever kind
except interest on notes and bonds; and the
act further declares that they—
" Shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in
payment of all debts, public and private, within the
united States, except duties on imports and interest
as aforesaid."
Language cannot be broader, cannot be more
comprehensive than this ; and this is a part of
the contract between the Government and
every purchaser of a bond created subsequent
to that time, except where the creation of that
bond is excepted from its operation, as it was
in the ten-forty act. It is a part of the con-
tract, although it is not contained in the same
identical act of Congress that creates the bonds.
It is the law, in full force and operation when
all these bonds were sold, and is in force to-day.
But, sir, it does not stop there. Then we
have the next act of Congress of July 11, 1862,
creating the next $150,000,000 of these notes,
which declares:
"And such notes shall be receivable in payment
of all loans made to the United States, and of all
taxes, internal duties, excises, debts, and demands of
every kind due to the UnitedStates, except duties on
imports and interest, and of all claims and demands
against the United States except for interest upon
bonds, .notes, and certificates of debt or deposit."
Nothing can possibly be left out of the char-
acter of debts which these notes will pa&except
those things that are comprehended under the
exceptions which are 11 duties on imports and
interest as aforesaid." It goes on to say that
such notes—
44 Shall also be lawful money and a legal tender in
payment of all debts, public and private, wifchin the
united States except duties on imports and interest
us aforesaid."
That law is a part of the contract under
which all of these bonds were subsequently
*olJ. Theacts of Congress creatingthese bonds
do not say in what kind of money they shall be
paid j but other acts of Congress prescribe the
kind of money that shall be applicable to the
payment of every dollar due from the United
States except interest on bonds and notes.
Let me turn over to another act of Congressj
the act of March 3, 1863, authorising the issue
of more of these notes :
" Whichnotes so issued shall be lawful money, and
a legal tender in payment of all debts, public and
private, withm the United States."
Are these bonds a public debt? Undoubt-
edly they are. Every debt that is owed by the
General Government is a public debt; and in
this third act of Congress—there is another
one still—it is declared that these notes shall
be applicable to the payment of all public
debts, except that part of the public debt which
consists of interest on notes and bonds:
" Except for duties on imports and interest on the
public debt; and any of the said notes, when re-
turned to the Treasury, maybereissuedfrom time to
time as the exigencies of the public service may
require."
Now, Mr. President, there are three acts of
Congress about the construction of which, it
seems to me, there can be no mistake. Broader,
more comprehensive, and explicit declarations
of the law-making power I have never read;
and when the first one begins with the declara-
tion that these notes shall be lawful money and
a legal tender in payment of all claims and
demands against the United States of whatso-
ever kind, is anything left out there except the
exception which follows in the language of the
Statute, except interest on notes and bonds ?
A nd then this language is repeated three times
aim-ward in different acts of Congress, so that
although the acts creating these bonds are
silent as to how the principal of the bonds
shall be paid, yet the acts creating the notes
declare that they shall be applicable to the pay-
ment of every debt against the United States
except the interest on that debt.
As this bill is drawn, and it is drawn with a
view to meet this very point, it makes the
exception to depend upon the fact that the
obligation is payable in currency by the act
that creates the obligation. Now, let us strike
out those words and make it applicable to
the payment of all obligations except where
the law, some other law perhaps, the legal-
tender acts permit that obligation to be paid
in legal-tender notes. It is a mere quibble to
say that because the right to pay the obligation
in legal-tender notes does not exist in the act
creating the bonds, therefore it is not applica-
ble. If it is found in another law of the same
date, or of antecedent date, it is just as much
a part of the contract, it is just as much a part
of the right of the Government as if it was
contained in the act creating the obligation.
Therefore, by striking out these words the sec-
tion will read in this way :
" Except, in cases where the law has expressly pro-
vided tbat the same may be paid in lawful money or
other currency than gold and silver."
There can be no objection to striking out thes
words I have indicated unless it is intended by
a quibble to take advantage of the fact that the
legislative act making these notes applicable
to the payment of these debts is not in the
identical act creating the bonds, but is in
another act which is in full force and operation
to-day, and was when these bonds were sold.'
Mr. MORRILL. It does not lie in the
power of the Senator from Indiana, able as he
is, to revive any interest on this question, which
has been thoroughly discussed in both branches
of Congress and for a long time ; and no act
of Congress has been passed at this or any
immediate preceding session which has received
a warmer greeting from the people than this
very act. I am somewhat surprised at the
position taken by the distinguished Senator
from Indiana, for I believe he goes further
than even our ancient friend Pendleton on this
subject. His amendment goes so far as to pro-
pose to pay in paper money debts that were
contracted in 1848. I do not suppose that a
proposition of that kind would receive the vote
of more than a single Senator. I supposed
when this bill was introduced that it was some
object to retain precisely the verbiage of the
act as it passed at the last session. I there-
fore was willing to retain this second section,
although quite ready to have it stricken out
after the word proposed by the Senator from
Michigan was inserted before the word " con-
tract," which to some extent modified it. I
trust we shall be able to reach a vote before
we adjourn to-day on thi3 subject and have an
end of it.
Mr. MORTON. Just one word. My friend
from Vermont does not understand Mr. Pen-
dleton's positon or he does not understand
mine. What is Mr. Pendleton's position, for
which he has become somewhat notorious in
this country? It is that the Government has
the right now, after the bonds have been sold,
to issue new legal-tender notes and make them
applicable to the payment of these old bonds. .
Those who are at all familiar with what I have I
said on this floor from the first know that Ij
have always denied that right.
Mr. MORRILL. Rut the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio never proposed to pay bonds
in currency that were contracted before the
year 1862.
Mr.(MORTON. That is notin thequestion.
The Government has steadily, I believe, with-
out objection on the part of anybody, paid in
gold all our old bonds that were issued before
the legal-tender acts were enacted, because the
contracts were made before those acts were jj
passed ; and even the bonds of 1881, as they
are called, the sixes of 1861 that are payable
in 1881, which were authorized before the
legal-tender notes were passed, have always
been held to be bonds payable in gold. So
that the question of old bonds issued before
the war began is not involved here at all.
I am speaking merely of the construction of
the law. I have said time and time again in
this Senate that any action upon this subject
was unnecessary and would amount to nothing
except as it might affect the market value of
the bonds. Sir, you cannot pay in gold any
bonds, the five-twenties, the ten-forties or any
other kind until you have returned to specie
payments, and after you have returned to specie
payments you will have nothing to pay any
bonds with but gold or its equivalent. Even
those bonds expressly payable in currency will
be paid in gold or its equivalent after you have
returned to specie payments, because you will
have nothing else to pay them with, and if any
of these bonds shall fall due before you return
to specie payments you cannot pay them in
gold. It is impossible for this Government to
get gold on a depreciated currency of from
twenty-five to thirty per cent, depreciation. It
is impossible for the Government to get gold to
pay any of these bonds, no difference what
the obligation is, and in point of fact so far
as future results are concerned it makes no dif-
ference what may be the character of the con-
tract. What these bonds shall finally be paid
in will depend upon ourcondition at that time.
If we have returned to specie payments we
shall pay them in gold ; if we have not we can-
not pay them in gold, no difference what the
contract is. So that all the legislation of this
kind is superfluous, except that it may operate
upon the present market value of the bonds.
My views from the beginning have been in favor
of a return to specie payments, and if Con-
gress had directed its attention less to the char-
acter of the contract in regard to the bonds
and more to making provision for a return to
specie payments it would have been better for
the bondholders and for the people this day.
The resumption of specie payments is the start-
ing point. I do not care what the character
of the contract is and I do not care how yoa
legislate, there is the starting point, and when
that is accomplished all the rest settles itself.
Mr. President, this bill does contain one
provision that I am glad of, and it is this:
And the United States also solemnly pledges its
faith to make provision at the earliest practicable
period for the redemption of the UnitedStates notes
m coin.
Sir, that is worth all the rest. It will do
more than all the rest to strengthen the public
credit. Who can doubt it? And in view of
this solemn pledge this Congress ought not to
adjourn without making some provision for the
purpose of redeeming the United States notes
in coin according to the terms of this solemn
promise; and when that is done all the rest
adjusts and settles itself.
Mr. President, I am very glad, as I bad
occasion' to say at the last session just before
the adjournment, that this pledge is made;
and it will be the first duty of Congress to take
steps for the redemption of it. The United
States notes are now due. The bonds are not
due. We have gold in the Treasury which it
was proposed by a bill which has just been
defeated to apply not to the redemption of
United States notes, but to the purchase of
our bonds in the market. That bill is not now
before Congress, and I trust no such provision
ever will be presented again. According to
this pledge contained in this section the first
duty of Congress will be to take steps to apply
that gold and that which we may hereafter ac-
quire not to the purchase of bonds in the mar-
ket, which will not be due for ten or fifteen
years, but to the redemption of that part of
the debt which is now due, and for the redemp-
tion of which in coin the faith of the Govern-
ment is solemnly pledged—redemption not by
contraction, not by funding them into ten-
forly bonds or any other kind of bonds, but
the redemption of these notes by paying them
in coin. This is the solemn pledge, and this
part of the bill is right. In fact I look on all
the rest as being no better than " leather and
prunella."
_ Mr. MORRILL. A single word in explana-
tion. I did not mean to misrepresent the Sen-
ator from Indiana in relation to his position on
this question. As I understood the distin-
guished candidate of the Democracy in 186-1 for
the Vice Presidency, he never proposed to pay
