m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
and the House in the' other we certainly shall
not arrive at any very profitable conclusion.
It may be that by a joint committee we will get
joint action in reference to the whole subject,
if we go on making treaties and recognizing
the right of the President and Senate to make
treaties with every little wandering tribe of
naked savages in the country, treating with
them as independent nations, treating away
portions of the public domain and buying land
from little wandering tribes of savages, and
agreeing to give them annuities and clothing
and agricultural implements and ministers and
schoolmasters and everything else perpetually,
why it. is becoming a great whirlpool in which
we shall sink, as we are now doing, millions
and millions of the people's money annually.
A stop has got to be put to this thing sooner
or later. We have got to reverse the policy
of the Government in regard to the Indians.
If we do not do it in some such way as this the
people, in my opinion, will finally rise and
turn the Indians over to the tender mercies of
the military, or the settlers with muskets in
their hands will settle with them as they see fit.
I hope the gentleman from Massachusetts will
demand the previous question on his resolution
and thatthejoint committee will be appointed.
Let us try it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being upon agreeing
to the resolution.
Mr.. ELDRIDGrE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 48, not voting
53 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Eeatty, Ben-
jamin, -Bennett, Botes, Bowen, Boyd, Buffinton,
Burdett, BeDjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conger,
Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Davis. Deweese. Dockery,
Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Serriss, Ferry, Fink-
elnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Gilfillan, Hay, Heaton,
Hoar, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H.
Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Knapp, Lash, Law-
rence, Loughridge, Lynch, McCormick, McCrary,
McCrew, Mercur, EliakimH. Moore, William Moore,
Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Paine, Poland. Pomeroy,
Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stougliton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner. Tillman,
Twiehell, Tyrier, Unson, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler. Whittemore. Wilkin-
son, Willard, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson, and
Winans—93.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Archer, Beck, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Blair, Burr, Dickinson, Eldridge,
Garfield, Getz, Goliaday, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Hamill, Hoag, Holraan, .Tenckes, Johnson, Thomas
L.Jones, Kerr,Kctphmu.Knott,Marshall, Mayham,
McNeely, Moffct, Mungju, Xibiack, Orth, Randall,
Beading, Reeves, Sbauks, John A. Smith, Stiles,
Stokes. Stone. Strader, Swann. Svveenev.'Trimble,
Van Trump, Wells, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Witoher—48.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Boutwell, Brooks,
Cake. Calkin, Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
■Coburn, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Fox,
Greene, Griswold, Haighfc, Hale, Hamilton, Hawkins,
Hawley, Hill, Hooper, Kelley, Laflin, Logan, May-
nard, McCarthy, Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Daniel
J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Packer,
Palmer, Peters, Phelps, Potter, Rice, Rogers,
Schenck. Schumaker, Sheldon, SJocum, Joseph S.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Townsend. Van
Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, William B. Washburn,
Wood, and Woodward—53.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH^ by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules bedirected
to inquire into the propriety of so amending the
twenty-ninth rule that tbe Speaker shall not be re-
quired to ask a member " Were you within the bar
before the last name on the roll was called ?" who,
having been passed on the call of the roll, shall de-
sire to vote on any question.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr,'-INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce for reference a bill which I
send to the Clerk'a desk.
The bill was read, being supplementary to an
aet entitled " An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof, approved June S, 1864, and for
other purposes."
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the bill be read
at length.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that section twenty-two of the act to
which this is supplementary be so amended
that said section shall read as follows :
In order to furnish suitable notes for circulation
the Comptroller of the Currency is hereby authorized
and required, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to cause plates and dies to be engraved
in the best manner, to guard against counterfeiting
and fraudulent alterations, and to have printed there-
from, and numbered, such quantity of circulating
notes, in blank, of the denominations of one dollar,
two dollars, three dollars, five- dollars, ten dollars,
twenty dollars, fifty dollars, one hundred dollars, five
hundred dollars, and one thousand dollars, as may be
required to supply, under this act, the associations
entitled to receive the same; which notes shall ex-
press upon their face that they are secured by United
States bonds deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States, by the written or engraved signatures
of the Treasurer and Register, and by the imprint of
the seal of the Treasury; and shall also express uj>on
their face the promise of the association receiving
the same to pay on demand, attested by the signatures
of the president or vice president and cashier. And
the said notes shall bear such devices and such other
statements, and shall beinsueh form as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall by regulation direct: Provided,
That not more than one sixth part of the notes fur-
nished to an association shall be of a less denomina-
tion than five dollars, and that after specie payments
shall bo resumed no association shall be furnished
with notes of a less denomination than five dollars.
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and
directed to prepare and issue, as hereinafter
directed, bonds of the United States, either
coupon or registered, to the amount of $600,-
000,000, payable at the pleasure of the United
States after twenty years from date in lawful
money, and hearing interest at the rate of
three per cent, perannum, payable semi-annu-
ally in coin. The bonds hereby authorized
shall be of such denomination, not less than
fifty dollars, as may be deemed expedient by
the Secretary of the Treasury.
The third section provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby empowered to dis-
pose of the bonds hereby authorized to be
issued for lawful money of the United States
at not less than their par value.
The fourth section provides that each and
every banking association organized and doing
business under and by virtue of the act to
which this is supplementary, is hereby required
to deposit with the Treasurer of the United
States, within six months after the passage of
this act, an amount of the bonds hereby au-
thorized to be issued equal to the amount of
bonds then on deposit by said associations,
respectively, with the said Treasurer as secu-
rity for the circulation and Government de-
posits of such associations; and the said Treas-
| urer is hereby authorized to receive from such
associations the bonds hereby authorized to
be issued in lieu of any other bonds held by
him ; and in case any such association shall
fail to comply with the requirements of this
section within six months from the passage of
this act the Comptroller of the Currency shall
forthwith appoint a receiver to wind up the
business of such association in the manner
provided by the act to which this is supple-
mentary.
The fifth section provides that from and
after the passage of this act no bonds except
those to be issued under this act shall be re-
ceived by the Treasurer of the United States as
security for the circulation of any such asso-
ciation, now or hereafter to be organized, or
for security for United States deposits.
The sixth section provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he hereby is, directed
to buy in open market at the lowest market
price any of the gold-bearing interest bonds
of the United States issued under any former
act of Congress, with the lawful money re-
ceived in exchange for the bonds hereby ae
thorized to be issued; and he is hereby pro-
hibited from using or disposing of in any other
manner the lawful money so received in ex-
change for such bonds; and he is hereby fur-
ther directed to cancel and destroy, in accord-
ance with the manner now provided by law,
each and every bond so purchased as aforesaid
under the provisions of this act.
The seventh section provides that all acts
or parts of acts inconsistent with this act are
hereby repealed.
Mr. RANDALL. As indicating my oppo-
sition to this bill I object to its introduction at
this time.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, BARDSTOWN.
Mr. KNOTT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4) to refund the in-
ternal revenue tax assessed upon a bequest
made by Joseph Brown, deceased, for the use
of the Presbyterian church, at Bardstown,
Kentucky ; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, when appointed.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following privi-
leged resolution, and upon it call the previous
question:
Resolved.<.<thz Senate concurring,) That the Speak-
er of the House and the President of the Senate
adjourn their respective Houses of the Forty-First
Congress of the United States on the fourth Mon-
day of March, instant, at twelve o'clock m„ without
day.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like the gentleman
to fix some other day of the week than Monday
for the final adjournment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] withdraw the demand
for the previous question 1
Mr. BINGHAM. I do, for the purpose of
hearing the suggestion of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. ARNELL. I make the point of order
that this resolution is not a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for a question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want to ask the gentle-
man to name for the final adjournment any
other day than Monday. Last year we fixed
Monday as the day of adjournment, and the
consequence was that the day before the ad-
journment we desecrated the Sabbath, sitting
here all that day and all that night in order to
finish business ; and in that way we puased
bills that ought never to have been passed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I modify my resolution
by striking out " fourth Monday '' and insert-
ing "last Friday so as to fix'the last Friday
of March as the day of adjournment. I yield
for a moment to my colleague, [Mr. Schexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to suggest tomy
colleague [Mr. Bingham] and the House
whether it will not be better to keep this mat-
ter of adjournment under our control for a
few days. I think we tray with propriety
adjourn at an early day ; but I do not believe
we can gain anything by fixing the day now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 move that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
On agreeing to the resolution there were—
ayes 118, noes 14.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
