1869.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question is operating.
Mr. WOODWARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 47, not voting
49 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Beaman,
Beniamin, Bennett, Bingham, Blair. Boles, Boyd,
Bufiinton. Burdett, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L.
Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Donley,
Duval. Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkeln- |l
burg, Fisher, Fitoh, Garfieid, Gilfillan. Hale, Hawley, i
Heaton. Hoar, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Jenckes, Alexan- I
der H.Jones,Judd,Julian,Kelsev.Ketcham.Knapp. ;
Lallin, Lasli, Lawrence, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, |
McGrew, Mereur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore, I
Samuel P. Morrill,Negley, O'Neill. Packard, Paine, |
Palmer, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, ]
Saniord, Sargent. Sawyer, Schenck, Scofiold, Shel- |
don, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William i
Smyth, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Till- 1
man, Twichell, Upson, Yan Horn, Ward, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson,Willard,Williams,
and Winans—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
£urr, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick K. Butler,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Crebs, Deweese, Dickinson,
Eidridge, Getz, Golladay, Hawkins, Holman, Hop-
kins, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr. Knott, Mar-
shall, Mayham, McCormick, McNeely, Moffett. Mun-
gen, Niblack, Orth. Reading, Reeves, Rice. Shanks,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strnder, Sweeney,
Taffe, Trimble, Tyner, Van Trump, JohnT. Wilson,
Winchester, and Woodward—47.
' NOTVOTING—Met-srs. Adams, Boutwell, Bowen,
Brooks, Cake, Calkin, Claike, Cleveland, Davis,
Dickey, Dixon. Dockery, Fax, Greene, Griswold,
Haight. Ilaldeman, Hambleton, Ilamill, Hamilton,
Hay, Hill, Hoag, Ingersoll, Kelley, Logan, Lough- '
ridge, McCarthy, Ehakim H. Moore, Morgan, Daniel
J. Morrell, Morrissey, Packer, Peters, Potter. Ran-
dall, Rogers, Roots, Schumaker, Slocum, William
J. Saiith, Stevenson, Swann. Townsend, Van Auken,
Voorhecs, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, and
Wood—49.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SCHENCKmoved to reconsider the vote
jusr, taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
title of the bill so it shall read "An act to
strengthen the public credit of the United
States;" and on that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
or4er to move an amendment to the amend-
ment? I do not think the bill does strengthen
the public credit.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
previous question be not seconded.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
70, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The amendment to the title of the bill was
then agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the title of the bill was amended ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution :
lteiolved. That all books and public documents,
except the Congressional Globe, which have not been
delivered to the persons entitled thereto under the
lesolution ot the last House of Representatives shall
now be delivered by the officers having possession
ot the same to the Representatives in this House of
those (]i-ti icts whose former Representatives have
not drawn the documents to which such districts were
respectively entitled, according to the rate of dis-
tribution established.
Mr. LAFLIN. Is it in order to introduce
that resolution at this time?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. LAFLIN. Then I object.
COMMITTEE Of ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the Committee of Elections : Mr. Paine ot
Wisconsin, Mr. Churchill of New York, Mr.
Heatox of North Carolina, Mr. Cessna of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Butler of Tennessee, Mr.
Stevenson of Ohio, Mr. Burdett of Missouri,
Mr. Burr of Illinois, and Mr. Randall of
Pennsylvania.
standing committees.
The SPEAKER stated that he would an-
nounce the standing committees on Monday
next at the expiration of the morning hour.
resignation of hon. george s. boutwell.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following letter:
Washington, Marchl2,1869.
Sir: Having accepted the office of Secretary of
the Treasury, I hereby resign my seat as Represent-
ative in the Forty-First Congress from the State of
m phii
I am, very respectfully, your most obedient ser-
vant,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL.
Hon. James G. Blaine, Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States.
new war department building.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
recommending an appropriation of $6,000 for
the purpose of paying the premiums awarded
for the plan of a new War Department build-
ing ; which was ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, when appointed.
CHARLES C. M'ciiBBRr.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
returning the papers in the case of Charles C.
McCreery ; which were ordered to be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, when
appointed.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was grauted to Mr. Kerr
for one week, and to Mr. Adams indefinitely.
iowa war claims.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of the Iowa war claims, for reference to
the Treasury Department for adjustment.
contested-election cases.
The SPEAKER laid before the House papers
in the following contested-election cases; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections :
Barnes vs. Adams, Kentucky ; Van Wyck vs.
Greene, New York ; Elliott to. Rogers, Arkan-
sas; Zeigler vs. Rice, Kentucky; Boynton«s.
Shober, North Carolina; Wallaces. Simpson,
South Carolina ; and Darrell vs. Bailey, Louis-
iana.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCOFIELD,
(at ten minutes past three o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned until Monday at twelve
o'clock m.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees«
By Mr. STILES: The petition of Andrew
Klotz and others, soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying for pensions.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: The petition of
J. A. Ryan, late a private of company C, first
Tennessee cavalry, for the rem oval of the charge
of desertion.
Also, the petition of Mrs. S. A. Elford, for
pay for services of her husband, E. J. Elford,
late assessor of the third district of South Caro-
lina.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 15, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. F. S. De Hass, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FERRY. I present the petition of
Hugh W. Sheffy, of Augusta county, Virginia,
praying for the removal of his disabilities. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Other petitions
of this character have been laid on the table
for the present, awaiting tha action of the
House of Representatives on the resolution
passed by the Senate providing for a joint com-
mittee on this subject.
Mr. FERRY. Then let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itwilllieon the
table for the present.
Mr. NYE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Nevada, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Belmont, to Au-
rora, in that State ; which was referred to th.e
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of William
R. Dozier, of Westmoreland county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Robert L.
Reynolds, of Virginia, praying the removal of
his political disabilities; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a resolution of the
board of aldermen and common council of the
city of Georgetown, District of Columbia, ask-
ing an appropriation for the completion of the
Washington aqueduct; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Matthew De Atley, praying the intervention of
Congress to protect him frouj the assessment
of oyster tonnage tax under the authority of
the Legislature of Virginia ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. C0NKLING. I present the petition of
Catharine Bourshett, of New York, praying
for an extension of the patent of her husband,
Thomas Bourshett, deceased, for railroad car-
wheels, dated November IB, 1849. I present
with it as a part of the petition, for conven-
ience sake, a bill, and move that it be referred
with the petition to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I have a petition signed by
eight hundred citizens of the State of New
York, which I desire to present, asking that the
Constitution of the United States be amended
so as to acknowledge Almighty God as the
source of all authority in civil government, and
the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among na-
tions. I move the reference of this petition to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
, James 0. Ladd, praying an increase of pen-
| sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
i Pensions.
j papers withdrawn and referred.
S On motion of Mr. N1E, it was
I Ordered, That, the petition of Samuel A. Bishop
I be withdrawn from the flies of the Senate and referred
' to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
! reports of committees.
|| Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
ij Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (8. No.
jj 33) to repeal a part of the eighth section of the
II act to establish a Treasury Department, ap-
j; proved September 2, 1789, and a bill (S. No.
3-1) relating to the Secretary of the Treasury,
11 have instructed meto report them back and
il recommend their indefinite postponement.
ii The VICE PRESIDENT. The_ Senator
|l from Illinois reports in favor of the indefinite
postponement of the bills named by him. They
will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
31) to amend and consolidate the several acts
establishing and relating to a Metropolitan
police in the District of Columbia, have in-
structed me to report it back and ask to be
,, discharged from its further consideration, and
l| that it be referred to the Committee on the
|! District of Columbia, which more properly has
! jurisdiction of that question.
I; The report was agreed to.
ii Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
11 the Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint
|l resolution (S. R. No. 7) proposing an amend-
li ment to the Constitution of the United States,
