THE :COJ^RBSSI0HM/ GLOBE.
MarcH 15,
reportedadversely thereon, and moved that it
B>e indefinitely postponed; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same commit-
tee, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them severally with an amendment
to each :
A bill (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United-States ;
A bill (S. No. 75) regulating the rights of
property of married women in the District of
Columbia;
A bil} (S. No. 144) to enforce the fourteenth
article of amendment of the Constitution of
theUriited States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3) to repeal an act regu-
ula-ting the tenure of certain civil offices.
" "He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 76) concerning
divorces in the'District of Columbia, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolatiou (S. B. No.
14) respecting the provisional governments of
Virginia and Texas, passed at the third session
of the Fortieth Congress,' reported it without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1) to
repeal an act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices, have directed me to report it back
arid move its indefinite postponement. It is
covered by the bill from the House already
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last bill will
be indefinitely postponed unless objection be
made.
CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
report a jointresolution (-S. R. No. 21) author-
izing the removal of the public stables, steam
saw-mill, and other buildings from the Capitol
grounds ; and if there be no objection, as I
suppose there will be none, I ask that the reso-
lution be put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read three times, and passed. It author-
izes the officer in charge of the Capitol exten-
sion to clear from the Capitol grounds the
public stables, steam saw-mill, and such other
buildings as are of no further use to the work
on the Capitol extension.
RAILROAD GRANTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
11) to renew certain grants of land to the State
of Alabama, direct me to report it back with-
out amendment and recommend its passage.
I ask unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider the bill at this time. It has twice re-
ceived the assent of the committee, it is very
important to our State, and>i think there will
be no objection to it.
_ By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the grant of lands made to the
State of Alabama by the act of Congress ap-
proved June 31, 1856, granting public lands
in alternate sections to the State of Alabama
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State, to assist in the building of rail-
roads u from near Gadsden to some point on
the Alabama and Mississippi State line, in a
direction to the Mobile and Ohio railroad, with
a yiew to connect with the Mobile and Ohio
railroad," and "from Gadsden to conuect with
the Georgia and Tennessee andTehnessee line
of railroads through'Chattooga, Wills's, and
Lookout valleys,'1 shall be revived and re-
newed for the use and benefit of the Alabama
and Chattanooga Railroad Company, subject
to all the conditions and restrictions contained
in the act referred to, and subject to the further
limitation that if either of the railroads named
is not completed within three years from the
passage of the act no further' sale shall be
made for the benefit of such railroad, and the
lands uusoId shall revert to the United States.
The right, power, and authority is given to the I
cootfiatiteis building the railroads named to
take -from the public lands adjacent to their
lines earth, stone, and other materials for the
construction thereof, and the< right of way to
the extent of one hundred feet in width on
each side <jf the railroads where they may pass
over the public lands-, including all necessary
grounds for stations and structures connected
therewith, not exceeding forty acres at any
one station.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not know anything
about the merits of thia bill, but there is one
point that I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to, and that is that although no lands
may be granted to this railroad, and no lands
may be granted to the hundred other railroads
or proposed- railroads that may be presented
to the Senate or House of Representatives,
yet the indorsement of such projects is an in-
ducement to draw capital otherwise invested
into railroads through a portion of the country
where they are unnecessary, and it is one of
the curses of the present time that there is that
inducement given by legislation to withdraw
capital from the productive industries of the
country to the advancement of the interests
represented by railroads.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the tjiird time, and passed.
CONSULAR FEES.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimpus consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No-. 22) relative to consular fees.
Mr. NYE. I should like, as a matter of jus-
tice, to have this resolution considered now.
Theproposition it contains was fully considered
and adopted by the Senate at the last session
on the recommendation of the Committee on
Commerce. By a law passed in July, 1866,
certain of our consuls abroad were made sal-
aried officers, and they were obliged to report
their fees to the Treasury Department. Many
of them had no notice of the law for months
afterward ; in fact, the circular notifying them
of it was not sent from the State Department
till the 22d of October, 1866. The simple ob-
ject of this resolution is to make that statute
take effect on the 1st day of January, 1867. I
hold in my hand a letter from the chief clerk
in the Fifth Auditor's office, showing that the
whole amount the Government will have to
refund under the resolution will be about ten
thousand dollars. Mr. Frelinghuysen intro-
duced this proposition at the last session, and
it was passed unanimously by the Senate and
agreed to by the committee of conference on
the bill to which it was attached, but after that,
as I am informed by one of the members of
that committee, a member of the House com-
mittee objected to it, and for the sake of har-
mony they consented to strike it out. It is a
measure of great justice which really ought
not to be delayed.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read three times, and passed. It provides
that section three of chapter two hundred and
thirty-three of the public acts of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, approved July 25, 1866, shall
take effect from and after January 1, 1867, and
that> all fees which have been paid into the
Ireasury in obedience to the provisions of that
section and which accrued prior to the 1st day
of January, 1867, shall be refunded out of the
consular receipts.
EMPLOYES OF THE TWO HOUSES.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted the following con-
current resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
lienohed, (the House of Representatives concur- '
ring.) that the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, and the Commit-
tee on Accounts of the House of Representatives, be '
a joint committee for the purpose of perfecting and i
reporting a. bill or bills defining the number, duties,
and compensation of the employes of the Senate and
House of Representatives.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leavfe to introduce a bill (S. No.
116) to allow deputy collectors and assessors
ol internal r-eveitui; acting assessors the pas*
of collectors and assessors; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, aod ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introdace a bill (S.
No. 117) to encourage and facilitate telegraphic
communication between the eastern and west-
ern continents; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 118) to amend an act entitled "An aet
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th of June, 1870
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 119)
providing for the formation of corporations
and regulating the same in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 120) to incorporate the Southern Express
Company ; _whieh was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 121)
to guaranty the payment of certain bonds to
be issued under the authority of the govern-
ments of the States of Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Mississippi, for the purpose of building
and repairing the levees in said States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG. At the(close of the last
session the Secretary of War was called upon
for a report regarding the condition of the
levees in those three States—Mississippi, Lou-
isiana, and Arkansas. I am instructed by
the Committee on Commerce, to whom tljrst
report was referred, to present it to the Sen-
ate and move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 122) confirming a charter granted
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana
for the purpose of connecting the Mississippi
river with Lake Borgne by means of a canal,
and for other purposes: which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee oft Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. lU3t
granting the right of way to the Pacific Central
transit railway and telegraph from the city <<!
New Orleans, Louisiana, to some point on the
Rio Grande river, Texas, in the direction of
Mazatlan, on the Pacific coast; which was road
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 124) granting lands in the State of Minne-
sota to aid in constructing a railroad from Lake
Superior to Vermillion lake, in said State;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1 5>3;
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
canal or canals for irrigating purposes in tin-
State of California; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee oh Public
Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 12<)j
granting lands to aid in the construction of the
Oroville and Virginia City railroad; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered -to be
printed.
