1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
127) relating to telegraphic communication be-
tween the United States and foreign countries;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 128)
for the relief of Mrs. Jane Northridge; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 129) for the relief of Simon Grostman;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONKLJN(} asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 130) to encourage the building of steam-
ships in the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say that I have
accompanying that bill a memorial which,
although not strictly in order now, I ask leave
to present, from the New York and Antwerp
Mail Steamship Company, praying that Amer-
ican steamships employed in carrying the mails
may be released from the payment of all dues
payable to the United States, and move that
it be referred to the same committee and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by iinanimoms
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 131) for the relief of James H. Willis, of
Greenville, Tennessee ; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 132)
for the relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of Knox-
ville, Tennessee ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 23) for setting apart a
portion of the Fort Snelling military reserva-
tion for a permanent military post and the
settlement of all claims in relation thereto ;
which was_ read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 2-1) for the disposal of
the public lands in the States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous eonsent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 25) for the relief
of Helen Lincoln and Heloise Lincoln, and for
the withholding of moneys from tribes oflndians
holding American captives ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PR A 1 T asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 26) relating to the Interior
Department: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
ami ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY. I ask leave to offer an amend-
ment to Senate bill No. 105, for the removal
of disabilities. I move that it be laid upon the
table, and be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate take up the concurrent resolution offered
by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] for
the repeal of the concurrent resolution passed
at the last session for the appointment of a
committee to reorganize the Departments.
The' VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not yet been concluded, and the
motion will not be in order until that time.
The introduction of bills and joint resolutions
is still in order.
Mr. MORTON. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution, which I send to the Chair.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved, &c„ That on the sixth legislative
dayof a regular session or of a legally called special
session of any State Legislature each house of said
Legislature at the hour of twelve meridian shall
proceed to the consideration of any amendment to
the Constitution of the United States that may have
been submitted by the Congress of the United States
to the Legislatures of the several States for ratifica-
tion according to the provisions of the fifth article
of the Constitution of the United States: Provided,
Such amendment may not have been acted upon at
any preceding session of such Legislature. And if
upon the consideration oj such amendment it shall
receive the votes of a majority of the members
elected to each house of said Legislature it shall be
held to be ratified by such Legislature; and if final
action is not taken upon the first day, then the
houses shall meet the next day at the same hour,
and shall continue to meet from day to day, Sundays
excepted, until the final action is taken upon such
•amendment; nor shall the action of either house
of such Legislature upon such amendment be hin-
dered or prevented by the resignation or withdrawal
or refusal to qualify of a minority of either or of
both houses of said Legislature.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That if such
amendment or amendments shall be ratified accord-
ing to the provisions of the preceding section the
same shall be duly certified by the officers of each
house and shall be transmitted by the Governor of
the State to thy President of the United States.
Mr. DAYIS. I object to the consideration
of that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky object to the second reading?
Mr. MORTON. I do not ask for the con-
sideration of the resolution now ; but I desire
to have it referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky object to the reference of
the resolution ?
Mr. DAVIS. I object to its first reading;
I object to any reading of it.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky, the Chair understands, objects
to granting leave to introduce it, and there-
fore it will simply be regarded as a notice by
the Senator from Indiana of his intention to ask
leave to introduce the resolution to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. T suggest to the President
whether the objection is not too late after a
reading has taken place ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
title to this joint resolution the subject of it
could not be disclosed until it was read in full.
The Chair therefore thinks the Senator from
Kentucky was entitled to object as soon as the
reading was concluded. If there had been a
title he should have objected after the reading
of the title.
committee service.
Mr. ROSS. On the reorganization of the
Senate committees a few days ago I had the
honor to be appointed as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Engrossed Bills. I wish now most
respectfully to ask to be excused from serving
on that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas asks to be excused from further
service as chairman of the Committee on En-
grossed Bills. If there be no objection he
will be regarded as excused. It is so ordered.
civil service committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up the
concurrent resolution offered by the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] for the -repeal of a
concurrent resolution passed at the last session
authorizing the appointment of a joint com-
mittee to reorganize the Departments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. Grimes ; which was
amended and agreed to, as follows : |
^ Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa- !
tives concurring,) That the concurrent resolution 1
of the two Houses passed at the third session of the '
Fortieth Congio-cs, for the appointment at the first i
session of the Forty-First Congress uf a joint com- !
imuee to oxumine and report upon the expediency |
or reorganizing the civil sevviceof the United States,
be, :iliu the sidio is hereby, rescinded. I
CIVIl OFFICERS IN VIRGINIA AND TEXAS.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of Sen-
ate jointresolutionNo. 14,whichwas reported
back favorably by the Judiciary Committee this
morning, and which, if passed at all, -should
be passed to day or to-morrow. It is a reso-
lution amendatory of the joint resolution re-
specting the provisional governments of Vir-
ginia and Texas, passed at the third session of
the Fortieth Congress. If theSeuate will listen
to me I will make a statement of what it is.
Last summer a joint resolution -passedr4he
House of Representatives directing the military
Governors of Virginia and Texas to remove
from office those persons who were in office,
but disabled by the fourteenth amendment,
which had then taken effect. That passed ovet
until the winter session, and sometime in Jan-
uary last it was pending before the Senate and
passed the Senate, but with an amendment pre-
scribing that it should not take effect until
thirty days from its passage, for the purpose
of giving the military commander in Virginia
particularly an opportunity of making inquiry
both as to removals from office and as to can-
didates to be placed in office in lieu of those
who were removed. The joint resolution, thus
amended, passed, but the bill removing dis-
abilities failed between the two Houses. That
bill was reintroduced on Thursday last by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and lies upon our
table to await the appointment of the joint
Committee on Disabilities of the two Houses of
Congress. It is therefore necessary, in order
to carry out the object of the resolution which
we passed last winter, to extend the time for
thirty days longer. The joint resolution which
has been reported back from the Judiciary
Committee merely postpones the operation of
the act requiring the military commanders to
remove these persons for thirty days from'the
passage of this joint resolution. A new mili-
tary commander has just taken command in
the provisional government of Virginia, Gen-
eral Canby, and this time is needed precisely
as it was needed last winter. I ask that the
resolution be read.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 14) amendatory
of a joint resolution respecting the provisional
governments of Virginia and Texas, passed
at the third session of the Fortieth Congress,
reported to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT,
from Vermont objects.
The Senator
naval reorganization.
Mr. GRIMES. I inoV^that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration oF Senate bill No. 24,
for the reorganization of the Navy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 24) to reorganize the
Navy of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that the amend-
ments reported by the committee be taken up
and acted upon as they are reached in the read-
ing of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa suggests that the amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on Naval Affairs be
considered as they are reached in the reading
of the bill. If there be no objection that course
will be pursued.
The bill was read.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line four, to insert the word
'' naval" before "survey; " in linesix to strike
out " commodores" and to insert "rear admi-
ral ; " and in line eight to strike out " three "
and insert " four; " so that the section will
read :
That there shall be, and there ishereby, established
mid conneoted with the Jsuvy Department a board
of naval survey, to be composed of three officers of
the Jfavv not below thegrade of rear admiral of the
