M
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
line, who shall be appointed by the President, con-
firmed by the Senate, and' hold their offices for the
term of tour years.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
two, to strike out the words " a clerk" and to
insert ''an officer;" in line three, to strike out
the word "Department" and to insert "not
below the grade of commander#;" and in line
four, to strike out the words "the clerk" and
to insert " secretary' so that the section will
read:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Navy to detail an
officer of the Navy, not below the grade of com-
mander. to act as secretary of said board of survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventh section, in the following words:
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act no promotion to the
grade of commodore on the active list shall be made
until the number in said grade is reduced below fif-
teen, which shall thereafter be the number allowed
bylaw.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the reason stated for striking out that section.
Mr. GRIMES. In the bill that I had the
honor to submit to the Senate, and which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
this section was included, which reduces the
number of commodores from twenty-five to
fifteen. Upon consultation with the commit-
tee, ahd by reference to persons quite familiar
with the subject, it was thought that the num-
ber of twenty-five, which is the number now
allowed by law, was not too many. This does
not increase the number of commodores. The
bill as I introduced it reduced them. Striking
out the section simply retains them at the num-
ber now established by law.
Mr. CONKLING. What is tbat number?
Mr. GRIMES. Twenty-five. I propose to
reduce it in the bill as I introduced it to fif-
teea : but the committee and others who were
consulted on the subject thought it better to
retain it at the present number.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I should like to know
whom the committee consulted. I suppose the
feeling of officers in the Navy quite naturally
is to keep as many officers of these high grades
as possible, because it affords a better chance
for promotion to those below them. I should
like to have some other reason for it than the
opinion of those who were consulted. I want
to know who those consulted were, if it is
thought that the Navy should be kept in its
number of officers at so high a figure as at
present. The reduction that has been going
on in the Army has been verygreat. Why can
we not reduce the number of officers in the
Navy, not by striking any out who are now in,
but by not filling vacancies? What do we want
with more than fifteen commodores on the act-
ive list, or what shall we want in the future
with more than that number? I should like
to hear some better reason given for it than
that the opinion of somebody—we do not know
who—was obtained that it is better to keep it
at twenty-five. Has the honorable Senator
from Iowa changed his opinion on the subject?
Mr. GRIMES. The gentlemen who were
consulted o.n this subject were the seven gen-
tlemen eminently skilled in naval affairs who
compose the Committee on Naval Affairs of
the Senate. Let me tell the Senator he need
vr6 a^arme<^ shout our not having reduced
the Navy correspondingly with the redaction
of the Army. When this bill shall pass there
will not be quite as many officers in the Navy
as there were at the beginning of the war in
1861.
Mr. CONKLING. Including the admirals
and rear admirals?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; including them
all. The bill simply gives the rear admirals
additional rank with very little more pay than
the commodores receive. It is simply a re-
organization with additional rank to corre-
spond with the Army rank where they are
broughtin contact, as they were during the war,
ill mutual cooperation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, if I understand
the Senator from Iowa, all he means to say is
that a majority of the committee think we had
better keep the number at twenty-five.
Mr. GRIMES. All of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is the opinion
of the committee I do not feel disposed to
quarrel with it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
line four, to strike out the word "to"' and to
insertthe word "below," and line twelve, after
the word ''grade," to insert " of lieutenants
so that the section will read:
t Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That no promo-
tion to the grade of lieutenant commander on the
active list shall be made until the number in said
grad.e is reduced below eighty, which shall thereafter
be the number allowed by law; and when the num-
ber of lieutenant commanders shall have been so
reduced, section five of the act to define the number
and regulate the appointment of officers in the Navy,
and for other purposes, approved July 25,1866, shall
stand repealed. And as the number of lieutenant
commanders is reduced the number of lieutenants
shall be increased, until the number in said grade of
lieutenants on the active list shall be two hundred
and eighty, whieh shall thereafter be the number of
lieutenants allowed.by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
PUBLIC CREDIT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will suspend the reading of the amendments.
The morning hoar having expired, the Senate,
as in Committep of the Whole, resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 56) to strengthen
the public credit, and relating to contracts for
the payment of coin ; upon which the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Sfjaague] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, it is not
my intention this morning to make a speech
or to enter into the discussion of this question
by any show of statistics or any details that
will weary the Senate or be tedious to my lis-
teners. I have thought of this subject of
finance with a great deal of anxiety. I have
brought to bear upon its consideration the posi-
tion in which the industries of the country are
placed. I have compared those industries
with the industries of other countries, and I
have also compared the plan of finance which
governs and controls our affairs with tbe plan
of finance whieh governs and controls the
affairs of other countries. And, sir, I am
weighed down with anxiety when I contem-
plate the ruin that is in store for us unless we
pause in the forced policy that we have been
pursuing since the close of the" war.
When the Duke of Wellington conceived the
idea that the English troops could fight in two
ranks, and thereby, in his judgment, overcome
the masses of French infantry, then domineer-
ing and triumphing over all Europe, he became
tired and weary in the contemplation of that
subject, and obtaining leave of abser.ee from the
Indian government reported himself at home
and obtained employment. And with that
simple idea in his head he stationed himself in
the Peninsula, and both with the troops of
whom he had charge and with the fortifications
that he found it necessary to build he pursued
that idea, and triumphed in his turn over
Napoleon, who had subjugated Europe and tri-
umphed over the best generals that the allies
could bring to bear. I mention that to show
that it is little things that govern the greatest
of human affairs.
A few weeks since, in order to understand
something of the condition of the South, I vis-
ited Georgia, and naturally was invited to in-
spect a cotton mill. In the city of Augusta,
Georgia, is a cotton-mill that to-day will sur-
pass, and does surpass in the success of its
operations, the best one in New England; and
the secret of that success lies in the turn of '
one roll where the cotton is delivered on the !
spindle, it turning at one hundred and fifteen !
turns to the minute, where others in New Eng- !
land and even by the side of it turn ninety or \
one hundred. >
Columbus, after he had discovered America. |
was asked at a festive board how, among all '
the people of his time, he should have discov-
ered the New World. He asked them to stand
an egg upon its end. They made every effort
to accomplish the purpose, and failing looked
to him. Cracking the egg on the end it stood.
It was sufficient; they understood him. Now,
I send to the Chair my proposition of finance
and ask thai it be read. I do not offer it as an
amendment, but simply as a paper on wliich,
and on which alone, in my opinion, can this
country solve her financial oroblem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the paper.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That the President nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate appoint, a com-
missioner, a deputy commissioner, and twenty-four
judges of finance, to be selected from among men of
wide experience and marked skill in business, ex-
clusive of those engaged in banking, to examine into
the English system of finance, touching the reception
and disbursement of the national income, and to re-
port at the next session of Congress a plan for tbe
reception of the national revenues into theTrea?ury
and the disbursement thereof, and to disconnect from
tbe Treasury its jurisdiction over national banks.
This power vested in said commissioners shall be eo
directed as to obviate rbe scarcity of money and high
ratesof interest caused by the withdrawal of Treasury
revenues from the market by keeping daily m the
market the same sum as is received into the Treasury,
and to place the same on the market at such poinrs
as will check the increasing rates of interest and in-
crease capital while decreasing the coot thereof.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It will be seen by that
paper that my opinion is not favorable to an
Decreased issue of legal tenders or of national
bank currency. It will also be seen that ! am
not in favor of a repudiation of the national
debt. But, sir, 1 do not sympathize with that
class of men who are holding up to the gaze
of the people of the United States the sacred-
nes3 of that debt. I was opposed in your
caucus, Mr. President, to an amendment of
the Constitution giving undue protection to
that debt, and I am also now opposed to any
reiterated protection by the law contemplated
by the bill before the Senate. I do not think
that there is much sacredness in the issue of
bonds for the Pacific railroad, which become a
part of your national debt; and I see nothing
that is sacred in the thousand and one unne-
cessary appropriations that are constantly made
at each session of Congress.
The great bulk of the debt of the nation has
been created in pursuance of a necessary and
important object, the maintaining of the ter-
ritorial integrity of the United States. In
Great Britain to-day the profits on almost any
one of her great industries—her commerce, her
manufactures of iron or of coal or of eoUou
or of wool—are sufficient to pay the interest on
her national debt. But is it the part of a peo-
ple^ to drift into the condition of Mexican
society, where the national debt is an oppressive
burden to the community? If those whose
business it is to make light the public burdens
neglect, either from ignorance or from any
other cause, to pursue a policy that wi!l relieve
instead of a policy tbat will destroy, if the peo-
ple of this country are to-day, in consequence
of the public debt bearing heavily upon them,
drifting, as I verily believe, into the condition
of Spanish and Mexican society, would any
one demand that state of slavery rather than
a cancellation of the debt?
Sir, you have provided for wholesale repu-
diation of private debts by your enactments at
recent sessions of Congress. You can cancel
debts between individuals, between the citi-
zens of the country; and you look with holy
horror upon a suggestion that if you pursue
a policy of destruction this incubus will be
sloughed off. You "look upon it with holy
horror that any one should touch that sacred
circle!
This Senate must knowfacts connected with
the industries of this country. I told yon two
years ago that you had lost, if you were not
exceedingly careful in reference to your future
legislation, yonr monopoly of cotton, and no-
body believed it; nobody will believe it novsr;
but let me tell you that you have lost forever
your sea-island cotton. Go to th$ South and
make inquiries there. It is a thing that was,
