1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and the whole South is to-day trying to find a
substitute in the rami or China grass that will
grow more prolifically whereby they can re-
place that which has been lost. I tell you,
sir, that in five years under the system of
finance pursued by the projectors of this bill,
that which of itself was a monopoly and has
now ceased to be a monopoly will cease to be
a profitable business to those who are engaged
in it. It may be that some of my friends from
the South are watching the encroachments made
upon that interest in Egypt, in India, and in
Brazil.
The last statement from England of the re-
ceipts of that fiber shows a marvelous increase ;
one half of the cotton used by Great Britain is
to-day received from Egypt, India, and Brazil;
and the cotton that is produced by India, by
Egypt, and by Brazil is equal for all necessary
purposes to that produced in this country.
But I have another point to urge upon the
western men of this Senate, and to say to them
that the boasted strength and prosperity of
that section is but a shadow; and 1 point to
the reports of the production of one article
which is but a representative of all the others,
wheat. It is the deliberate judgment of the
men who have statistics in their hands and are
acquainted with this subject that in the old
States, on the old lands, exclusive of Califor-
nia, five bushels per acre is the amount of the
crop on the average produced in the western
States, and that including California and all
the new lands that are taken up eleven and a
half bushels to the acre is the outside figure.
What is the production of England, Ireland,
and Scotland ? Twenty-eight bushels per acre.
Now, let me ask what prospect there is of the
farming interest of this country competing in
the markets of Europe? Sir, I do not care
how large a product may be made by the
American producer, if it costs him more than
he gets for the article he produces there is no
wealth to him and no wealth to the nation.
It is within my own experience that the capi-
tal required to do the same business in this
country beyond that required by the man doing
a similar business in Great Britain is more than
three and a half times as much; and I illus-
trate it in this way : the English manufacturer
plies his spindle at eighty cents and does his
business upon a capital to employ that spindle
of eighty cents ; the American manufacturer is
compelled to employ a capital of $2 75 for that
spindle.
That is answer enough as to whether the
volume of currency per head here if equal to
the volume of currency per head in Europe is
sufficient for this country. That is but one illus-
tration ; but it illustrates the whole business of
the country, mechanical, fanning, and manu-
facturing. It is a case in point and illustrates
the whole. Everything is in just that situation,
iwili give you anotherinstance to complete the
picture. We make horse-shoes in this country,
and it costs, without counting the capital in-
vested, five cents per pound for each shoe. I
can go to Canada and have them made for two
cents per pound. The disparity is two cents there
against five cents in this country. Is it known
to the Senate or to anybody that in every arti-
cle that is produced in this country, whether it
is an article of mechanics, manufactures, or :
agriculture, a very large element of the cost is
the price paid for capital ? Take, for instance,
corn at fifty cents a bushel. Two thirds of that
fifty cents is the cost of the capital employed
in the production of that bushel of corn.
Everybody in this country is willing to admit
that we are wanting in capital, and that any
measure which will tend to create capital in
this country is that which is desirable beyond
all other things. Now, I tell the Senate and
I tell the people of this country that the policy
pursued from the beginning, of contraction
and of a constant indorsing of the public debt,
has in effect driven capital from this country,
made that which was scarce still scarcer, ruined
your commerce, your manufacturing, and your
farming, and even the bankers themselves, who
are now constantly at your bar begging for
41st Cong. 1st Sess,---No 5,
some help—even they, eating their own words,
admit that they are losing from day to day the
business in which they were heretofore en-
gaged, and they are giving it up by force to
such interlopers as Fisk and Gould, and they
cannot help themselves. They are tied hand
and foot as surely and as certainly as they have
tied this Senate and this country ; for who ever
heard of a policy that would drive a public debt
ora private debt into the hands of the people of
other countries? Why, sir, that absurd doctrine
was given up two hundred and fifty years ago.
In Elizabeth's time the whole people of Great
Britain were agreed that the public debt was a
capital and the interest from time to time paid
on that debt should go to increase the capital
within the territory ofGreatBritain,andby that
increase her industries became more prosper-
ous. But, sir, on the otherhand, we have been
try ing to force beyond our borders the very thing
on which and by which alone we were able to do
our business. Bonds, currency, interest, are
capital, and you cannot separate one from the
other.
But, sir, look and see what you have done
with the banking capital of this country. It
is an interesting subject to contemplate. There
are $420,000,000 of national banking capital,
and what have you done with it? I will show
you. Three hundred and forty million dollars
are locked up in your Treasury as security for
circulation ; $37,000,000 are locked up to
secure deposits ; there are $36,000,000 of
bonds otherwise ; there are $20,000,000 of
other stocks and bonds. Then a large amount
of the capital, in the shape of legal tenders,
fractional currency, compound-interest notes,
and three per cent, certificates, is compelled
by law to be hoarded in the banks.
The whole capital, with from sixty to eighty
millions besides, is forced into a dark corner.
All that there is now on which the industries
of this people can be carried on is what little
national bank currency there is afloat and the
Government legal tenders, which by statute
are constantly being reduced and hid away in
the vaults of the banks. The interest that is
paid by the borrower to-day is justdouble what
it was at the close of the war.
I have said that the capital required by the
farmer and the mechanic in this country over
that which is required in Great Britain is three
and a half times. Add to that the double rate
of interest, and it is unnecessary that you shall
pursue your discoveries one step further to
understand exactly where the evil is in your
financial management. It is just there and
nowhere else. Great Britain's system of rail-
roads, based upon her low interest and abun-
dant capital, will carry a ton of coal one hun-
dred miles for what it costs me in this country
to carry a ton of coal three miles. I pay for
carrying a ton three miles as much as the man-
ufacturer in Great Britain pays for transporting
it one hundred miles.
All these things are true; there is no mis-
take in one of them ; and there is no necessity
whatever to surmise or to speculate as to what
is the cause of the present disturbances in busi-
ness. Go ask any distributor of goods in New
York or Boston what is the condition of their
accounts for the past three years touching the
payments of the debts made by the West, and
there is not one of them who can show that he
could pay his interest a,nd his rents. There is
not one of them who, if he tells you the truth,
will not say that he is in debt; the poor debts
that have been made, the failures that have
occurred, have been greater than all the profits
made from business; and they will tell you
again that the securities otherwise in their
possession are weakened twenty per cent.
How long, I ask, can a country pursue that
sort of business and be assured at all that it
can maintain any value for its public debt?
Some people—and there are such here in the
Senate perhaps—will say that the recent ad-
vance of your bonds in Europe was caused by
the proposition now before the body. There
are some people who will believe even that
that is the fact Well, sir* if it is any satisfac-
tion for them to know it, I can state that at the
same timeand from the same cause the Goverp-
ment bonds of Turkey assumed a similar rela^
tion as to price; they advanced about six orsev^n
per cent. The cause of it was simply that the
English capitalists had taken two or three per
cent, long enough and they were willing to take
greater risks and secure securities that would
pay a higher rate of interest.
Some people, too, will say that the rise in
the value of your currency was occasioned by
some remark that has been made by somebody
or some resolution before the bar of this Sen-
ate or otherwise : that that was the cause of
an increased value to your paper. What was
the cause? This rise in the value of your
securities drove them to Europe, and drove to
Europe the capital oil which your business was
done, and exchange has been drawn against
them coming in competition with gold, and the
result was inevitable. Sir, that was the cause,
and no other. The idea of resolutions like
this before the Senate or anywhere else, or
articles in newspapers, or speeches made by
anybody having an effect upon the price of
gold or the value of your bonds is the most
complete absurdity that ever afflicted the brains
of sensible men.
Congress and the Supreme Court seem to be
acting in accord on this subject. My friend
from Indiana [Mr. Mortok] in his remarks
the other day told the Senate that the second
section of the bill was in qualification of the
dangerous influences connected with the recent
decision of the Supreme Court. As my mind
is not taken up with any of the ameliorating
.projects or any of the medicines that are
used to cure this disease, I had not paid any
attention whatever to the merits of that section
in detail; but it was the business of somebody
to take some notice of it, and my friend from
Indiana was correct in the judgment that he
gave, and the Senate led by outside influences,
by men who have given this question no study
whatever, were wrong, and I will show you how.
I read from the Bankers' Gazette of Friday,
March 5, 1869 ; they tell the truth sometimes:
"Since tlie late legal-tender decision of the Supreme
Court authorizing contracts to pay coin, lenders feel
more at liberty to demand coin interest, and the
banks and conservative private bankers who hereto-
fore have declined to accept more than seven per
cent, in currency now feel less hesitation about ask-
ing gold rates when the condition of the market
enables them to do so."
In the interest of high cost of interest, in
the interest of protection to capital, the capi-
tal now absorbing all the best interests of this
country, and to destroy them. If I should say
to anybody that it is my deliberate judgment
that this Government has failed in the object
that it was intended by its projectors to secure,
I suppose I should be scouted at. But, sir,
when I compare the situation of this country
to-day with the situation of that country from
whence we sprung I find that not only in capi-
tal, but in general intelligence, in education,
in liberty among the people, they far exceed
the privileges and the power of the people of
this country. They are increasing in a ratio
which is most astounding in education and in
all the refinements of life, as the statistics
show. After the convulsions which racked
this continent, and considering the intimate
relations that subsist between this country and
Great Britain, what was the effect of our war
upon that nation? A simple Fenian commo-
tion ; and that was all. Look at her, command-
ing one fifth of the territory and one fourth of
the population of the globe; her commerce
occupying prosperously and profitably every
sea; her industry permeating and being intro-
duced into every market in the world, standing
strong, able, and powerful everywhere. And
where are we? All we have to help ourselves
in the world is our cotton, which we are about
to lose, and our tobacco, wliich we-shall lose.
My friend from California [Mr. Cple] will
say that we have the produqtion of gold. Sir,
that bears the fortune of cotton and wheat ana
everything else. You find in the gentleman's
own State that the high price of capital and its
