1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
No. 7) to strengthen the public credit will be
considered as read the first and second time ;
and it is before the Senate as in Commiitee
of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment to the
bill, which X send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and to insert:
That the just and ecj.uif.able measure of the obliga-
tion of the United States upon their outstanding
bonds, which were issued and sold as a means of bor-
rowing money, is the value at the time in gold and
silver coin o{ the paper currency advanced and paid
to the Government on those bonds.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to discuss at any length the measure under
'Consideration. I said essentially all that I desire
to say upon the bill when the subject was before
the Senate at the late session. I however pro-
pose the amendment which has just been re-
ported from the Secretary's table.
The measure that is now under consideration
is not a subject of legislation. It is not in the
Mature'Of alaw. It proposesno action. It is
not an enactment at all. It is simply the enun-
ciation of a principle or a sentiment, or of
principles and sentiments. That is one aspect
of the subject. Another aspect of the measure
is that it proposes to give a construction to laws
heretofore passed by Congress in relation to
this subject.
Now, sir, the bonds of the United States
were issued by authority of laws passed by Con-
gress. Those laws were passed some years
since. The measure under consideration does
not propose to modify those laws by the enact-
ment of another law, but it proposes to give
u construction to laws previously enacted and
-under which the bonds referred to wereissued.
In that aspect it seems to me to be outside of
the pale of legitimate legislation. If the laws
•under which these bonds were issued were
defective and needed modification and reform,
and the measure now under consideration was
in the nature of supplemental legislation, I
■could conceive of the seeming propriety of the
measure that is now before the Senate; but
when this measure proposes no enactment
whatever, no supplemental or modified force or
effect to the previous legislation of Congress
that regulated the subject of these bonds, it
seems to me to be simply in the nature of giv-
ing construction to those previous laws ; and in
that respect, in my opinion, it trenches upon
■what are the proper functions of another de-
partment of the Government, the judiciary.
By what authority or by what right does Con-
gress give construction to its previous laws ?
We all admit, and it is every day's practice,
that legislation may be modified by subsequent
acts of Congress; but when the effort is not to
legislate, not to enact a law, but simply to give
construction and interpretation to the meaning
of previous laws, to my mind it seems to be a
palpable departure from the propriety and from
•the power of the Senate and of Congress. It
teems to me to be an invasion of the constitu-
tional and peculiar province of the courts ; and
■in that point of view I think this measure ought
to fall. It ought not to be passed by Congress
because it is not, in fact, in essence, legislation
at all, but is simply the usurpation by Congress
of a judicial function in attempting to give con-
struction and interpretation to the laws to which
it refers.
If it had been presented, not as an enact-
ment, but as a resolution embodying a princi-
ple, embodying a sentiment, and not attempt-
ing to interfere with the construction of the
law which belongs to another department of
the Government, I would have been ready to
admit its legitimacy and its propriety. I think
it ought to have been presented in that form.
It is in substance nothing else than the pre-
sentation of a principle or a sentiment to the
consideration of the Senate, which usually
comes up in the form, not of a law, but of a
resolution, either separate or joint. I there-
fore so treat it; and in the amendment wnich
I offer I propose to give it the form of a reso-
lution, not of a law ; and in the form of a
resolution expressing a principle I propose to
assert that the responsibility of the United
States upon the bonds which now form the sub-
stance of the public debt is, according to equity
and law and reason, simply to pay the value in
gold and silver of the amount of the bonds at
the time they were issued and sold by the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, we all know what the object was in Con-
gress passing laws to authorize the issue of
these bonds. It was simply to borrow money.
It was simply to organize a form of loan by
which money might be borrowed. We all
know, furthermore, that after the first issue of
legal-tender notes, after the laws authorizing
these bonds had passed and the bonds were
offered for sale in the market, they could not
be sold even for legal-tender notes at the rate
of discount in gold at which those legal-tender
notes were then passing. In other words, the
legal-tender notes would not float the bonds
at the then discount of legal-tender notes, and
in order to remedy that difficulty Congress
successively authorized the issue of two large
batches of legal-tender notes in addition.
The desired effect was produced ; the legal-
tender notes were still further depreciated in
the market; and this induced capitalists who
held the legal-tender notes to come forward
and invest them in bonds by advancing the
amount in le^al-tender notes upon the bonds
of the Government. It was then not only a
mere borrowing of money by the Government
of the United States, but it was contemplated
and intended at the time that the money bor-
rowed should not be gold and silver coin, be-
cause it was impracticable then to borrow
money in coin within the United States, unless
at a very heavy discount, on the bonds of the
United States. The object was to avoid a heavy
discount seemingly in the sale of the bonds by
requiring them to be sold either for gold or
silver, or to be sold for legal-tender notes until
those legal-tender notes had been depreciated
largely by two successive issues of additional
legal-lender notes.
The operation, then, was simply the bor-
rowing of so much money from the individuals
who purchased the bonds, not in gold and sil-
ver, but in depreciated paper currency called
legal-tender notes. The proposition embodied
by my amendment is that upon such a transac-
tion as that the Government is not bound by
any principles of equity or law to respond in
the nominal amount of the bonds by the pay-
ment of that nominal amount in gold and sil-
ver: that everything which equity and justice
would require the United States to pay and
! Congress to pass laws to authorize to be paid
| would be simply the value in gold and silver
of the depreciated paper currency which was
loaned to the United States by <he bondhold-
ers at the time tlie loan was made. That is a
position so just that no man, I think, can suc-
cessfully controvert it.
I propose to apply to this subject, as between
the bondholders and the Government, precisely
the same rules of law and equity that would be
applied by every court of chancery in the world
j to individualsin relation to similar transactions,
t Suppose, now, one of our merchant princes—
j Mr. Stewart—had borrowed §100,000,000 from
| the Kothschilds, and had executed his note to
| that firm fur §100,000,000, and the money that
| 'lie received upon this loaning and borrowing
i instead of being in gold and silver was in green-
backs, precisely the same medium and the
[ same depreciated paper which the Government
I received from the men to whom it sold its bonds;
! and upon the falling due of the note or bond
j which Stewart had executed for $100,000.000,
| payable merely by the word ''dollars,'' with-
j ont any expression whatever that the debt was
i to be paid in currency, Stewart should not
| make payment of the money, what would fol-
I low? Suppose, the Rothschilds sued him in
■ any court of the United States. Federal or
State, and obtained judgment for the nominal
amount of $100,000,000, it would be the right
of Stewart to go into a court of chancery and
there investigate and litigate the transaction
out of which this bond originated ; and upon
its appearing by proof or by the admissions
of the Rothschilds that the transaction was
simply a loaning by them of $100,000,000 to
Stewart in legal-tender notes, what would be
the judgment and decree of the chancellor
between those individuals? He would ascer-
tain the value of the legal-tender notes at the
time of their loan in gold and silver, and he
would render a judgment for the amount of
that value. If it was in proof in such a suit
or was admitted by the parties that the legal-
tender notes at the time of the loan were worth
but fifty or sixty cents in the dollar, the chan-
cellor would give his judgment and decree in
favor of the obligee in the bond for the fifty or
sixty million dollars only, and that would be
a full and complete satisfaction and discharge
of the obligation of Stewart.
Sir, that is the universal principle of law that
controls the action of all equity courts between
individuals. Wherever one man borrows from
another money, not gold and silver coin, but
paper, and that paper is at a depreciation at
the time of the loan, although he may execute
his note payable in dollars and may recite in
addition that the payment shall be in gold and
silver dollars, that would notenable the parties
to evade the laws of usury. The paper would
be as much subject to the laws of usury and to
the judgment which the chancellor universally
propounds in all cases of usury as though the
bond had expressed upon its face that the con-
sideration was $100,000, it" you please, in legal-
tender notes, and there was recited an obligation
to return the money in dollars of gold and silver
coin. The fact that the paper was expressive
in one case of the transaction and detailed ex-
actly and correctly how it had taken place, and
in the other transaction concealed these facts
and expressed simply an obligation to pay so
many dollars or so many dollars in gold and
silver coin, would make no difference in a court
of chancery as to the judgments that would be
rendered in the two cases.
Now, sir, the universal rule of equity and
law that would regulate and control the judg-
ment of a chancellor in every case between
individuals cannot be a wrong or an unjust rule
when it is attempted to be applied to a trans-
action of the same character between the Gov-
ernment. and an individual. What entitles
bondholders who have loaned money to the
Government to a judgment for a larger amount
than would be accorded to an individual who
had loaned money of precisely the same char-
acter to another individual? Ought not the
same common and universal rule of right and
equity to regulate and control the rights of the
creditor in both eases, whether the debtor be
the Government or an individual ?
Here, sir, is a simple loaning by the individ-
ual and borrowing by the Government, not of
gold anu silver coin, but of depreciated paper.
1 maintain that the creditor gets all that is
equitably and legally due him when he gets the
value of the paper commodity which he pays
to the Government in gold and silver, and that
Oongress ought to adopt the rule which a chan-
cellor would adopt in giving judgment between
bondholders and the Government. If it was
legal for the Government to be sued by its
creditors, as it might be made so, and this sub-
ject of the amount which the bondholders are
entitled to have upon their bonds was pending
in any enlightened court in the United States,
in the Supreme Court or in any other court,
and in that litigation it was made to appear
that the bondholders had advanced and lent
money, not gold and silver, but depreciated
paper to the Government, and that that paper
at the time it was advanced by the bondholder
to the Government was worth bat fifty _ or
sixty ccnts in the dollar, no court in America
would give against the Government a judgment
for any greater amount than fifty or sixty cents
in the dollar. Can that just and equitable rule
that pervades universally every court in Great.
Britain and in the United States, and which is
the law of reason and justice between the
parties to such a contract, be condemned if
