m
THE CONGKESSIOHAL GLOBE.
March 15,
Congress in regnlating these bonds and the
liability of the Government upon them should
adopt that as the measur.e of responsibility of
the Government of the United States? Cer-
tainly not.
What does this measure propose? To guar-
anty to give a pledge on the part of the Con-
gress) of the United States that the bonds shall
not now be paid, but that when they are paid
they shall be paid in gold and silver for the
nominal amount of the bonds ; and paying the
nominal amount instead of the real amount, as
I showed when I made my remarks on this sub-
ject before, makes a difference in the interest-
be&ring bonds of the United States of upward
of seven hundred million dollars—about seven
hundred and fifty million dollars. The usuiy
that has already been paid upon the bonds by
paying six per cent, in gold on the nominal
amount adds still further to this sum, Swelling
it to about nine hundred and seventy or nine
hundred and eighty million dollars.
What, then, is the question that is presented
to Congress? The bonds show an aggregate
amount of $2,100,000,000. These bonds were
simply issued upon the receipt of the amount
in a depreciated currency in legal-tender notes.
Ascertain the value of the legal-tender notes
loaned to the Government when the bonds
were issued and sold and it makes a difference
in the aggregate nominal amount of the bonds
and of their value in gold and silver of upward
of nine hundred million dollars. When you
include in that aggregate the usury that has
been paid in the six per cent, interest upon the
nominal amount of the bonds the difference in
the amount of the bonds, without regard to
this usury, is about seven hundred and fifty
million dollars. What does this resolution pro-
pose ? To guaranty, to pledge to the bond-
holders the sum of $750,000,000 of principal,
and one hundred and odd million dollars that
have been discharged by the payment of usuri-
ous interest beyond the value of the bonds in
gold and silver at the time they were created
by the loan of this spurious and depreciated \
paper to the Government. !
Is it just and fair legislation to the people of
the United States to pass such a measure ? I
concede that the proposition is not practical, that
it does not propose to do anything at the pres- <
ent; but it simply proposes to pledge, togivean- j
other guarantee of the faith of the Government !
for the payment of these bonds to their full ;
nominal amount. Why is this measure pressed ? !
If this Congress passes it, whenever another i
Congress is elected that is willing and disposed
to do right and equity between the Govern-
ment and the bondholders according to the
universal rule that would guide a chancellor in
his judgment in such a case between individ-
uals or between the Government and individ-
uals, all that that Congress will have to do will
be to repeal and to repudiate the bill which
this Congress may now pass, and such repudia-
tion will be had. It is robbery, it is iniquity
for this Congress to make the people of the
United States pay $900,000,000 more than by
equity and law they are bound to pay.
If the honorable Senator from Ohio, the able
and accomplished chairman of the Committee
on Finance, had my bond for $100,000, due and
payable twelve months after date, and he was
to institute a suit againstmein anycourtupon
that bond, and I should litigate the case and
by his admission or by proof it should appear
that the transaction was a loaning by him to me
of $100,000 in legal-tender notes, and I should
prove that those notes at the time of the loan
were worth but fifty or sixty cents in the dollar,
the only judgment he could obtain against me
would be for the fifty or sixty thousand dollars
with interest upon it. Would that be any in-
justice to him? Would he not get the full
value of the commodity that he had parted with
tome? That would be the judgment which
every chancellor in Christendom would render
in the case. My honorable friend knows, every
lawyer knows, that that would be the rule of
equity and justice which every chancellor in
Christendom would apply as between individ-
uals. This universal rule of equity find jflstice
and reason that controls the transactions of all
individuals and that is made the criterion of
the liability of individuals in every transaction
ought to be applied to similar transactions
between the Government and individuals. It
cannot be repudiated. It is as just between the
Government and the bondholder as it would
be between citizen and citizen, and it is the
universally accepted law of equity and right
and reason that the civilized world has adopted
in all such transactions.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator if the case would be altered if you
took into consideration the fact that the legal
tenders which had been given to the Senator
from Ohio for his bond had been issued by the
Senator from Kentucky for commodities sold
by him ?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; it would not change
the matter at all; and I can bring hundreds of
cases to prove that the principle of usury which
directs the debt to be scaled when there has
been a borrowing and a lending applies as well
to the purchase of property as to the purchase
of a paper currency. The principle is uni-
formly established and adjudged everywhere,
in every court, that wherever the contract is
substantially a borrowing of money no terms
in which the obligation can be drafted, no
device to avoid usury and the subjection of the
contract to the laws of usury can succeed; that
where a spurious paper, that is, a depreciated
paper that is worth less than par in gold and
silver, is made in whole the consideration of a
bond, or where property and that sort of paper
in part is made the consideration of a bond
calling for the payment of a nominal amount
in dollars, the transaction will be examined
into, eliminated by the chancellor, and where
this spurious currency has been to the whole
extent or partially the consideration upon which
the bond has been executed the court will as-
certain the amount of usury in the transaction
by learning what amount of the depreciated
paper has entered into the consideration and
what that depreciated paper was worth in gold
and silver at the time; and the difference be-
tween the nominal amount of the depreciated
paper and its gold and silver value is the meas-
ure of usury that all courts will find in the
transaction and against which it would give
relief. That is the plain law. Every judge,
every lawyer that has any reading and any
practice knows that that is the plain law that
would regulate all cases of loaning and borrow-
ing formally or substantially.
Now, sir, I make the question to the Sen-
ate, why do you propose to depart from this
universal rule of law and equity in all the
transactions of individuals, and impose a differ-
ent law upon the people of the United States
and the Government of the United States,
which charges them with an additional sum of
$900,000,000 in gold and silver, from the pay-
ment of which individuals would unhesitatingly
be excepted in the judgment of every chan-
cellor.
Mr. President, I did not intend to make as
many observations on this subject as I have.
I merely wanted to put by my amendment
this question distinctly before the Senate and
the country. I wanted the people to know
that the consideration which they had received
upon these bonds was in a transaction of the
Government borrowing money ; that the Gov-
ernment did not borrow money when it sold
its bonds, but it borrowed greenbacks. These
greenbacks were greatly depreciated. When
some of the issues were made they were worth
only forty cents in the dollar; when others
were made they were fifty cents, and others
sixty cents in value. I wanted to present to
the people distinctly that they had received in
gold and silver value for the $2,100,000,000 of
bonds only a fraction above $1,200,000,000,
according to the gold and silver par, and that
by all the laws that regulate courts of chancery
tad every transaction between individuals of a
similar character the obligor in such bonds, as
between individuals, would be held only re-
sponsible for the gold and silver value ol die
paper at the time he borrowed it, and that thu
Government and the people of the United
States ought not to be made responsible by :t
different law ; that it was justice and equity
that they as well as individuals should be bound
only for the gold and silver value of the paper
they had received upon the loan, and that
Congress in pledging the Government to pay
the nominal amount of the bonds was about to
pledge the people of the United States to pay
more than nine hundred million dollars above
what by law and equity and the universal rule
they ought to be held responsible for.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States by
Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
finish this bill.
Mr. WILSON. If Senators think they can
get a vote on this bill I will not press the
motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope so.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be added as a proviso :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
considered as binding the Government to purchase
coin to pay the bonds of the Government not ex-
pressly provided by law to be paid in coin, it thejre
shall notbeeoinoritsequivalentintbeTreasury with
which to discharge the said obligations.
I do not design to detain the Senate on this
amendment, as I desire to abbreviate the ses-
sion as much as possible, which I hope is the
desire of the Senate generally. This bill pro-
vides apledge of the Governmentfor the pay-
ment in coin of all the interest-bearing obli-
gations of the Government. It also provides
that the payment of these bonds shall not be
anticipated unless the Government has suf-
ficient coin, or the currency of the country be
convertible into coin ; but it makes no pro-
vision for the payment after the bonds become
due. Now, 1 desire to test the sense of the
Senate whether, if when these bonds fall due
specie payments shall not be resumed and
there shall not be com in the Treasury to pay
the bonds, it is the intention of the Senate to
purchase coin to discharge these obligations.
If that is the design of the Senate I desire it
to be said so upon this amendment, if the
Senate do not by this pledge mean to pur-
chase coin for the payment of the bonds after
they fall due, in the event of specie payments
not having been resumed at the time, then 1
wish the Senate to say whether they intend to
purchase this coin or whether they intend to
pay in ttie currency of the country. That is
the object I have in view in offering the amend-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
It was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nayb
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYAUD. .Mr. President, this I under-
stand is a House bill in the same terms to a
certain extent as the Senate bill which was
under discussion in this body last week, lint
now Sennre bill No. 50, which we had under
consideration last week, has been shorn of one
half of its title, and of one half or more than
one half its substancc. The title of this bill now
reads '' a bill to strengthen the public credit."
Its title so far. is a challenge to American re-
spect. But do the object and effect of the hill
upon examination bear out the high sonnding
phrases of its title? I apprehend not. la this
bill to have the effect " to strengthen the public
