TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 15,
British empire; in other words, that if the
Eeopl'e of England were taxed to pay this
eavy debt the people of England received
the benefit. So, if our country is to be taxed
to pay this debt, and to be taxed to pay the
interest upon it, let us at least, if it can be so
arranged, see to it that our own people shall
get the benefit of the great sacrifices which
will be necessary to be undergone by the
American people in order to meet this debt in
any proper and reputable shape. Therefore,
sir, while I am not and never propose to be
interested in puffing thepriceof United States
bonds for the purpose of creating a foreign
demand and creating a still greater outflow of
gold into foreign countries from the hard-wrung
toil and labor of my countrymen, for that
reason, if for no other, should I withhold my
assent to this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to state very
briefly the reasons why I shall vote against this
bill. The bill recites as reasons for its enact-
ment that it is designed to remove any doubt
as to the purpose of the Government to dis-
charge all just obligations to public creditors
and to settle conflicting interpretations of the
laws by virtue o'f which the obligations of the
Government have been cieated. The bill then
declares that the faith of the United States is
solemnly pledged to the payment of its debts
in coin, except where the laws under which the
obligations were issued have expressly provided
otherwise.
In the first place I am unwilling to admit
that there has ever been a doubt as to this Gov-
ernment discharging its just obligations, un-
willing to admit or seem to admit that it is
necessary for Congress by solemn act to declare
thatthe people of the United States are honest.
I believe that by a fair construction of the acts
under which these bonds were issued, read in
the light of the circumstances attending the ne-
gotiation and sale of thebonds, the public faith
of the Government is as firmly pledged asitever
can be to the payment of these bonds in coiu.
The passage of this act may provoke a future
Congress to attempt its repeal, and such repeal,
merely leaving the law as to the bonds where
itstands at present, would harm our credit more
than the passage of this bill would help it.
Again, if we resume specie payments before
the maturity of these bonds, as I trust we shall,
the difficulty settles itself.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roil
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to say that ray col-
league [Mr. BcckiXGHAM] is confined to his
room by illness. Had he been here he would
have voted yea.
The result was announced—yeas 42, nays 13;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. An thony.Boreman, Brown-
low, Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Conk.ing, Corbett,
Cragiu, Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, i'essenden,
Gilbert, (Crimes, Han is, Howard, Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Morrill. ftyc, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Robertson, Sawyer, Sehurz, Seott, Sherman, 2>tew:u t,
Sumner, Thayer, Tipton. IVumbuii, Warner, Wiiley,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—42.
ISfAifS—-Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Davis, Morton, Osborn, liice, Hoss, Spencer, Stock-
ton, Thurman, and Viekers—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Fowler, Hamlin,
Harlan, Howe, McCreery, Norton, Porneroy, Sauls-
bury, and. Sprague—10.
So the bill was passed.
house bill kefehbed.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 6) for the
protection of the interests of the Dnited States
m the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on. the Pacific
Railroad.
order of business.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 24, with a view to leave it as the un-
finished business. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that I desire the passage of this bill, but
the bill for the partial redistribution of the
banking circulation, I think, ought to be passed
at once. I should like to have it passed by the
Senate to-morrow, so that it can be aeted upon
the next day in the House of Representatives.
The Senator's bill is the unfinished business
of the morning hour and can be disposed of
probably during the morning hour to-morrow.
I trust the Senator from Iowa will let his bill
go over until the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. I think if I can get a con-
tinuous hour I shall be able to secure the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the Senator take
to-morrow's morning hour, and if the bill is
not concluded at the expiration of it I will con-
sent to let the other bill be suspended for a
shorttime.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw my motion with
that understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
bill (S. No. 43) supplementary to the act enti-
tled "An act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3, 1864.
Mr. GRIMES. With the understanding
stated I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will let the Senator
finish his bill to morrow.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Sherman, it was declared not to be agreed to;
and a division was called for.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Senators did not
understand the question.
Mr. MORTON. I hope this bill will not be
taken up now in antagonism to the bill for the
purpose of repealing the tenure-of-offiee act,
reported back this morning by the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary. There are
many considerations why that bill should now
be considered. It has been put off and baffled
from time to time; and if it is in order I will
move to amend the motion by substituting the
bill for the repeal of the tenure-of-offiee act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would re-
quire unanimous consent, as that bill was
reported back to-day and has not yet lain over
one day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate is dividing.
I think we had better have the division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can have a division
when we get through discussing the propriety
of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is debatable
within the range allowed by the eleventh rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not propose to
debate it; I rose merely to say that it was my
intention to call up the tenure-of-offiee bill to-
morrow, when it can be taken up in order. It
is not in order to-day except by unanimous
consent. If the bill proposed by the Senator
from Ohio is now taken up I hope it will not
be permitted to run into to-morrow, as I wish
to have the tenure-of-office question disposed
of to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDJEN. I beg leave to suggest
to gentlemen that we have an understanding
with regard to certain bills that they shall be
considered, and there will be time in which to
attend to all of them, aud I really hope the time
of the Senate will not be wasted in disputing
about which shall come up first. If we take up
one after the other there will be no difficulty.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us first take up this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts is not debat-
able. The question is on that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator to
withdraw that motion until something agreed
upon shall be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better take
a start to-morrow morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let this matter go over
until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate was just
dividing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts insist on bis motion
or withdraw it ?
Mr. SUMNER. I insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion > 
not debatable. The question is on proceeding
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 15, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayei
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
MEMBERS SWOBS IX.
The following, members appeared and were
sworn in : George W, Morganr of Qhioj
Aaron F. Stevens, Jacob H. Ela, and Jacob
Bextok, of New Hampshire.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions to be referred to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by motions to reconsider. During this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
tentorial Legislatures are m order.
NATIONAL BANKIN6.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
8) providing for a free system of national bank-
ing ; which was read a first and seeond time,
referred to the Commutes on Banking and
Currency when appointed, and ordered to be
printed.
STATUTES OP THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 9) extending the time for revising aud
consolidating the statutes of the United Statesf
which was read a first aud second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Revision of Laws
of the United States, when appointed, and
ordered to be printed,
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 10) to amend the judicial system of the
United States : which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary when appointed, ami ordered to be
printed.
TESTIMONY or ACCUSED PERSONS,
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 11) allowing the defendant in criminal
cases to testify ; which was read a first and see-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary when appointed, and ordered to lie
printed.
ownership of stea3ib0at3 and vessels.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a joint reso-
lution (II. R. No. 4) relating to steamboats
and other vessels owned in the loyal States ;
which was referred to the Committee on Revis-
ion of Laws of the United States when ap-
pointed, and ordered to be printed.
ADJUTANT GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 5) concerning
vacancies in the Adjutant General's depart-
ment; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs when appointed.
NEW YORK, ETC., TELEGRAPH COJtPASY.
Mr. BxlNKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
12) authorizing the New York, Newfoundland,
and Loudon Telegraph Company to land its
submarine cable upon the shores of the United
States ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce when appuiuted,and ordered to
be printed.
CHIEF VETERINARY SURGEON.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a bill (H. It.
No. 13) to create the office of chief veterinary
surgeon of the United States Army ; which
