1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Ronds when appointed.
Mr. FiTCH also introduced a bill (H. E.
No. 118) to establish a mail route between
Wadsworth and Ellsworth, Nevada; which was
read a lirst and second time, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads when appointed.
Mr. FITCH also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 110) to establish a mail route between
Hamilton and Grant district, via Troy, Ne-
vada ; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads when ap-
pointed.
BOUNDARIES OF NEVADA.
Mr. FITCH also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 120) to extend the boundaries of the State
of Nevada; which was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories when appointed, and
to be printed.
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. FITCH also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 121) to regulate proceedings for the natu-
ralization of aliens; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary when appointed,
and to be printed.
EXTENSION OF MORNING IIOUR.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The morning hour is about
to expire, and there is still much business to
be done. I ask that the morning hour be ex-
tended for thirty minutes.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
SCHOOL LANDS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. TAFFB introduced a bill (H. R. No.
122) to repeal an act entitled "An act to au-
thorize the selection of school districts in lieu
of the sixteenth section within the twelve-miles-
square reservation in the State of Alabama
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands when appointed.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. It. No. 27) in relation to Indian affairs ;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs when appointed.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
EXTENSION OF MORNING IIOUR.
'Mr. ALLISON. I withdraw my objection
to the extension of the morning hour for thirty
minutes, for which unanimous consent was
asked a few minutes since by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soofield.]
Mr. ING13RSOLL. T renew the objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope thegentleman will
not insist upon his objection.
Mr. INGEBSOLL. Very well; I will with-
draw the objection.
Mr. ARN'ELL. I renew it.
PRINTING OF ELECTION PAPERS.
Mr. PAINE. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following res-
olution for adoption at this time, and on it I call
the previous question:
Mesolved, That all the papers in the cases of con-
tested elections bo punted in whole or in part, at the
discretion of the Committee ofElections.and that said
committee be authorized to employ a clerk during
this Congress at the same compensation which was
allowed him during the last Congress, and to sit
daring the sessions of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. How much was allowed
him during the last Congress?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION'CONTEST—REED VS. JULIAN.
Mr, JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, Tha t in the case of thfi contested election
of John S. lieed vs. Georgo W. Julian thirty days
further time froui this date begranted to both parties.
JUDGE ADVOCATE OF THE ARJIY.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous conseni
to introduce for action at this time a bill to
declare and fix the status of judge advocates of
the Army. It passed both Houses of the last
Congress and was pocketed by the outgoing
President. It is necessary that the bill should
be passed.
Mr. WOOD. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the de-
partment of judge advocate of the Army shall
be fixed at ten members, and authorizes the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to fill all vacancies which have
occurred or may hereafter occur therein.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to re-
ceiving-and considering this bill at this time?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. T hope I may be allowed
to say a word in explanation of this bill. I
think there will then be no objection.
Mr. BURR. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill .cannot be received.
RATIFYING AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTION
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution providing the man-
ner of ratifying the constitutional amendments
of the United States by the several States.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 call for the reading of
the joint resolution.
The. SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, after which there will be an oppor-
tunity to object to its introduction.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that on the sixth "legislative day of a
regular session, or of a legally called special
session of any State Legislature, each house
of said Legislature, at the hour of twelve m.,
shall proceed to the consideration of any amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
that may have been submitted by the Congress
of th^ United States to the Legislatures of the
several States for ratification, according to the
provisions of the fifth article of the Constitution
of the United States; provided such amend-
ment may not have been acted upon at any
preceding session of said Legislature. And
if upon the consideration of such amendment
it shall receive the votes of a majority of the
members elected to each house of said Legis-
latuie it is to be held to be duly ratified by
such Legislature, and if final action is not taken
upon the first day, then the houses are to meet
the next day at the same hour, and eo con-
tinue to meet from day to day (Sundays ex-
cepted) until final action is taken upon such
amendment. Nor shall the action of either
house of the Legislature upon such amend-
ment be hindered or prevented by the" resigna-
tion or withdrawal or the refusal to qualify of
a majority of either or both houses of said
Legislature.
Th,e second section provides that if such
amendment or amendments shall be ratified
according to the provisions of the preceding
section the same shall be duly certified by the
officers of each house, and shall be transmitted
by the Governor of the State to the President
of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object. _
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 call for the regular
order.
COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following standing and select commit-
tees for the Forty-First Congress :
Committee of Ways and Means.
Robert C. Scheucli Ohio.
Samuel Hooper Massachusetts.
William B. Allison Iowa.
Horace Maynard ....Tennessee.
"William D. Kelley .- Pennsylvania.
James Brooks New York.
Godlove S. Orth Indiana.
Dennis McCarthy New York.
Samuel S. Marshall Illinois.
Committee on Appropriations.
Henry L. Dawes Massachusetts.
Fernando C. Beaman Michigan.
William H. Kelsey ...New York.
Cadwalader C. Washburn. ...Wisconsin.
William Lawrence Ohio.
Aaron A. Sargent California.
Oliver J. - Dickey   Pennsylvania.
William E. Niblaek Indiana.
James B. Beck Kentucky.
Committee on Banking and Currency,
James A. Garfield Ohio.
John Lynch Maine.
Norman B. Judd Illinois.
John Coburn Indiana.
Worthington C. Smith Vermont.
John B. Packer Pennsylvania.
Israel G. Lash North Carolina.
Samuel S. Cox New York.
Thomas L. Jones Kentucky.
Committee on Reconstruction.
Benjamin F. Butler Massachusetts.
John F. Farnsworth Illinois.
Fernando C. Beaman Michii an.
Halbert E. Paine Wisco isin.
Hamilton Ward „New"Sork.
George W. Julian Tndiank.
Luke P. Poland Vermont.
B. F. Whittemore South Carolina.
James B. Beck Kentuckj'.
Fernando Wood New York.
George W. Woodward Pennsylvania.
George W. Morgan Ohio.
Select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service of the Government.
Giles W. Hotchkiss New York.
Thomas A. Jenckes Rhode Island,
William II. Armstrong Pennsylvania.
Horace Maynard Tennessee.
Michael C. Kerr Indiana.
Select Committee on Ninth, Census.
William B. Stokes Tennessee.
James A. Garfield Ohio.
Nathaniel P. Banks Massachusetts.
William B. Allison Iowa.
Addison H. Laflin New York.
Shelby M. Cullom  Illinois.
Morton S. Wilkinson Minnesota.
Richard J. Haldeman Pennsylvania.
John G. Schumaker New York.
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
William A. Wheeler New York.
John A. Logan Illinois.
Daniel J. Morrell Pennsylvania.
Robert T. Van Horn Missouri.
Benjamin F. Hopkins Wisconsin.
James Buffinton Massachusetts.
John Lynch .....Maine.
Frank W. Palmer Iowa.
Logan H. Roots Arkansas.
Plnladelph Van Trump Ohio.
Daniel W. Voorhees Indiana.
Samuel B. Axtell California.
Eugene M. Wilson Minnesota.
Committee of Claims.
William B. Washburn Massachusetts.
Giles W. Hotchkiss New York.
William S. Holman Indiana.
Amasa Cobb Wisconsin.
William B. Stokes Tennessee.
Jacob M. Ela New Hampshire.
Oliver II. Dockery North Carolina.
Jesse H.Moore Illinois.
John D. Stiles ....Pennsylvania.
Committee Commerce.
Nathan F. Dixon Rhode Island.
Charles O'Neill Pennsylvania.
Ebon C. Ingersoll Illinois,
