1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
and reporting a bill or bills defining the num-
ber, duties, and compensation of the employ6s
of the Senate and House of .Representatives.
RATIFYING AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTION.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution providing the man-
ner of ratifying the constitutional amendments
of the United States by the several States.
Objection was made.
Mr. SHANKS moved to suspend the rules.
The motion was disagreed to.
NICKIvL-COPPB.'l COIN'AGS.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures House bill N o. 2, for
the coinage of nickel-copper pieces of five cents
and under.
Mr. POTTER. I object.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. It occurs to me that bill
should go to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KSLLEY. It was regularly referred
to the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures, arid I am instructed to report it back
with a single amendment. The last House
passed it, but the Senate could not act on it for
want of time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 86,
noes 39.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended.
The first section of the bill provides that from
and after the 1st day of June, or sooner if
practicable, there shall be coined at the Mint
of the United States, and such of its branches
as the Director of the Mint, with the approba-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, may pre-
scribe, the following pieces, to be composed
of copper and nickel in the proportions of not
less than twenty-five per cent, nor more than
thirty-three per cent of nickel, namely, a piece
of one cent to weigh one and one half grams,
or twenty-three and fifteen hundredths grains ;
a piece of three cents to weigh three grams,
and a piece of five cents to weigh five grams,
with such uniform devices as may be fixed by
the Director of the Mint, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury ; and such de-
vices when adopted shall not thereafter be
changed by said officers ; and the present coin-
age of one, two, three, and five-cent pieces,
whether of bronze, nickel, copper, orsilver, and
the issue of Tieasury notes of ten cents, shall
thereupon cease.
The second section provides that in adjusting
the weight of the coins provided by this act
there shall be no greater deviation allowed
than three grains for the cent piece and four
grains for other pieces. And the materials
for the said coins shall be purchased by the
Director of the Mint in like manner as other
materials for the use of the Mint are pur-
chased ; and in the purchase of the said mate-
rials the preference shall be given to domestic
production if at a cost not exceeding twenty
per cent, more than the foreign material. In
manufacturing the coins and accounting for
the same, and for materials used, the same
duties and responsibilities shall devolve upon
the respective officers of the Mint as are now
required by law.
The third section provides that the same
legal penalties as are provided by act^of May
16, 1866, in relation to the coinage of five-
cent pieces, shall be in force for counterfeiting
any of the coins provided for by this act, or
knowingly issuing or passing such counterfeit
coins.
The fourth section provides that any of the
coins provided for by this act shall be a legal
tender, except for duties on imports, to the
amount of one dollar in any one payment,
and no more.
The fifth section provides that the treasurer
of the Mint (or branch Mint) shall keep and
render an account of the profits arising from
the coinage provided for by this fict, is to
say: the difference between the cost of the
metal, the neeessary labor and machinery, with
the .expenses-of distribution of the coins on
41st Cong. 1st Sbss.—-No. 6.
the one hand and the amount received for such
coins on the other ; and these profits shall from
time to time be paid into the Treasury of the
United States.
The sixth section provides that the coins
provided by this act shall be procured and dis-
tributed in like manner as is now provided hv
law in reg'ard to pieces of bronze or nickel-
copper.
The seventh section provides that it may be
lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
deem. under such regulations as he may deem
proper, the one and two cent coins heretofore
issued with any of the coins authorized to be
issued by this act.
The eighth and final section provides that it
shall be lawful for the Treasurer and the seve-
ral Assistant Treasurers of the United States to
redeem in sums not less than fifty dollars in
United States notes, under such rules and reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by ilie Secretary
of the Treasury, the coins herein authorized
to be issued, and also the one, two, three, and
five-cent coins heretofore issued by the Uuited
States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
the previous question is ordered I desire to
ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania one or
two questions, and to submit an amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. Before I yield for that pur-
pose I desire to offer an amendment which the
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures have instructed me to offer. I move to
amend section two by striking out in lines seven,
eight, and nine, the words "and in the pur-
chase of the said materials the preference shall
be given to domestic production if at a cost
not exceeding twenty per cent, more than the
foreign material" and inserting " andso that
the section will read :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That in adjusting
the weight of the coins provided by this act there
shall be no greater deviation allowed than three
grains for the cent piece and four grains for other
pieces. And the matei ials for the said coins shall bo
purchased by tho Director of the Mint m like man-
ner as other materials lor the use of the Mint are
purchased. And in manufacturing the coins and
accounting for the same, and for materials need, the
same duties and responsib..ities shall devolve upon
the re^peotiveofficers of the Mint as are now required
by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will yield to me I will now indicate
my amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I will yield to allow the
gentleman to indicate his amendment, but I
am not authorized to accept it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
the difficulty that I see in this bill: it will
require the purchase of many thousand dol-
lars' worth of a metal which has at present no
fixed value in the market. In the purchase
of gold and silver for coinage they have a
fixed value in the market, and no man can err
much without subjecting himself to a charge
of corruption. But this bill puts it into the
power of the Director of the Mint to purchase
hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of
nickel at any price he pleases The amend-
ment I propose is that all purchases of mate-
rial shall be made by public advertisement,
the contract to be given to the lowest bidder
therefor. Does the gentleman accept the
amendment?
Mr. KELLEY. Representing the commit-
tee as I do I am not authorized to accept that
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to offer it?
Mr. KELLEY. I hjive no objection to the
amendment being offered and submitted to the
House, but I ^m not authorized to accept it.
Mr- B, (JTLFjB, of Massachusetts. I do not
ask you to accept it. I only ask permission
to offer it. I will reduce the amendment to
writing.
Mr. DICKEY. I would ask what the regu-
lation is in reference to the purchase of mate-
rials ? Is not this precisely the same way
materials are now purchased ?■
Mr. KELLEY. I was about to answer the
gentleman from Massachusetts and say that
this bill requires the purchase of materials for
this coinage precisely as all other materials are
purchased for the Mint. Instead of attempt-
ing to establish a system of regulations, the
committee of the last Congress and the Com-
mittee on Coinage of this Congress agreed
that experience had probabiy suggested a good
method of securing materials tor coinage. As
to the gentleman's suggestion that it will re-
quire the purchase of a large quantity of a
metal that has no market value 
ilr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no;
I said no fixed value.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, fixed value. Jt has
as fixed a market value as any metal known.
It is manufactured in England, Prance, Bel-
gium, and the United States. It is known to
the commerce of the world, and has its market
value determined by published reports of sales
as well as flour or cotton or iron or copper.
The point is not one in which I fee! a special
interest, but it was due that this much should
be said.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I see it is provided by the
filth section of the bill " (hat the treasurer of
the Mint (or branch mint) shall keep and ren-
der an account of the profits arising from the
coinage provided for by this act," &c. Not
knowing anything about this subject specially
1 would like to have the gentleman explain
what that means and whether the object of it is
to prevent the uian having control of the Mint
from making money out of it himself? I do
not understand it, and I ask the question for
information.
Mr. KELLEY. It is in order that the Mint
shall keep a distinct and separate account of
profit from this coinage, as has been the habit
in regard to the other coinage. It may surprise
gentlemen somewhat to know that the profits
at, the United States Mint at Philadelphia last
year from base coinage was Sl,iS()0,00(X
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to ask my colleague
[Mr. Kelley] if the coinage of these base coins
did not yield a profit sufficient to defray the
entire expenses of all the mints in the country ?
Mr. KELLEY. If gentlemen will give me
time to make my statement I will answer all
the questions that have yet been put to me.
The pi ofits on the total coinage at the Phila-
delphia Mint last year paid the expenses of all
the mints in the country and left a balance for
the Treasury. You have two kinds of coinage,
requiring separate alloys, separate melting, and
separate general arrangements. For five and
three cent pieces you have copper and nickel
in the proportion of twenty-five parts of nickel
and seventy-five parts of copper. For one-cent
pieces you have copper and nickel in the pro-
portions of eighty-eight parts of copper and
twelve parts of nickel. For two cent pieees
you have copper and tin; and zinc in the pro-
portions of ninety-five parts of copper and five
parts of tin and zinc. Had science prevailed
over the management of your Mint you would
never have had tin and zinc admitted as an
alloy. Neither of them will work in conjunc-
tion with gold and silver; both of them when
in a state of fusion are natural enemies of gold.
And consequently when you turn to gold coin-
age, after having been engaged in using tin
and zinc, you must not only have your rooms
cleaned with ordinary care, but you must have
them scrubbed, because the lead and tin and
zinc may send your gold off in fumes if they
get mixed in sufficient quantities.
Notwithstanding you have two distinct kinds
and three distinct measures of alloys, eighty-
eight parts of copper and twelve parts of nickel
for your pennies, seventy-five parts of copper
and twenty-five parts of nickel for your three
and five-cent pieees, and copper and tin and
sine for vour two-eent pieces, you still cleared
from vour base coinage of last year a profit of
$1,800,00©.
This bill proposes to give you three beauti-
ful coins, one for one-cent pieces, one for
three cent pieees,-and one forfive-oent pieces,
a® substitutes for fourteen different represent-
