1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
nickel, which the law allows, one hundred will
cost seventy-four cents in metal; if they are
made of thirty-three per cent, nickel one hun-
dred will cost eighty-eight cents in metal.
Mr. MAYNARD. I see by one of the pro-
visions of this bill that the issue of Treasury
notes of ten cents is to cease. It seems to me
as long as we have these base coins it would
be well to allow the ten-cent paper currency
to circulate, because a ten-cent note is much
more convenient than two five-cent pieces. I
see no injury that would result from continu-
ing the present paper curiency in circulation.
Mr. KELLEY. I will answer the gentle-
man by saying that this suggestion was made
by the Secretary of the Treasury and was ap-
proved by the Treasurer of the United States
and by the Director of the Mint. This bill
passed the examination of all these parties,
and was sent to us with a letter commending
it. I think the gentleman had better permit
us, as we have got rid of the three-cent and
live-cent notes, to get rid also of the ten-cent
notes, so that we shall have nothing below the
twenty-five-cent notes in circulation.
Mr. MAYNARD. In that case I would sug-
gest whether it would not be wiser to have your
len-cent coin made of metal of more intrinsic
value, so as to be able to reduce the size.
Mr. KELLEY. That opens a wide field for
discussion, which was thoroughly examined by
the committee, and it was found to be the ex-
perience of nations that debased silver coinage
never was successful, that it ceases to be coin-
age of commercial value.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that, though this is a small matter in one
point of view, yet in another it is of very great
consequence.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to ask a ques-
tion. When this bill passed last session there
was a provision in it re juiringthe directors of
the Mint to purchase m°tal of American pro-
duction, provided it did not cost more than
twenty per cent, more than the foreign metal.
Is that provision in this bill ?
Mr. KELLEY. It is not now in the bill.
I would remind the gentleman that the com-
mittee did not report it in the former bill, but
it was put in on the motion of Mr. Pile against
the argument of the committee, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ferriss] on the com-
mittee opposing the amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. The proposition, then, was
not an original proposition on the part of the
committee ?
Mr. KELLEY. No; it was put in by the
House.
Mr. ALLTSON". I understand that this bill
provides that the Director of the Mint shall
purchase this as other materials are purchased.
Mr. KELLEY. Exactly.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, if other materials
are purchased at public levy, then I see 110
necessity for the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts ; but if they are not so pur-
chased it seems to me we ought not to pass this
bill without some provision requiring that the
material shall be purchased of the lowest and
best bidder, taking into account the character
of the bids.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts having so modified his amendmentas
to include the " best" as well as the "lowest"
bidder, I am willing that a vote shall be taken
on his amendment*
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let my
amendment be read as I have modified it.
The Clerk read the amendment, ab modified,
as follows :
Add to the end of section two the following:
Provided, That all material purchased under this
act shall be by public advertisement for contracts at
the price offered by the lowest bidder lor pure metal.
Mr. DICKEY. Say " for the bestmaterial."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No;
"pure metal." If you want pure metal let us
say pure metal.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] yield to allow the
amendment to be offered?
Mr. KELLEY. Not in that phraseology.
Metal may be pure and so brittle that it can-
not be rolled. There is not a man who has
ever worked in metals who does not know that
the purest gold and the purest silver may be so
cast that it will be brittle ; I will not say abso-
lutely the purest, but with any alloy in it. You
cannot work pure nickel without an alloy of
copper. You cannot work it with less than
fifty per cent, of copper in connection with it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the gen-
tleman will allow me I will explain. Let them
buy the pure metal at a given price and then
alloy it in the Mint as much as they like or as
little as they like and then we shall get a
standard. If you .say the "best," then you
refer it to the Director, and he can give the con-
tract to you or me or anybody be likes, inde-
pendent of advertisements. Let him buy the
pure metal and then alloy it.
Mr. KELLEY. If you put in the bill that
he shall buy the pure metal you put in a con-
dition that he cannot comply with.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Cannot
he purchase it?
Mr. KELLEY. No ; because it must be
worked in alloy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
saying a word about working. I am saying
when he purchases let him purchase pure metal
and alloy it as much as he chooses.
Mr. KELLEY. If I am correctly informed
you cannot buy nickel in its purity.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You can
buy of the lowest bidder for a percentage of
the pure metal.
Mr. KELLEY. I therefore ask that the
amendment may be so modified, if it is to be
voted on, as to provide that the Director of the
Mint may take the most valuable or the best
material that is offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
would give it, in my judgment, directly to one
set of works in this country.
Mr. KELLEY. It cannot give it to one
set of works in the country when the market
abounds with English and with French nickel,
and you require the Director of the Mint to
take that which is cheapest and best. I am
working in the interest of no establishment
here. I want to relieve the country of its four-
teen representatives of value under ten cents,
which are disagreeable to the touch, taste, and
smell, and to supply in lieu thereof a token
coinage that will compare in beauty, in purity,
and in intrinsic value with that of the most
enlightened nations of the world, with the
coins of England, France, Belgium, and Swit-
zerland, whose coinage has hitherto been so
far in advance of ours as to make ours dis-
graceful to so refined a nation.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
like to hear the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] again read.
The amendment was read, and was to add
to the hill the following:
Provided. That the material purchased under this
act bhall be by public advertisement for contracts at
the price offered by the lowest bidder for pure metal.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will say
"for the best material" instead of' "for pure
metal" I am willing there shall be a vote of
the House upon his amendment. But I do
not wish to stultify this bill by putting in it a
provision which will render the whole thing
impracticable.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
impracticable to buy pure metal.
Mr. KELLEY. Pure nickel is not an article
known to commerce. T appeal to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes,] who
sits near to me, and who has made these mat-
ters a study, and he will tell the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Buti.er] that he is
trying to buy that which commerce does not
know as a commercial article.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes]
will say that there is no such thing as pure
nickel 1 will give up.
Mr. JENCKES. I will not say that.
Mr. KELLEY. There is such a thing as
pure nickel, but not in the market. I now
yield to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
McCormick.]
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I think it
very necessary and proper that an amendment
similar to the one proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] should be
adopted. I represent probably the largest nickel
interest in the United States, aud I would like
that interest to have an opportunity to be a bid-
der in the market to supply the Government of
the United States with what nickel it may need
in its mints. I do not think there is sucha thing
in commerce as pure nickel. I believe all the
nickel has to be assayed after it goes to the
Mint; and then the assayer must decide what
amount of alloy is ncccssary in order to render
it fit for use.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My amend-
ment only requires the Director of the Mint to
pay the cheapest price for what pure nickel
there is.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I do not
know that I have any objection to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
When we speak of pure nickel we speak of the
best quality of the metal known to commerce.
I think that all the nickel interests of our coun-
try should have an opportunity to bid for sup-
plying the Government with this metal.
Mr. KELLEY. I now call the previous
question.  
Mr. GARFIELD. Before the gentleman
calls the previous question I desire to ask him
a question.
Mr. KELLEY. Yery well.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does this bill propose to
make these coins a legal tender?
Mr. KELLEY. It makes them legal tender
for the sum of one dollar, and redeemable in
sums of not more than fifty dollars at the vari-
ous sub-Treasuries of the United States. Your
base coinage now is not redeemable. Post-
masters, small dealers, railroad companies, &c.,
get these coins now, and are obliged to retain
them until they can dispose of them in their
business operations. This bill proposes to
make these coins redeemable. I now insist upon
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman admit
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bttler] to be voted on?
Mr. KELLEY. Not in the form in which
it is presented.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
hope the previous question will not be seconded.
Mr. KELLEY. I repeat that if the gentle-
amendment the words
of "pure metal" I
man will put
"best material" instead
will allow a vote upon it.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is a motion to adjourn
now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to make that
motion; but before doing so I will yield to the
gentleman from Utah, [Mr. Hooper.] who
desires to introduce some bills for reference.
His Territory was not reached in the call this
morning, and the committees to which he
desires to have his bills referred meet to-mor-
row morning.
reclaiming desert land in utah.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 120) grant-
ing land to aid in the reclamation of desert larrti
in the Territory of Utah ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
cities and towns in new mexico, etc.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also by unanimous
consent introduced a bill (H. R. No. 12<) for
the relief of the inhabitants of cities and towns
in the Territories of New Mexico, Arizona,and
Utah; which was read 0 first and second time,
