1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
mit copies of the foresoing preamble and resolution
to our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
MORGAN BATES,
President of the Senate.
J. J. WOODMAN,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Executive Officj?. Lansing,
March 1,1869.
Approved: HENEY P. BALDWIN.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Joseph Cameron, ordnance sergeant United
States Army, praying that his pay and emolu-
ments be doubled from January 3, 1861, and
that his rank of ordnance sergeant be con-
tinued; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mi. GRIMES presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying such an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States as will
fully recognize the obligations of the Christian
religion ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Thomas W. Price, of Wilcox county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
John H. Stringfellow and R. S. Stringfellow,
of Virginia, praying to be relieved from their
political disabilities ; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. WILLEY. I present a large number
of petitions from citizens of Virginia praying
for the removal of disabilities. These petitions
have been accumulating on my hands since the
beginning of this session. I have retained them
in the hope of some action by the House of
Representatives on the concurrent resolution
of the Senate appointing a joint committee
on this subject. I present them now that they
may go on the table with this remark, that in a
few days for want of action oil the part of Con-
gress on these petitions the State of Viiginia
will be in a condition of the most complete
anarchy. It will be without a judiciary, it will
be without competent men to fill many of the
essential offices in that State, and it is a matter
of sincere regret that I have now to present these
petitions that they may go on the table with no
prospect for timely action to prevent the great
disaster that impends over that ancient Com-
monwealth.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitions will
lie on the table for the present.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of soldiers
and widows of soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed pensions; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Ma-
tilda K. Page and others, praying indemnity
for losses sustained by improvements in the
Kennebec river at Hallowell, Maine; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition of citi-
zens of Louisiana, praying an appropriation
for the removal of obstructions to the naviga-
tion of Bayou Teche ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FEHUY presented the petition of John
Young, piaying an extension of his patent for
improved washing and wringing machines ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
recognizing the obligations of the Christian
religion ; which was referred to the Committee
oti the Juuiciary.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
Philip Stockton, of Galveston, Texas, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of the District of Columbia, praying that the
right of suffrage be granted to women in that
District; which was referred to the Committee
oil the District of Columbia.
Mr. McCREERY presented the petition of
P. L. Richeson, of Lynchburg. Virginia, pray-
ing to be relieved from political disabilities;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of W. Lindsay,
of Frankfort, Kentucky, praying the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Ward B. Burnett, praying compensation for
services rendered and money expjnded in rais-
ing troops for the service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
He also presented the petition of John Hege-
man, praying compensation for the use of his
invention for pontoon bridges by the Army
during the war of the rebellion; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the case of
Lieutenant Washington G. Irwin be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Howe and Gates be
taken from the flies of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, suomitting the report of commissioners
under the Pottawatomie treaty of August 7,1868, to
examincthe claims of said tiibes, bo t.'kcn from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom were referred the
following bills, reported them without amend-
ment :
A bill (S. No. 84) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the case
of the British steamer Labuan ;
A bill (S. No. 85) to carry into effect the two
several decrees of the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Louisiana in the
cases of the British vessels Volant and Science ;
A bill (S. No. 86) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British schooner Flying Scud and her cargo ;
A bill (S. No. 87) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the district of Louisiana in the case of the
British brig Dashing Wave and her cargo ; and
A bill (S. No. 88) to carry into effect the
decree of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of New York in the
case of the English schooner Sibyl and her
cargo.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 82) to pay Charles
Weile for services performed as consul at
Tumbez, Ecuador, reported it without amend-
ment.
COMMANDER C. II. BALDWIN.
Mr. SUMNER. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to report a joint
resolution which was acted on by the Senate
at the last session but was laid on the table
of the Speaker of the other House, with the
recommendation that it pass.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) author-
izing Commander Charles H. Baldwin, United
States Navy, to accept a gold medal from the
King of the Netherlands, was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. SOMNER. Thope the resolution may
be put on its passage now. The Senate has
| already passed it once.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It authorizes Com-
mander Charles H. Baldwin, United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the king
of the Netherlands, tendered him in apprecia-
tion of services rendered to a merchant vessel
of that nation in distress.
The joiat resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
COMMANDER W. A. KIRKLAN0.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee have
directed me to make a similar report with re-
gard to another joint resolution, which I send
to the desk.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 28) author-
izing Commander W. A. Kirkland, United
States Navy, to accept a gold medal from the
emperor of France, was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the action of the Sen-
ate on that also. It has already been voted
once.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a bill which comes
up as unfinished business this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Let this pass. Itwilltake
but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amend ment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
OFFICEHOLDERS IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up for
consideration a joint resolution reported yes-
terday morning from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us get through the
morning business first.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. It will take but a minute,
I think, and this resolution, if it is acted on at
all, must be acted upon this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will hear what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a joint resolution
extending the time thirty days for the removal
of officers who cannot take the test-oath, many
of whom were in ourremoval-of-disability bills
that failed at the last session, and our new bill
cannot pass within the next lew days. It will
take some days to pass it, perhaps a week, and
unless this resolution is passed it will embar-
rass all these parties, whom many of our friends
think ought to be relieved.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. II) re-
specting the provisional governments of Vir-
ginia and Texas, passed at the third session
of the Fortieth Congress. It provides that the
removals from civil office in the provisional
government of Virginia, provided for in the
joint resolution to which this is amendatory,
shall not be made till thirty days from and
after the passage of this joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 133) to incorporate the Washington Gen-
eral Hospital and Asylum of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
134) to aid in the construction of the Inter-
national Pacific railroad from Cairo, Illinois,
to the Rio Grande, to authorize the consoli-
dation of certain i. ^oad companies, and to
provide homesteads r the laborers on their
roads; which was rea twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committer on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 135) making a grant of land to the State
of Minnesota to aid in securing the navigation
of the Mississippi river immediately above the
Falls of Saint Anthony ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
