1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
inspectors of machinery, and staff engineers shall be
paid as now, from the date of their commissions, as
chief engineers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section
[thirteen] twelve, which proposes to abolish the
^radeof third assistant engineer, thefollowing:
But no commission of any officer of that grade who
has been wounded in battle while in service shall be
vacated by the terms of this section; and any such
officer now in said grade shall, notwithstanding the
disability caused by such wound, be entitled to be
examined for promotion, anything in any previous
law to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
amendment of the committee by adding the
following:
Nor shall the commission of any officer of that grade
be vacated who failed to receive the promotion to
which he was entitled by law on account of absence
on sea service, but any such officer shall receive such
promotion if he passes the required examination,
any law to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section [nine-
teen] eighteen, line eight, after the word
"twenty," where it twice occurs in that line,
to insert the word "four;" so that the section
will read:
And be it further enacted. That from and after the
passage of this act the active list of the United States
Marine corps shall consist of the following officers,
non-commissioned officers, musicians,and privates,to
wit: one brigadier general commandant, one colonel,
one lieutenant colonel, three majors, one adjutant
and inspector, one paymaster, one quartermaster,
one assistant quartermaster, fifteen captains, twenty-
tour lit st lieutenants, twenty-tour second lieutenants,
one sergeant mtijoi, one quartermaster sergeant, one
drum major, one principal musician, one hundred
and fifty sergeants, one hundred and fifty corporals,
thirty musicians for band, fifty drummers, fifty titers,
and fifteen hundred privates: Provided, That no
commission of any officer now in the Marine corps
f-hall be vacatcd by this act; but no appointment
shall be made in any of the grades of said corps until
the number of offu-ers in that grade shall have been
induced b^iow the number herein authorized.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Si-.o. 19. And be it furthercnacted. That all acts and
pai is ot acts authorizing the appointment of tempo-
rary acting officers in the Navy shall, on the 1st day
oi November next, be icpealed.
Mr. DRAKE. I move to amend that sec-
tion by striking out the words "shall on the
1st day of November next be " and inserting
the words "are hereby." That was the way,
I believe, it was agreed to in committee; bnt
in drafting the amendment there was a mis-
take made in leaving those words in.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sfc. 20. And be it further enacteo.That any officer
of the Navy below the grade of commander, who,
upon examination for promotion, shall not be found
professionally qualified, shall be suspended from pro-
motion for one year, when he shall be reexamined,
and m case of his failure upon such reexamination
he &li<*,11 be dropped from the service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. -1. Andbe it further cnacted. That officers who
have been promoted in puisuance of the nintu sec-
tion of the act to amend certain acts in i elation to
the Navy, passed March 2, 1867, shall be entitled
to receive fiom the date ot such promotion the same
pay when not on activc duty that they were at the
time of being so promoted entitled to when not on
such duty, under the laws then in force regulating
the pay ot officers on the retired and reserved lists
of the Navy; and tho said ninth section of said net
is hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a
additional section the following:
tfioc. Z'^And be it further cnfctcd. That the students
in the Naval Academy shall hereafter be styled
cadet midshipmen, and they shall be selected and
appointed at- pieseribed in the eighth section of the
act to amend certain acts in relation to the Navy,
passed Maich 2.1867, and s>hall be subject to the laws
applicable to the students at said Academy; but this
bhaU not be construed to authorize the appointment
of cadet midshipmen ft om a m on g boys enlisted in the
Navy. When uidet mid-bi^men shall have passed
successfully the graduating examination at said
Academy they shall receive warrants as midshipmen,
ranking according to merit, and shall within one
year after such graduation be entitled to examina-
tion for promotion, and, successfully passing the
same, may be promoted to the grade of ensign as
vacancies in the number allowed by law in that
grado may occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs
have now been all acted upou.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before thislastamend-
ment is disposed of I wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to the condition of these midshipmen,
as I understand it. after they have graduated
during the first year. If I correctly understand
the law as it now stands the graduating mid-
shipmen take the rank of ensigns after gradu-
ating.
Mr. GRIMES. No j after one year.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. As the law now stands
is it one year? My understanding was that on
graduating they became ensigns. I may be
incorrect.
Mr. GRIMES. According to the construc-
tion that was put upon the law they do not
become ensigns for one year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the law other-
wise, but a different construction, it seems,
has been put upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought so, too ; but that
is not the construction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law seems to read
in that way; but as it is provided in this amend-
ment the graduating midshipmen for one year
continue to rank as midshipmen, and I am told
that on graduating and going into service, as
they do, they are required to provide them-
selves with a uuiform and undergo various
expenses which the pay of midshipmen i3 not
adequate to. Certainly the Government of the
United States should not require of persons in
its service what they are unable to do. Many
of the boys who go to the Naval Academy
have no means whatever except what the Gov-
ernment furnishes them. Some of them have,
and of course they could provide what is needed
out of their private means ; but that would not
be right. I am informed by persons who know
something about the midshipmen who graduate
from the Navul Academy that the expenses
incurred in entering upon the service after
they graduate, and providing uniforms, &c.,
which are required of them, more than con-
sumes the amount of pay that they get. If they
were appointed ensigns, as I supposed the law
was, they would receive some additional com-
pensation. If there is this defect in the law it
ought to be remedied. I have not paid suffi-
cient attention to it to know what tiie proper
remedy would be ; but 1 am sure it is an evil
that should be corrected it it exists, as I have
been informed.
Mr. GRIMES. A midshipman at the Naval
Academy now receives $500 a year, or a cadet
midshipman will receive that amount; when
ordered to sea he will receive S800. I am per-
fectly well satisfied that the Senator from Illi-
nois is correct in the information he has re-
ceived that it is almost impossible for one of
these midshipmen 'to support himself at the
Academy, and to support himself the first year
on ship-board, either on $G00 ashore or $800
afloat. A young officer in the Navy does not
have the advantages that a young officer of the
Arniv has. He is obliged to procure not only
his own uniform, but he is obliged to support
himself; he has no commissary department to
go to ; he has to lay in all the stores, everything
he eats on ship-board except one ration, which
is commuted at thirty cents a day, amounting
to SlOi) a year. But the committee did not
feel warranted in attempting to increase the
pay of anybody in this bill. Our main pur-
pose was to reduce rather the expenses of the
i Navy Department if possible, and we think we
| have been successful to a considerable extent
j in reducing them. I shall feel myself not only
| justified but N-.and on some nth** bill to en-
* ueavor to motease the pay ot young nnd
shipmen, and I think the information of the
Senator is correct about it.
Mr. TRUMBXJLL. If that be so, it seems
to me it would not be objectionable to provide
for it here in this very section.
Mr. GRIMES. I ought to say further that
that subject has not been considered by the
committee, and I would not feel justified in
agreeing to an amendment to increase their
pay without consultation with the committee,
This bill chauges the law in some respects in
regard to midshipmen, although it does not
change their pay. It provides that in the future
they shall be called, while at the Academy in
their state of probation, cadet midshipmen.
The intention is to send them to sea one year
as young officers. When they have have had
two years' sea duty, five years after they have
entered the Academy, they may then become
ensigns if there are any vacancies in the grade.
I have a few verbal amendments to offer. In
the third section, fifth line, the word "be"
should be stricken out and the words "hare
been " inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the sixth line of the fifth
section the word "and" should be inserted
after "thereof," and the word "aud," in the
eighth line, after the word "station."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. On the fifth page, in the
fifteenth line of the eleventh section, the words
" the various " should be stricken out, and the
words "any of the" inserted, so as to read
"and no promotions shall be made to any of
the grades." ; and in line sixteen the words
"said grades" should be stricken out and
"such grade " inserted, and the word " be " in
the same line should be stricken out and the
woids "have been " inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the twelfth line the word
" act" should be substituted by the word "sec
tion ;" and in the fourteenth line " the various"
should be " any of the;" so in the fifteenth
line "said grades" should be stricken out and
'•such grades" inserted, and the word "be"
stricken out and " have been " inserted ; and in
the seventeenth line the word "act" should be
stricken out and the word "section " inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the second line of the
seventeenth section the word "additional"
should be transferred to the third line after the
word " or;" so as to read " or additional right
to quarters."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move, on the fourth page
in the first line of section ten, before the word
"medical' to insert "active."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I move also to insert the
word " active" before " pay," in the first line
of section eleven.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to add at the
end of the twenty-second section, which was
reported by the committee, these words : "and
the pay of midshipmen shall bo $1,000 per
annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I propose the following
amendment as au additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the office of Solicitor
and Naval Judge Ad\ooate General is hereby con-
tinued to June 30,1SG9.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill wa^ oi dered to be engrossed for a
third readuig, uas read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, the title was
amended so as to read : "A bill to reorganize
the Navy and Maiiue corps of the United
States."
TEXUKE-OF-OI'FICE LAW,
Mr. TRUMBULL, I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House
