THE CONGRESSIONAL GhO.
March 16,
legislative branch of the Government as it can
Well be placed.
Mr; HOWE. I was occupied for a moment
while the honorable Senator was stating my
position, and therefore I could not tell whether
he was stating it correctly or not until he com-
menced to reply to it. I will state for the ben-
efit of the Senator what my proposition was.
I was replying to the argument that this power
of removal must" be conceded to the President
in order to have an efficient administration of
the public service, and I replied to that by say-
ing that if in order to have an effective admin-
istration'of the duties of Secretary of War or
Secretary of the Interior it was necessary that
the President should have the power to remove
at once, it was equally necessary to have that
power of removal in the President over a judge
in order to have an efficient administration of
the judicial office.
Mr. MORTON. I think that is the substance
of what I stated. My general recollection of
the position of the Senator from Wisconsin at
the time is, and I take it subject to his state-
ment here to-day, that it was as proper to make
the removal of the judiciary to depend upon
the President as the removal of other officers.
Mr. HOWE. No.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator now says that
if it is necessary to an efficient administration
that the President should have the power to
remove his Cabinet officers it is equally neces-
sary that he should have the power to remove
a judge. I think that is substantially the same
thing but I think it is wrong in principle.
The judiciary is to be independent of the
Executive from its very nature.
Mr. HOWE. Why ?
Mr. MORTON. Why, sir, the Legislature
is to make the laws, the President is to ex-
ecute them, and the judiciary to decide upon
all cases arising under them. The distinction
is a very broad one.
Now, in regard to executive officers, the
President is charged with the execution of the
law. He cannot do that in person ; he must
do it through the various agents and officers of
the Government; but if those agents and offi-
cers are not subject to his removal when they
become delinquent, or are found to be ineffi-
cient or are guilty of malfeasance in office, I
ask how he can efficiently administer the laws.
The vfery efficiency of his administration de-
pends upon the efficiency and fidelity of his
agents ; and if they are inefficient,- or if they
are not faithful, who will understand that so
■well as he, because he holds all the sources of
executive information ?
What is the practical effect of this law?
Under the law it now stands the President
cannot remove any officer ; but he may suspend
him, and he must report that suspension to
the Senate at the next session together with
the causes of the suspension, and the Senate is
then to pass upon the suspension as t.o whether
it has been properly made or not. If they find
that the officer was not suspended for good
cause, if they do not concur in the suspension,
he then returns to the office ; he is put back ;
he takes his former place; and therefore it
becomes a question between the Senate and
the President as to whether he has been sus-
pended for good cause or not. In other words,
the judgment of the President is to go on trial
before the Senate. It the Senate refuse to
concur with him, then it is announced before
the country that the President has done injus-
tice to that officer ; that he lias adjudged him
incorrectly ; that the Senate have found a ver-
dict against the President. Therefore, the
President will be slow to exercise that power.
It will be as humiliating to him as to any other
officer who may have his judgment overruled.
The President, therefore, as he is notany more
anxious to have his judgment overruled than
any other man wtio has a duty to perform in
an official character, must have a clear case
made out before he will exercise that power.
"He must have such facts that he can make out
a case before the Senate, or upon which a
prosecutor could make out a case before a
jury. Therefore, ordinary inefficiency, smalt
delinquencies, suspicion of infidelity or of mal-
practice will not be sufficient. The revenue
officer must be guilty of such crimes or he
must be so inefficient that a palpable case can
be made out.
Now, sir, what is the effect of that? In a
conversation I had with the late Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, Mr. Rollins, he said there
were dozens of cases in the revenue depart-
ment where there was all the moral evidence
surrounding them that there was something
wrong; there was not, apparently, enough rev-
enue collected from that district; there was
some failure somewhere; but still when he was
required to make out a case before the Presi-
dent, or the President was required to make
out a ease before the Senate, he could not do
it.. We can all understand that state of things;
and the result was that those men were con-
tinued in office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMONDS. I wish to know whether
those instances to which Mr. Rollins referred
were alleged to have taken place during the
recess or at some other time. Mr. Rollins was
examined as a witness on that subject before
a committee of which I happened to be a mem-
ber, and the substance of his testimony there
was that he could not get the President to re-
move anybody even during session time, or
propose to remove anybody who was suspected
of stealing.
Mr. MORTON. That is merely a diversion.
The Commissioner and I were talking about
this very law. He said to mc, " It is a pretty
good law for a bad President, but a very bad
law for a good President." He said there
were dozens of cases where the moral evi-
dence was such as to justify, or rather to de-
mand the removal of a revenue officer, but
that no case could be made out before the
Senate or before a jury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask another ques-
tion ?
Mr. MORTON". Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why did yon not ask him
why they did not propose to appoint somebody
else when the Senate met, as it did once in
thirty days during that whole time?
Mr. MORTON. That does not touch the
point at all. _ As to the delinquency of the
President while Congress was in session that
is another matter. But suppose that the Presi-
dent was inclined to do his duty; still when
during vacation he makes a suspension, and
he is bound to report that suspension to the
Senate with the causes of it, and the Senate
has got to pass upon it to find whether there
was cause or not, there would be very many
cases where no tangible cause could be assigned
upon which we could take action or upon
which he could make out a prima facie case
before a jury, and yet where those in charge
of the administration of the Government knew
that there was something wrong. Whv, sir, I
remember one case—perhaps it is not proper
to speak of it here, as it occurred in executive
session where it was very apparent, at least
it seemed to be apparent, that there was not
j enough revenue collected from a district; and
yet there was no other evidence against the
integrity of the officer.
Mr. President, I undertake to say that no
administration can be carried on efficiently
where an executive officer, a collector of inter-
nal revenue, an assessor, or a collector of a
port cannot be suspended or removed from
office until a ■prima facie ease of absolute de-
linquency is made out against him. This knc-I-
edge is hard to acquire. It is covered up by
all the ingenuity that roguery is capahle of.
Where there is a combination between the col-
lector and the assessor and the tax-payer, and
each man is interested in every way in conceal-
ing the facts, it is hard to get at them; and yet
there may be those surroundings of the case
. that would justify him in the removal of the
' officer. Bat when he can only suspend him,
and is to give the reasons of that suspension,
when he comes to put those reasous down 011
paper, they may seem to be frivolous or trifling,
and when the Senate is called upon to pass
upon those reasons as being sufficient to justify
the removal of the officer they are so indefinite,
and they seem to be so small when put down
upon paper, that they would not justify the Sen-
ate in deciding that there was just cause for
the suspension; and the officer goes back.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. -HOWE. I wish to ask of the Senator
from Indiana if he is of the opinion that in
snch cases as the commissioner alluded to and
as he has been speaking of the officer ought
to be removed?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Then 1 will ask the Senator
one other question: how he comes to the con-
clusion, inasmuch as that state of facts has
convinced one Senator that the officer ought
to be removed, that the Senate would not be
convinced of the same thing if the removal was
made and the cause submitted to the Senate?
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, the
Senator does not seem to comprehend the in-
trinsic difficulty of the question. Take, for
example, the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. He has been watching the course of a
certain officer for months, it may be for years.
The action of that officer is not satisfactory,
the result of his administration is not satis-
factory, and yet perhaps there is no one thing
upon which he can put his finger which would
make out what would be called " cause" before
the Senate or before a jury. In the adminis-
tration of the Government, which is to be
carried on forHhe public good and not for the
benefit of officeholders, there should be the
power of removal where the administration of
an officer is not satisfactory, or where it is not
successful. We proceeded upon that theory
for three quarters of a century.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator allow
me to make one statement?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say that I have
been on the Finance Committee ever since the
tenure-of-office act was passed, and I presume
I have had as much to do with the confirmation
and rejection of internal revenue officers as
any member of the Senate. Wherever a ques-
tion of that kind was before the committee, so
far as I was concerned, as a general rule the
opinion of the Commissioner was taken, aud
if in the opinion of the Commissioner it was
desirable to have a man confirmed or rejected
so far as I know the Senate followed the opin-
ion of the Commissioner. The difficulty lay
in the fact that the President did not submit
those questions to the Senate. I can recall to
my mind now several instances where I had
nominations in my hands and 1 received tele-
grams from the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue in New Hampshire requesting me to act
thus and so in reference to the particular nom-
inations; and I always regarded those telegrams
and the information that I derived froin him
as of the greatest consequence; and I do not
remember now that I ever acted contrary to
his views.
Mr. MORTON. That may all be true : but
it does not affect the argument in my judgment
at all. Before the passage of the tenure-of-
office act, the absolute power of removal exist-
ing, the removal of an officer did riot affect his
character. It was i,<k necessarily for cause.
It might be for his political opinions : it might
be because the appointing power had some
friend whom he desired to appoint to thatoffice ;
or it might be because some one was deemed
to be more efficient ; or it might be for no cause
at all. The removal did not affect the moral
character of the party removed. But, sir
under the present law the suspension must' be
for cause. What cause ? W hat do we under-
stand by that ? We understand something more
than mere politics. We understand something
more than a question of like or dislike, or of
