1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mere personal attachment or personal dislike.
The suspension must be for cause, something
going to a man's ability to perform the duties
of his office, or going to his faithful and honest
performance of them. That is the under-
standing.
Therefore, every suspension under the oper-
ation of this law is a question that affects the
future character of the man suspended. Then
when the Senate comes to consider that sus-
pension it must consider it in the same light.
If a man is suspended for cause his character
is in our hands. If we concur in that suspen-
sion in executive session the world will never
know the reasons upon which we acted ; but it
is a declaration to the world that there was
something wrong in his administration that
amounted to cause under the law for which he
was suspended. Then the Senate becomes a
tribunal for the trial of the causes for which
these men are suspended.
What is the cfi'cct of that? Scarcely any
officer can be found of any importance who
will not have some Senator upon this floor as
his friend, and that Senator will stand up and
inquire "What are the causes 1'or which this man
has been suspended ? I have known him ; he
is my friend ; perhaps I secured him the ap-
pointment ; and I cannot consent to his removal
unless there is some tangible and sufficient
cause made out." Then the Senate must enter
upon the investigation. They must examine
into the causes of this man's suspension. Is
he an honest officer? If not, what has he
done ? If he is an incapable officer, wherein
has he failed. These are questions that we
must pass upon. Each one of these suspen-
sions is a case, and we are the judges who are
to decide that case. If wo concur in the sus-
pension the officer goes out from this Chamber
with a blemish upon his character that he can
scarcely outlive. If we refuse to concur in the
suspension we say to the world the President
has done this man injustice either intentionally
or unintentionally. If he acted in good faith
be acted in ignorance, without being well in-
formed ; if )ie was wellinformed, then he acted
iu bad faith or out of malicious feelings toward
this man.
The President is in some respects on trial
also ; and as he is to be put on trial as to
whether his judgment has been intelligent, or
has been'an honest one in regard to the man
suspended, he must feel a great deal of inter-
est in the result; and if he is to be adjudged
in this way he will hesitate a long time before
he makes the suspension. T-Te may be satisfied
in his own mind that an officer is not doing
right, but unless he can procure facts that are
tangible in themselves and that can be laid
definitely before the Senate of the United
States, or can be stated intelligently before a
jury, he will not suspend that man, and the
maladministration goes on.
Will you tell me, sir, that any administra-
tion can be conducted efficiently under the
operation of that law? Why, sir, 1 think the
very first case we had under the law was the
suspension of a high officer. It resulted 111 a
trial in this body, in which the evidence, docu-
mentary in its character, was examined upon
the one side and upon the other, and a com-
mittee made a voluminous report upon the
question ; and after the report had been sub-
mitted to the Senate for its consideration the
discussion lasted from early in the afternoon
uniil twelve o'clock at night.
What happened in that ease mav happen in
others. We were not much tried under that
law by President Johnson, for the reason that
1 believe he made only five suspensions so far
as revenue officers were concerned during the
two years that he administered the Govern-
ment under that law. Although the whole
country knew that there were hundreds of
cases where men ought, to be suspended or re-
moved, yet there were but five suspensions of
revenue officers. I think I was present when
one or two of them were considered. I know
there was much, time taken up upon one of
those cases, and I think the others were never
considered at all. Of the five suspensions of
revenue officers I think only two were con-
sidered, if I remember correctly, and the other
three were not.
Now, Mr. President, let me suppose that
this law remains in force; what will be the
effect of it? Inthe-course of the eight or nine
months of the vacation there must be very
many suspensions if the President intends to
get clear of all those officers who appear to be
inefficient or dishonest; and when we come
back here in the month of December we shall
find a long docket of these cases, perhaps sev-
eral hundred of them, at least scores of them,
and they will have to be tried one by one. We
take up the first case. That perhaps takes one
afternoon, or one entire executive session ; it
may be two or three; and I tell you, sir, that
this Senate will not have time, if it devotes its
whole time to the consideration of these cases,
to pass upon them if the President shall sus-
pend every officer that iu his judgment ought to
be suspended for dishonesty or inefficiency. In
other words, it will impose upon the Senate a
labor that it cannot perform. It will be physi-
cally impossible for it to discharge that labor.
Whatever may be its purpose, whatever may
be its importance, if we carry 011 the other busi-
ness of Congress, as we should do, weshallnot
have the time to pass upon this docket. A
criminal court would hardly pass upon so many
cases in the same length of time, for every one
of them has got to be considered, and it must
be considered, too. before the next adjourn-
ment of Congress, under the terms of the law
itself.
Then, sir, I say this law would operate disas-
trously, because it would impose 011 this body
aduty it cannot perform. We cannot say, when
we are required, as we are by this law, to pass
upon the suspension of an officer and ascertain
whether there is a good cause for it or not,
'■ We will take the opinion of the President.''
We stultify ourselves if we say that then ; we
make ourselves the most subservient body that
ever yielded to executive power. We cannot
take the mere opinion of the President in that
case. We have got to examine the case for
ourselves. Why? Because the law requires
us to do so.
There is another reason why this law is per-
nicious, and that goes to the essential principle
of all constitutional governments. There must
he responsibility somewhere. The very essence
of successful administration under every con-
stitutional government is that the responsibility
shall be distinctly located somewhere. Under
the operation of this law it is divided between
the President and Congress. There is the law
requiring the President to suspend only for
cause. He can very well say "'It is true 1
think there is something wrong iu this admin-
istration, but I have no sufficient tangible cause
that I am willing to go before the Senate on ;
therefore, let the man pass." But suppose he
does suspend him and the Senate does not
concur in that suspension ; that part of the re-
sponsibility then belongs to the Senate. It is
divided between some sixty or seventy gentle-
men on this floor, and the share of each gen-
tleman is veiy small; 111 other words, the re-
sponsibility is placed between the President
aud the Senate, neither of them having the
whole of it; aud being thus divided up it will
rest very lightly upon the shoulders of both.
Therefore, I say it destroys this essential prin-
ciple of all successful governments, and that is,
thattheresponsibility shall be distinctly located
somewhere. The responsibility of these officers
in their appointment is placed upon the Presi-
dent and the Senate jointly ; but after they have
performed their duties, and after there is time
and opportunity for judgment, then comes the
responsibility of continuing or discontinuing
them. We divide that up until it amounts to
nothing. But if it rests with the President
during the vacation, while Congress is not in
session, so that the country shall hold him and
him alone responsible for it, he will feel that
responsibility -and operate -under it just like
any other official upon whom responsibility is
placed.
Then, sir, upon every consideration I urge
the repeal of this law. I urge it first as a
matter of justice to the incoming Administra-
tion. It was not made for such a man as the
present Executive of the United States. It
was made for another. It was made for pecu-
liar and special reasons. At least so it was
said at the time. That was the ostensible ex-
cuse given for it; and as I said before, if that
law was not now upon the statute-book and
the question was presented to-day for the first
time of enacting it, I presume it would not find
an advocate upon this floor. Why continue it?
Is there anything in the history of the Govern-
ment that demands its continuance ? Nothing.
For seventy-eight years, until 1867, the Gov-
ernment was administered without such a law ;
and although such a law may have been sug-
gested upon several occasions, yet that sugges-
tion never made any impression upon the public
mind. There never was in all that time, more
than three quarters of a century, any consid-
erable demand by any considerable portion of
our people for the enactment of such a law.
Mr. President, we all believe in the neces-
sity of administrative reform. We believe that
there are many bad men in office. We believe
that there should be a general renovation, a
general cleaning out. We have at the head of
the Government a man whom we believe to be
honest and believe to be capable; he has the
confidence of the nation ; and now, I say, let
us give him a fair trial, let us take these fetters
from off his administrative hands aud say to
him we will give him the same power that his
predecessors exercised for the long period of
seventy-eight years; we will place liim on the
same platform occupied by Washington, Jef-
ferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, and so 011
down until the year 18t>7.
The proposition made by the committee, f«
repeat, is indorsed upon its back by the words
"distrust," "trial," "probation," and al-
though it was not so intended, although it was
presented by an able committee in this Senate
than which there is none abler, it is scarcely
less than offering an indignity to the President
of the United States; it is saying "We will
take you on trial for eight and a half months :
we will relieve you from this law until the
beginning of the next, session ; then the law
will go back into full force and operation ; and
if you have not met our views, if you have not
come up to onr expectations, then this law
shall settle down upon you as a permanent
restriction and limitation."
The Senator from Illinois offered a very sin-
gular reason for proposing to suspend this law
for eight and a half months. What was it?
He said that inasmuch as many officers had
been appointed during the administration of
the late President who were inimical to the
policy of Congress, or who, having been ap-
pointed as its friends afterward became its
enemies, it was necessary to clean them out,
and therefore he would give the President until
the first day of the next session to clean out
the public offices and to remove those men.
Sir, if it is necessary that the President should
have that power until the first day of the next
session it is necessary that he should have it
throughout his whole administration. The
proposition of the committee admits every
principle that demands the repeal of the law.
It admits the question of constitutional power,
it admits the question of propriety at least for
a time, but proposes at the beginning of the
next ;ession of Congress that this law shall
resume its place upon the statute-book.
Mr. President, there is but one duty in my
opinion for this body to perform, and that is
the unconditional repeal of the law. It is de-
manded by the sentiment of the whole country
with very few exceptions. The Legmlatme ot
Indiana, by a very large vote, have instructed
my distinguished colleague and myself to vote
for its unconditional repeal. 1 believe the
