M
m mnmsmmal ^ cjlobi.
March 18.
L^giatatni'fes of Othet States Mie dcJtve" theSame
thing; and the House df KepresftfttativeS'—
although that is not an argument here—have
twice, with tefy few dissenting votes, declared
in favor of its unconditional repeal.
As the causes that brought this law into ex-
istence were exceptional and special, and we
hope may not. eMst again, let us consent that,
the new President, who comes in under most
agreeable and promising auspices, shall be
placed oil the same level with all the Presi-
dents who have gone before hira except the
-1m one, that his hands,shall be untied, and
that h€ Shall be left free to inaugurate these
gfeat ieferras that we and the Republican party
have promised to the nation.
- Mk YATES. Mr. President, I do not rise i
foe the purpose of entering into the argument
of the constitutional question, although I have
given it some attention, and may, if the debate
continues, Say something on the subject; but
i confess that the measure before the Senate
i$ one in which I feel some interest, and I pre-
fer just now to indicate my feelings and my
views upon it without entering into the argu-
ment.
I think that in this matter, whether we con-
sider the interest of the country or the interest
of a party, we should be governed by those
principles and considerations which would in-
fluence us in the ordinary transaction of busi-
ness. When I employ an agent to transact my
business the first thing to be settled is that 1
have confidence ia that agent, that I ean trust
him. I have selected him because he has my
entire confidence, and I expect him to do ex-
actly what is right. When I had selected such
an agent, if I prescribed conditions to him,
limitations, reservations, and said " I will oniy
trust you for a certain time until I can see
whether you are honest or are faithful," I
would naturally expect that he might deceive
me.
• Mr. President, the American people, by a una-
nimity almost unparalleled in the history of this
country, have elected to the Chie f Magistracy of
this nation the man to whom every eye looked,
a man to whom the country directed its atten-
j tion inthehourofitstroubleanditstrial. Atter
' failure upon failure, after defeat upon defeat,
reverse upon reverse, the present Chief Magis-
trate of the nation was selected to lead our
armies to triumph; and now, with a unanimity
unparalleled almost in the history of the Re-
public, he has been chosen by the people to
the position of President of the United States.
Do we now propose to continue restrictions,
limitations upon the President of the United
States which we imposed for a special purpose
and for a particular individual ?
It is said we must have the same law for a
good and for a bad President. We never pro-
posed to have any such law as the civil tenure-
of-office bill until Andrew Johnson became the
President of the United States, and until his
purposes in favor of the rebellion and his sym-
pathies with rebels became apparent to the
American people. Restrictions and limitations
then became necessary. They were absolutely
necessary in order to conduct successfully the
affairs ot the Government. But now shall we,
as a new President of the United States assumes
the reins of Government with the universal
consent of the people, attempt to impose upon
him the same restrictions which we imposed
upon a man who was unfriendly to the Govern-
ment and who sympathized with its enemies?
1 would rather deal with him in the spirit of
confidence and trust. I would rather welcome
the Executive and say " You have been selected
by the American people for great and distin-
guished military services and for the trust
which the people repose in you, and now you
shail be subject to the same rule which all
Presidents up to the day of Andrew Johnson
were subject to."
I am not in favor of any mere suspension of
this act. That itself, as has been well re-
marked by the Senator from Indiana, is a proc-
lamation Of distrust; that is to say, •' We will
try yon for a certain time, and if you Conform
yourself to the will of Congress then we will
repeal the law entirely." This is not the way
in which we should treat the President. We—
I trust all of us—advocated bis election be-
cause he was worthy of the place, because he
was worthy of the confidence of the American
people, because we supposed that he above all
others was the man to occupy the place of
President of the United States; and now, sir,
I confess that I feel astonished, not to say
alarmed, if we hesitate to extend to him the
confidence and the trust which we should repose
in the presiding officer of the nation.
No trial is needed in his case. If we ever
find that he turns traitor to his party as Andrew
Johnson did; if we find that he is unworthy of
the trust and confidence of the American peo-
ple by his acts; if we find that he goes back
upon his brilliant record of a thousand battle-
fields of glory and grandeur for the Republic;
if we find he is not loyal to the Constitution
and true to the Government; if we find that
he proves false to the millions who have fought
in defense of the country ; if we find that he is
untrue to the principles for which this war was
fought—then, when General Grant has failed to
stand bv his country and by the Constitution,
it wilt be time enough for an American Con-
gress and an American Senate to attempt to
hamper hiin in the discharge of the duties of
his office.
I wish to do what is right. I would give the
Administration which has been selected by the
people a fair chance and fair play. I would
not hamper them in advance. This law was
made for a special purpose. That purpose has
been accomplished. Andrew Johnson has been
restrained. He has gone out of office with
whatever of glory or of shame history may ac-
cord to him. The law has accomplished its
mission. I would have the same law for Gen-
eral Grant as President of the United States
that we have had for all our Presidents from
the foundation of the Republic to the days of
Andrew Johnson. I think that this law if it
is permitted to remain upon the statute-book
is a reflection upon the President of the United
States. It hampers him as we hampered a man
who sympathized with the enemies of our coun-
try. We have three departments of this Gov-
ernment, executive, legislative, and judicial.
They are separate and independent to a certain
extent, and yet each controlled by the other
under the provisions of the Constitution. Let
us not now in advance cast a reflection, cast a
suspicion upon, or .show a want of confidence
in the executive administration of the Govern-
ment. In the name of common sense and
humanity let us give our own Administration
a fair chance ; let us give our own Administra-
tion fair play. Who is responsible for appoint-
ments? Shall we go to the President and ask
him every time an appointment is made, "Sir,
what is the cause of the removal of this or that
officer?" Do the men who have elected the
present President of the United States intend
to require him to give a certificate every time
lie removes an incompetent officer ? Do we pro-
pose to inquire of him, " Sir, what is the cause
by which you were governed in the removal of
that officer?" If he sympathized with the
rebels, if he was untrue to the principles of our
party even, we might propose to hamper him
by rules and regulations which would require
him to give us reasons every time a removal
was made.
Look at the brilliant record of the President
of the United States; the sufferings he.has
endured, the heroic achievements which have
surrounded his name and which have made
him the world's great commander. His patri-
otism, his loyalty, his support in the hearts of
the American people by all the " boys in blue"
everywhere, upon every battle-field and in
every section of the country, the confidence of
this country in him, all admonish us that we
should impose no restrictions whatever upon
him in the very Commencement of his Admin-
istration.
Sir, I can only, I might say, express ray
abhorrence of the distrust which is arising
toward the Administration of the President of
the United States even before there is the first
suspicion of dishonesty or improper conduct
on the part of that Administration. I will
stand by this Administration as long as it is
right; 1 will oppose it with equal opposition,
vehemence, and even bitterness when it is
wrong; but I must see some sign, I must have
some reason to believe that the Administra-
tion will not be true to the country, will not
be true to the Republican party, before I yield
to any measure which would simply suspend
the operation of this act. It has performed its
office; it was made for a bad President, a very
bad President; he is out of office, and the
favorite of the American people, our choice,
is now President of the United States. We
have confidence in him, I trust; at all events
we ought to show that we have confidence
until there is some reason why we should not
have confidence.
So far aslam concerned I would rather fight
in the minority than in the majority at any
time ; I would rather fight against an Admin-
istration than for it; but I must see something
that indicates corruption, something that indi-
cates a desire not to conform to the wishes of
the party by whom he was elected, something
that is contrary to the principles by whicn the
party should be governed, before I can oppose
this Administration.
Now, I do not mean to say, on the other
hand I disclaim, that that is the object of my
colleague, the distinguished chairman of the
Judiciary Committee ; but at the same time I
dislike a measure which looks like a provisional
measure—a measure which says, "We will
put you on trial for six months; if you behave
right all will be well, we will repeal the bill;
if you do not behave well we will continue the
bill." I would rather put it in this shape :
"We repeal the bill; and then, sir, if you turn
traitor to your country, to your party, to the
principles on which you were elected, we hav-
ing the power to pass such a bill will then pass
it over you, and we will tie your hands as we
tied the hands of Andrew Johnson." But I
feel sure that no such occasion will ever arise.
Sir, I trust that the Senate will now vote for
the unconditional repeal of the teuure-of-office
act. There is no necessity for any such law.
I he Constitution is entirely sufficient, unless
we are in the hands of a tyrannical and a bad
President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. YATES. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator if he thinks this is the constitutional law
on this subject:
" The provision that the President shall have power
to fill all vacancies during the recess of the Senate
uy granting commissions which shall expire at the
end of the next session, excludes thceonciusion that
| he may create vacancies and fill them dai ing the se=-
S'on without the concurrence of the Senate. It' this
view is not correct it would seem that thewholepro-
vision ot the Constitution on this point meaning-
less and absuiil."
I wish to know if my friend from Illinois
subscribes to the doctrine I have just read?
The substance of it is, whether the Constitution
properly construed confers on the President
the power to create a vacancy of his own will
without permission ot law during a recess of
the Senate?
Mr. YATES. As I stated when I com-
menced, 1 bave examined that question and
intend to argue it if the debate ^hall be con-
tinued. Having been a Whig in early d.iya, I
believed that the President had the power af
removal to the same extent that he had the
power of appointment; and yet I must admit
that the doctrine has been finally established
and acted upon by various Presidents since the
question was agitated originally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My apology for calling
the attention of my friend to the question I
put was, that I was reading from his opinion as
