March 16,
j&£ tb« removing of officers; ■ There is net & w©r& e€
rem-ivabiiity hi it.' His argument -was that the
Executive held this as a matter of course.
* Mr. Wynga^e got up and said something for
striking out.
" Mr. Kekd rose and was swinging on his legs for
an hour. He bad to talk a great deal before he could
bring himself to declare against the motion.
"Bat bow a most curious seene opened. D&lton
ro?e aud said a number of things in the mo-t hesi-
tating &r d embarrassed manner. It was his recant-
ati&n-Mjad jast-now altered his mind. From what
had been said by the honorable gentleman from Jer-
sey, he w-asnow for the clause.
-" Mr. X2a'ED' Was so provoked that he jumped up,
deo ared that nothing had fell from that gentleman
that possibly -eon-id convince any man; that men
mightpretend so, but the thing was impossible.
" Mf^ Morris's f«ee had reddened for some time,
fie roae hastily. He threw censure on Mr. Izard;
fiesta red thai the recanting man behaved like a man
of honor: that Mr. Paterson's arguments were good
and sufficient to convince any man.
. 5"Irbe truth, however, was that everybody believed
that.Jo ha Adams was the great convertor. But now
recantation was in fashion. Mr. Bas?ett recanted
too, though he said he had prepared himself on the
other side. We now saw how it would go, and I
could not help admiring the frugality of the court
party in procuring recantations or votes, which you
please.
'"Afterall the arguments were ended and the ques-
tion taken, the Senate was 10 to 10. and the Presi-
dent with great joy cried out 'it is not a vote,'with-
out giving himself time to declare the division ol the
House, aud give his vote in order.
" Kveryman of oui side in giving their sentiments
spoke with great freedom, and seemed willing to
avow their own opinion in theopenest manner. "Not
a man of the others who made any speech to the
merits of the matter but went about it and about it.
I called this singing the war song, and told Mr.
Morris I would give him eveiy one who I heatd
aing. the war song, or in other words those who could
not avow the vote they were fully minded to give
until they had raised spirits enough by their own
talk to enable them to doit.
4*€kR£7SQii made a speech. Itwas not long, but he
baa la it this remarkable sentence: 'The matter
predicted by Mr. Henry is now coming to pass, con-
solidation is the object of the new Government, and
the first attempt will-be to destroy the Senate, as
they are the representatives of the State Legisla-
tures.
*' It has long been a maxim with me that no frame
of government whatever would secure liberty or
equal administration of justice to a people unless
virtuous citizens were the legislators and governors.
I live not a day without finding new reason to sub-
scribe to this doctrine. What avowed and repeated
attempts havo I seen to place the President above
the powere stipulated for him by the Constitution.
Bor strikiugout:
"Butler, Izard. Langdon, Johnson, Wyngate, Few,
Gunn, Grayson, Lee, Maclay—10.
J Against striking out:
Bassett. Ellsworth, Strong, Ballon, Pater-
eon, Elmer, Morris, Henry, Carroll, the President.
jQim Adatns—11."
Mr. Maelay adds at the end of this account:
"I replied to a number of the arguments, and the
substance of them is on the adjoining loose sheet."
It is not material that I should read that.
Thus you have here an authentic account,
colored it maybe by the fact that itwas written
by a gentleman who was on the opposing side of
the question, of the method by which this power
now claimed to exist in the President was ob-
tained ; and I submit to Senators seriously, not
for this President, not for this Yice President,
not for to-day or to-morrow or this age, but
for that great age which is to come after us,
when we have a hundred States and a hundred
million people, whether it is not worthy of some
consideration whether this body should lay
aside from its powers which we all now, ex-
cepting the Democrats, confess either belong
to it by the Constitution or may and ought to
be properly conferred upon it by law.
Is there no danger that we shall not have
another Andrew Johnson ? Let me ask my
friend from Illinois, is the race of bad Presi-
dents aod_ Vice Presidents exhausted? Has
the millenium really come, that the people have
been able through the mistakes and folly and
wickedness of their adversaries to select two
eminent and pure men now? I do not think
it has. There will be a country after General
Grant and after our honored Vice President.
'I here will be the contentions of faction ; there
will be the power of executive patronage to
coerce and control the people in the selection
of their agents ; the army of postmasters and
assessors and collectors will attend theprimary
meetings as they have done before; and is
there not some danger that at last in a con-
tested, narrowly-disputed election the Bxeeu- j
' "wilii thy,army at his back, will not give '
over the reins of Government when a majority
have decided against him 1
Mr. YATES. I wish to ask the Senator from
Vermont why is there a necessity for having a
different law on General Grant from that we
had for preceding Presidents except Andrew
Johnson ; and whether the authorities which
the honorable Senator from Vermont read have
not been familiar to all the statesmen of the
past since the days of General Washington?
Have not these same points been argued ?
Has not the Supreme Court put its construc-
tion upon the Constitution of the United States?
If the fathers intended that there should be
this restriction on any President why did they
not say so in the Constitution or in some of the
earliest laws which were passed by the Con-
gress of the United States?
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that point I might
appeal to this distinguished authority, which I
think was the end of the law as it was the end
of impeachment, as pronounced by my honor-
able friend from Illinois ; the Constitution did
not confer any such power on the President.
My friend from Illinois acting as a judge under
the sanction of an oath, setting aside all his
prejudices and partialities, if he had aDy, de-
termined as a judge, and with the voice of a
lawyer, that the Constitution never conferred
any such power upon the President, and it never
did. I agree with him that no law is necessary
forGeneral Grant's administration that was not
necessary for preceding Administrations ; but
it was thought necessary in preceding Admin-
istrations and in the formation of constitutions
to impose restrictions upon executive power,
whether that Executive were to be a Washing-
ton, an Adams, a Jackson, or a Johnson.
Would my friend from Illinois on this very
point propose to repeal that part of the Consti-
tution if he had the power which required
General Grant to swear to support it? And
yet my friend from Illinois and I both know
that the fact that he did or did not take that
oath would not make a particle of difference
with the purity of his Administration. But
nobody proposes to dispense with the oath to
General Grant; nobody would have proposed
it if we had the power. My friend forgets—
because he cannot be ignorant of it—that a
free Government is to be maintained by having
laws that are standing, and that while they are
not needed for good men are always ready for
bad ones. Thatisthetheoryofgovernment; and
that Government never will last, and no Gov-
ernment ever has lasted, thatdependedupon its
policy in its legislation; or whether you had a
good man to-day or a bad one to-morrow,
because if it does your legislators become the
mere creatures and servile instruments of ex-
ecutive power, and if one faction repeals good
laws for the benefit of a good Executive the
next party and the next faction who come in
will repeal good laws for a bad Executive in
order to give him power. The only safety of
a free people is in the faettbatits Government,
as I said before, is a Government not of men
but a Government of law that is constant and
fixed, that controls the good as well as the bad.
Has my friend any answer to make to that
proposition? Certainly not.
So m«ch for that. My friend from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] suggests to my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Yates] to ask roe why we suspend
it for six months. I will answer that. 1 will
say, in the first place, to my friend from Iowa
that my advice was not so much to him, because
we have known that he has been an original,
a stout-hearted, and a consistent opponent of
this law all the time ; that he did not believe in
it originally. His studies in the common law
and the beauty of English history have been
so fervent that his eyes have become a little
obscured to the liberties of a real democracy,
and hence he has stood up here against our
wishes and against our appeals frankly and
openly and stoutly in favor of upholding and
extending executive power without regard to
the question (because he understands govern-
ment too well to place it upon suck a narrow
ground as that) whether we happened at the
moment to have a good man in or not, But
my friend asks the question, why suspepd it?
Well, sir, there is considerable force in that
inquiry. I will tell my friend as a practical
question why, for one, I am ready to suspend
it. Because it appears to us now at this mo-
ment, owiii<  to the peculiar circumstances that
have attended the last Adraini.«'ration, that it
is desirable that there should be an immediate
and general removal of the officeholders of the
country as a rule ; and as an agency for that
removal, subject to our approval when we meet
again in the confirmation of their successors,
these bad men being put out, we are willing to
trust this Executive with that discretion.
Mr. YATES. I will ask the Senator, with
his permission, a question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
Illinois ?
Mr.EDMUNDS. Certainly; I yield to every-
body.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator, as a ques-
tion of fact, if itwas ever contended by him
that such a law was necessary before the admin-
istration of President Johnson, or whether he
ever thought of introducing such a bill priorto
that time? I believe the honorable Senator
was the chairman of the committee who re-
ported this bill in the first instance. Am I
correct in that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. sir.
Mr. YATES. IasktheSenatornowwhether
in fact, to tell the literal, plain truth in this
whole matter before the Senate and the world,
the bill was not specially made to meet the
case of Andrew Johnson?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, I
.am very happy to be able for my own satisfac-
tion to answer those inquiries. I will confess,
in the first place, that 1 never did introduce a
bill to provide a law of this kind until the ad-
ministration of Andrew Johnson.
Mr. YATES. Was not that the occasion
of it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had not occurred to
the people of Vermont that my services were
necessary in the councils of the nation until
after that Administration had commenced.
[Laughter.] 1 had not, therefore, the oppor-
tunity to do my country that service.
Now. as to the occasion of this law, undoubt-
edly the bad administration of Andrew John-
son was the immediate occasion of it. Let me
ask the honorable Senator what was the occa-
sion of Magna Charta in Great Britain ? Was
it not the evil conduct of King John ?
Mr. YATES. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And therefore he would
say, upon that argument, as soon as the Lord
01- somebody else had taken King John away,
'' repeal Magna Charta." Why. sir, all reform
in government springs out of the evil of some
governor or prince. The people never make
a step forward, and they never will so long as
the earth is constituted as it is now, except
through the blood and toil and trouble of bad
government. That is the furnace through
which they must go in their progress to pros-
perity and happiness. Almost every law, my
honorable friend knows, is immediately occa-
sioned by some evil that calls to the attention
of the law-making power the necessity of sup-
plying by statute a remedy for an abuse or
a guard against misconduct. So much for
that.
But I have not done with the history of these
affairs, the American people did not, as has
been said by the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, sleep in quiet and satisfied repose under
this action of ten Senators and John Adams,
the Vice President of the United States, as
sett ing a constitutional construction or a3
settling the rightful exercise of legislative
power. Why, sir, the Senator from Illinois
knows, recurring to that for a moment, and
the Senator from Indiana knows that so much
criticism and censure were bestowed upon John
Adams on the subject of that casting vote of
his that he felt called upon in a letter to a
friend to repel what was in the mouths of the
