98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 move
the reconsideration of .the vote last taken, in
order that a vote may be had on the amend-
ment which I proposed yesterday, and 011
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] promised, as I understood, to permit
a vote.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] has called for the read-
ing of the bill, and that cannot now be inter-
rupted.
The bill was read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered, unless the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who has charge of this bill,
will allow a vote to be taken on the amendment
which I desire to offer.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to know whether I had not the floor,
and to say that if so I did not yield to the gen-
tleman to make the motion he has made.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman fromPenn-
■sylvania had exhausted his right to the floor
when the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered on the thirdreading
of the bill. The Chair is bound to recognize
any gentleman who moves to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
That is the motion now pending.
The question being put, there were—ayes 59,
noes 86 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Kelley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move to amend the second section by adding
thereto what I send to the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That the purchase of all material to be
used in the coinage herein established, except when
Oid coins are redeemed, shall be made only by public
advertisement for contracts therefor, to be given to
the lowest bidder for the same upon a percentage of
pure metals required to bo furnished by the pro-
posals, to be determined by the Mint assay of the
material delivered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to explain the amendment?
The SPE AKER. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor.
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
simply to say that the amendment provides
that this immense quantity of material to make
$40,000,000 worth of coinage shall be pur-
chased only by contract, advertised in the open
market upon a statement of the percentage of
the various metals to be furnished according
to the assay at the Mint. For instance, if the
Mint Director desires a bar of nickel and cop-
per containing eighty per cent, of nickel and
twenty per cent, of copper he advertises for
such a bar, and the bids are made upon the
amount of pure nickel and pure copper ac-
cording to the proposals, the percentage to be
determined by the Mint assay, so as to give to
the people of the United States the benefit of
the cheapness of the material to prevent the
possibility of a job. I do not know that I have
anything else to say.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask thegentleman to
yield to me to offer an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
do so.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
first section by striking out the words "and
the issue of Treasury notes of ten cents/'
The SPEAKER. That is not in the nature
of an amendment to the pending amendment,
and is therefore not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts and myself are, I think, aiming at
the same object, though we differ in our meth-
ods. Now, I propose to hiui, that, as we are
entering upon a new Congress, there shall be
a general law regulating the purchases for the
Mint. This bill leaves the purchase of mate-
rial for this particular coin to the Director of
the Mint under the existing law. I would
unite with the gentleman or with the commit-
tee which I represent in preparing a general
bill. The subject we are dealing with is com-
paratively a new one. Nickel coinage is a
comparatively new one. Some of the nations
of Europe have adopted it. It was not be-
lieved when the present coinage was suggested
that it was practicable to work more than
twenty-five per cent, into coin. Subsequent
experiments have shown that thirty-three per
cent, can be worked advantageously.
Now, on the question of pure nickel, through
the kindness of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Twichell] I was introduced,
after the House adjourned yesterday, to a
gentleman who gave me the facts of the case
sustaining the views I had presented. I asked
him to make a memorandum, and he did so,
and I have it here in his own handwriting.
He says:
" Pure nickel is only obtained by electro-'.hemical
process of deposit by one firm in England and by a
Mr. Remington, of Boston. It is in the form of
minute black grains and fusible at a temperature
nearly equal to that necessary to fuse platinum, and
is redeposited by electro-process as a plating which
has the hardness and brilliancy of steel."
A metal of that kind could not be impressed
in dies. It has to be alloyed and brought to
sufficient tensile strength and malleability to
make it impressible by a die. I want every
guard thrown around the matter I can, but I
do not wish in treating with this delicate sub-
ject to make a law which while in its terms it
may seem proper may embarrass and impair
the whole matter. Before the next session of
Congress the Committee on Coinage can pre-
pare a bill regulating all these matters, and
can obtain from the Director of the Mint that
information which will enable gentlemen to
know how far they may place restrictions upon
him. I ask that in the interim he may have
under the law as it has stood a right to pur-
chase under those restraints under which he
purchases all other materials, gold, silver, cop-
per, tin, zinc, fuel, and all appliances and fur-
niture^ of the Mint. I am willing that every
restraint that has heretofore been deemed
necessary shall remain. That is all I ask, and
if I were sure that" the technical language did
not impair the opportunity of the Director of
the Mint to judge of the tensile strength, of
the malleability and other metallurgic qualities
of the articles offered, I would make no objec-
tion to the amendment. But it may be that
the purest nickel has not the most tensile
strengl h. It may be that the purest copper or
nickel is not the most malleable, bat is brittle, i
I do not know how far the purity of either '
article affects those qualities which are ueces- '
sary for coinage, and therefore I oppose the
amendment, and only on that gronnd. Having
said thus much I leave the matter to the House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
now to the gentleman fromlllinois, [Mr. Jura.]
l J During the last Congress I had
the honor to serve on the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, in which this mat-
ter was fully discussed, andlbecame perfectly
satisfied that the interests of the Government
as well as the convenience and interests ofthe
people required the adoption of the measure
now reported by thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley.] I thought from the
exhibition of the different kinds of coins that
were before the committee that it was disrepu-
table_ to the country that our coinage should
remain in that condition, and when the reform
could be made without any expense to the
Government it seemed to me that the interests
in every direction demanded that this bill
should become a law.
In relation to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
it seems to me that my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] has not understood its
tenor as read this morning. As I understand
it it does not provide for the purchase of pure
nickel. It enables the Director of the Mint to
buy nickel that is alloyed, but he is to pay ac-
cording to tests for the amount of pure nickel
that is in that alloy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is so.
Mr. JUDD. So I understand the amend-
ment. The objection'raised last evening, and
which had force in my mind, is removed en-
tirely by the modification of the amendment
as offered this morning, and it does not dictate
what shall be the alloy or whether the metal
that is purchased shall be pure or alloyed, but
only fixes the price of the test value of it, and
this large business that is to be carried on by
the Mint is to be let by contract. It does seem
to me that, involving so large an amount of
expenditure as this does, we should apply to
it that rule which we apply to every other sub-
ject, and that is that the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest and best bidder for the
material.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, resumed the
floor.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Vriii the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I propose
to offer a substitute for the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield for that purpose.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman hear it read?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; I
do not care to hear it.
Mr. JENCKES. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. JENCKES. Does the amendment of
the gentleman meet this case? Here are two
persons offering nickel, which must of neces-
sity be united with some other metal or sub-
stance, because pure nickel is not known in
commerce. Suppose that two persons offer
samples, each, when tested, found to contain
eighty per cent, of pure nickel. The one sam-
ple can be worked for purposes of coinace
twenty per cent, cheaper than the other. May
not the person making the selection, taking
the article he purchases according to the pro"
portion of pure nickel it .contains, be at lib-
erty to select the sample which costs twenty
per cent, more for working rather than the
sample which costs twenty percent, less?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iamverv
much obliged to my friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckes] for putting me the question.
.He will observe that my amendment does not
refer to the amount of pure nickel in the lot
offered, but to the amount of pure metal.
Let me explain. The Director of the' Mint
advertises for a bar of metal of a given weight
ana tensile sirengih, and of & given percentage
of nickel and copper, or whatever other metal
he desires it to be alloyed with. When parties
come to bid one of them says to the Director,
' 1 will give you such a bar of metal, with so
much copper and so mach nickel in it, at so
much a pound for each metal"—say SI 25 a
pound for the nickel and twenty-seven cents a
pound for the copper, if that would be a fair
pnee. Another man says, ■'! will give vou
the same bar of metal for one dollar a pound
tor the nicke. and twenty cents a pound for the
copper." r
Now, the Director of the Mint may give any
direction he pleases as to the tensile strength,
purity, or alloy of the bar of metal to be pur-
chased. I understand from the man who now
furnishes the nickel to the Mint that that is
exactly the way lie is paid now ; he is paid so
much a pound for the nickel and so much a
pound for the copper. But the trouble is that
noboc.y can compete with him, because he beiix*
a 1 ennsylvania man, and Pennsylvanians hav°
mg a preference for each other, which is very
proper, he gets the preference in the bids, I
