100
THE CONQBISSIOMAL GLOBS.
March 16,
the announcement of the committees, know-
ing the anxiety of the Director of the Mint to
be rid of the working of tin and zinc, with the
consent of the majority of the committee, of
all the members present, including the gentle-
man who now makes the motion to recommit,
[Mr. Davis,] and the chairman of the com-
mittee, [Mr. Hbaton,] I submitted the bill and
asked that it should be put upon its passage.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question on the recommitment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIVISION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask unanimous conscnt
to present two bills drawn by some gentlemen
from Texas, and ask that they be referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
There was no objection.
Mr. BEAMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
131) to divide the State of Texas into three
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. BEAMAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 132) for the division of the territory known
as the State of Texas into separate territories ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the
votes by which the bills were severally referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION IS CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill regulating compensation in
cases of contested elections for the purpose of
reference to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BROOKS. Let it be read.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that whenever the right of any Repre-
sentative or Delegate in Congress to a seat in
the House of Representatives is contested, and
notice of such contest is served in conformity
to law, no money shall be paid as mileage or
compensation to either the sitting member or
the contestant while such contest is pending
and undecided ; and that whenever the right
to such seat shall have been finally determined
either by the House or by a withdrawal upon
the record from all further contest the mileage
and compensation allowed by law shall be paid
to the person only to whom the seat shall thus
be finally accorded.
The second section provides that there shall
be paid out of the contingent fund of the House
to any person, either the sitting member or the
contestant for the right to a seat as Represent-
ative or Delegate, to whom it shall be finally
determined in the manner provided in the first
section that such seat did not of right belong,
a sum of money not exceeding such sum as he
shall make it appear to the Committee on Ac-
counts of the House of Representatives that he
has actually and necessarily expended in pros-
ecuting or defending such right to a seat in a
contest prosecuted or defended by him, in the
opinion of the Committee of Elections, before
whom it was pending in good faith and with
reasonable cause.
Mr. 1RIMBLE. I object to the reception
of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
not object to its being referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
_ Mr. TRIMBLE. I will withdraw the objec-
tion.
_ Mr. BROOKS. As the Committee of Elec-
tions have a right to report at any time that
is substantially withdrawing all objection.
, Mr, DAWES. They would not have the
right, report at any time such a bill as this.
The SPEAKER. This bill would not fall
under the privilege.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well; then I make no
objection.
The bill (H. R. No. 133) regulating com-
pensation in cases of contested elections was
read afirst and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. ELDRID6E moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICT IN WYOMING.
Mr. SPINK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 134) to establish a
land district in Wyoming Territory, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT IS DAKOTA.
Mr. SPINK also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 135) to create an
additional land district in the Territory of
Dakota, to be called the Pembina district;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
KESOLUTIONS OF BOARD OF TRADE.
Mr. SWANN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Board of Trade of
the city of Baltimore, indorsing the resolutions
adopted by the National Board of Trade in
reference to immunity of private property at
sea in time of war; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Also, resolutions of the Board of Trade of
the city of Baltimore, indorsing the action of
the National Board of Trade, and also the
resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce of
the city of Cincinnati in reference to building
levees on the Mississippi; which were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Also, resolutions of the Board of Trade of
the city of Baltimore, indorsing the resolutions
and preamble passed by the Board of Trade
of the city of Philadelphia in reference to
certain modifications of the national bankrupt
law; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
MEMBER-AT-LARGE FROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce a resolution in ref-
erence to the case of Hon. John B. Rodgers,
claiming a seat as Representative-at-large from
the State of Tennessee, for reference to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the resolution be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas Hon. John B. Rodgers was on the first
Tuesday of November, liSSS, elected to the Forty-
First Congress from the State of Tennessee asamein-
ber ior the State at large; and whereas there is no
existing law for the additional member, but the loyal
citizens of Tennessee believe that theyare justly en-
titled to said additional member: Therefore
Be it resolved, That the credentials of Hon. John B.
Roagers be referred to the Comm.ttee of Elections,
and that they be instiueted to report at as early a
day as possible whether the credentials are in proper
form, and whether the State of Tennessee is entitled
to saiu additional member, and to report a resolution
accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no objection to re-
ferring the credentials to the Committee of
Elections, but 1 object to the instructions.
Mr. BUTLER, of 1 Tennessee. Then I move
that the rules be suspended in order that I may
offer the resolution.
'the SPEAKER. The rules cannot be sus-
pended except on Monday.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a substitute for a bill introduced yes-
terday in relation to the preservation of the
fur-seal in Alaska for reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ihen I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
call of committees for reports.
All the committees were called,but no reports
were made.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SCHENCK, Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] withdraw that motion
until I can introduce a couple of bills, and have
them referred and ordered to be printed?
Mr. KELSEY. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask leave to introduce
a bill supplementary to and explanatory of
certain acts of Congress relating to officers of
the Navy, to be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent-
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to everythingont
of order.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following; which were
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed :
To the Senate, anil House of Representatives :
I invite the attention of Congress to the accom-
panying communication of this date which I have
received from the Secretary of the Interior.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, March l.\ 1809.
To the honorable Secretm-p of the Interior :
Under the act of Congress approved July 2, 18d4, it
is made the duty of the Government directors of the
Union Pacific railroad " at any time to report to the
Secretary of the Interior such information as shall
be in possession of the Department."
According to the provisions of this actitbeeomes
our duty now to report thp following facts:
March 10,18GD, in obedience to the act of Congress,
December 27, 1867, the stockholders of the Union
Pacific railroad met in the city of New York and pro-
ceeded to the election of directors for the ensuing
year, when an injunction was served by Judge Bar-
nard, of the supreme court of the city of New York,
upon the officers of the company, some of its directors,
some of its stockholders, and certain of the Govern-
ment directors, restraining them from and prohibit-
ing an election of any officer or directors upon the
day designated by the Federal law of December 20.
1867, for the ensuing year. The whole number of
votes thrown we have ascertained to be 207,430 shares,
of which 205,840 were given for the gentlemen whose
names are hereto annexed, and no other votes could
have been given that would change the result.
Under these injunctions, attachments (some of
them not bailable) and threats of imprisonment if
disobeyed, the inspectors of the election were advised
notto declare the result, though believing themselves
authorized to do so by the Federal law, and hence
tne new board thus elected remains in abevance un-
der injunctions and attachments which may endure
for a year or more, and thereby make the company
and stockholders expense and litigation, and thus
endanger and obstruct the progress of the road.
Fearful of these results, we, as Government direct-
ors, have felt it our duty to make an early report of
these facts to the Secretary, with the view of his call-
ing attention thereto of the President and of Con-
gress, in order that such legislation may be had as
may be deemed necessary to protect the interests of
the United States and to keep uninterrupted this
great national work.
JAMES BROOKS, New York,
J. L. WILLIAMS, Indiana,
D. L. HARRIS, Massachusetts,
J. D. WEBSTER, Illinois,
M. PRICE, Joica,
Government Directors,
OLIVER AMES. Massachusetts,
THOMAS C. DURANT. New York.
JOHN J. CISCO, New York,
SIDNEY DILLON. Nexv Yorl,
BySHNELL.'o,ttne<rf;<.u(>
; kATLb, Massachusetts,
JOHN DUFF, Massachusetts,
JOS I All BURDWELL, Massac lacscU f>y
£ , Massachusetts,
*<tj' MaH^arhuf,' its,
WILLIAM H. MACY Nnc York
JOHN P TRACY, mlL, mL'
?«Dn ,y fCPK)IICK' A'«"> York city.
br. iVl. DODGE, Joioa,
New York City, March 11,18C9. Directors.
CHANGES ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to an
nounce that the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Blaiii] declines service on the Committee oti
Foreign Affairs, and also as chairman of the
Committee on Private Land Claims. If there
be no objection the Chair will appoint Mr
Blair to the position on the Committee of
VVays and Means made vacant by the resigna-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
