1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
Orth.] And the Chair will also appoint Mr.
Orth chairman of the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and also as second on the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the place held by
him during the last Congress.
withdrawal 01' papers.
Mr. ARCHER asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House, without
leaving copies, the papers in the case of R. M.
Green.
Also, to have referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs the papers in the case of Charles
W. Whitney, now on the files of the House.
Mr. BOLES asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion of William Pollard, late assistant second
engineer United States Navy, asking to be
restored to the naval service.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to have referred to the Committee of
Claims the papers, now on the files of the House,
relating to the claim of the heirs of James B.
Armstrong, presented in 1860 ; and the report
of the commissioners upon the claim of Mas-
sachusetts for coast defense, presented during
the last Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] can have the papers
mentioned by him referred under the rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I will do so.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 7) to
strengthen the public credit; when the Speaker
signed the same.
leave or absence.
Mr. Stone oblained leave of absence for
three days.
, ollder of business.
Mr. JUDD. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the introduc-
tion and reference of any bill out of order. I
have a bill myself which I want to introduce
and cannot do so.
Mr. KELSEY. I renew my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I hope the gentleman
will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KELSEY. I would do so, but objec-
tion is made to every proposition requiring
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Johnson] objects to anything else
than the regular order.
On the motion to adjourn there were—ayes
51, noes G5.
So the motion was not agreed to.
order 01? business.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
callof States for the introduction of resolutions
and bills which may be put upon their pas-
sage. The call rests with the Stale of Ohio.
clerk for judiciary committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following reso-
lution, on which I demand the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
authorized to appoint a, clerk at the same compensa-
tion ho received during the last Congress.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that this resolution
be referred to the Committee on Accounts.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] has called the previous ques-
tion. If thatshould not be seconded a motion
to refer will be in order.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 54, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Arxell and
Mr. Binciiam were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distribution of public documents.
Mr. STEVENSON. I submit the following
resolution, on which I demand the previous
question:
Ilesolved, That all books and public documents,
except the Congressional Globe, of which extracopies
have been printed for distribution, and which have
not been delivered to the persons entitled thereto
under the resolution of the last House of Represent-
atives, shall be delivered by the officers having pos-
session of the same to the Representatives in this
House of those districts whose former Representa-
tives have not drawn the documents to which such
districts were respectively entitled, according to the
rate of distribution established.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that this resolu-
tion be laid on the table. Its adoption would
be a gross injustice to gentlemen who retired
with the last Congress, and who ought to
receive the documents published during that
Congress, and to which as members they were
entitled.
On the motion to lay the resolution on the
table there were—ayes 29, noes 95.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that under the rules of the j
House members are not entitled to vote upon j
a question in which they are directly interested. ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This is a question that inter-
ests the constituents of members rather than
members themselves.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 rise to another ques-
tion of order. If I mistake not, the records
of the Fortieth Congress contain an express
declaration that the books referred to in this
resolution belong to members of that Congress
and are to be distributed among them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The same authority that
adopted such an order can revoke it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of morality.
Have we the right to give away other people's
property ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question. The merits of the resolution
are to be decided by the House, not by the
Chair. The question recurs on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
On ordering the main question there were—
ayes 91, noes 18.
So the main question was ordered, which
was upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed joint resolutions of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) authorizing
Commander Charles H. Baldwin, United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the king
of the Netherlands ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 28) authoriz-
ing Lieutenant Commander W. A. lvirkland,
United States Navy, to accept a gold medal
from the emperor of France.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendment, disagreed to by
the House, to the resolution for the appoint-
ment of a joint select Committee on Retrench-
ment, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and had appointed
as conferees on the part of the Senate Mr.
Patterson, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Casserly.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the House
adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes 69, noes GO.
Mr. PAINE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at two o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BEAMAN : The petition of Annie
G. Etheridge, of Detroit, Michigan, for com-
pensation for services as nurse during the late
war.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of William
Colton, of Virginia, praying for removal of his
disabilities.
Also, the petition of Almon Baldwin and 25
others, soldiers of the war of 1812, for pen-
sions.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of Commodore Charles Steed-
man, asking for compensation for services
rendered.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. TWICHULL : A bill in relation to
the transportation of United States mails by
railroad companies.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday", March 17, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. F. S. De Hass, of Wash-
ington.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday ; but was interrupted by
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to dispense with the reading of
the Journal. Is there objection?
Mr. SUMNER. I must object to that. I
will say, in making the objection, that down
to within a year I never knew it to be asked
that the reading of the Journal be dispensed
with, except during the last forty-eight hours
of the session. I believe that all Senators,, a
they reflect upon it, will see that it is import-
ant that the rule should not be departed from.
Mr. CONKLING. I will renew the sugges-
tion at that time—during the last forty-eight
hours of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the Journal.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents the proceedings of the Republican State
convention in Georgia in regard to the position
of that State, which will be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the committee are
prepared this morning to report on that sub-
ject, perhaps the paper had better lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on
the table.
Mr. CONKLING presentedapetitionofciti-
zens of New York engaged in the tobacco trade,
asking legislation for the reduction of the tax on
low-priced cigars knotvn as "cheroots ' which
was referred to the Committee on binatice.
He also presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying such an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States as will
fully recognize the obligations of the Christian
