1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts suggests a modification of the
resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be so changed.
Mr. SUMNER. It should read, "that the
President of the United States be requested, if
in his opinion not inconsistent with the public
interest, to communicate," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified; and the question is on
agreeing to it, as modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
NOllMAN WIARD'S ORDNANCE CONTRACTS.
" Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Itesolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish to the Senate copies of contracts made and
entered into between that Department and Norman
Wiard, for the fabrication and delivery of ordnance
or other arms, and copies of all correspondence in
relation thereto, as well as copies of all applications
for and papers in relation to other and additional
contracts not entered into between said parties.
message i'ltosi tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 30) to supply omissions in the en-
rollment of certain appropriation acts approved
March 3, 18{fJ, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
eiuolled bills and joint resolution ; and tlicy
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 23) for the further security of
equal rights in the District of Columbia :
A bill (S. No. 25) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad into and
within the District of Columbia,'' approved
February 1807 ; and
A joint resolution (H. II. No. 1) to supply an
omission in the enrollment of the act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, "1S70,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1809.
hill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 30) to sup-
ply omissions in the enrollment of certain appro-
priation aeU, approved March 3, ISO'l, was
read tv, ice by its tide, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
i: x e c u t i v k c o m si i : n i n a t i o n .
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message fioni the President of the
United States, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 11th iribtaut, relative to (he in-
stallment due from the Government of Vene-
zuela pursuant io the convention of April 25,
1806 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
light-houses in oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration at this time of
joint resolution No. 20, to which I presume
there will be no objection.
The motion was agreed to : and the joint
resolution (S. II. No. 20) in relation to light-
bouses on the coast of Oregon was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the erection of the light-house at Aquina
bay, and of other light-houses on the coast of
Oregon, for which appropriations have been
or may be made, shall not be delayed for want
of the consent of the Legislature of the State
to the purchase of the site or sites for such
light-houses.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
landing of submarine cables.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 12,
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 12) to authorize the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company to land
its submarine cable upon the shores of the
United States was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the New York, Newfoundland, and London
Telegraph Company to continue their existing
submarine cable, in its several lines, from the
shores of Newfoundland westerly, and to land
the same upon the shores of the United States
at such place or places as may from time to
time appear to the directors of the company
to be most convenient, and to maintain and
work such cable or cables for the transmission
of messages and intelligence between the Uni-
ted States and Europe, or any of the inter-
mediate places, during the existence of the
charter of the company. Congress reserves
the right to alter or amend the act as it may
see fit by general rules, which shall bo appli-
cable to the company mentioned, to regulate
the use of ocean telegraphs and the tariff of
prices for the transmission of messages.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to throw
any obstacle in the way of this telegraph com-
pany, it being the pioneer company ; but there
is great apprehension of the consequences that
may follow if we grant this right to a company
having exclusive privileges on the other side.
By doing it we may shut out all competition.
We grant no exclusive privileges, it is true ;
but if we grant this right to a company that has
exclusive privileges on the other side of the
ocean it amounts to an absolute monopoly.
Before we grant this privilege we ought to
know upon what condition other lines may be
landed in Europe. I think there ought to be
some limitation upon this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is precisely as it
passed before after discussion.
Mr. SUMNEll. The Senator from Nevada
will observe that the second section of the bill
subjects it to any conditions that Congress
hereafter may impose, being the very condi-
tions which the Senator has in mind. There
is now pending before the Senate a general
bill containing the proper conditions for the
regulation of ocean telegraphs.
lUr. STEWART. 1 suggest that if this should
become a monopoly we ought to have the right
to repeal the law, and that clause should be in.
Mr. SUMNER. It is there. The second
section provides:
That Onngi resci yes the light to alter or amend
this act us it may oee lit. by general rules, which shall
lie applicable to the above-mentioned company, to
regulate the use of ocean telegraphs and tariff of
prices lor the transmission of messages.
Mr. STEWART. I move to insert the words
" or repeal" after "amend."
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. SUMNER, Very
well.
Mr. STEWART. I will put the amendment
at the end of the section. 1 move to add
"and Congress hereby reserves the right to
repeal this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have three amend-
ments to offer to the bill, the object of which
is to make it a general law and provide that
other companies chartered by any of the States
shall be in the same position as this company
is. I send mv amendments to the desk.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New Jersey desire to have all the
amendments reported together?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes. sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the amendments together.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey is to strike out
in the first section of the bill all after the word
"that," in line three, down to the word "same,"
in lino six, and to insert " any telegraph com-
pany organized under the laws of any State
shall have the right to land."
The next amendment is in the second sec-
tion, to strike out all after the word " fit," in
line two.
The third amendment is to amend the title
so as to read, "A bill to authorize any tele-
graph company incorporated under the laws
of any State to land its submarine cable upon
the shores of the United States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thefirst amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey is now
before the Senate, and the Senator from New
Jersey is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I think
the amendments explain themselves; the ob-
ject I have in view sufficiently appears from
the reading of the amendments without any
remarks. There are before the Senate now,
as I understand, two bills that have been in-
troduced as general laws, and perhaps one ot
two special bills. It seems to me that th?
general law should be first acted upon ; but if
we are called upon to act upon this bill now,
before the general law comes up, the only way
to act upon it is to act upon it according to the
principle in the second section of the bill.
That second section, as amended, reserves tt
Congress the right to alter, amend, or rcpeai
the act by general rules. Why was that ex-
pression, " by general rules," put in? Con-
gress certainly has the right to alter or repeal
this act and make general laws without reserv-
ing that right. It was put in simply to make
the bill attractive, and to admit the principle
that a general rule was the better law. As we
have the question now before us it seems to
me much better to amend this bill and make
it a general bill if it must be acted upon now.
if the wording of the amendment does not
reach the object I have in view I shall be very
glad to correct the verbiage of it.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill before the Senate
is special in its object. Tt is to give the exist-
ing telegraphic company, through which we
now receive intelligence from Europe, and
which lands in the island of Newfoundland, the
right to land somewhere on the shores of the
United States. .The bill is special. It is not
general in its character. But it proceeds to
provide that this company shall be subject to
any general provisions with regard to tele-
graphic communications which may hereafter
be adopted by Congress. Now, as I under-
stand the motion of the Senator from New Jer-
sey, he seeks to change the character of tiie
bill, to make it general instead of special. His
proposition is general in its chnracter; it, is
not special. It docs not refer to this pioneer
cable, to which we are all so much indebted. 1
object to it on that account. Let us take up
one of the bills now before the Senate, which
are general in character, and which seek to
provide a code or system for the government
of telegraphic communications, and pass that;
but for the present let us pass this bill which
gives to the existing cable company the right
which :t needs to land oil the shores of the Uni-
ted States, nor more nor less, and at the same
time subjects it to all future conditions which
Congress may choose to impose. Sir, I can
see no detriment to the public interests which
can come from the present bill, while the prop-
osition of the Senator from New Jersey, being
general iti its character, leaves this pioneer
cable unprovided for, subject to the contingen-
cies of the passage of a more general bill. I
hope, therefore, that the motion of the Sena-
tor—I say it with all respect; he will pardon
me—will be voted down, and that the bill will
be passed iu the shape in which it came from
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the first amendment offered by Mr. Stock-
ton, and declared that the ayes appeared to
have it.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. CHANDLER called
for a division.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a division is called
for, 1 trust the Senator from Massachusetts
will allow this amendment to prevail. In the
case of the telegraph bill introduced here two
years ago, reported by me, an amendment was
offered making it general in its character, and
I assented to it at once, and it has been the
source of a very great deal of good. It enables
many telegraph companies to be organized
