104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
without opposition, with the consent of the
States, and many miles of telegraph line have
been built under that general authority. There
can be no objection to allowing any telegraph
company to land a c^ble within any State where
the State itself assents to it. This amendment
provides that if the State assents to the land-
ing of the cable within the limits of the State
the consent of Congress is granted to that
landing. Can there be any possible objection
to that consent being granted, reserving our
power to repeal at any time this authority, or
even to seize the cable, if necessary, should
we be involved in foreign complications? I
do not desire to extend a monopoly. N o mo-
nopoly can be more beneficial in its character
than the present cable. But at the same time
it is a monopoly, because it is confined to a
single corporation that regulates and governs
the prices of messages between this country
and Europe. If we can by general bill extend
that authority to this company as well as to
all other companies it seems to me we ought
to do so. It will tako no longer to pass the
bill in the form in which it is now proposed
to be amended than it would to pass it as a
special bill. I therefore am in favor of the
amendment. Indeed, as a general rule, where
ever any privilege is conferred on any com-
pany I should like to see that same privilege
conferred upon any other company, private in
character, under the same restrictions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I perfectly agree with
the honorable Senator from Ohio, but he does
not comprehend, I think, the point which is
now ^ under discussion with reference to this
particular bill. A bill was reported at the last
session, which was prepared with great care by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, which
covered the whole ground and permitted any
company to land its cable upon the shores of
the United States on certain conditions pre-
scribed in the bill. These were very carefully
drawn, and are quite restrictive. I take it there
will be no objection to the passage of that bill
as applicable to all companies hereafter to be
chartered. It does give the permission which
ought to be given in such cases, throws the
whole open; but it makes certain provisions
which I think to be absolutely necessary, and
those are that there should be a reciprocal
grant of power in foreign countries; that there
should not be exclusive privileges granted there
which will restrict the right to certain compa-
nies when certain other companies chartered
here cannot have those rights. But in order
to attain that some time is necessary, some
considerable time perhaps, before the legisla-
tion of different countries can be so arranged
as to make it reciprocal. Under those cir-
cumstances it was not thought advisable that
all of those restrictions should be extended to
this company at the present time. Why? For
the simple reason that this was the pioneer
company already established ; it has a grant
of the exclusive privilege from Great Britain
for twenty years. If, therefore, we apply the
principles of that bill to this company, which
is the pioneer company, it will effectually pre-
vent its enjoyment of the right to land its cable
upon the shores of the United States.
" was therefore, under the circumstances,
thought advisable by the committee not to
oppose the passage of this bill, but to put upon
it certain restrictions. If, however, we pat
the restriction now proposed upon it, it must
be very evident that the company cannot exer-
cise the right unless it gives up the privilege
which is already granted to it, and even to do
that might take very considerable time. What
is to be gamed by it? And what are the rea-
sons applicable to this cotmany ? There was
every reason in the world, when this work was
undertaken, why the exclusive privilege for
twenty years, or a specific length of time,
should be granted. It was a new experiment:
it was a very doubtful experiment, which cost,
necessarily, a great deal of money. For a
long time it was unsuccessful, but it was perse-
vered m with great diligence and great persist-
ency, ana at last it became a success. Some-
thing is due to a company which thus carried
through to its completion, at great hazard, an
enterprise so exceedingly important to the
commercial interests of the world.
Again, sir, we cannot effectually prevent any-
thing of the kind. Why ? Because it already
lands upon- the shores of Newfoundland and
connects with the United States by means of
a telegraph overland. It can still exercise
that privilege, and will exercise it undoubtedly
rather than give up its chartered right for the
twenty years exclusive occupation of the priv-
ilege so far as Great Britain is concerned.
Under these circumstances, is it wise to re-
fuse to this company simply the privilege of
landing its cable upon the shores of the United
States, when we gain this by it, which we have
not now, the privilege by this bill of regulat-
ing its rate of fare, and other privileges which
we do not now enjoy? At present, landing as
it does, where it does, it has perfect control
of the whole, and will for a considerable series
of years, of its rates of fare, as well as other
things, and no preference is given by law to
communications by the Government. In this
bill it is stipulated that if it does land its cable
on the shores of the United States those re-
strictions must be submitted to and agreed to.
They undoubtedly will be. Those restrictions
will be of very great advantage, particularly
the right to regulate the rates of fare and pre-
scribe such other regulations as Congress may
see fit to impose.
In this state of things I think, as other gen-
tlemen have thought, that it is best to grant
this privilege, inasmuch as we cannot prevent
the communication already established, over
which we have no power whatever, and if the
company see fit to avail themselves of the priv-
ilege granted by this bill they will subject them-
selves to the exercise of a power which may be
very beneficial to the country.
Under the circumstances it was not deemed
advisable by the committee to subject this par-
ticular company to the operation of a general
law, or rather to compel them to wait until
that was passed, but to avail ourselves of the
desire they have now to complete their com-
munication in this way, and derive all the ad-
vantage from it which we might by the opera-
tion of this bill. My opinion, therefore, is
decidedly that we ought not to amend this bill
in the manner proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey, but to pass it, and then
pass the general law.
Mr. STEWART. It occurs to me. and I
suggest to the Senator from New Jersey, that
the bill without his amendment will meet the
object which he desires to accomplish. He
proposes to provide that any company that is
organized in any State may have these privi-
leges. I can see very readily that a company
may be organized in a State that will acquire
exclusive privileges on the other side if we do
not make some regulation in advance, and thus
create monopolies. For instance, take the
company authorized by France ; if we allow
them to organize here under State law without
some guards this general provision will allow
the whole thing to be monopolized in a year.
Companies created here would get special priv-
ileges from Spain and France, and then they
would have general privileges here, which would
close the entire door. The only reason why I
can consent to vote for this bill is because this is
the pioneer company, and we reserve the right
to alter, amend, or repeal the act, and we are
not granting anything more than we should
otherwise. But with the amendment of the
Senator from New Jersey I can very well see
how the whole thing would be disposed of
without any further action of Congress by
having general privileges granted here and
special privileges on the other side. I think it
will defeat the object aimed at. I am in favor
of the_ idea of the Senator from New Jersey,
and will vote for a general bill allowing com-
panies to land their cables in the United States,
provided companies of this country have the
same privileges in Europe.
Mr. CHANDLER. There was a general bill
reported which covers the whole ground that
the Senator from New Jersey desires to cover.
It will be recollected by several Senators on
this floor that we once voted a subsidy, to this
company of $70,000 a year for a long period.
England gave a very large subsidy, besides
giving them the exclusive use of the British
territory for twenty-five years from that time,
about twenty years now. This bill simply
authorizes the company to land its cable on
the shores of the United States. It is the same
bill which passed the Senate before the ad-
journment, but failed to pass the House. I
hope the Senate will vote down the amend-
ment and pass the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire why the
Senator does not propose that general bill as
a substitute for this.
Mr. CHANDLER. This does not interfere
with the general bill. This simply authorizes
this company to land its cable ou the shores of
the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. I am a little more obtuse
than my friend, the Senator from Nevada. I
am not able to perceive the distinction and the
difficulties which he seems to apprehend if we
adopt this amendment. It seems to me that
if we adopt this amendment we extend the
same privileges to all telegraph companies that
we do to one, and I cannot comprehend the
argument of the Senator from Maine, that be-
cause we adopt the first amendment proposed
by the Senator from New Jersey we thereby
lose our power to control the Newfoundland
company in the charges it may impose on mes-
sages. I think that was the argument of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I was giving
my reasons why we could safely take this bill
i out of the operations of the general law.
I The \ ICE PRESIDENT. The morning
I hourhavingexpired, the unfinished businessoi'
! yesterday is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to be allowed to have the
vote taken on the telegraph bill. It will not
occupy many minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will take some
time.
Mr, CHANDLER. Isoj we are ready to
vote now.
Mr. IRUMBULL. There are several amend-
ments to be proposed. There is one which I
shall offer myselt if no one else does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects to displacingthe unfinished
business. It must therefore be proceeded with.
TEXDltE-OF-OFJICE LAW.
Ihe Senate, as iu Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.'
No. 3) to repeal an act regulating the tenure
of civil offices, the pending question being on
the amendment reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. EDM^UNDS. Mr. President, when I
gave way yesterday for an executive session I
was about calling the attention of the Senate
to the proceedings in this body on the 4th of
May, 1828, when a committee of the Senate,
composed of seven of its most eminent and
patriotic members, reported upon this subject
fully; and I propose to read some extracts from
that report. They say:
In coming to the conclusion that executive nat-
ronage ought to be diminished and regulated on too
themnnTibtbe committee rest their opinion on
tbe ground that the exorcise ot great patronage in
,ullv fhnedon ■hM. a ooSitani tendency to
thi i.h,£  i?' ? ?i our mentions and to endanger
tho liberties ot the country. This doctrine is not
new. A jealousy of power and ot the influence of
patronage, which must always accompany its exer-
cise, has ever been a distinguished feature in tho
American character. It displayed itself su-on'lyTit
tho formation and the adoption o"f itho
Fedeial Constitution. At that time the feebleness
of the old Confederation had excited a much greater
dxead ot anarchy than ot power-'ot anarchy -unonsr
the members than ot power iu the head -ana al-
though the impression was nearly universal that a
Governmentol more energetic character had beeomo
indispensab y necessary, yet even under the irfu-
ence ot this conviction such was the dread of power
