106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Was not that a wise purpose ? Was not that a
justifiable act of legislation, if we had the con-
stitutional power ? The country thought it was.
But Senators say that it was confessed on
the occasion of the passage of that act that it
was a mere temporary expedient resorted to
as-one of doubtful propriety in the abstract
and in justice as meeting the unjust measures
of a bad man. I have searched the Globe
with some, interest through those debates, and
I have failed to discover any evidence in the
observations of any man, save the Democrats
who taunted us with it, that suck was our pur-
pose. On the contrary, the committee in
making their report and in opening this sub-
ject to the Senate declared, through its chair-
man :
"But the committee have recommended the adop-
tion of this rule respecting the tenure of officers as
a permanent and systematic and, as they believe,
an appropriate regulation of the Government for all
Administrations and for all time."
^ That was the ground that we stood upon.
T.o be sure, the present and pressing emer-
gency to put a good rule in operation grew out
of the fact to which I have referred ; but that
act was defended and it was carried upon the
ground that it introduced a true and honest
reform into administration, that was to stand
as well to day when the people bid a welcome
to a new administration as it was to stand yes-
erday when they were hissing out of sight one
that disgraced itself, and to stand after you,
sir, and after the President, and after we shall
have left our places and others whom we know
not shall follow us. I do not wish to be told,
therefore, unless the proof is produced, by any
Senator, that any man who advocated the pas-
sage of the bill advocated it at all upon the
narrow and selfish and partisan ground that it
was a mere firebrand intended t,o make war
upon a present enemy with. It did not stand
upon auy such principle. It was not advo-
cated upon any such principle.
^ Bat it is said that this law has by experience
oeen shown to work badly, and therefore,
whatever may have been the justification that
introduced it and passed it, it has been demon-
strated to be of that deleterious character to
i he public service that it deserves repeal. That
is a fair argument if it is well founded. That,
if it were well founded, would be a real argu-
ment; and it is the only question that there is
really here. Everything else is extrinsic. But
what is the fact? Letussee. I suppose every
Senator is aware—I do not know whether other
people are or not; I have no right to know
whether the Executive is aware—that this law
which you now propose to sweep away is a law
that only lias effect so far as it respects re-
movals from office during the recess when the
Senate is not in session. To-day and every
day when we are sitting here the provisions
of that law have no application to appoint-
ments and removals from office.
^ Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
friend from Vermont this question: if the prin-
ciple 0I" the law is right, that the President
shall not remove officers during vacation except
for cause, should not the spirit of that law
govern him during the session of Congress, so
that .he should not propose to remove an officer
during a session of Congress except for cause
which would justify him in suspending him
during vacation ?
NDS. The question is so long,
Mr. President, that I have almost forgotten the
beginning m paying attention to the end ; but
I believe I understand it.
Mr. MORTON. Ifyour memory is not very
short you do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I begin to com-
prehend it. Undoubtedly the same nrinciple
which governs the changes in the administra-
tion of office during a recess of the Senate
ought to govern it during a session of the Sen-
ate. I am very glad, indeed, to know that my
illustrious friend thinks so, as I assume he does
from his putting the question. I assume that
he believes in the affirmative of the question
has proptmnded ;'and it gives me a consid-
erable degree of satisfaction to know it.
Now, what does this law provide V I think
I can demonstrate to the Senator that it does
exactly that same thing ; that it forbids a re-
moval from office during the recess of the Sen-
ate upon the mere irresponsible caprice of the
Executive, and therefore puts the Executive
upon the same ground during the recess that
he stands upon during the session, because
during a session of the Senate the President
has not the power to make a vacancy and fill it
up. He has not the power, as I contend, to
make a vacancy at all during the session of the
Senate, whether he fills it or not; and in the
great trial—one of the judges in which my
friend was—only one instance, I believe, in the
history of the Government was found where
there was even the appearance of a removal on
the part of the President during a session of the
Senate without a corresponding nomination to
make the removal perfect; and even in that
case—the case of Pickering—the whole was
done on the same day and by presumption of
law, and I have no doubt, in fact, on the same
instant.
Then what are the powers of the President
of the United States during a session of the
Senate ? He has no power, I am happy to say,
to remove any officer. I say this, not speaking
of the present honored Executive more than
any other; indeed, less than any other; be-
cause if I would give the power to any man I
would give it to him; but I will not give up
the Government to a man of my own choice.
The people have not authorized me to give it
up; they have conferred no such trust upon
me ; and if I should do it I should betray them
as well as sacrifice myself. Now, what are
his rights? His rights are, when he thinks
there ought to be a changc in the public ser-
vice of any particular office, to propose to us.
as the representatives of the States, the change
that he wishes to make ; and if we are satisfied
that the person whom he proposes to put in
will be a better officer than the one whom he
proposes to put out then it is our duty to say
ay; if we are not satisfied of that, but'believe
in the reverse, it is our duty to say no. Un-
happily, Mr. President, as times have gone,
we have not always even done that. We have
been more apt—and 1 am not speaking of this
Administration, because we have, as yet, had
no experience—even under a hostile Adminis-
tration, to say ay to a bad nomination, than
we ought to have been.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of my
friend I will state the question again, for he
has not answered it, and I will make it so short
that he will not forget it. If the President
should be restrained during vacation from sus-
pending an officer except for cause, what we
understand to be cause, should not the same
principle govern him during the session of Con-
gress, so as to retrain him from sending in an-
other nomination for the same office,"except
there be the same cause for the removal of the
present incumbent ? That question is not very
long, and I think the Senator can remember it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall certainly remem-
ber the gentleman who puts it. if I do not re-
member the question. Certainly, Mr. Presi-
dent, 1 am determined to agree with my friend.
I will not be put into a different position from
what he assumes about that. I say with him
that the President of the United States has no
business to nominate to us a man—I am now
speaking of moral business, because the Con-
stitution gives him aright to nominate as often
as he pleases—the President has no right to
propose to us to put out one man and put in
another unless there is cause.
Now, what is cause? The Constitution has
made the cause. The united discretion of the
President of the United States and the repre-
sentatives of the States, that is cause. If the
President of the United States thinks for any
reason that satisfies his moral nature that it is
better to make a change in an office, and pro-
poses it to us, and we are satisfied for any reason
that is consonant to our moral sense of right
and wrong that that change ought to or may
be made, then it is done, and there is cause.
My friend may go into a dissertation if he wishes
to do so, when it comes to his turn to speak,
upon proximate and final cause. There is
ever so much discussion in books of philosophy
about that. But it is cause enough for me, sir,
constitutional cause, if the Senator will, when
the President of the United States acting, if
he is honest as he always must, upon a con-
scientious regard for the public service and a.
conscientious sense of his responsibilityto the
people and to God, chooses to send in one
mail's name for a place that another man holds.
When he has done that he has done his duty,
whether that cause satisfies my friend and me
or not. Then it becomes our opportunity to
speak and to consider, and if we are satisfied
with the cause, or with any other cause that
i appeals to our judgment and good sense, the
act is accomplished.
! If my friend by using the term "cause'' in
I the sense that he understands it means some-
thing more than this, and that the party to be
removed must have been guilty of some high
crime, then I entirely disagree with him. The
Senator cannot forget that the will of the peo-
ple is. as found in the statutes of the country,
that no officer shall hold his office for more
than four years. I say no officer ; I mean the
great body of them; saying "no officer" i.->
saying it too widely. But the great body of the
administrative officers of the Government are
limited in their tenure of office to four years ;
and the object of that was by those who passed
it, I have no doubt, as the object of the State
constitutions is all over the country, that there
may be brought into direct review, into neces-
sary review within a limited period, the public-
conduct of every man ; and if he has deserved
a. fresh lease of power, afresh evidence of pub-
lic trust, drawn from the administration of his
duties, then it is to be presumed he will receive
it. That is the theory of this Governmenf. 25 I
understand it. At auy rate, that is the statute.
Therefore I say that "cause,"in the sense that
I understand it, and in the sense that the peo-
ple have understood it, for a change in an office,
is not necessarily some crime, is not neces^arii v
some misconduct of an officer, but it is a gi n-
eral and discreet survey by those who are"in-
trusted with the right and who have imposed
upon them the duty of deciding it, of the gen-
eral public and political reasons—not political
in a party sense necessarily, but in a wider and a
better sense—which should govern administra-
tion^ Does the Senator now understand mv
position ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not understand that
the Senator has answered the question ; but 1
understand his position to be this: that the
President would have no right during the ses-
sion of Congress to propose to remove an
officer by sending in a new name for the same
office except for the same cause that would
justify the suspension during vacation. That
is his position, and that is the position I desire
to have understood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I will come to the
suspension, as my friend has suspended. I
say that the President ought not to suspend
an officer in vacation unless he has cause for
it. Take it even upon the careful and restrict-
ive language of the act of 1867 as it stands
now, which to be sure is a quite nnneoeciri"-
subject to argue, because the pending propo-
sition is to suspend that entirely ; but take it
upon that language, llie evidence that is to
control the action of the Executive in suspen-
sion is to be evidence that is satisfactory to his
conscience and to that of nobody else; and as
the Senator from Indiana well knows, acting
upon that discretion that the statute reposed
in him, the late President suspended one of
the highest offceers of the Government, Mr
Secretary Stanton, upon a mere ground of
etiquette and nothing else, because Mr. Stan-
ton, when invited to resign in a set formulary
of high considerations of public interest, or
words to that effect,_ replied in the same form
that high considerations of public interest led
him to feel it to be his duty not to resign. The
late President of the United States did not
