THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
the sound of trumpets and should stand around
us and demand in the name of the people that
we should repeal this law. But that has not
been done. That is one part of the play that
seems to have been omitted.
Again, it is said that it is the wish of the
Executive. Mr. President, the wish of the
Executive, unless it is communicated to us in
the way that the Constitution prescribes, has
no place here. The President of the United
States has his duties; the Constitution pre-
scribes them. The Senate of the United States
has its duties; the Constitution prescribes
theiti. In the line of its duty the Senate of
the United States is as independent of the Ex-
ecutive as the Executive is of the Senate. They
are both friends; they are both members of
the same Government, and I take it that each
without feeling and without hostility will pur-
sue the sphere of its action without paying
much attention to the cries of gentlemen who
say to us, as the reason for passing or enacting
laws, that this does or does not meet with
Executive favor.
Now, sir, I have said all that I wish to say
upon this subject upon the present occasion.
'I have said it in the first place to vindicate
myself, as one of those who voted in favor of
the passage of this law originally, from the
aspersion—for I treat it as such, though not so
intended I know—of the Senator from Illinois
aftd others who have said that we passed the
law as a mere party expedient, as a mere tem-
porary contrivance to hedge around a Presi-
dent whose polities we did not like. I have
shown from the record that reporting the bill
from a committee I took exactly the opposite
ground. I have shown that the distinguished
Senator from Ohio in the remarks of his that
I just now read put it upon the broad and true
ground of legislating upon principle, and not
for any man. I have defied gentlemen who
have maintained the opposite to show us in the
Globe anywhere any such narrow method of
.egislation as they accuse us of, and I have
further said this because I feel, and I believe
that the people of my State feel as they intelli-
gently consider these subjects, that there is
involved in this more than the success of this
Administration, more than the harmony of this
Congress with the President of the United
States, because that -will exist; but there is
involved in it really a destiny which is either
by a calm and constant progress to carry us
>nore and more under a reign of law to happi-
ness and prosperity, or that other progress of
which history is full of instances, which carries
us by gradual accretions of executive power,
culminating at last in the hands of some bold
and dangerous man to a tyranny which, like
other tyrannies, must be, as it always should
be, followed with blood.
Mr. THAYER. Imove to amend the amend-
ment reported by the Judiciary Committee by
striking out the words "suspended until the
next session of Congress " and inserting:
Madeanddeclared to beinoperativeand void from
and alter the passage of this act: Provided, however,
ihat the President shall report to the Senate within
tenaays from the beginning of eaeh session all ap
nAl 1% t iVl A M f a TV* n J. A T— .1.. -■ ■ 1 « «
The effect of my amendment, if adopted,
will be to make the bill read:
(l That an act passed the 2d of March, 1867, entitled
An act regulating thetenureof certain civil offices,"
be, and the same is hereby, made and declared to be
inoperative and void from and after the passage of
That the President shall
report to the Senate within ten days from the begin-
ning ot each session all appointments made bv him
during the preceding recess of the Senate which re-
quire confirmation by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I am grati-
fied at the manner in which this debate has thus
far been conducted, and especially at the very
able and interesting speech made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont. I did not intend until
yesterday to engage in the debate, and will
occupy very little of the time of the Senate in
stataiig the reasons for my vote on this bill.
One question at least has been settled by the
recent legislation of Congress, and that is the
power of Congress to regulate removals from
office. This has been settled not only by the
impeachment trial, but by the repeated action
of both Houses, acquiesced in now by all de-
partments of the Government. The power of
removal is not a constitutional but a legal power.
The Constitution does not confer the power of
removal upon the President, or upon the Sen-
ate, or upon both, or upon any other branch of
the Government, but leaves that with a great
variety of other powers to be regulated and eon-
trolled by law. When the Constitution is silent
the law prevails. The removal of all officers
is now provided for by law and is not fixed by
any constitutional provision. Thus officers of
the Army and Navy are protected from removal
by courts-martial, and all civil officers are pro-
tected by the tenure-of-office act. Several offi-
cers are protected by a fixed duration of their
term of office, during which they cannot be
removed. It, may now be considered as a set- !
tied question of law that the power of removal |
depends entirely upon the acts of Congress, and I
not upon any constitutional provision. '
The question, then, is whether the tenure-of- ;
office act wisely provides that the Senate of
the United States should share with the Presi- j
dent in the power of removing civil officers.
In regard to the Army and Navy the question .
has long been settled and the settlement has l!
been acquiesced in. Those officers can only
be removed upon the advice and finding of a
court-martial. No such tribunal has been pro-
vided in the tenure-of-office act to pass upon
the cause of the removal of civil officers. If
this had been done there could be little doubt
upon the precedents mentioned but that such
a law would be held as constitutional, proper,
and right. The only question is whether it is
politie and wise to invest in the Senate any
portion of the power of removal.
By the tenure-of-office act no removal can
be made during the session of the Senate or
during the recess of the Senate except by con-
sent of the Senate, so that every act of removal
must be participated in by the Senate. Now,
in the face of the experience that we have had
for the past two years, is it wise to limit the
power of the Executive over removals and
make his power depend entirely on the action
of the Senate and not of any other tribunal ?
That is the only question to which I choose to
address myself.
As a general rule it is not wise to mingle
the powers of the various departments of the
Government. There are three great divisions
or departments of the Government that stand
apart from each other. They form the triangle
of public safety, and upon them rest the safety,
order, and good conduct of society. These are
the legislative, the executive, and the judicial
departments. They have been in exceptional
cases mingled. The Senate shares with the
President in the appointing power, and also
shares with the President in the treaty-making
power. The Senate forms a part of the legis-
lative power, and it shares the judicial power
in the trial of impeachments, thus absorbing
one branch of the judicial power. But with
these exceptions the three great departments
of the Government, legislative, executive, and
judicial, are kept distinct. It is not wise, in
my judgment, to overlook this division of
powers.
My friend from Vermont, it seemed to me,
gave rather a narrow construction to the ten-
ure-of-office act, not such a one as I have
always put upon it and not such a one as I
think it fairly bears. He said that the tenure-
of-office act does not apply to removals made
during the session of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said that before the
tenure-of-office act the President had no power
to remove during the session of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is the very point
on which my friend and I would differ. Under
various laws of Congress which were cited and
quoted very often in the impeachment trial
the power of removal was expressly conferred
upon the President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was speaking of the
constitutional power.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say that as a question
of law before the tenure-of-office act was passed
several laws conferred on the President ex-
pressly the power of removal in a great multi-
tulip flT r>9C!PQ
Mr. EDMUNDS. Unquestionably.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first section of the
tenure-of-oflice act does limit him, and repeals
all the various acts which conferred the power
of removal on the President. I regard the
first section of the act as more sweeping in its
effect, more broad and comprehensive in its
operations than even the second section, be-
cause it repealed all the laws that enabled the
President summarily to dismiss an officer from
his office. Under an act which was often
debated during the impeachment trial the
President was authorized to discharge the Sec-
retary of War, the Secretary of State, and all
Cabinet officers and a multitude of civil offi-
cers, and he might communicate that discharge
or that removal to the Senate. In practice,
confirmation by the Senate usually terminated
the office of the previous incumbent; but the
President had the powgr by express provision
of law to make the removal without regard to
the Senate. If the tenure-of-office act is re-
pealed the President and Senate combined
may during the session of the Senate remove
an officer, or the President may alone remove
an officer but not appoint another. If the
tenure-of-office act remains no removal can
be made except with the consent of the Sen-
ate. If this act is repealed removals may be
made without the consent of the Senate, and
the only question the Senate will act upon in
that case will be the question of the confirma-
tion of the new appointee.
The second section of the act takes away
from the President the power of removing an
officer during the recess of the Senate. This
is for more than one half lhe year, so that
whatever the exigency may be, however grave
may be the suspicion aroused in the mind of
the President against any officer of the Gov-
ernment, and however pressing may be the
necessity, the President cannot move that offi-
cer from his office unless the Senate is here to
advise and consent. Ail he can do is to sus-
pend him from office, and suspend him for
what? The President may be entirely conscious
that the officer complained of has been guilty
of dereliction of duty, has been guilty of fraud
or of gross neglect or of many other things;
but unless he can show satisfactory evidence
that the officer has been guilty of misconduct
in office or crime, or has become incapable or
legally disqualified to perform the duties of the
office, he cannot suspend him.
It seems to me that the operations of this
great Government cannot be carried on upon
this basis unless the Senate is kept here the
greater portion of the year to share in the
power of removal. The point made by my
honorable friend from Indiana I think was not
fully met by the argument of the Senator from
Vermont. Under the tenure-of-office act the
President and the Senate may this day remove
a man without other cause than mere political
reasons, or for any reason whatever.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reason is a cause, in
my estimation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yesi; we, the Senate,
may remove for mere political differences of
opinion, but we will not allow the President to
remove except for crime and misconduct sus-
tained by satisfactory evidence. We do not
make the same rule for his removals that we
do (or our own. We go to him, and I think
much too often for the public good, and ask
removals for mere political opinion, and yet
by law we forbid him doing this during the
recess unless he is prepared to arraign the in-
cumbent upon written charges supported by
proof. Suppose the President should turn to
us and say, "Very well, make a case for re-
moval under the tenure-of-office act and I will
send a name to the Senate.'' It would be im-
possible to remove a great multitude of officers
