1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
whose offices are now eagerly sought for by men
of our political faith, and yet we think a change
would be beneficial. Has the Senator from
Vermont arrived at that exemplary and for-
giving state of mind that lie would not be will-
ing to remove any man who disagreed with
him in opinion, or, in other words, who was a
Democrat, unless he could he convicted of
crime upon satisfactory evidence?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Permit me to ask the
Senator whether I ought not to have arrived
at that virtuous point on true principles of
government whether I have or not?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think so. I
believe that all the leading officers of this Gov-
ernment ought to be in harmony with the
political sentiments of the majority, and that
although the doctrine of Governor Marcy was
rather too bluntly stated in his expression that
"to the victors belong the spoils," yet in actual
practice, in theory, and in fact, no administra-
tion of this Government ever did or ever will ex-
ist without practically acting upon the rule that
to the successful party belong the great offices
of the Government. It may not be according
to the theoretical codes of morality and public
policy which the Federalists talked of when
the Democrats were in power and which the
Democrats talked of when the Federalists were
in power, but still it is a rule of practical
administration which will alwa}'S be applied in
a republican form of government.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Ohio
explain how the tenure-of-office law prevents
the Government, as it stands to-day, from
acting upon the principle which he insists
should govern?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not. During the
session of the Senate removals may be made
for political reasons, but the moment the Sen-
ate adjourns, ten days hence, what can the
President do then with the vast multitude of
officers who now hold office as the agents of
Andrew Johnson? Are we to sit here in ses-
sion until General Grant's administration can
examine the multitude of applications that are
made for all the offices for which nominations
are to be sent to the Senate? Can any of the
postmasters be removed for political reasons
after we leave here? They cannot even be sus-
pended, under the tenure-of-office act, except
ibr cause or misconduct charged upon satisfac-
tory evidence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio a question in this connec-
tion. Is anybody in the Senate arguing that
the tenure-of-oilice act should be continued in
force? Is it not the report of the committee
and the unanimous agreement all around, so far
as anybody has said a word, that it shall be
suspended, at least? No one is attempting to
defend the tenure-of-office act as it exists.
Why, then, should the Senator spend his pow-
ers in arguing against that which nobody is
upholding in the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood my honor-
able friend from Vermont to speak for two or
three hours in defense and maintenance of the
principles of the tenure-of-office act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And he has joined in
a report to suspend it until the next session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that in a
moment, and state the reasons why I think a
repeal is better than a suspension. My honor-
able friend from Vermont in his long argu-
ment endeavored to show that the teuure-of-
office act ought to be maintained. It is true
that for special reasons he is willing to suspend
it for one year ; but he declared that he was
in favor of the principles of the act.
Now, in my judgment it cannot, with due
regard to the public interests, be practically
enforced. What has been our experience
within two years in the revenue service? After
we adjourned two years ago many eases of
fraud arose in that service. What was the re-
sult,? When we came back here we were met
with piles of documents which the President
of the United States sent to us; various papers
showing that certain officers of the Govern-
ment had performed acts which in his judg-
ment amounted to misdemeanor, crime, &c.,
and for which they were suspended. He gave
us specific facts and evidence. These cases
were referred to the appropriate committees.
What were we called upon to examine? We
had to take up and carefully read piles of
papers and examine each particular case, like
a chancellor or a judge of assize. Every sus
pended officer contended that he was the most
innocent man born since the time of Adam.
He demanded a trial and copies of charges
and proof and a formal hearing before the
committees of this body, he converting us into
a court and jury to try his particular case. If
we could not try him why demand charges and
evidence? If the tenure-of-office act was right
in principle we were bound to examine each
case to see whether or not the accused officer
was, according to the language of the law,
guilty of misconduct in office or crime, or had
become incapabls or legally disqualified. The
result was that some of the committees of this
body could not transact their business. These
cases were referred, and after great delay were
reported upon. In one case the accused was
tried, convicted, and sent to the penitentiary
while we were deliberating whether he was
properly suspended or not.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask one more question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose we had a bad Pres-
ident again in office who preferred to have the
offices tilled by dishonest men, would not the
Senator from Ohio think it better to have a
committee spend its whole time in examining
charges of misconduct falsely made rather than
to have a bad President clothed with the arbi-
trary power of dismissing good men and filling
their places with bad ones?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the question
of the Senator from Wisconsin a short time
hence.
What was the practical experience of the
Senate in regard to these suspension cases?
The result was that we did not and could not
determine them. There probably will be fro in
five hundred to five thousand removals during
the next year in the service of the United States
in the ordinary course of the business of this
count,ly. The number of officers of this Gov-
ernment has been stated in this body, I be-
lieve, to be about fifty-three thousand. The
number of those to whose appointment the con-
firmation of this body is required I should esti-
mate in round numbers at from five to twenty
thousand. I cannot come nearer than that.
We know there are great multitudes of them
whose appointments require the confirmation
of the Senate. If we have to remain here and
act upon all the cases of removal in order to
evade the second section of the tenure-of-office
law we put ourselves to a greatdeal of unneces-
sary trouble merely to evade one of our own
laws. If we adjourn, and leave the President
without any power to remove, and only the
power of suspension, his hands are effectually
tied. He cannot suspend a postmaster, or a
revenue officer, or any of this vast multitude
of officers, unless he is prepared upon satisfac-
tory evidence to make out a case of crime or
misconduct in office. It is practically impos-
sible thus to administer the Government.
Sir, when we come back here al the next
session of Congress we should have hundreds
of suspended officers to try, whde thousands
more of men who ought.not to be in office
would be retained because the Administration,
though morally convinced, could not make out
a case under the tenure-of-office act for their
suspension. That is the practical difficulty.
The purpose of this act was good ; the princi-
ple upon which it is founded is correct; the
necessity to control executive power was
urgent, but it is far too stringent when applied
in actual practice. There are other modes of
reaching the difficulties pointed out by the
Senator from Vermont, but the practical effect
of the act was often to keep bad men in office,
to divide the responsibility for their miscon-
duct, to enable the President of the United
States to shield himself from responsibility, and
to destroy the energy, efficiency, and unity
absolutely necessary in the executive adminis-
tration of various departments of the Govern-
ment. That was the practical effect.
Now, Mr. President, look at the actual re-
sult as we know it existed. It was the com-
mon practice for applicants for office to run
here to members of the Senate and say, " [
can get an appointment if I am sure of con-
firmation." There was not a member of the
Senate who was not pressed constantly by his
constituents to pass his judgment in advance
on the question of confirmation and before his
appointment—" I can get the appointment if
I am sure of confirmation," which reversed
the whole order of proceeding in filling the
offices of the Government. The Senate be-
came the appointing power; persons who were
seeking high office sought first the appoint-
ment of the Senate or Senators to be ratified
by Johnson and sent back to us as a matter of
form to be confirmed. That was the course
of business. Very many refused to make ap-
plications for office until they could give assur-
ance to the President that they could be con-
firmed. Then they prevailed upon him to
appoint them. The result was that many men
who had an acute sense of honor, who wished
to be free from all this kind of double compli-
cation, would not seek or accept office under
an Administration so hampered and controlled.
If the tenure-of-office law is not repealed
what will be the effect? 1 am here the only
Republican Senator from the State of Ohio,
containing three million people. You must
depend in a great measure upon the informa-
tion given to you by me as to local appoint-
ments in that State. From the nature of things
you cannot otherwise ascertain what are the
character and qualifications of assessors and
collectors and various other officers of the
State of Ohio ; even if you had the power to do
it you have not the will to enter into the in-
quiry. You must in most of these cases depend
upon the information I give you. If you wish
to inform yourself whether a person named for
an office is competent and deserving I can
ascertain aud state it upon my responsibility ;
but if you ask me whether the incumbent is
guilty or not guilty under the tenure-of office
act 1 cannot answer without a knowledge of
details only known to executive officers charged
with public trusts. They are the proper per-
sons to judge of removals and the cause of re-
movals ; we are the proper persons to judge of
the standing and character of persons appointed
to office.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire, if my friend
will allow me, if in case the tenure-of-office bill
be repealed that will silence him ? Will he not
give just as much advice about these appoint-
ments afterward as now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon the question of con-
firmation, yes. The duty of the Senate is to
advise and consent to appointments. The Con-
stitution confers on this body no power to re-
move. We consent to removals, we advise as
to confirmations. When a man is removed from
office and another name sent here we pass sim-
ply upon his qualifications and fitness for the
office, but the Constitution confers upon us no
power to proceed in the removal. That is
conferred only by the tenure-of-office act. No-
where else do we derive such a power. By the
tenure-of-office act the power of removal, as
well as the power of confirmation, is conferred
on the Senate; and I say with such a power
invested in the Senate it will be impossible to
avoid controversy and collision between the
executive power and the Senate. We shall
share in and finally monopolize the power of
the Executive over all the officers of the Gov-
ernment. . .
Senators must very easily draw distinction
between the power of removal and the power
of confirmation. Thepowerof confirmation is
a resulting power depending upon a previous
act of another officer of the Government; and
all we say in our act of confirmation is whether
or not the person named is a man fit to dis-
