1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
the removal of any officer of this Government
it is maintained by the Senatefor its own behalf.
The public judgment will say that, although we
are not nominally interested, yet by refusing
to join with the President and House of Rep-
resentatives in repealing this law we are main-
taining exceptional powers for ourselves—pow-
ers that were never conferred upon the Senate
until two years ago, and which were then con-
ferred for a special purpose. In my opinion
we ought to be careful that our judgment should
be impartial, and not be influenced by a love
of power.
The Senator from Vermont declaimed very
beautifully against the natural influence of the
love of power usurping and controlling the
judgment. Scarcely any man ever gives up
his own power over any subject, neither Sen-
ates, nor kings, nor emperors, nor Presidents
do it; and if this law is maintained longer on
the statute-book it is maintained to continue
our own power, an exceptional power, conferred
011 the Senate only two years ago.
Now, sir, the Senate of the United States is
strong enough in the powers conferred upon it.
by the Constitution to surrender this excep-
tional authority, and in my judgment it would
be wise now to do so. Here we are the rep-
resentatives of Stales, holding ouroffiees for a
longer period than any other officers of the
Government, except the judges of the United
States courts. We are elected not by the peo-
ple, but by the Legislatures of the States. We
share in one half of the legislative authority of
this Government. We are judges over all offi-
cers in the trial of impeachments. We par-
ticipate with the Executive in the power of
appointing to office, also in the power to make
treaties. I ask if all these great powevs are
not sufficient for the ambition of any Senate,
rather than to desire to maintain and hold on
to a power that was conferred upon them under
exceptional circumstances and of which now
there is no use or reason.
Some allusion has been made to the opinion
of General Grant. I do not think it ought to
be referred to. Whether General Grant is in
favor of the repeal of this law or against it is
a matter with which we have nothing to do.
General Grant has nothing to do with us, and
we need have nothing to do with him. He
does not control our election; he does not
control us, and has no power over us except
that he is the head of the party to which we
belong. Now, sir, the question is whether we
are willing to put him on the same footing all
Presidents of the United States have been from
the time of Washington down until Andrew
Johnson deserted and abandoned the party
that brought him into power. But now, when
we appeal to the Senate to yield to him the
same power of removal that has been exercised
by Washing! on and every President from Wash-
ington down to Johnson, we arc referred to
old manuscripts that have never been printed
before; wo are referred to the debates of
Webster and Clay and Calhoun, &e.
What is the secret of the whole of it? Why,
sir, during Washington's administration the
anti-Federalists were opposed to Washington
and opposed to his appointing power; and the
gentleman whose manuscript was read here
was one of the anti-Federalist, Jeffersonian
Democrats. They opposed conferring upon
Washington the power to remove the Secretary
of State. After Washington's administration
expired, and John Adams served his fitful four
vears with a majority much of the time in both
Houses against him, where were those gentle-
men then with their notions about the power
of the President and the power of removal ? In
the time of Jefferson and Madison and Monroe
where were those gentlemen who were afraid
of executive authority ? Did they propose to
repeal any of the laws passed in the time of
Washington? Not at all. The very gentleman
whose manuscript was read yesterday served
as a Senator of the United States, if I remem-
ber aright, according to the information I have,
down to the time of Jefferson, when both Houses
of Congress "were in favor of the then Demo-
cratic party. Why did he not then make a
movement to repeal these laws ? In the time
of J olm Quincy Adams Mr. Benton made a
speech which has been read. Why did not Mr.
Benton make that speech when the Democratic
party was in a majority in both Houses of Con-
gress and Andrew Jackson was President of
the United States? He did not do it at that
time. Then John C. Calhoun, who had quar-
reled with Andrew Jackson, took up the ban-
ner of Benton and made Benton's speech over
again, and Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay joined in.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Benton submitted the
same views during Jackson's administration.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then that was an excep-
tional case. If there was so much danger of
this executive power why did not the Demo-
cratic party, with a large majority in both
Houses and with a President on their side, re-
peal these old laws which conferred upon the
President the power of removal? It always
has been so, and it always will be so. Not-
withstanding all that will be written and said,
the ins will try to limit the power of the outs,
and the outs will try to limit the power of the
ins. There is no doubt about it. When the
Democrats are in power the Republicans seek
to limit their power. When the Republicans
are in power the Democrats on the other hand
seek to limit their power. So it has been in
all times ; and I do not think we are any wiser
or better than our fathers, and probably no
worse.
Now, it seems to me as we are about starting
out with a new Administration, as a man is in
possession of the executive authority who has
the general confidence of the country, we ought
to give to him those powers of his great office
which have been exercised by all his predeces-
sors and repeal this tenure-of-office law. If
any restraints are necessary then to limit the
power of the Executive we can pass those
laws with the assent of the President of the
United States. Bat, sir, under the law as it
now stands, he cannot exercise the powers of
his office without keeping the Senate here in
constant session, and thus keeping up an excite-
ment in the country that in my opinion would
be unjust and unnecessary. If you suspend
this law for one year you acknowledge that the
law is wrong, and you declare that while you
are willing to relieve General Grant from the
operation of the law you will keep it as the
withe to tie up any other Administration that
the people of the United States hereafter elect
to office. I am not willing to occupy that
position. I believe it would be better for us,
therefore, to repeal unconditionally this law,
and leave to the wisdom of Congress to make
such laws and regulations governing the power
of removal from time to time as may be neces-
sary to protect honest men in the honest dis-
charge of their duties. There is nothing either
in the character of General Grant or in the
signs of the times to convince you or any man
that General Grant will not heartily approve
and assent to any law of that kind that will
meet the assent o£ both Houses of Congress.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President. I am inclined,
even at this late stage of the debate, to give a
few of the reasons why I am in favor of the
repeal of this law. If, however, the substitute
or the amendment which was offered by the
I Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer] comes
to a vote I shall sustain it for the reason that it
removes one of the strongest arguments which
existed in the first place for the passage of the
law. It will require the President within ten
days after the commencement of a session to
send in the name of any person that he may
■ have appointed during the interim between the
! sessions of Congress. Before the passage of
the tenure-of-office act he had until the end of
the next subsequent session in which to send
in those names. That was, as I believe, one of
the strongest arguments brought forward in
favor of the passage of the tenure-of-office law.
That law, in the first place, sprang out of a
stringent, necessity. The circumstances which
called it into being were peculiar. The people
of the United States prior to that time bad
elected a President and Vice President to carry
out certain principles. They were intrusted
with the care of a particular policy; and it
became their duty to perfect the wishes of the
people as manifested lay their election and by
the adoption of the platform on which they
were elected. Abraham Lincoln and Andrew
Johnson were elected to the two highest offices
in the country. By an unfortunate calamity
Abraham Lincoln was taken from the presi-
dential chair and was succeeded by Andrew
Johnson. It was supposed by the vast majority
of the people, by those who voted for those
two individuals that they agreed in sentiment,
and that they agreed with those who supported
them. Soon after the accession of Mr. John-
son to the Presidency it began to be manifest
that he disagreed with those who elected him
to the position which he occupied, and it be-
came necessary that something should be done
to prevent the thwarting of the will of the peo-
ple. This tenure-of-office law was resorted to
for the purpose of preventing the subversion
of the will and wish of those people of the
United States who had succeeded in the elec-
tion. I therefore disagree with some Senators,
and I always disagree with them reluctantly,
that this was an improper law when it was
passed, or that it was not called for. It has,
however, worked out its end. It did prevent
Mr. Johnson by his recreancy from perverting:
the will of the American people.
But there seems to be some sensitiveness-
on the part of Senators against repealing a.
law which they participated in enacting. I do
not really appreciate this sensitiveness. I do-
not know why it should exist; for nothing is
more common than the repeal of laws ; nothing
is more common than the passage of laws to
meet emergencies that arise. That, if I under-
stand it, is the duty of Senators and Repre-
sentatives—to modify the laws as circumstances
may demand, and to pass new laws when they
are required. Our statute-books are full of
laws that have been repealed, obsolete laws,
laws which have worked out their end, and
we are constantly making laws for new pur;
poses ; and I do not see why, if a law even of
this nature has worked out the end that was
intended by those who made it, it should not
be repealed or be made obsolete.
Mr. President, I am of the opinion that the
people desire the repeal of this law ; and I dis-
agree with my distinguished friend from Ohio
[Mr. Siiebman] that we are to disregard the
will of the people. It is our business here,
and as I believe our first duty, to look to the
will of the people as it has been manifested
touching any particular case, always reserving,
of course, our individual judgments where they
may come in conflict with what appear to be
the wishes of a majority of the people.^ A\'e
have a pretty fair expression of the wisli of
the people touching this proposed repeal, as
has been said, by the action of that branch of
the national legislature that is more directly
connected with the people.
There are some other reasons why the ten-
ure-of-office law should not be left in force upon
the statute-book ; there are other reasons why
there should be a change in an office which are
not manifest to every one at the time. The
President may have good reasons why there
should be a change in a particular office, and
have in his own mind the best possible mo-
tives for a removal, and yet not be able to
make them known to the Senate ; and, indeed,
they might not be grounds such as are specified
in the tenure-of-office law. There may be the
reason that the party is incompetent to dis-
charge the duties oi' that office. That is not
one of those that are mentioned in the tenure-
of-office law. There may be neglect of duty ;
there may be dishonesty. These objections
which may exist against an officer may he well
known to the President of the United States,
and yet he may not be able at the time to
allege them. It, is well known that everybody
has a reluctance of being an informer upou
another person or an officer. It is a distaste-
ful duty at best. Information may be conveyed
