112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
to the President of the incompetency, the neg'
ligence, or the dishonesty of an officer by a
person in confidence, and the fact may be as
well known to him as if it were put before him
in the form of affidavits or by proclamation no
matter how public, and yet he could not state
that faet to the Seriate.
Mr. President, the elections generally settle
the policy of the country. I concede that the
President should not be invested with power
to thtosrt the will of the people as expressed in
the elections. It is to be presumed that the
legislative branch of the Government at any
time will be able to defend the .Government
against the encroachments of the executive
department. They found the means of doing
that under the last Administration by the enact-
ment of the tenure-of-office law, and in that
way thwarted the bad purposes of the then
Exeeutivfe to a very great extent. They will
always have the means at their command, as
by the witnholding of appropriations and by
various devices that may be resorted to, to pre-
vent the President from acting contrary to the
wish and will of the people.
But the necessity for the repeal of this law
is that the President may at any time remove
ftom office persons whom he may know to be
unfit to occupy those places ; and it may be
the bounden duty of the President, in order to
carry out a policy he is expected to carry out
by the election that placed him in authority,
to remove an officer. He may be under the
strongest possible obligation to do this.
I bold that if a person disagrees with him in
his political sentiments it is his duty to remove
that person. He was, as I have said, elected
to carry out a certain policy, to make perma-
nent certain principles. If he is intrusted with
the duty of carrying out that policy and estab-
lishing those, principles it must be done by
agents who are in harmony and in sympathy
with those principles and that policy. It is
absurd to expect that the Executive of the
United States can carry out the principles upon
which he was elected, the principles which the
people desire to be carried out, through the
agency of persons who disagree with him and
who do not believe in those principles, and who
would in every manner thwart that policy.
I do not intend to refer to the opinions of
the President or to the opinions of any Sen-
ators or other persons touching this subject.
My own views of the case are sufficient to
guide my action. I believe that this law should
be repealed, because it has wrought out the
ends for which it was enacted, and its subse-
quent operation can only be mischievous.
Mr. CARPENTBK. Mr. President, it is
doubtless owing to my inexperience in legisla-
tive discussions that I am somewhat surprised
and not a little bewildered at the range this
discussion has taken. The question before the
Senate involves the construction of those pro-
visions of the Constitution which regulate the
distribution of powers among the several de-
partments of the Government. This is a dry
and purely legal question ; and how our admi-
ration of the present incumbent of the presi-
dential office can influence our judgment upon
this subject I am wholly unable to perceive.
I listened with great pleasure to the speech
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Yates,] and fully assented to the rounded
periods of glowing praise which he poured
upon the President. But what bearing that por-
tion of the Senator's speech had upon the ques-
tion before the Senate is past my comprehen-
sion. Whether the President at a given period
happened to be a good or a bad man cannot
change the extent of the powers conferred
upon him by the Constitution. If that instru-
ment vests the power of removal in the Presi-
dent of the United States without and even
against the advice and consent of the Senate,
then Congress cannot restrict that power. If,
on the other hand, such power be not vested
in the President alone, but in the President
and Senate acting concurrently, then no matter
£fkJ£re?r Patriotic he may be who happens
to Be Fresideut he cannot exercise such power
alone without violating the Constitution he has
sworn to support; nor can Congress by law
transfer to the President the power of the
Senate over this subject.
The fact that the people by overwhelming
majorities have filled the office of President
and the Halls of Congress with men cherishing
the same political opinions and devoted to the
same governmental faith makes this a fitting
occasion for fixing great principles upon an
immovable foundation. If the President hap-
pened to-day to be opposed to the views enter-
tained by Congress, and was disposing of execu-
tive patronage to defeat the laws which we
enact, it might be necessary for Congress to
lift up its voice to restrain the President within
the exact limits fixed by the Constitution; but
it is obvious that such would be an unfortunate
occasion for Congress to interfere, because its
action might be suspected of springing from
jealousy of power. But the men who now
occupy seats in this body have labored to their
utmost to elect the present President. IN1 o dis-
turbance has occurred to shake the confidence
which we all entertain in him or interrupt the
friendly relations which should ever exist be-
tween those who fill two departments of the
Government. The President and Congress not
only entertain the same opinions, but have the
same interests and ends in view. This, there-
fore, is a time above all others for calm dis-
cussion and unbiased judgment upon a great
principle which must affect us and our children
for many generations. But for the allusions
which have.been made to matters personal by
tho^e who oppose the recommendation of the
committee I should have made 110 allusion to
the present President; but as our report has
been branded as evidence of our distrust of
him, it is proper for me to say that no man
entertains more unbounded confidence in the
present President than I do, and no man has a
firmer faith than I have that he will exercise
the high and delicate duties of his office with
ability and integrity, and that for the next four
years Congress and the President will walk
hand in hand and take sweet counsel together.
But the question before the Senate remains to
be considered.
There are a few maxims so obvious and
elementary that they are frequently overlooked
in constitutional discussions. Among these
are, that the Government of the United States
and its several officers and departments possess
only such powers as are conferred in express
words or result by necessary implication from
express words of grant in the Constitution ;
that if circumstances arise in administering
the Government showing the need of some
power not granted that would be good cause
for amending the Constitution. But the dis-
covery of the need does not grant the power.
The remedy is by amendment which the Con-
stitution itself contemplates and provides for.
If any officer could usurp or assume necessary
power he would be, upon every legal principle,
the exclusive judge of the necessity, and thus
become the people's master, while by the theory
of the Constitution lie must remain their ser-
vant. In the light of these principles we must
search the Constitution for the power of re-
moval from office.
In determining the powers of the President
the Constitution provides that he shall nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,'' &c.,
" and all other officers of the United States
whose appointments are not" otherwise pro-
vided for in the Constitution, and which shall
be established by law.
This clause contemplates two distinct things:
first, the nomination; second, the appoint-
ment. The nomination is to be made by the
President alone; the appointment is to bo
made by the President, but he can make it
only "by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate."
The Constitution makes no provision in ex-
press words for removals from office. But
when an individual is constitutionally appointed
to perform the duties of an office already filled
by another the appointment must have the
effect to remove that other. Therefore the
power of removal, being an incident of the
power of appointment,necessarily resides where
the power of appointment is vested. In other
words, the removal is part of the power of ap-
pointment, being the necessary result of the
appointment; and this power is by express
words conferred upon the President and the
Senate jointly. If the Senate were always in
session it is presumed thatr.o one would claim
for the President alone the power of removal.
No one believes that the Constitution contem-
plated that the officers of the United States
generally should hold their offices during life
or good behavior. The provision in the Con-
stitution that the judges should so hold excludes
the idea that other officers were to do so. It
cannot be supposed, therefore, that so import-
ant a subject as the power of removal should
have escaped the attention of the framers of
the Constitution ; and if not, then it must have
been regarded as embraced in the power of
appointment, which was fully regulated by the
Constitution and vested in the President and
the Senate. It cannot be maintained, in the
absence of any constitutional provision to that
effect, that in the vacation of the Senate its
powers may be exercised by the President. On
the contrary, the President is expressly author-
ized to call an extra session of the Senate at
any time.
From these premises, that a removal can
only be made by means of an appointment,
that no appointment, can be made except by
the President and Senate acting concurrently,
and that the Senate can only act in legal ses-
sion, it follows by logical necessity that no con-
stitutional removal can be made in the vacation
of the Senate.
This conclusion is greatly strengthened by
another provision of the Constitution which
immediately follows that above quoted :
"The President shal! have power to fill up ail
vacancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
It was known of course to the framers of the
Constitution that the Senate would not alwavs
be in session ; and this case is provided for by
the Constitution as far as it was intended to
provide for it by the provision last quoted. The
Constitution bears marks in every sentence of
care and reflection. Our fathers not only
thought accurately, but they possessed the rare
gift of accurate expression. And the difference
of phraseology in these two provisions standing
together in the Constitution is entitled to great
weight in this discussion. It was before pro-
vided^ how all appointments should be made,
namely, by the President and the Senate; and
had the Constitution been intended to make
the vacation of the Senate an exception, and
m that case give the power of appointment to
the President, it would have been easy to ex-
press that intention. But such power is not
given in this exceptional case. Recognizing
the fact that vacancies might occur during the
recess of the Senate by resignation or death,
provision is made for that contingency by
authorizing the President not to appoint but to
nil up the vacancy which may happen by com-
mission to expire at a fixed period.
Considering these separate provisions, one
applying to the session and the other to the
recess of the Senate, and providing for the first
the power of appointment, which includes the
power of removal, and m the second giving
only a power to fill a vacancy which may hap-
pen, or in other words provide for the contin-
gency of resignation or death by a temporary
commission, the power of the President to
create a vacancy by exercising a constitutional
prerogative of appointment is excluded by-
necessary inference.
The other view of this subject, that the sub-
ject of removals is wholly omitted in the Con-
stitution, and therefore Congress has control
of it, is enforced by Mr. Calhoun in an argu-
ment so clear and strong that I will send to the
Clerk to be read a single extract.
