ii6
THE GOlT&ElSSrONAL GLOB!
March 1*,
Representative to Congress at the time of the elec-
tion, and whose disability shall not have been re-
moved by act of Congress.
Mr. BURR. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PAINE. Does the gentleman object to
its reference to the Committee of Elections?
Mr. BURR. Yes, sir.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back without amend-
ment the bill (H. E. No. 123) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
"for the year ending June 30, 1870, and moved
that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, made the
order of the day for to-morrow immediately
after the morning hour and from day to day
until disposed of, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD and Mr. HOLMAN re-
served points of order on the bill.
OMISSIONS IN APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. DAWES, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution (H. B. No. 30) to
supply omissions in the enrollment of certain
appropriation acts approved March 3, 1869;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the following items omitted in the enroll-
ment of the appropriation acts approved
March 3, 1869, shall be, and the same are
hereby, made valid portions of the acts from
which they were omitted, namely: in the act
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 80, 1870, after
the proviso to the paragraph commencing
"for salaries and expenses of collectors, as-
sessors, assistant assessors, revenue agents,"
&c., insert:
Provided further, That after the passage of this act
the proprietors of all bonded warehouses shall reim-
burse to the United States the expenses and salary
of all storekeepers or other officers in charge of such
warehouses, and the same shall be paid into the
Treasury and accounted for like other public money.
In the act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses, under the heading "Public buildings
and grounds,'' after the item '1 for pay of lamp •
lighters, gas-fitting," &c., insert:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House
and the public grounds around them and around the
executive offices, $30,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
It is that if that joint resolution is regularly
before the House the first item is not in order,
being independent legislation on an appropria-
tion bill. I shall object to the consideration
of the joint resolution in the House. I sug-
gest that it be considered in the House as in
Committee of the Whole, and subject to the
same rules.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that
or to the House resolving itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The joint resolution is merely to make a cor-
rection, and I did not deem it worth while to
go through the forms. I did not suppose that
any gentleman, after having been satisfied, as
it was highly proper they should be, that it
was actually a mistake, would object to the
correction of the mistake.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to the
consideration of the joint resolution in the
House as in Committee of the Whole under
the five-minutes rule.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the joint resolution will be so considered. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve a point
of order on the first item of the bill.
-.Mr. DAWES. I will say in regard to this
joint.resolution that the Committee on Appro-
priations have had before them the reports of
the committees of conference on the two bills
from which these items have fallen out, and
from them it appears that the first of these
items was an amendment inserted in the bill
by the Senate and disagreed to by the House,
and which was finally agreed to by the com-
mittee of conference whose report was adopted
by the House. It was omitted by accident in
the enrollment of the bill because of the neces-
sity in the press of business in the last hours
of the session to employ extra and inexpe-
rienced help in enrolling the bill. The other
item was an item which passed both Houses
and was not the subject of conference; but
owing to its peculiar position in reference to
certain provisos when the bill came to be en- ,
rolled it was omitted by mistake. The com- j
mittee did not feel themselves called upon or '
authorized to go into the merits of these two t
provisions as an original question before the j
House. They felt that the action of the two ,
Houses was equivalent to passing them into j
law, although the form of law in the manner
prescribed was wanting. Therefore the com-
mittee did not examine into the merits of this j
case as an original question, but felt themselves .
called upon to report back this jointresolution
merely to correct a mistake in a matter upon ,
which both Houses of the last Congress were
agreed. ,
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] ;
desires to oppose upon its merits the first "cor- j
rection proposed by this joint resolution. 1 ;
yield the floor to him for that purpose. j
Mr. BECK. The chairman of the "Commit- j
tee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] has stated .
correctly the position of the proposed amend- j
ments, the first of which I particularly allude I
to now, charging the owners of bonded ware- j
houses with the payment of the storekeepers, j
I understand this to be the fact, that the Com- j
mittee of Ways and Means purposely required j
that the storekeepers should be paid by the :
Government. I ask the attention of the ehair- |
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. |
Suhexck] to that fact. ;
The amendment or proposition now submit-
ted to the House for its consideration is to
require the keepers or owners of bonded ware-
houses to pay the salaries of the storekeepers.
That proposition was agreed to by the commit-
tee of conference of the two Houses of the last
Congress, but it is not now the law because it
was omitted in the enrollment of the bill. I
hold that it never ought to have been ineorpo- i
rated in the bill by the committee of conference, •
because the Committee of Ways and Means j
inpreparingtheirbill upon the subject expressly j
provided that the Government should pay the j
storekeepers. The persons who under that
law established bonded warehouses and setup I
distilleries did so under a contracrt with the i
Government that the storekeepers should be I
paid by the Government. It is now proposed
to violate that contract and to require these
men to pay each the sum of 81,200 a year,
which the Government by its contract with them
agreed to pay. and to make these persons pay
§1,500,000, which by the terms of the contract
the Government itself agreed to pay.
The Committee of Ways and Means delib-
erately and carefully determined that it was
not right that the owners of bonded warehouses
should pay the storekeepers which the Gov-
ernment put there, but that the Government
employing the officers should pay them. But
the committee of conference upon the appro-
priation bill, in a report perhaps which was
never read, undertook to set aside the agree-
ment which the Government had made to pay
these men, and to require these manufacturers
to pay each the sum of $1,200 a year, or in
the aggregate $1,500,000, which the Govern-
ment had agreed to pay. Now, while that waa
left out of the appropriation bill by mistake,
still I hold that if this House has control over
the matter now as an original proposition, as I
suppose it has—for it is not now the law, and the
Forty-First Congress can consider it just as
though it was an original proposition—then
these people should not be required to pay this
additional tax, for it would be a gross violation
of the contract which the Government entered
into with them, as much so as if it now charged
them $1,200 a year more than it agreed they
should be required to pay when it made the
contract with them. The Committee on Ap-
propriations did not think they had the right
to withhold this joint resolution, or even to
pass upon the merits of it as an original prop-
osition. It is accordingly presented to the
House, and the simple question is whether the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means
shall be overthrown and these men be required
to pay what the Government itself undertook
to pay, and which if the Government had not
agreed to pay it might have prevented these
men from entering into this business at all.
That is my objection to this joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 must insist upon my
point of order. Before doing so, I desire to
say that if this had been a mistake in a bill
which the House had considered deliberately
I certainly should not insist upon my point of
order. But this measure never was consid-
ered in the House. As every gentleman know^,
it was impossible to consider or understand the
report of the committee of conference. I my-
self never heard the provision read until this
morning : and 1 was not out of the House dur-
ing the time the original bill or the report of
the committee of conference upon it was under
consideration. My point of order is that this
is independent legislation and not in order
upon an appropriation bill.
Mr. BU i'LER, of Massachusetts. As this
matter arose in the report of the committee
of conference, of which I had charge, I desire
to state to the House the exact merits of the
case and then await the action of the House
upon it. In reference to all the bonded ware-
houses for external commerce and for external
revenue the expenses are paid by the mer-
chants and the parties using them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the Chair to
rule upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER. Were this an original
appropriation bill the Chair would sustain the
point of order; but this is merely a joint
resolution to correct an acknowledged and
admitted error in the enrolling of a bill which
passed both Houses of the ljst Congress. The
Chair therefore overrules the point of order.
Mr. DAWES. Besides, it is too late to raise
the point. This matter was considered in the
House a day or two since.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, sir,
the expenses of the internal revenue bonded
warehouses, which are maintained for the benefit
of the whisky and tobacco interests alone, have
all been paid by the United States. The con-
sequence has been that three such warehouses
have been established and kept up where but
one was needed, so that there are bonded ware-
houses with the expenses of rent, storekeep-
ers, &c., without any special use for them.
Now, is it just to tax the whole people of the
United States for the benefit of two particular
branches of business? This is not a small
matter. At the present time the cost to the
Treasury of the United States for sustaining
these bonded warehouses is about one million
five hundred thousand dollars.
This proviso, which by an accident to which
I shall refer in a moment was dropped from
the appropriation bill, was considered by tin-
Senate, was recommended by the oilieers of
the Treasury as calculated to remedy a serious
wrong upon the Treasury, and was agreed to
unanimously in the committee of conference.
At three o'clock in the morning that provision
was the law of the land, so far as both Houses
of Congress could make it such. It had been
passed by both Houses under all the forms of
law, but as it proposed to take $1,500,090 out
of the whisky ring and putit into theTreasury
of the United States of course it dropped out
in the enrollment. Of course it was overlooked
in the enrollment, although it stands as fair on
the page as though it were printed in letters of
living light. I do not know who is to blame.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Does the
gentleman mean to charge that there was an
