1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
intentional wrong in leaving out this clause or
section ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, on this question I am in pretty much
the position in which the fool told the miller
he was. He said he knew the miller's hogs
were always fat, but he did not know on whose
corn they were fattened. I mean to say that
here was a whole section engrossed at full
length in a bill; it was not a rider; it appeared
full and complete on the page of the engrossed
bill, and so appearing, as it can be seen now,
it dropped out that night and no notice was
taken of it.
Mr. WASHBURN,^ of Wisconsin. This
seems to be a very serious matter. If an en-
rolling clerk has been guilty of the offense of
omitting intentionally a provision passed by
both Houses the fact ought to be known, and
I hope my friend from Massachusetts will take
the means to have it made known.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 do not
know who is responsible; I state the facts.
Fifteen hundred thousand dollars were to be
saved to the Treasury of the United States;
$1,500,000 were to be paid by the whisky deal-
ers ; and an accident happened to that provis-
ion. This is an accident the effects of which
must be remedied. Such accidents, I am in-
formed, have happened over and over again in
former Congresses. I do not think it is proper
to discuss the merits of this provision now.
This is merely a resolution to make the law
what the House and the Senate intended to
make the law; but by either an accident or a
blunder or something worse the provision has
failed to be inserted in the law. The question
is now whether under these circumstances the
House will go into a discussion of the original
question for the purpose of indorsing the blun-
der, the accident, or whatever else it was by
which the provision was dropped.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, until a few
minutes ago I was not aware that this subject
was under discussion here ; and it is new to
me in every sense. I did not know that any
provision of this kind had been inserted in an
appropriation bill. I do not believe the House
knew it. There is perhaps no better time than
now, in the beginning of the Forty-First Con-
gress, to ascertain what is the sense of the House
of Representatives as to the system of legislat-
ing upon all matters of a general character by
provisions thrust into appropriation bills. But
before speaking of the proposition before the
House upon its merits I desire, in behalf of a
very worthy officer of this House, to make for
him an explanation as to his conduct with refer-
ence to this matter. The principal enrolling
clerk of this House informs me that he with
others was for forty consecutive hours engaged
in enrolling long appropriation bills and other
matters ; that while the clerks were in this
state of complete exhaustion there came to
them a report of a committee of conference,
from which, following the several items, they
were to make up the general enrollment of this
bill; that this report was so written or so
arranged as to present the items somewhat con-
fusedly ; that in this way some items were over-
looked, and were thus accidentally dropped.
Now, sir, I never knew that there was any-
thing of that kind or of any other kind omitted
from the bill until advised of it by the action
of this House. I undertake to say, from my
knowledge of the character and ability of one
of the enrolling clerks of this House who gives
me this information, that he is as incapable of
having left out with design anything properly
to be inserted in a bill while preparing it for
signature as any member on this floor; I do
not care who he is.
So much for that. Now I take this oppor-
tunity to protest against all this kind of legisla-
tion in appropriation bills. Early in the last
session we came to understand that there was
nothing to be done but to pass appropriation
bills; that nothing else was public business.
We very soon, as a consequence of that, came
to understand that in all the appropriation bills
there were to be inserted, and in the most
unprecedented manner there were inserted—
though often ruled out by points of order—gen-
eral acts of legislation in regard to a good many
matters. It seems to me, therefore, that there
is no fitter opportunity than now to call the
attention of the House to that fact in order to
ascertain whether we are to go on with general
legislation in appropriation bills interfering
with all other legislation.
Now, sir, I did not know that there was any-
thing of this kind in any bill; but now that I
come to look at it and see what it is let me
call the attention of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bctlek] and the House to its
character. An old and vicious system pre-
vailed of having distillers virtually own the
inspectors of distilleries. They paid their per
diem, they were assigned to them for duty, and
it was found as a consequence that soul and
body these officials became virtually owned by
the distillers. Among the reforms introduced
in general legislation reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was a provision,
which became a law, that these men should be
officers of the Government,with all the respons-
ibilities of officers, liable to removal, liable to
punishment, paid by the Government, and kept
under the supervision of the Government au-
thorities of the proper Department. In order
to that it is necessary to give salaries to these
agents of the Government, now called store-
keepers, and to make them officers of the Gov-
ernment, and not mere agents and tools of the
distillers. This resolution provides that—
After the passage of this act the proprietors of all
bonded warehouses shall reimburse to the United
States the expenses and salary of all storekeepers
and other officers in charge of such warehouses, and
the same shall be paid into the Treasury and ac-
counted for like other public money.
What would that result in? Why, that every
man owning a bonded warehouse as a distiller
or otherwise would have to pay the salary of
the storekeeper set there to watch over him,
and you would have a renewal of the old vicious
system by which the storekeeper depended
upon the favor of the distiller or of the owner
of the warehouse.
We have undertaken to tax distilled spirits
and tobacco. The law applies as well to
tobacco warehouses as to others. We have
imposed what was estimated a sufficiently heavy
tax within the power of the Government to
collect. There is a specific tax on the article
itself, and there is a special tax upon the busi-
ness of the distillery, the total tax amounting
now to seventy-six cents per gallon ; and we
have a tax of from sixteen to thirty two cents
per pound on tobacco. It is proposed now in
addition to this amount ot taxation to make
every owner of a bonded warehouse pay all
the expenses of the storekeepers, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts says that is ren-
dered necessary by the fact that since that law
was passed making them paid by the Govern-
ment there has been an increase of three to
one of these bonded warehouses. I want to
tell the gentleman that there is not one where
there were five before. Under the law they
have been diminished very largely in number,
and are being so reduced that there will soon
remain only one at each of the distilleries with
the approval of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I vield to my colleague.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ There
was no man to be blamed or to be praised in
this House for this being omitted in the appro-
priation bill. It was put in in the Senate and
was there discussed. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, in his zeal that
the whisky dealer shall not pay this tax, has
overlooked the Senate amendment. It is not
that the whisky dealer shall pay the salary. It
is not that the whisky dealer shall choose the
officer. It is not that the officer shall not be
an officer of the United States. But it is that
the whisky dealer shall reimburse the United
States-for what it pays out, The officer is the
officer of the United States; he receives his
salary from the United States; and then the
whisky dealer is to reimburse the United States
for the expense of the bonded warehouse which
is kept up for the benefit of the distiller.
Now, then, I hold in my hand the amend-
ments of the Senate, and I wish the House
could see as I can see what was dropped out.
It is written on broad lines and underscored
with heavy black lines, as you may see. Now,
I do not know at all by whom it was done ; I
have no means of knowing. I have made no
charge upon any individual. I do hot know
but the enrolling clerk of the House is as
honest as the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and that is as high a compli
ment, I suppose, as I could pay him. I know
nothing of him. I only know tbat an amend-
ment written plainly, written distinctly, written
clearly on the broadest possible page of amend-
ments, an amendment of four lines which
takes $1,500,000 out of the Treasury and gives
it to the whisky ring, has been dropped out.
Now, I do not care where the legislation came
from, and it is only an argument to the preju-
dice to say that it ought not to be in an appro-
priation bill. I did not put it there. It was
put there at the request of the Treasury offi-
cials. They could have no earthly interest in
asking that it should be put here, because they
were just going out of office. It was put in by
the wisdom of the Senate. It was assented to
unanimously by the conference committee of
the two Houses, and it passed the House. And
now I observe that it is attacked first by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways andMeans
—first not in tune, but position—secondly, it
is attacked on a point of order by the chairman
of the Committee on Enrolled Bills, whose duty
it was to see that the billwas correctly enrolled;
and thirdly, it is attacked by niv very good
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who repre-
sents one of the largest distilling districls in
the United States. And I seem to stand here
alone for it. I only stand for the integrity of
the law and for the Treasury of the United
States. It is not that the whisky dealer shall
appoint the officer ; it is not that he shall pay
the salary, but that he shall reimburse the
United States for what it has lost by giving him
the privilege of carrying on his trade exactly as
the merchant importing does.
One word further. I did not state to the
House that the warehouses had increased. I
simply said that three of them were kept where
one was wanted; and there is a tobacco ware-
house, as 1 am informed, where there are only
six hundred pounds stored which is costing the
Government of the United States $2,500 in
rent and the salary of the officer in charge and
other necessary expenses. I have stated to
the House the reasons why this amendment
was passed and the way it failed to become a
law. 1 have stated to the House also the evils
that were to be remedied. I have done my
duty. I have neither interest in it nor care
for it.
Mr. Niblack obtained the floor.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that I did not know
this provision was in the bill ; I did not know
it had been left out; I never heard of it until
my attention was called to it as a member of
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
believed that the gentleman did anything that
a gentleman and a man of honor should not
do. I only say he is representing his con-
stituents.
Mr. NIBLACK. I yield the remainder of
my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SCHENCK.]
Mr. SCIIEXCK. There is a preliminary
question herewhethersomegreatfraudhas been
committed on the House and the country by
somebody, either the chairman of the enrolling
committee orone of the enrolling clerks of the
House, or somebody else, in dropping from the
bill what was intended to be a part of it when
it passed at the last session. It seems to me
it would be better if the gentleman would make
his charge specific against somebody if he can.
