1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I desire simply
at this time, in discussing the merits of this res-
olution, to say a word on the question ofthees-
tegrity of the enrolling clerks. I do not desire
that the attention of the House should be drawn
away upon this side issue. The Committee on
Appropriations, to whom this resolution was re-
ferred, had occasion to look into this matter, and
they found no occasion to intimate in the House
any lack of integrity on the part of any officer
of the House connected with this matter of the
dropping of these words from the appropria-
tion bill. However this may be—and we did
not desire to have the question of the merits
involved in this question—I think if gentlemen
will look at the report of the committee of con-
ference they will see how natural it was that
such a mistake should be made in the pressure
of business when the services of inexperienced
enrolling clerks were necessarily required in
the last hours of the session. This was the
thirty-second amendment. The thirty-first was
agreed to by the House with a proviso ; that
is, to strike out certain words and insert a pro-
viso. That immediately preceded this proviso.
When the enrolling clerk came to write in that
proviso it was very natural for him to infer
that it was to take the place of this proviso,
whereas it was intended by the committee
of conference that there should be two pro-
visos, one after the other. I apprehend that
that is the real cause of the blunder, and that
is consistent with the integrity of the enrolling
clerks This much is due to these officers of
the House from the Committee 011 Appropri-
ations. Nothing appeared before them to
impugn the integrity of those ofiicers. This
explanation was made to the committee, and it
seemed so natural a mistake that we had 110
occasion to suspect anything wrong.
I do not share the indignation of my col-
league upon this question. The only question
before the House, it seems to me, upon this
report is whether it is proper to correct this
mistake, however it may have happened, by the
enrolling clerk. At the close of the debate,
if under the rules I may be permitted to dis-
cuss the resolution upon its merits. I desire to
address the House. But at this time my desire
is simply to express the views of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations upon this mistake that
has occurred.
Mr. KNOTT. I move to strike out the last
"word, for the purpose of making a reinaik or
two. It cannot but be remembered by a great
many gentlemen 011 this iloor that, a very short
time ago the House of Representatives of the
Fortieth Congress resolved, with a singular
degree of unanimity, that they were opposed to
a repudiation of (he plighted faith of the Uni-
ted States undei any circumstances whatever.
Yet thequestion now before the House involves
that plighted faith. The Government of the
United Stales, by the law passed last July,
proposed to each distiller who intended to
prosecute that business that, he might enjoy
the privilege of manufacturing spirits provided
he would pay taxes amounting in the aggre-
gate to about seventy-six cents 011 each gallon.
To insure the faithful performance on his part
we required him to enter into a bond; and to
make assurance doubly sure, and to prevent
any kind of fraud, we said to him, " We will
place an overseer over vou. We will put at
the door of your warehouse a Government spy,
who shall take care that for every gallon of
whisky you manufacture you shall put into the
Treasury seventy-six cents. These are our
officers, and for their services we will pay them
ourselves.'' That is the agreement under
which these distillers went into the business.
They have gone on and erected warehouses
and distilleries, conforming to the law, with
the understanding that they were not to be
taxed for the compensation of the overseers
we placed at the doors of their warehouses*.
Now, after having entered into this contract,
after having subjected these men to the ex-
pense which they must necessarily have in-
curred, we propose to repudiate the agree-
ment and say to them, "You must pay the
expense of these spies that we place over your
business." In other words, we promised that
their tax should be only seventy-six cents per
gallon ; but now, after we have put them to
this expense and got them into the business, we
■propose to increase the tax by imposing upon
them an expense of $1,200 a year in addition.
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
if this provision inserted by the Senate is left
out of the bill it will take from the Treasury
$1,500,000. Insert it there and you take from
the pockets of the manufacturers of this coun-
try §1,500,000, and you take it from their
pockcts in violation of your contract with
them and in violation of the plighted faith of
the country. Now, then, I ask those gentle-
men who were so ready to vote that they were
opposed to repudiation in any form to make
good their words and strike out this proposi-
tion which prostrates your faith in the dust.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word with
reference to this question, and I want to call
the attention of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to one point which I
desire to make. If I understand the provisions
of this clause it requires that the owners of
warehouses shall reimburse the Treasury of
the United States for the amount of money
paid for storekeepers. Now, it strikes me that
this is a very crude provision to insert in an
appropriation bill. I should like the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations to tell the
House how he proposes to enforce this pro-
vision. It is not inserted here as a provision
in a la.x bill or as a pail of auy levenue meas-
uie which can be enforced by penalties or by
proper provisions. But it is simply a crude
provision inserted in an appropriation bill for
some purpose, I know not what. If it were a
new proposition in tiie House I should vote
against it, because I believe that the amount
of tax 011 distilled spirits is now sufficiently
high and that the tax 011 tobacco is now suffi-
ciently high without the imposition of this
additional burden.
I do not understand the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Butler,]
who is the particular advocate of this meas-
ure, when he tells us that it is a proposition to
take out of the Treasury of the United States
$1,500,000. It is simply a provision by which
you propose to make an e.v post facto law
taking out of the pockets of these men money
which by law they were not hitherto required
to pay. And I do not understand why the
gentleman from Massachusetts advocates the
provision, fori remember he proposed that the
tax on distilled spirits should be only twenty-
tive cents per gallon, while it is now over sixty-
three cents per gallon. But while I am opposed
to the provision, for one 1 shall vote to make
this correction in the law, because I believe
that both Houses having passed this measure
it is our duty to make the correction, and then
at our leisure by other legislation we ca.n, if
we think proper, repeal this provision inserted
in an appropriation bill, I- believe, however,
that it is our duty to correct these errors in the
enrollment of bills.
message from the senate
A message from the Senate, by Mr. MoDox-
am>, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate
had passed a bill and joint resolutions of the fol-
lowing titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House :
An act (S. No. 21) to reorganize the Navy
and Marine corps of the Uunited States ;
A joint, resolution (S. R. No. '20) in relation
to light,-houses on the eoa«t of Oregon ; and
A joint resolution (S. 1'. No. SI) authorizing
Lieutenant Commander Arthur A. Yates, Sur-
geon Albert L. Gihon. Parsed Assistant Sur-
geon Charles H. White, and Assistant Surgeon
,1 erome H. Kidder, of the United States Navy,
to accept decorations from the king of Portugal
in recognition of humane services.
errors ix appropriation biu.s.
Mr. LYNCH. 1 move to insert before the
word t: warehouse'' wherever it occurs the
words "internal revenue."
I rise to a question of
The gentleman will state
Mr. DAWES. I presume there is no objec-
tion to that amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, there is. I desire to
oppose it.
Mr. LYNCH. The intention was that this
provision should apply to internal revenue
warehouses from the words which precede the
word " warehouse," but the language is broad
enough to cover, not only internal revenue
warehouses, but customs warehouses, and it
ought not to apply to customs warehouses,
because the rules which are applicable to the
one are not applicable to the other, and ought
not to be.
In customs warehouses in small places the
officers of customs that are employed there,
such as inspectors, have the custody of the
warehouses. There is no separate set of offi-
cers for t,he warehouses as there are in large
places where the warehousing business extends
over the entire season. In these small places
the warehousing business is confined to a very
small portion of the year, and the inspectors
that are employed there for other purposes
take charge of these warehouses in connection
with their other duties.
Now, if the importers in these small places
are obliged to pay for storekeepers for the
whole year it will be a very onerous duty upon
them, for which there is no necessity at all.
This provision ought not to apply to customs
warehouses, and was not intended to apply to
them. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
I have offered will be adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. ~ '
order.
The SPEAKER,.
his point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lyxch] moves to amend this joint
resolution by inserting the words "internal
revenue" before the words "bonded ware-
houses." The resolution itself is one which
recites the fact that certain items, quoting them
in terms, were dropped by accident from ap-
propriation bills, and proposes now to enact
those items into law. But no such language as
the gentleman from Maine now proposes was
ever in the bill. The gentleman proposes to
contradict the very statement which is con-
tained in this joint resolution by averring that
something was in the bill which nobody pre-
tends ever was in the bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexok] how any amend-
ment can ever be proposed to this joint reso-
lution without being subject to the same ob-
jection ?
'1 he SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Ohio. It is a question for the judgment of the
House, and not one for the Chair to rule upon.
Mr. SCHENCK. Whether the House will
tell the truth or not.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
judgment of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I nowyield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Muncen.J
Mr. MUNGEN. I am opposed to this joint
resolution, and to the legislation involved in
it. If this kind of legislation is carried out it
will be equivalent to robbing this class of per-
sons who have honorably engaged in the busi-
ness of distilling under the law of July last.
1 look upon this Massachusetts theology, or
whatever it may be called, as something which
I do not understand. If that law had gone
into opeialion it would strike directly at the
interests of the West, where are nine tenths of
the distilleries established under the law of
July last. Now, I recollect very well when
the manufacturers of New England had taxes
taken off so that they saved $80,000.000 in a,
single yeai. I think we have had enough of
this thing. I can see the direction of this just
as plainly as I can read print. In triy opin-
ion it is an outrage upon western interests.
Besides, in a measure it is retroactive in its
operation. There was not exactly a contract
between the distillers and the Government:
but it amounts to about the same thing. They
