120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 17,
entered into this business, accepting the law of
Congress in good faith, and investing their
capital under it-. They have paid their taxes
under the law; their distilleries and ware-
houses have been guarded by Go vernment offi-
cials, whom the Government agreed to pay.
I say that the Government should now pay
them, or if there is to be any change in the
law then let these persons have due notice of
that fact, so that they may quit the business if
they desire. I think they are taxed enough
without this.
Mr. DAWES. I now desire to move that
debateupon this joint resolution and the amend-
ments be closed.
Mr. COBURN. I would ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. It strikes me that the merits
of this proposition do not come up now. What
is therealquestionnowbeforethe House? It is
whether the bill referred to in this joint res-
olution was enacted in certain terms; that is
all. And if so, whether any of these terms
wereomittedinenrollingthebill, andif omitted
whether they shall be reinserted. It is the duty
of the House to put these words in the bill if
they were left out by the enrolling clerk. Is
it possible that gentlemen will get up here and
take the position that a law of the last Con-
gress or of this Congress can be rendered null
by any action of an enrolling clerk ? Is it pos-
sible that one of these clerks has more power
than any member of the House, and equal
power with ail the members of the House com-
bined? If so, then at any time hereafter all
that need be done to thwart the will of the
House or of Congress upon any particular sub-
ject is for some clerk to omit the provision
when enrolling the bill, to leave out some im-
portant provision, and make it necessary for a
subsequent Congress, or the same Congress at
a subsequent period, to reenactit. We intrust
to our clerks a most dangerous power if we
recognize a doctrine of that kind. When we
have ascertained that both Houses of Con-
gress have concurred in passing a particular
provision which has been omitted in the enroll-
ment of the bill it is bad policy for us to hesi-
tate one moment in reenaetiug the provision.
I believe that in this case the committee have
found that the provision in the precise terms
now proposed to be reenacted was passed hy
both Houses.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all debate as in
Committee of the Whole be closed on the joint
resolution and amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question
on the joint resolution and amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to know whether
an amendment to strike out one of the items
embraced in the bill is now pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the question. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] has moved the amend-
ment, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the first clause of the joint resolution change
the words items" and "acts" to "item" and "act."
bfcnke out the following paragraph:
In the actmakingappropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Government
tor the year ending the 30th of June, 1870, after the
proviso to toe paragraph beginning, "For salaries
,, i , , —' passage of this act the proprietors of
alt bonded warehouses shall reimburse to theUnited
expenses and salary of all storekeepers or
„ rIs ln charge of such warehouses; and the
fn rir !L paid into the Treasury and accounted
ioi like other public moneys."
SPEAKER. ^egentlemanfrom Maine
[Mr. Lynch] has moved a further amendment,
to insert the words "internal revenue" before
the word "warehouses." If the previous ques-
tion be seconded and the main question ordered
*the first question will be upon the amendment
ottered by the gentleman from Maine.
The previous question was seconded and the
®am question ordered.
& DAWES. Mr. Speaker, am I now
entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, having
reported the bill, is entitled to the floor for an
hour to close the debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood thatall
debate had been closed by order of the House.
The SPEAKER. All debate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole has been closed ; and the bill
being before the House, the previouS question
has been seconded and the main question
ordered. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] having reported the bill from the
Com mittee on Appropriations, is entitled under
the rules to one hour to close the debate.
Mr. DAWES. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. schenck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I regard it
as a lucky accident that by some blunder of a
clerk there has been exposed an attempt to
change by a provision in an appropriation bill
the law of the land as it regards our system of
taxation, and that we are now brought into
such a position that while we are asked to cor-
rect the blunder of a clerk we may also cor-
rect, if we will, the blunder of passing such a
provision which was never read in the House,
and which was never, in substance or in letter,
understood as a proposition pending before the
House. This is literally true. This provision
came here as an amendment from the Senate.
According to my recollection—gentlemen on
the Committee on Appropriations can correct
me if I am wrong—the amendments of the Sen-
ate were disagreed to in gross without being
read, and then went to a committee of confer-
ence ; and there in the committee of confer-
ence this provision, of which the House had no
knowledge, was accepted to be made a part of
the law. Differing with my colleague on the
Committee of Ways and Means, the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Allison,] who, however, ad-
mits that this provision is all wr©ng, I hold it
is not inconsistent with our duty to refuse to
reenact the provision after this mistake has
been discovered. What is this joint resolution:
JJe It resolved, <fcc.t That the following items,
omitted in the enrollnaentof appropriation acts ap-
proved March 3, 1869, be, and the same are hereby,
made valid portions of the acts from which they
were omitted.
This resolution then proposes that we shall
reinsert certain items which by accident were
omitted in enrolling the acts named. Now,
the Senate and House may in their discre-
tion decide to put back these items or not;
they may decide to put back only a part of
these items. I propose that all shall be put
back except this one; but with regard to this,
as it was a blunder originally to permit it to
pass unnoticed and go into the framework of
the intended law—for this provision never did
become law—I propose that nowwhile we are
correcting blunders we shall correct among
other things a blunder of legislation. This,
it seems to me, is meeting the question directly
upon its merits. Shall the Senate and the
House now put back all these omitted items,
or shall they exercise their discretion and
decline to put back one on the ground that it
ought never to have been inserted ?
Oneword as to whywe oughtnot to put back
this item. We have undertaken to reform the
whole system of taxation upon tobacco and
distilled spirits, with what success let this fact
tell; whereas last year we were getting from
distilled spirits $13,000,000 of tax per annum,
we are now getting tax on that article at the
rate of $48,000,000 per annum, and the returns
are increasing, showing that some good has
been done.
But they say, in levying this tax in a new
way you have burdened the Government with
about a million and a half dollars to be paid
for certain officials who are supervising this
business of watching the manufacture of dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and it is proposed to
add that to the tax on manufacturers. Well
sir, we could well afford to employ our own
officers to do our own business and watch these
manufacturers when we are getting $48,000,000
where before we were getting onlygl3,000,000
of revenue. It shows that this probably, among
other reforms in the law, has superinduced that
changed condition of things by which we are
getting nearly four times as much revenue from
that one source as we were before.
Now, sir, I protest against this whole system
of legislation about taxes, legislation about the
establishment and abolishing of offices, legis-
lation about the finances, legislation about any-
thing and everything in the appropriation bHIs,
and I am glad that we have by accident discov-
ered one of these cases in time to remedy it,
and to prevent its going into the statute-book
and becoming a part of the law, by turning it
all back to be considered in questions of taxa-
tion when those questions come up regularly
for consideration. If there is an amendment
needed in any law which has been passed by
Congress in relation to these subject of manu-
facture let it come in in the shape of an amend-
ment to that law. Let it not be said in our
general tax law that we impose a certain tax on
this manufacture, and then, when people have
gone into or continued the manufacture, attempt
slyly in an appropriation bill to add another
to the items which make up the gross sum of
taxation.
Mr. DAAVES. I yield to my colleague ten
minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, whether it is a good policy or not to
save the Treasury of the United States from
plunder whenever it can be saved is a question
for this House to consider, but that is not now
the question. It is whether by right or by
wrong an enrollment clerk of the House by
accident or by design can change a law at his
own will, thus taking millions from the Treas-
ury without the consent or knowledge of the
House, and whether when such an act comes
before the House there can be a lobby brought
in to aid the act and to aid such imposition
upon the Treasury of the United States. I do
not know that this is now the case. I only
know that there is a very strong pressure in
favor of keeping this provision out of the law.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman tell
me from what source that pressure comes or
upon whom it is directed?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Every-
man, Mr. Speaker, can see as well as I can see,
every man can understand as well asl can under-
stand, how this matter stands, and I am not to
be diverted from my argument by an attempt
to get up a side issue.
Mr.SCHENCK. No side issue at all. The
gentleman intimates that there is a lobby here
pressing to keep this provision from being put
back. I want him to reduce this fling of his,
if he dare, into the shape of a direct charge
against, anybody.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I dare,
Mr. Speaker, stand up for the Treasury of the
United States and the gentlemen from Ohio has
the high courage to stand up for the whisky
ring.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman says that
which he knows is untrue if he knows any-
thing about it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I sup-
posed that if I exposed this matter the result
would be that we should get into some such
discussion as this. I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio thoroughly. I know fully all
his ins and outs, and he shall have them inves-
tigated whenever he desires it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Just when you please.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
will take care that a time shall come when that,
shall be done. Now, let us not be diverted
from this question. I was asserting what would
be the ordinary effect of our undertaking now
to alter a law because it has been dropped out
of a bill by an enrolling clerk. I find that onr
enrolling clerk before this matter had come
before the House has been to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means and stated
his case, and I find that he is sought to be
defended by the chairman of that committee
Mr' 2entieraan yield ?
Mr. BUILBR, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
I cannot be interrupted any more.
Mr. SCHENCK. That clerk came to me—
