1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
and I never heard of the case before—when the
gentleman from Massachusetts was making an
abusive attack upon him or upon somebody for
doing what the gentleman's own colleague [Mr.
Dawes] admits was nothing but an accident.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iam con-
fined, Mr. Speaker, to parliamentary language,
and yet I do not receive it. Will the Speaker
hold the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to the same rule in which I confine
myself? I make no abusive attack. I stated
the facts and I will state them again. At three
o'clock in the morning this provision was in
the law; at five o'clock it was not in the law.
I do not know whether it was the fault of the
enrolling clerk of the Senate or of the House,
and therefore I made no abusive attack upon
anybody. But I said here was an item involv-
ing $1,500,000 which it was for the interest of
the whisky and tobacco ring to have fail, and
it did fail. That I say in the face of the coun-
try, and gentlemen are exceedingly sensitive
about it. Even my usually cool and amiable
friend from Indiana [Mr. HoLMAN]got a little
sensitive about it just now. I do not see any
occasion to be sensitive upon this subject.
"let the galled jade wince, our withers are un-
wrung."
I stated the simple, plain facts, and I have not
a word to retract nor a word to add to them.
But I was upon the proposition whether it is
quite well to put our legislation in such form
that a clerk hereafter whenever he chooses can
defeat bills passed int® law and thus have mil-
lions and millions at his disposal. I was glad
to hear the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations say that upon an examination he
thought the clerk had made this mistake inad-
vertently. I am glad to hear it. I am always
glad when such matters can be explained, and
I brought it forward for explanation.
Now, the question is whether we shall here
and now initiate a system of legislation putting
the control of our bills into the hands of the
enrolling clerk for him to say whether they
shall pass as we intend to do or not. That is
the simple question.
Now, let us turn to the merits of this pro-
vision. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] says that we must not touch this
provision to make the distillers pay their ov/n
expenses because the tax law has brought
$48,000,000 of revenue into the Treasury when
we did not get but a quarter of that sum be-
fore. How has it done this? Simply by kill-
ing the goose that laid the golden egg. When
the tax was two dollars a gallon whisky was
allowed to go into the bonded warehouses and
remain there without paying the tax. The
whisky ripened in the bonded warehouse, and
the distiller could well afford to keep whisky
and not put it on the market while he paid no
tax, and therefore tied up his whisky in the
bonded warehouses. Last July, under the
leadership of him whom we are so proud to
honor as our leader for his good temper and
courtesy, there was a law passed which im-
posed a tax of fifty cents a gallon, but it re-
quired also that all whisky should be taken out
of the bonded warehouses by the 20th of
April next or be lost to the owners. So that
every whisky dealer has been taking out his
whisky and putting it on the'market, and the
whisky distilleries have substantially all stopped
wherever there has been an honest adminis-
tration of the law. We have got out all the
whisky but about eight million gallons, a part
of which is water, and the tax has been paid
upon that which has been taken out. And let
me tell the gentleman that I will meet him
here in December next and ask him how much
tax has been collected on whisky between the
20th of April and the 1st of December next.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's ten
minutes have expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Five min-
utes of the time were taken up in controversy.
Mr. DAWES. I will allow my colleague
five minutes longer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now,
then, Mr. Speaker, when that time comes it
will be soon enough for the gentleman to boast.
"Let nothimthatgirdethon his harness boast
himself, as he that putteth it off." We will
see then what is the effect of this legislation.
Seventy-six cents per gallon is the tax upon
whisky, but it can now be bought in the market
anywhere for eighty-five cents or ninety-five
cents per gallon, according to its quality. Does
anybody believe that distilleries are to make
whisky at that price? But I pass from this.
Time will show whether I am right or whether
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means is right. And
" Time at last sets all things oven "—
even bad temper.
Now, what does this provision put in by the
Senate on the bill propose? Simply that after
the passage of this act the proprietors of all
bonded warehouses shall reimburse the United
States the expenses and salary of all store-
keepers and other officers in charge of such
warehouses, and the same shall be paid into
the Treasury and accounted for like other
public moneys. That is the whole provision.
I have learned more law this morning than I
ever expect to learn again in the same space
of time. In the first place, we are told that
we have some contract with the whisky dealers
that they shall not pay the expense of their
establishments, but shall put it upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States. That is the first
time I ever heard of such a contract or that we
have entered into a contract with these persons
that no additional tax shall be put upon them,
or that this is a tax law. No, sir, it is not. It
is merely a provision that where the United
States pays out its own funds to these officers
for the use of the whisky men and the tobacco
men they shall reimburse the Government the
amounts so paid out.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means has entirely abandoned the ground
that he at first took, that this puts the officers
of the warehouse in the power of the distillers.
He now says that it is a. new tax upon the dis-
tillers. Sir, requiring them to reimburse the
United States for what the United States pays
out for them is not imposing a new tax upon
them.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Allow me to
ask a single question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well,
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is not this a
proposition to exempt the Government from
paying the salaries of storekeepers, gangers,
&c., and to impose that charge upon the dis-
tillers ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes; pre-
cisely as if we insisted that the distiller should
put a new safeguard arouud his product, or a
new padlock on his distillery door, or a new
meter at the worm. All would be additional
charges, but not additional taxes. If this is
a tax, then it is unconstitutional and wrong,
because it is not uniform and equal upon all
men.
Again, my friend from Iowa [Mr. Allison]
says this is an ex post facto law. Sir, we do
not propose that they shall pay anything for
the past, but only for the future.
Mr. ALLISON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to say that this
applies only to the future ?
Mr. BUTLER., of Massachusetts. Certainly.
I will read it:
Provided, That after the passage of this act the
proprietors of bonded warehouses shall reimburse
the expense of the storekeepers and other officers in
the charge of such warehouses.
It is not to reimburse the expenses of the
past, but for the future, "after the passage
of this act."
Mr. ALLISON. I have not examined the
provision carefully and was not aware that it
was only prospective in its operations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Exactly.
T knew the gentleman had not examined it.
It would have been better for his argument if
he had, for then he would have understood it.
It is that hereafter these distillers and ware-
house owners shall pay the expenses of the
special officers employed for their benefit; and
thereupon heaven and earth and the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means are moved in behalf
of these distillers.
I am glad my friend from Iowa [Mr. Alli-
son] has told us that he has not read this pro-
vision, because he is so right and usually so
correct in all these matters that I knew if he
had seen and examined this provision he could
not have made the mistake he did.
1 will further say to the House, as 1 close,
that this is a simple question whether the Housa
will see that the legislation of thelast Congress
! shall stand in due form as enacted by that Con-
gress and then allow the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to bring in a bill to.
change it if he thinks best so to do. And I
would be very glad to meet him heie upon this
floor on that proposition. I would like to see
that committee bring in such a proposition.
Let us have the legislation which we passed,
and which we lost through the fault of a clerk—
an unfortunate fault, if you will—and then let
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means bring in a bill to change that legislation
if he dare.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Bi.air.]
Mr. BLAIR. I have nothing to do with the
question of sweet temper. That may belong to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] who I confess always exhibits it. But I
desire to make a remark or two upon the sit-
uation of this question.
It will be remembered that this question of
the tax upon whisky and tobacco has been one
much mooted in Congress ; that twice at least,
if not more times during the Fortieth Congress,
this House went deliberately and carefully over
the whole question. We undertook to say
what the tax ought to be ; we fixed it delib-
erately. We took up the question whether the
Government should maintain its own ware-
houses, and pay its own warehouse-keepers,
whether it would keep those officers under its
own control and pay them itself. We went
over all that subject very carefully. We de-
cided that the Government should have its own
warehouses, its own storekeepers, gangers, and
other officers. The House thus decided delib-
erately, after full discussion and great consid-
eration, in the passage of a bill which is now
the law of the land.
In the adoption of the general bill covering
the whole subject of internal taxation the
House considered this question again, and
reaffirmed the ground which it had before taken
carefully and deliberately. It rejected the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
It stood by the ground it had before repeatedly
affirmed. This policy was adopted with the
intent of fixing this law so that it might be
easily understood and that it should be per-
manent.
In the case now under consideration there
was brought in hereby a committee of confer-
ence a proposition which is a distinct infringe-
ment of the rule repeatedly adopted by the
House. Thisproposition catncin here without
attracting the notice of anybody, and was
; adopted when nobody comprehended its pur-
i port. The question is now whether we shall
| reaffirm this proposition in opposition to the
i policy which the House has so frequently
J declared its determination to suppor^.
j " But," says my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
■ Coburn,] "this provision has already been
! enacted as law." No, sir; it has never been
j so enacted. It was never signed by the Pre-
siding Officers of the two Houses: it was never
submitted to the President; it never was a law.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman yield
to me a single moment? I understand as well
as he does the method of enrollment. What
I have maintained is that this provision _was
law so far as concerned the expressed will of
the two Houses. The mere enrollment and
signing do not affect that question.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, Mr. Speaker, that point
is not very material. The House of course
