1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
to show its fruits in increased receipts from
distilled spirits, and in those three months—
July, August, and September—the whole
amount of internal revenue received from dis-
tilled spirits was an aggregate from the various
modes of taxation of $8,465,443 09.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman say how much of that was for that
taken out of bond?
Mr. SCHENCK. That is exactly what I am
going to tell the gentleman, for it is what he
does not know. Of that amount $1,071,898 56
e.une from that taken out of bond. Here are
all the items given: to amount on spirits dis-
tilled from various materials ; then to amount
received for spirits in bond on the 20th of July ;
then to amount from per diem tax, special tax,
and so on with the various items.
I do not, therefore, understand from this that
it, is true that this increase has been owing to the
revenue derived alone from whisky iu bond.
But 1 do know, and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts eould have readily informed him-
self of thy fact, that while the effect of the
law has been to drive the business of distilling
away from the cities with all their surrounding
corruptions, where it never ought to have been,
it has been carried back into the country along-
side the fields where the grain is grown. With
the cessation of distilleries in the cities there
has been growing up all over the country those
distilleries that are now in active operation,
and contributing to the revenue of the coun-
try by carrying on the business of distilling
where the grain is produced.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to ask a question. How many barrels of
whisky have been sent for sale from New York
and other cities back to the grain-fields ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know. I have
not the statistics upon that point. But J doubt
whether the gentleman has anything to meet
the averment which J make—which is familiar
at any rate to and within the knowledge of
gentlemen who have observed this thing at all—
that while it is true the operation of the law
has had the effect to put an end to distilleries
in the cities, it lias led manufacturers of dis-
tilled spirits all over the country to open dis-
tilleries in those portions of the country where
the grain is produced from which the whisky
is made.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. 'vVrn'axs. ] who desires to say
a few words on this subject.
Mr. WINANS. 1 do not propose lo discuss
the question of fact involved in this debate as to
whether there was an omission in enrolling the
bill of the last Congress which this joint res-
olution seeks to supply. Conceding, however,
that there was such an omission, I submit that, i
we are not sitting here as a mere ministerial j
body to correct the errors and mistakes and
omissions of the Fortieth Congress. We are
under no obligation whatever to supply any
omission if we do not approve the matter to
be inserted by way of correcting the error of
enrollment. Nor do I propose to discuss the
merits of the question which is now under con-
sideration. But 1 desire to submit a remark
which may be somewhat in the nature of a
point of order. Is it competent for the Con-
gress of the United States by a mere joint res-
olution to amend or repeal a statute of the
land? ^ The Fortieth Congress passed an act
which it is now sought to have amended by sup-
plying an omission in it. That Congress has
adjourned, and its doings are matter of history
and of record. If the Forty-First Congress, at
this its first session, can by a mere joint reso-
lution supply an omission in the enrollment of
a bill which has been signed by the proper offi-
cers of the two Houses of the last Congress
and approved by the President, then it can do
so next week or the next year. And by resort-
ing to joint resolutions acts and statutes can be
amended or even repealed. I submit, there-
fore, that in the view I take of this matter it
is not competent for Congress in this way to
amend the legislation which is already upon
the statute-books.
Mr. DAWES. I would inquire of the Chair
how much time I have left ?
The SPEAKER. There are eleven minutes
of the hour remaining.
Mr. DAWES. I yield a moment to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevensox.]
Mr. STEVENSON. 4 wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Dawes] whether these officers, whose salaries
are proposed to be paid in this way, are paid a
per diem compensation or an annual salary ?
Mr. DAWES. I understand that they are
paid a per diem compensation.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then it seems to me
that they will be able to form a combination
with the distillers if this proposition shall be
enacted into law, and to avoid that I shall
vote against this joint resolution.
Mr. DAWES. It is to be regretted that a
measure of this kind could not have been dis-
cussed in this House without any exhibition of.
temper or any crimination and recrimination.
The committee which I happen to represent at
this time have seen no occasion to do anything
further than to present the simple, plain propo-
sition whether an unintentional omission on the
part of one of the clerks of the last House shall
be corrected by this House. It was not neces-
sary, it seems tome, and hardly within our juris-
diction of this subject—and yet I admit that it
was perhaps impossible to get along without
it—to discuss the merits of this question. It
seemed to us a most natural and appropriate
thing where a measure had received the sanc-
tion of both Houses of the last Congress, but
because a merely unintentional blunder of a
clerk had failed to be incorporated into the
law, that the error should bo corrected without
further discussion of the merits of the proposi-
tion itself. But instead of that, Mr. Speaker, not
only have the merits of the case been discussed,
but everything pertaining to good manners, to
kind feeling, to courtesy between members, has
unfortunately been drawn into the discussion.
The Committee on Appiopiiations of the last
Congress has been arraigned here for its offi-
cial conduct. Sir, that committee would not
thank me if I should volunteer, as I shall not,
in defense of its course. It is capable of
taking care of itself. I was no part of it, and
therefore I shall win no thanks from it if I under-
take to defend it. It has been arraigned here
for introducing independent legislation into
appropriation bills, and that has been set forth
as a reason why we should not correct the
mistake of one of our clerks. It is deemed a
" lucky accident" that a clerk of the last House
was a blunderer, because it gives this Congress
an opportunity to put the seal of its disappro-
bation upon a course indulged in by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the last Congiess.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so far as this item is
concerned, although I had nothing lo do with
that committee, I have this to say : that neither
the Committee on Appropriations of this House
nor the corresponding committee of the other
branch had any more to do with the insertion
of the provision than any of the members who
have been arraigning the committee. It ori-
ginated' neither in the Committee on Appro-
priations of this House nor in the Committee
on Appropriations of the other branch. It
came, Mr. Speaker, as the record shows, from
the Department itself, and as coming from the
Department was offered ss an amendment to
this bill in open Senate; and after considera-
tion there it was agreed to. Whether the
Committee on Appropriations of the last Con-
gress was right in its general course or not,
whether or not it be proper to lecture the new
committee over the, back of the old committee,
whether or not it be proper at any time to lec-
ture the old committee which has gone into
history to receive the judgment which history
may pass upon its course, that committee cer-
tainly had nothing to do with the adoption of
this proposition.
It is now proposed, Mr. Speaker, to recite
in a preamble that this iiem was omitted by
mistake in the enrollment of a bill of the last
Congress, and then if the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoiman] is tc
prevail that recital is to remain, but it is tc
appear on the face of the bill that Congress
refused to correct this blunder of a clerk, thus
proclaiming to everybody outside that when-
ever there isinserted in a bill a provision which
some persons do not like, which may inju-
riously affect their interests, they may tamper
with it; they may find, if they can, a clerk who
will commit a blunder, thus securing the omis-
sion of the provision, and that then when the
question comes again before Congress they can
have a rehearing of the case. I submit to the
House that it would be better not to adopt this
measure at all than to let it appear upon the
records of this House that when two items have
by mistake or otherwise been dropped out of
two separate appropriation bills we will make
the correction in the one case but not in the
other. The question is whether we shall pro-
claim to parties whose interest maybe affected
by particular portions of our legislation that
if by any possible means, by accident or other-
wise, with good or bad motives, a clerk, a mere
ministerial officer, shall, without the knowl-
edge of the two branches of Congress, omit any
provision of a bill, the merits of that provision
shall be reheard before it shall be enacted into
law. It appears to me, Mr. Speaker, that it
would be unwise for us to put upon the record
such a stultification of ourselves, such a per-
version of the duties of the officers of the two
Houses.
But, Mr. Speaker, since it is deemed neces-
sary to discuss the merits of this provision, let
me say one word upon that point. The pater-
nity or responsibility of the provision does not
belong to the Committee on Appropriations,
past or present, or any other committee. The
provision came from the Department, and was
designed to save to the country §1,500,000
by saying to those for whose benefit bonded
warehouses are maintained, "If you desire
hereafter that these warehouses shall be main-
tained or multiplied you must yourselves defray
the expenses of keeping them up." As the law
now stands there is a temptation to every man
engaged in these particular branches of busi-
ness, whether oil a large or a small scale, to
procure ihe establishment of new warehouses
with additional officers, the expense being de-
frayed by the Government. Without impugn-
ing the motives of gentlemen who oppose this
provision upon its merits. 1 desire the country
to take notice thai the opposition to this prop-
osition, designed to save the Government
$1,500,000, comes from those interests which
can best bear the burden of taxation, and from
no other source. I say this without imputing to
any gentleman upon this floor any such per-
sonal influence; but the opposition to this
measure, thepressure from without, comes from
the tobacco interest and the whisky interest.
And what do they propose ? That the Gov-
ernment shall defray the expenses of collect-
ing the other taxes and of protecting itself
against fraud upon the revenue : that the Gov-
ernment shall bear all these expenses, and
when the Department sees that $1,500,000 can
be saved at this point I submit to the House
that if we are hereafter to be a Congress of
economy let us not, in the outset, on the first
proposition brought forward for our consid
eration, say that we will yield to whisky and
tobacco the first $1,500,000 that it is proposed
to save to the Government, the Government
itself calling upon us lo save it.
The SPEAKER. The hour of the gentle-
man has expired ; and the previous question
having been seconded and the main question
ordered the question will now be taken first
oil the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] to the amendment
moved by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holm ax. J
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Lyxcn, it was disagreed to—ayes 18,
noes 85.
The question being then put on the amend-
ment of Mr. Holman, there were—ayes 50,
noes 79.
