THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 17,
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 107, not voting
885 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer* Beck, Biggs,Blair. Brooks,
Burr, Orebs, Dickinson, Eldridge, 3?arnsworthr G tz,
Golladay, Haight, Haldeman, Iiamill, Hawkins, Hay,
Hoag, Holman, Hooper, Jencke*, Alexander H.
Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Knott, Lash, Lo-
gan, Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, Moffet, Mun-
§en, Nihlack, O'rtb, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Schenck,
terenson, Sfrader, S'wann, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble,
Van Hara, Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Banks, Beaiaan,Beatty,Benjamin, Bennett,Bemon,
Bingham, Bird, Boles, Boyd,Buffinton,Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
Cessna, Charchill, AmasaCobb, Coburn, Cook, Con-
ger^Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Pinkelnburg-,
fisher, Fitch* Gilfillan, Griswold, Hambleton, Haw-
ley,. Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, John-
- eon, Judd, Julian, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin,
Lawrence. Loughridge, Lynch, McCrary, JVlcGrew,
Mercur, EliakimH.Moore, JesseH.Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
ris'sey, Negley. O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine,
Poland, Pomeroy, Rogers, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Slocum, John
A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Tanner,
Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, William B. Wash burn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whittemore. Willard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Bowen, Clarke, Cleveland} Clinton
L. Cobb, Cowles, Deweese, Ferry, Fox, Garfield,
Greene* Hale, Hamilton, Ingersoll, Kerr, Maynard,
McCarthy, MoNeely, Morgan,Palmer, Peters,Phelps,
Prosser,. Randall, Reading, Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith,
Stiles, Stone, Strickland, Upson, Van Auken, Voor-
heea, and Wilkinson—38.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
^ The question then recurred on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed resolution.
The SPEAKER. That will send the reso-
lution, to the Speaker's table, as it is not yet
engrossed.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the yeas and nays
on the question of ordering it to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
intheaffirmative—yeas 100, nays 42, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Asoer,
ganks,Seaman, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Bird,
Boles, Buffinton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler. Cake,
CaLlkm, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farnswortb,
Fin keln burg, Fisher, Fitch, Gufillan,Griswold, Ham-
bleton, Hawley, Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hopkins,
Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew, Eliakim H.
Moore, William Moore, Morrissey, Negley. O'Neill,
Packard;, Packer, Paine, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy,
Potter, Rogers, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Schu-
maker, Scofield, Slocum, William J. Smith, Worth-
ington C. Smith, William Smytb, Stevens, Stough-
ton, Strickland, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whittemore, Willard, Williams, Winans, and
Witcher—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beck, Biggs, Blair, Brooks,
-'5^* QLlnt°n Cobb, Cook, Crebs, Dickinson, Kld-
m^e.-Getz. Golladay, Haight, Haldenun, Hamili,
isuw&ins, Hoag, Holman, Ingersoll, Alexander H.
-k. Jones, Knott, Lash, Marshall,
Mayham, ScNeely, Moffet, Mungen, Niblaek, Orth,
%ee' S'rader, Swann, Taffe,
w£§~§ Inimp, Wells, Wood, and Wood-
NOTVOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arnell,
Axtell, Bailey, Benjamin, Bennett, Bowen, Boyd,
BeBja^mnF. Butler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cowles, Cul-
H«^nmn^1S[io?er-Hy' ■^ox 1§ar4?'d, Greene, Hale,
Hamilton, Hay, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Kerr, Logan
Maynard, MeCormick.Mereur, JesseH. Moore, Mor-
gan, Darnel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill Palmer
Peters, Prosser, Randall, Reading, Roots, Schenck;
Shanks, Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith
Stiles. Jtokes, Stone, Sweeney, Van Auken, Voor-
hees. Wilkinson,EugeneM. Wilson, JohnT. Wilson
and Winchester—54. '
So the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana, desire to have the engrossed joint
resolution read ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Not now.
The joint resolution having been engrossed,
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. DAWES demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joinli resolution was passed.
Mr. DAWES moveato reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reorganization of the navy.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 24, to reorganize the Navy and Marine corps
of the United States, in order that it may be
referred.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
taken up, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
order of business.
Mr. ARNELL. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. DAWES. The regular order of busi-
ness would be the business of the morning
hour, and I do not think that the committees
are yet prepared to report.
Mr. ARNELL. I withdraw the demand for
the regular business. !
mineral 1akds. i
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to inform this House what steps, if any, have
boon taken by the Interior Department to segregate
mineral lands and prevent their passing to railroad
corporations under grants by Congress which except
sucli mineral lands; if patents for large bodies of
lands in the mineral regions of the United States
have not been issued to such corporations without
adequate inquiry or knowledge as to their character;
if the whole expense and burden of preserving
known mines has not been devolved on miners or
left to chance; and if the system adopted in the
issuance of patents for unexplored and unprospected
regions does not preclude any definite knowledge of
the character of the lands conveyed in such patents
and involve the loss to the United States of much of
its mineral domain.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clerk to military committee.
Mr. LOG-AN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be entitled to employ a clerk daring the Forty-First
Congress, who shall receive as compensation six
dollars a day.
There was no objection.
Mr. CAKE. I hope that resolution will be
referred to the Committee on Accounts. I
Mr. LOGAN. I do notyield for that motion,
but demand the previous question on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
40, noes 33; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Logan and Mr.
Burr.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported-—ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
Mr. BURR.. I wish to ask a parliamentary
question. Does the resolution contemplate
the payment to this clerk of a per diem compen-
sation of six dollars during the whole of the
present Congress ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the resolution only provides for the payment
of six dollars a day during the session of Con-
gress.
Mr._ BURR. Not having made the call for
the division, if whoever did will permit me I
will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER-. No further count being
desired, the resolution will be considered as
adopted.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
contested-election cases.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, pre--
sented the following papers ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections:
Papers in the contested-election case from
the first congressional district of Louisiana;
Papers in the Arkansas contested-election
case of Elliott against Rogers ; and
Papers in the contested-election case of
Newsham against Ryan, from the fourth con-
gressional district of Louisiana.
kentucky con'tested-election case.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House depositions in the contested-
election case of Barnes against Adams, from
the eighth congressional district of Kentucky ;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
louisiana contested-election cask.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the petition of protest of Caleb S. Hunt, con-
testing the election of L. S. Sheldon from the
second congressional district of Louisiana, and
asking that he be not allowed to take his seat
upon his present credentials; which was re-
ferred to the TDommittee of Elections.
south carolina contested-election cask.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House,
papers in the matter of the contested-election
from the third congressional district of South
Carolina of Hoge against Reed ; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
north carolina contested-election case.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House,
papers in the North Carolina contested-election
ease of Boyden against Shober; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
snake indians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, asking for an appropriation for the
collection and removal of the Snake Indians to
the Siletz reservation on the Pacific coast;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
ii. 1'. mayes.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication fromthe Secretary of War, rec-
ommending that the political disabilities of R.
P. Mayes be removed ; which was referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
amendment to the constitution'.
Ihe SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of North
Carolina, transmitting a true copy of the ori-
ginal joint resolution of the General Assembly
of that State ratifying the proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
styled article fifteen; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. Idemand the regular order
of business.
Ihe SPEAKER. In the morning hour,
which will now commence if the gentleman
from Indiana insists upon his demand, the reg-
ular order of business will be the call of com-
mittees for reports; and the Chair presumes
that there are few, if any, committees now
ready, if called, to submit reports.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I do not insist on my
demand.
inspection of imports.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 136) to regulate the
appraisement and inspection of imports in cer-
tain cases, and for other purposes $ which was
