1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
enrolled bills and resolution.
Mr. BBATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and a
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 25) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1867 ;
An act (S. No. 23) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
and a
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 1) to supply an
omission in the enrollment of the act making
appiopriat.ions for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 80,
1870, and for other purposes,approved March
8, 1869.
schooner ven1lia.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 137) for the en-
rollment and license of the British schooner
Venilia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
unification of coinage.
>Ir. IvELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution :
Ile$olvc<K That there be printed for the use of the
House live thousand copies of the letter of E. B.
Kliot, esq., on the subjeot of the intei national uni-
fication of coinage, transmitted to the fortieth Con-
gress by Hon. Hugh McCulloch, Secretaiy of tlio
Treasury, and one thousand copies for the uie of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
.10int committee on retrenchment.
Mr. WELKER. There is a message upon
the Speaker's table from the Senate, asking
for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on a concurrent
resolution of the House for the appointment
of a joint select Committee on Retrenchment.
The amendments of the Senate are as follows :
Strike out " seven" and insert " three," and strike
out "four" and insert "three;" so tlio resolution
will then read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That a joint
select Committee on Retrenchment, consisting of
throe members of the Senate and three members of
the House, bo appointed by the lh-eMiiing Officers
of the two Houses, with the same powers and duties
as were conterred upon the select Committee on lle-
tieuchinent in the Thiity-Nintli and Fortieth Con-
gresses ; and to which all matters yet remaining
undisposed of which were leferred to the Committee
on Retrenchment of the Fortieth Congress shall bo
referred.
1 ask that the message be taken up and the
House reciprocate the request of the Senate
for a committee of conference.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
inspection 01' imports auain.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. judd] introduced a bill to regulate
the appraisement and inspection of imports in
curtain cases, and for other purposes, which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The Committee of Ways and Means have that
subject under consideration, and it should have
gone to that committee. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JUDD. I move that the motion to re-
consider be laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
arkansas and missouri levees,
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. 11. No. 138) to provide levees
to secure the Jow lands of Arkansas and Mis-
souri from inundation and to encourage the
settlement and cultivation thereof; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and ordered
to be printed.
transportation 01? mails.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 139) in relation
to the transportation of mails by railroad com-
panies; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
committee clerks.
Mr. CAKE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Accounts to report the following reso-
lution. It will be recollected that a resolution
was adopted by the House instructing that
committee to report at the earliest practicable
period what committees should be authorized
to employ clerks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That pending the action of the Commit-
tee on Accounts on the resolution referred to them
all resolutions relating to clerks of committees be
referred to that committee.
Mr. BANKS. I trust that resolution will
not be adopted.
Mr. CAKE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate joint res-
olution No. 14, amendatory of the joint resolu-
tion respecting the provisional governments of
Virginia and Texas, passed at the third session
of the Fortieth Congress, for reference to the
Committee on Reconstruction.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution was taken up, read a first aud second
time, referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
blanton duncan.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Ju- j
diciary House joint resolution No. 29, for the ]
relief of Blanton Duncan.
Mr. ARNELL. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the House
adjourn, as the committees are not ready to
report.
Mr. BINGHAM. T wish to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. IvELLEY. Well, then, I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business has been called for.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The morning hour having commenced, the
Speaker proceeded to call the committees for
reports.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back
House jointresolution No. 29, with two amend-
ments. The first amendment is to strike out
the word " reinvested '' and insert " restored,"
and at the end of the joint resolution to strike
out the word " owner " and insert11 said Blan-
ton Duncan so that the joint resolution will
then read as follows :
Whereas proceedings were instituted in the district
court of theUnited States for Kentucky agdinst cer-
tain real estate, the property of Blanton Duncan: and
whereas the said Blanton Duncan was specially par-
doned by the President of the United States and can-
not obtain relief through the Supreme Court for
several years because of the length of its docket; and
whereas the uniform practice in all other similar cases
has been to surrender the property of persons upon
presentation of the presidential pardon, and this
being the exceptional case of its kind in the United
States: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Souse o/ Represent-
ative* of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the title of the said real estate is
restored hereby to the said Blanton Duncan, and the
marshal of said district or any officer in possession is
hereby instructed to surrender the same to the said
Blanton Duncan.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. What reason is there for
restoring this property to this rebel? If there
be no good reason for so doing I shall move
that the joint resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have this to say on the
subject: it is a leasehold estate and the rents
only were condemned by the court. The judge
who pronounced the judgment in the case,
Judge Ballard, of the district court of the dis-
trict of Kentucky, certifies on the record here
that the amount condemned exceeds the whole
amount from all other sources in the State of
Kentucky. That money has gone into the
Treasury, and the only effect of this joint reso-
lution will be to restore to him the possession
of the property. It will not restore to him the
rents which have already gone into the Treas-
ury ; and J udge Ballard says very properly that
this is an exceptional case. This property is all
this man has.
Mr. KELSEY. I wish to inquire whether
this person is not now litigating this case in
the courts?
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe he has brought
the case up on appeal. I desire to say that a
similar joint resolution passed the House on
the 27th of February last without a single
objection.
Mr. WARD. I want to know of the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary whether this joint resolution does not
propose to restore property to a rebel which
has been confiscated by the Government. If
that be so I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. BINGHAM. It proposes to do just
what it slates upon its face. I beg leave to
say further, without intending to speak disre-
spectfully of the judge who pronounced the
judgment, that under the act of 1802 the court
had no power to pronounce the judgment
which it did.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
It occurs to me that this is in the nature of an
appropriation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; it is not in the
nature of an appropriation bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the pointof order
that the joint resolution is in the nature of an
appropriation bill and must, under the rule,
have its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that the joint
resolution is not in the nature of an appropri-
ation biii.
Mr. BINGHAM. This jointresolution re-
stores such of the leasehold as remains to this
man. The rents which have been condemned
will still remain in the Treasury. You have
the judgment of your own officer, Judge Bal-
lard, that the judgment pronounced on this
man exceeds the gross amount from all other
persons whatever in the courts of that State in
the way of confiscation for having engaged in
the rebellion. This is an unequal mode of
doing justice. It is not becoming this Repub-
lic, even when dealing with rebels.
Mr. WARD. Am I right that this is to re-
store property confiscated by the courts, and
does the gentleman propose by this to appeal
from the decision of the courts?
Mr. BINGHAM. It only restores what re-
mains of the leasehold estate.
Mr. WARD. It is like restoring the Arling-
ton estate.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Arlington estate has
nothing to do with it.
Mr. WARD. It is the entering wedge for
all such cases.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was a decree condemn-
ing not the property, but the rents and profits
