126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
of the estate; and, as I have already stated,
this joint resolution does not propose to restore
any of the rents and profits of this leasehold
estate which have been confiscated.
Mr. WARD. Butthis joint resolution restores
the property to him.
Mr. BINGHAM. It restores the possession
of the estate; but it does not refund any
money.
Mr. WARD. It restores what has been con-
fiscated, and I do not see the point of the gen-
tleman's remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course the gentleman
does not see it. Let him point to a statute
that justifies or affords any colorable pretext
for the existing judgment,
Mr. MAYNARD. Has he not appealed to
the Supreme Court ?
Mr. BINGHAM. In the present state of
business before the Supreme Court they will
not be able to try it for four or five years to
come; and I am not in favor of tying up the
proceeds of this man's leasehold estate until
the expiration of its term.
Mr. WARD. Is it a unanimous report from
the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; and I will add
that a similar joint resolution passed this House
on February 27 last without a division. I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the joint reso-
lution be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the House refuse to
lay the joint resolution on the table will it not
then be in order to move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
House do not second.the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
41, noes 59.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 61, nays 81, not voting
51; as follows:
TEAS—Atessrs. Allison, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Boles, Boyd, Buffinton,
Roderick E. Butler, Cessna, Clarke. Ainasa Cobb,
Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Dickey. Donley, Duval,
Dyer, Eta, Ferriss, Enkelnburg, Hawkins, Ilawley,
Jlay, Hour, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelsey,
Knap p. Laftin, Loughridge, Maynard, MeCrary, Me-
fcrrew, Mereur, Eliakim. H. Moore, William Moore,
Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Pomeroy, Sanfo.rd,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Strickland, Taffe, Till-
man, Townsend, Tyner, Van Horn, Ward, Welker,
Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, AVilliams, and
Witcher—6-1.
NATS—Messrs, Archer, Axtcll, Banks, Beck,
Bingham, JBird, Blair, Brooks, Burr, Benjamin P.
B-utler, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, Coburn, Cook, Crebs,
Davis, Dawes, Daweese, Dickinson, Dixon, Eld-
ridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fitch, Getz, Uolladay,
(iriswold, Haight, IXaldcman, Hambleton, iiamill,
Hoag, ilolman, Hooper, Hopkins. Jenckcs, Johnson,
1 nomas L. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Knott. Lash, Lynch,
Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Moll'et, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrisscy, Niblack, Peters, Poland, Pot-
ter, Reeves, lUce, Boots, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson, Strader, Swann,
-Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van
Auken. Van Trump. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—81.
NOT VOTING—Mcssrs, Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Bailey, Beaman, Bennett, Biggs, Bowen, Burdett,
Cleveland, Cowles, Cullom, Dockery, Fisher, Pox,
ga™eld,Gilfinan, Greene, Hale, Hamilton, Heaton,
Hill, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Kerr, Ketcliam, Law-
?S?rCe.'J;?",an' Meore, Mnngen, Negley,
•\> Neill, Palmer, Phelps, Frosser, Randall, Reading,
Rogers, Schenek, Sohumaker, Shanks, Sheldon,
 |5'cni' ?, w' Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Voorhees,
William B. Washburn, Wheeler, and John T. Wil-
son—52.
So the House refused to lay the joint reso-
lution on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. LAWRENCE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Kerr, who would vote in the nega-
tive, while he would vote in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded,
,Mr, KELSEY moved that the House do now
iwjoura.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
50, noes 68.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question, to allow my friend
from Pennsylvania to submit an amendment to
the joint resolution.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That said Duncan release all claim for
rents or use of said property prior to the passage of
this joint resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I renew the demand for
the previous question on the joint resolution
and amendment.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that the joint res-
olution and amendment be laid on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
36, noes 71.
Mr. ARNELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 60, nays 80, not voting
56 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Asper, Beatty,
Benjamin, Benton, Bullinton, Burdett, Roderick K.
Butler, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cullom, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, (iilfillan, Hawkins, Hawley, Hay, Hoar,
Julian, Kelsey, Knapp, Lousbridge, Maynard, Mc
Crary, McGrew, Mereur, William Moore, Negley,
Orth, Packard, Pomeroy, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofield, William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Strickland, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, Van Horn,
Ward, Welker, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Witcher—60.
3STAYS;—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Banks, Beck,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Brooks, Burr, Benja-
min F. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, Cook, Crebs,
Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson, Dixon, Eldridge,
Farnswortb, Ferry, Fitch, Getz, Golladay, Griswold,
Haight, Hale. Hambleton, Hamill, Holman, Hooper,
Hopkins, Jenckes, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kel-
ley, Knott, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy,
McCormick, McNeely, Moffet, Morgan Daniel J,
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrisscy, Niblack,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Roots,
Schumaker, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Stevenson, Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Tan-
ner, Trimble, Twichell, Upson, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
and Woodward—SO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Armstrong, Bailey, Beaman, Bennett, Boles, Bowcn,
Boyd, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles. Dockery,
Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Greene, Haldeman, Hamilton,
Heaton,Hill, llo.ic, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Kerr, Ketcham, Luflin, Lash, Law-
rence, Logan, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
Mungen, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps,
Prosser, Randall, Reading, Schenek, Shanks, Shel-
don, John A. Smith. Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton,
Tafte, Yoorhees. Wheeler, and Winans—oo.
So the House refused to lay the joint reso-~
lution and amendment on the table.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the House should now
adjourn will not this come up as the first busi-
ness in the morning ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. DICKEY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
45, noes 60.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to let me move an amendment to make
the joint resolution more acceptable to the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not yield for that pur-
pose, but insist on a demand for the previous
question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
00, noes 51.
-- So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 01, not voting
57 ; as follows: °
.YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtcll, Banks, Bcck,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Brooks.Burr, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake, Calkin, Churchill, Cook, Crebs,
Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson, Eldridgs, Fisher,
Fitch, Getz, Golladay, Griswold, Haifrht, Haldeman,
Hale,Hambleton, Iiamill,Holman, Hooper, Jenckes,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones, -Thomas L. Junes,
Kelley,Knott, Lash, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy,
McCormick, McNeely, Moffet, Morgan. Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Morri^sey, Niblack,
Peters, Potter, lteeves, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Sehti-
maker, Slocum, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson. Strader, Swann.
Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, Twichell, Van Aukun,
Van Tramp, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William 15.
Washburn, Well?, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Woodward—73,
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Beatty.
Benton, Boies, Buflinton.liuidett, Roderick R, But-
ler, Cessna, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cullom, Dickey, Donley, Duval, Dyer. l:!ia, Fer-
riss, Imkelnburg,^ llawkins, Ilawley, Hay, Hoar,
Hopkins, Julian, Kelsey, Knapp, Lonshrid-'e. May-
nard, MeCrary, McGrew, Mereur, William M<>nn\
Neglcy,Orth, Packard.Packer, Paine, P.thuer, Pom-
eroy, Sawyer, Scofield, William Smyth, Stevens,
Strickland, Taffe, Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, Van
Horn, Ward, Welker, Whittemore. Wilkinson, Wil-
lard, John T. Wilson, Winans, and V 'iteher—lil.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams Allison, Ambler,
Ames, Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Bennett, Boweu,
Boyd, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cowles, Dixon,
Dockery, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fox, Garfield, GiHil-
lan, Greene, Hamilton, Heaton, Hill, Hoasr, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Judd, Kerr. Ketcham, Lallin, Law-
rence, Logan, Lynch, Eliakim II. Moore. Jesse 11.
Moore, Mungen, O'Neill, Phelps, Poland, Proper,
Randall, Reading, Ilout-s, Saniord, Sohcnc-k, iShank-,
Sheldon, William J. Smith, Sule«f Stoke-, Stoiif,
Stoughton, Upson, Voorhees, Wheeler, and Wil-
liams—57.
So the House ordered the main question to
be now put.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided; and. there were—ayes
57, noes 60.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. This will come up the Gr^t
thing to-morrow as the unfinished business :
and if the gentleman will withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays I will consent to an
adjournment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
And then (at half past four o'clock p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
uuderthe rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
I3y Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin: The petition
of Alexander Innis, of Fairfax county, Virginia,
for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of Albert
G-. Sutton, late a captain of the fifteenth regi-
ment United States infantry in the war with
Mexico, asking to be restored to the invalid
pension-roll.
By Mr. FINKELNBURGr: The petition of
A. Bush and others, citizens of St. Louis. Mis-
souri, praying for the repeal of duties on foreign
barley.
By Mr. JOHNSON: A memorial of settlers
on the NomaLackee reservation in California,
praying a survey and sale of said reservation.
Also, ei memorial of the board of regents of
the Agricultural College of California.'
Also, the petition of J. W. Martindale, for
relief for property taken and destroyed by the
Government of the United States.
Also, a petition of citizens of Solano county,
California, praying the enactment of a law to
protect settlers.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition of Major W.
F. Stafford, late of the sixth Kentucky cavalry.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition and accom-
panying papers and vouchers of Joseph Hi<-
zell, of West Virginia, asking indemnity for
property destroyed by United States soldiers
at New Creek, and pay for labor done.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature oi
West Virginia, requesting Congress to aii] Cap-
tain Frederick Ford, of Mason county, Wc-t
Virginia.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Thomas
Smith, of Knoxville, Tennessee, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Joseph A. Green and 14 others,
