1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
citizens of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania,
praying for certain changes in the laws of the
United States relating to the naturalization of
citizens of foreign b'irth.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Robert
W. Simmons, late a corporal of company B, sec-
ond regiment provisional Pennsylvania artil-
lery, asking for a pension.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: A memorial from
the commissioners elected by the reconstruc-
tion convention of the State of Texas to rep-
resent the condition of the State and the wants
of the loyal people.
Also, a petition for the removal of political
disabilities from John A. Boyden, Samuel
Reeves, jr., and W. H. Bailey, citizens of
North Carolina.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 18, 18G9.
Prayer by Rev. F. S. De Eass, of Washing-
Jon.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I notice in the reading
of the Journal the expression "The following
message was received from the President of
the United Stales, by General Porter, his Sec-
retary." I think it is in very bad taste. It
should be corrected. That title should be left
off.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
already intimated to the Secretary to change
it to " Air. Porter."
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
J. W. Nye, praying compensation for services
rendered and money expended for the benefit
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. EDM UNDS presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia,, piaying that pensions be
panted to the surviving soldiers of the war of
181:2, and to the widows of such as are de-
ceased ; winch was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying such an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
as will fully recognize the obligations of the
Christian religion ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of John D. D.
Rosset, praying Congress to pass a bill provid-
ing for an international congress of republican
nations which was referred to the Committee
ion foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
<of William M. Meyers, of New Brunswick, in
the State of New Jersey, in which he asks pro-
vision for the education and instruction of the
'Indians in the English language, as being the
)jest sleppmg-stone to their civilization. I :
move its reference to the Committee on Indian j
Affairs. j
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART presented the petition of j
Commander S. B. Bissell, United States Navy,
praying such a modification of the sixth section
of the act to amend the act to promote the 1
efficiency of the Navy, passed in 1858, that he
may receive the pay while holding the com- j
mission of a commander ; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Dr. John B. Read, praying for compensation
tor impioveuients m projectiles for rifled oid-
uance,&c.: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
ilr. DAVIS presented the petition of A. G.
and B. P. Lee, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by United States military forces
in Paducah, Kentucky ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of John
Chain, of Florida, praying for the removal of
his political disabilities; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented a resolution of
the executive committee of the State Council
of the Union League of America for the State
of New York, in favor of the passage of a law
to take from the State courts the right of nat-
uralization and place the same under the con-
trol of the General Government; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. Nl'E presented the petition of John T.
Hildreth, of Brooklyn, Kings county, New
York, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
j'apkrs withdrawn aa'd referred.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
,Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas
Niles, on the flies of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That W. A. Griffin have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
reports op committees.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 81) for
the benefit of Margaret Riddle, widow and
executrix of George Read Riddle, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Ofiiees and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the hill (S. No. 22) to establish and declare
the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed, westward from the
city of New Orleans, a post road, and for other
purposes, reported it with amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 71) to encourage
and facilitate telegraphic communication with
Europe, reported it without amendment.
washington general hospital.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 133) to incorpo-
rate the Washington General Hospital and
Asylum of the District of Columbia, to report
it back without amendment, and I am further
requested to ask the action of the Senate upon
the bill at the present time. I think it will
meet with no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It, creates Silas L. Loomis,
Robert Reyburn, Harvey Lindsly, Byron Sun-
derland, 0. 0. Howard, Sayles J. Bowen, D.
W. Anderson, Lewis Clephane, George A.
Bolloch, La Fayette C. Loomis, Joseph T.
Johnson, S. P. Brown, and Charles S. English,
their associates and successors, a corporation
and body-politic, in law and in fact, under the
name and style of the Washington General
Hospital and Asylum of the District of Colum-
bia.
The hill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CHATTANOOGA ROLLING-MILL.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (8. R. No. 17) authorizing the sale of
the Chattanooga rolling-mill property at Chat-
tanooga, Tennessee, to the Southestern Iron
Company, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment. There is but one section
with a preamble to the resolution. It has the
approval of the Secretary of War, and is in
accordance with a contract made by the Gov-
ernment. As there will probably be no objec-
tion to it, 1 ask that it be put upon its passage
now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It recites that the United States, on the Cth
of October 1866, did, in consideration of the
sum of $175,000, lease to John A. Spooner,
of Plymouth, Massachusetts, his legal repre-
sentatives and assigns, all the property known
as the United States military rolling-mill, in
Chattanooga, Tennessee, and all the buildings,
tools, machinery, fixtures, furniture, equip-
ments, and appurtenances connected there-
with, together with a railroad track connecting
the mill with the Nashville and Chattanooga
railroad, for two years from the date of the
lease, with the further agreement contained in
the lease that the United States would, upon
the request of Spooner, his legal representa-
tives or assigns, sell, transfer, and convey the
mill, buildings, machinery, and other property
thereby leased, by good and sufficient deed and
absolute title, to Spooner, his legal represent-
atives and assigns, to his or their own use;
and that he has assigned his interest in the
lease to the Southwestern Iron Company, and
that the company have requested the United
States to convey the mill, buildings, machin-
ery, &e., to them. It is therefore proposed to
authorize the Secretary of War, in considera-
tion of the amount already paid, to make, exe-
cute, and deliver all needful instruments, con-
veying and transferring all the right, title, and
interest of the United States in and to the Chat-
tanooga rolling-mill, the buildings, tools, ma-
chinery, fixtures, furniture, equipments, and
appurtenances connected therewith, together
with the railroad track connect ing the mill with
the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad, to the
Southwestern Iron Company.
The jointresolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
north carolina soldiers.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 37) to remove the charge
of desertion from certain soldiers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry, to report it
back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass ; and I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider it at
the present time.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be reported at
length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported, and then the Chair will ask for objec-
tions.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The preamble recites that it appears from
the evidence of certain ofiicers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry, the records
of the War Department, and the official orders
of Major General Schofield, that certain sol-
diers were detached from the second North
Carolina mounted infantry to join the third
North Carolina mounted infantry to make a
raid into the enemy's lines in June, 1804, for
the purpose of destroying railroad bridges and
liarrassing the enemy, and while absent from
their regiment upon such duty they were borne
upon fhe rolls of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry as deserters. The bill there-
fore directs the Secretary of War to remove
the charge of desertion or absence without
leave from the following named soldiers of the
second North Carolina mounted infantry :
Company A: Joseph Thompson, Job Rico, A. J.
Massey, John W. Bullman, James Airowood, Km-
sey Hen.sley, G-eorge West, William Hunter, Altred
Fox, Allen Pox.
Company Ti- [fen^y llovis (leorgeM. Roberts,
Jacob M. Kevis, Adam F. Liter, Pmkney !m<x, B.ob-
ert L. Fox, Spencer IUce, Patterson Iteeeo, Robert
11. Piekcns, Calvin Maney, Sheperd Deaver, Robert
Sams, J. IS. Gosnel, Peter M. Ilughv, Alexander
Beachboard, John S. West, Edward Sams, Jeremiah
Buckner, Thoman I). Colo, James P. Arrowood, John
B. Safe, James M. Cole, John II, Payne.
Company C: Lewis W. Ramsey, Samuel Rector,
Manley Ball, Hiram Rico, John 11. Wild, John Ram-
sey, George W. Freeman, Andrew J. Freeman, Rob-
ert Anderson, David Lunstord, Jacob II. Wiid, John
M. Wild, Jackson Paris, William D Perry. George
N. Stines, Job Ramsey, Jackson Ramsey, Abner
Brooks, Lewis Paris, Benjamin F. Freeman, Seth
Freeman, Jasper Brown, James Pain.
Company J): Leander Wright.
Company B: John Stanton, Haekley i\ or ton, Kh-
phas Shelton, Ezekiel Sams, James JNorton, Samuel
Gomel, William Hensley, teter McCoy, Simon P.
Presnel, William Gentry, William Norton, Tilman
Landers, William Shalton, Balis Norton, David
