m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Norton, Francis M. Franklin, George M. Gentry,
James Oosnel, William J. MeCoy, William Norton,
jr., Jesse Norton, John E. Griffin, Andrew J. Banks,
John H. Cook, William Shelton. jr., Thomas J.
Candler, David Shelton, Robert H. Hare, Larkin
Stanton. James Norton,jr., George W. Gentry.
Company P: James M. Case, John H. Drake
Joshua Case, William C. Lanning, Levi Cantrell,
E. P. Case. William. F. Case, John Cantrell, Wilie
Gosnel, William H. Walker, Richard T. Drake,
James J. Camp, Volt air V. C. Cantrell.
Company H : EzekielKuykendoll, Daniel Gilbert.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third "reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLMENT Of FOREIGN VESSELS.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent ®btained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 155) to provide for the enrollment and
license of certain foreign vessels ; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to pat that bill on its
passage. It is verbatim the same bill that was
passed at the close of the last session.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue certificates of registry or en-
rollment and license to the following Canadian-
built vessels, namely: to the bark Cambria,
the bark Mary Jane, the bark Niagara, and
the bark Cecelia, those vessels being owned by
citizens of the United States, and having been
employed upon the waters of the lakes; and
also to the British schooner Yenilia, of Shel-
burn, Nova Scotia; but there is to be paid
upon each of those foreign-built vessels a tax
or duty of twenty per cent, on the present value
of the vessels, payable in coin; the value of
the vessels to be ascertained in the same man-
ner as upon importations of goods from foreign
countries, according to rules and regulations
to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; but upon either of the vessels which may
have been purchased as a wreck and repaired
in the United States the tax of twenty per cent,
is to be paid only upon the amount paid for
the vessel as a wreck.
Mr. NYE. I should like to know of the
honorable Senator what is the object of that
provision in regard to the Nova Scotia ship?
Mr. CHANDLER. Thatwas a mere wreck
purchased by an American citizen and brought
into and repaired in American waters, and the
tax of twenty per cent, is to be charged upon
the cost of the wreck and not upon the repairs
after she arrived in American waters.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 156) supplemental to an act to abolish and
forever prohibit the system of peonage in the
Territory of New Mexico and other parts of
the United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 157) to provide for the construction of a
wagon-road for military and postal purposes
through the Territories of Dakota, Montana,
Idaho, and Washington ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 158)
to authorize and provide for the construction
of a military and postal road from Galveston,
in the State of Texas, to Fort Gibson, in the
Indian territory, with a branch to Little Rock,
in Arkansas ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post.Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
- ; Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
,seat-obtained, leayeto introduce a bill (S. No.
159) to aid in the building of a rolling-mill in
the city of Washington ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered tobeprinted.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 160) to regulate proceedings for the natu-
ralization of aliens; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOWLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 161) granting a pension to Paulina Jones,
of Greene county, Tennessee; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions. * •
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
162) relating to the operations of the pension
laws, and for other purposes ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 163) to provide for the erection of amarket-
house in the city of Washington, District of
Columbia : which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 164) to amend an act entitled " An act for
the relief of Alexander J. Atocha," approved
February 14,1865 ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1G5)
to provide for the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line on or near the thirty-second
parallel of latitude to the Pacific occan : which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG. This bill I introduce by
request, and I desire to state that I do not com-
mit myself at all to the merits of the bill. I
know nothing about it.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 33) relating to Govern-
ment buildings at Fort Totten, Dakota Terri-
tory ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 84) authorizing the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to appoint guardians
or trustees for minor Indian children who may
be entitled to pensions or bounties under the
existing laws; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed. !
JOURNAL 01? SENATOR 3IACLAY. |
Mr. EDMUNDS. I submit the following i
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of procuring
and printing for the use of Congress tho journal of the
late William Maclay, Senator trom Pennsylvania,
containing the secret debates in the Senate prior to
the holding of public sittings by that body ; and to
report by bill or otherwise.
I wish to say in this connection, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I have received and kold in my hand
a communication from Mr. George W. Harris,
of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, an old and highly
respectable gentleman, whom I saw a day or
two since, in which he says that the journal of
Mr. Maclay, the Senator from Pennsylvania in
the First Congress, " contains sketches of de-
bates in the Senate on the mode ol communi-
cation between the two Houses, on the. subject
of titles, on the enacting clause of acts, on
the tariff bill, on the mode of acting in the
Senate on nominations by the President
whether by ballot or viva voce, on the question
whether the President had the sole power of
removal from office, on the judiciary bill, on
the permanent seat of Government, on the
assumption bill," (meaning, I suppose, the
funding bill,) " and on other subjects.''
Mr. Maclay's journal covers three sessions
of the Senate during that period when it sat
with closed doors. I understand also that
some years since a committee of Congress en-
deavored to procure these volumes, but at that
time one of them was lost. It has since been
recovered, and is now in the possession of this
gentleman, who is the husband, I believe, of a
grand-daughter of Mr. Maclay. Thinking it
a matter of much interest, I offer this resolu-
tion. and ask for its present consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I shall not oppose the
resolution going to the committee for inquiry ;
but I would say that if the manuscript of Mr.
Maclay is not more valuable than those pas-
sages which were read here I should think it
hardly worth printing. [Laughter.] It was
rather funny, but certainly not very valuable.
Mr. HOWE. Did I understand that the
proposition was to refer this to the Committee
on Printing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a resolu-
tion of inquiry addressed to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HOWE. Letme suggest to the Senator
from Vermont whether it should not go to the
Committee on the Library?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not know but that
it should. I will modify the resolution accord-
ingly.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
TIIE LEGISLATIVE HALLS.
Mr. NYE submitted the following eoncur-
rentresolution, which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Jlfunhed, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That a joint select committee be appointed, to
consist of three members of the Senate and three
members of the House of Representatives, to exam-
ine into the present condition of the Senate Cham-
ber and of the Hall of the House ot Representatives,
as regards lighting, heating, and ventilation, and
their acoustic properties, and the defects and disad-
vantages existing in the same, and the best method
of providing remedies therefor; and that they have
leave to report by bill or otherwise.
SHAWNEE LASD8.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 8) for the relief of settlers
upon the absentee Shawnee lands in Kansas.
It is a matter of some local importance to a
few settlers in my State.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The preamble recites that a large
tract of lands set apart by a treaty with the
Shawnee tribe of Indians, dated May 10,1854,
and proclaimed November 2, 1854, for the
benefit of certain absentees of the Shawnee
tribe, is now, and for many years past has
been, occupied by a large number of white set-
tlers and citizens of the State of Kansas; that
the beneficial interest of the absentee Shaw-
nees in the lands was and is absolutely for-
feited by reason of their continued absence
and noil-affiliation with the tribe; that the
lands were ordered to be publicly sold at the
United States land office at Topeka, August
3, 1803, by Abraham Lincoln, President, by
his proclamation dated March 20, 1863, and
by reason of the absence of large numbers of
the settlers from their homes in the Federal
armies tlie sale was indefinitely postponed. It
is therefore proposed by the resolution to de-
clare that all bonajide settlers now occupy-
ing the lands, or having made improvements
thereon, who arc citizens of the United States,
or who have declared their intentions to be-
come such, shall be entitled to purchase the
land so occupied by them, in tracts not to
exceed one hundred and sixty acres each at
the price of $2 25 per acre, under such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall prescribe ; but the proceeds of the
sales are to be applied in accordance with the
provisions of article two of the treaty of the
United States and the Shawnee tribe of In-
dians, proclaimed November 2, 1854.
The Committee on Indian Affairs proposed
