1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
an amendment, to strike out all after the re-
solving clause and insert:
That erieh bona fide settler now occupying said
lands and having made improvements thereon, or
the heirs-at-law of such, who is a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, or who has declared his intention to be-
come such, shall be entitled to purchase the land so
occupied and improved by him, not to exceed one
hundred and sixty acres in each case, at the price of
$2 50 per acre, under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of tho Interior shall prescribe: Pro-
vided,, however, That the proceeds of said sales shall
bo applied in accordance with the provisions be-
tween the United States and the said Shawnee In-
dians proclaimed November 2, A. D. 1854.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Kansas what the dis-
position referred to in the amendment is ?
Mr. POMEROY. This resolution was re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It authorizes the settlers on the absentee Shaw-
nee lauds, a small tract that has been ceded to
the United States, to take them in quantities
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres
each, and to pay §2 50 an acre to the Secre-
tary of the Interior in trust for the Indians,
according to the .provisions of the treaty. That
is all there is in it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed.
orlando brown.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
42) for the relief of Orlando Brown. It will
take but a moment. It was passed at the last
session.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, in the ex-
amination and settlement of the property and
money accounts of Orlando Brown, late cap-
tain and assistant quartermaster United States
Army, to credit and allow him all expenditures
of money and property made by him in good
faith under the orders, or in conformity with
orders, of his superior officers; and especially
all expenditures of quartermasters' property
made by him for the benefit of freedmen under
the orders of Major General Benjamin F. But-
ler, in like manner as if the same had been
regularly expended in the quartermaster's de-
partment.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear the report read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Abbott, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, on the 10th instant:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred tho petition of Captain Orlando Brown,
submit tho following report:
That Captain Brown was an assistant quartermas-
ter of volunteers. Under an order of Major General
B. F. Butler, known as General Order No. 46, and
also other orders. Captain Brown entered upon duty
at Norfolk as "superintendent of negro affairs;" that
his business was, as the papers before the committee
show, properly conducted as within the orders which
he received from his superior officers. His accounts
are, however, suspended for want of authority. The
only remedy is to legalize the order of General But-
ler, No. 4b. The committee recommend the passage
of the bill. #
Mr. GRIMES. That does not show anything
at all. How much is the amount?
Mr. WILSON. About six thousand dollars.
There is a large amount of papers with the bill.
Ihe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
burlington and missouri river railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. There was laid tempora-
rily on the table, during the morning hour the
day before yesterday, a joint resolution relating
to a raihoad in Iowa. I move that it be now
considered.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 2!>)
in relation to the Burlington and Missouri liiver
railroad branch of the Union Pacific railroad.
It provides that the act of Congress, approved
41st Cong. "1st Sess.—No. 9.
June 2, 1864, granting^ certain lands to the
Burlington and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany, to aid in extending its road through tho
then Territory of Nebraska, to connect with
the Union Pacific railroad, shall be so con-
strued as to authorize that company to assign
and convey to a railroad company to be organ-
ized under the laws of the State of Nebraska
all the rights, powers, and privileges granted
and conferred by the act and subject to all the
conditions and requirements therein contained,
with the additional right to change the located
line of the road so as to connect with the Union
Pacific road at any point east of the one hun-
dredth meridian of west longitude.
Mr. POMEROY. The word " June," in the
fourth line of the bill, should be changed to
" July." The act of Congress referred to was
approved " July 2," and not " June 2."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be made.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
Senator who brings this proposition forward
whether it will result in changing the rights of
any other company so as to give rise to any
equity such as we have heard of in other cases
in consequence of changes of this sort? It
proposes, I see, a change of line. I am willing
to vote for it with that assurance ; but I want
to know that no other company is to fall heir
to some claim which is to be brought forward
hereafter for compensation.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am not informed of any.
There may be, however; but still I do notknow
of any. I have investigated it somewhat, but
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] knows
more than I do about it. I understand it is
simply to allow them to shorten the line instead
of making it longer.
Mr. GRIMES. I know something about it,
and I can assure the Senator from New York
that thereis no equity or possible equity arising
in connection with it on behalf of any other
company. It does not convey an acre of land
or a dollar of money.
Mr. CONKLING. It does not deprive any
other company of a connection?
Mr. GRIMES. Nor does it deprive any
other company of a connection.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
national banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to save the next
ten minutes, I ask the Senate to take up Senate
bill No. 4-3, to provide for the distribution of
banking circulation, not with the expectation
of getting a vote upon it to-day, but to have it
read through.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 48) supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864.
The first section provides that every national
banking association selected as a depository of
public moneys, under the provisions of section
forty-five of the act entitled ''An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3,1864, shall deposit United States bonds
with the Treasurer of the United States as
security for such deposits ; and whenever the
public moneys deposited in such association
shall exceed ninety per cent, of the par value of
the bonds so held by the Treasurer as security
it shall be the duty of the Treasurer forthwith,
by draft or otherwise, to reduce the amount
ot such deposits to a sum not exceeding ninety
per cent, of the bonds deposited as herein
specified. If any officer or agent of any asso-
ciation designated as a depository of public
moneys shall pay or offer to pay any money
or other valuable consideration, directly or
indirectly, for the purpose of obtaining or re-
taining deposits ot' public moneys, or if any
officer or agent of the Government shall receive
any money or other valuable consideration,
directly or indirectly, for making such deposit
of public moneys, such officer or agent shall
be deemed gniltj; of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof in any United States court
having jurisdiction, shall be punished by a fine
of not less than $1,000, or imprisonment for
not less than ono year nor more than five years,
or both, in the discretion of the court.
The second section proposes to amend the
act of June 8, 1864, so as to provide that within
ninety days from the date of the notice served
upon the Comptroller of the Currency by any
national banking association that its share-
holders haye voted to go into liquidation, as
provided in that section, the association shall
pay over to the Treasurer of the United States
the amount of its outstanding notes in lawful
money of the United States, and take up the
bonds it has on deposit with the Treasurer for
the security ofits circulating notes, which bonds
shall be assigned to the bank in the manner
specified in the nineteenth scction of the act;
in default of which the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency shall sell the bonds to the highest bidder
at public auction at the Stock Exchange in the
city of New York, and from the proceeds
thereof pay ovpr to the Treasurer of the United
States, in lawful money, an amount equal to
the outstanding circulation of the association,
and shall pay over any surplus remaining to the
officers of the association. Any association
which has heretofore gone into liquidation under
the provisions of the section to which this is an
amendment is to pay over to the Treasurer
lawful money equal in amount to its outstand-
ing circulation within ninety days from the date
of the passage of the act, in default of which
its bonds are to be sold as thus provided. And
from that time the outstanding notes shall be
redeemed at the Treasury of the United States,
and the association and the shareholders thereof
shall be discharged from all liability therefor.
But any association winding up its affairs for
the purpose of consolidation with another bank
shall not be compelled to pay to the Treasurer
of the United States the amount of its out-
standing circulation in lawful money, nor shall
its bonds be sold as thus provided.
The third section provides that there shall
be allowed to receivers of national banking
associations, appointed in accordance with the
provisions of the national currency act, in full
compensation for their services, a salary of
$1,500 per annum, and in addition thereto a
commission of two per cent, upon the first
$100,000 ; a commission of one half of one per
cent, upon all sums above $100,000 and not
exceeding $500,000 ; and a commission of one
quarter of one per cent, on all sums over
8500,000 that may be collected ; which salary
and commission shall be paid by the Comp-
troller of the Currency out of any moneys
realized from the assets of the bank so in the
hands of the receiver ; but the payment of one
half the commissions may be reserved, in the
discretion of the Comptroller, until the affairs
of the bank are finally closed, which sum shall
then be paid to the receiver ; or, in case more
than one receiver has acted, it shall be appor-
tioned among the several receivers by the
Comptroller of the Currency according to
equity. All receivers so appointed are to be
considered officers or agents of the Govern-
ment, and have the right to bring suits in the
United States courts, and may invest the assets
of the bank in their hands in bonds of the
United States while the affairs of the bank are
in process of liquidation, which bonds shall be
deposited with the Treasurer of the United
States, subject to the order of the Comptroller
of the Currency ; and the receivers are also to
make report to the Comptroller of all their acts
and proceedings; and the Comptroller is to
sell such bonds from time lo time, in order to
make the dividend and payments provided for
in the fiftieth section of the act to which this
is supplementary. The judge of the United
