■-IW
TO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
States district court for the district ia which
such suits are brought is to fix the fees or
compensation to be allowed to the attorneys
for such receivers, having due reference to the
amount of labor performed and to the interests
of the creditors of the bank.
The fourth section provides that to secure a
better distribution of the national banking cur-
rency there may.be issued circulation notes to
banking associations organized in States and
Territories having a less banking circulation
than their pro rata share as herein set forth ;
and the circulation herein authorized shall,
within one year, if required, be withdrawn pro
rata from banks organized in States having a
circulation exceeding that provided for by the
act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to provide for a national currency
secured by pledge of United States bonds, and
to provide lor the circulation and redemption
thereof,'" approved March 3,1865; but the
amount to be ;o withdrawn shall not exceed
$20,000,000. The rate of distribution for
$150,000,000 of the circulation authorized by
law shall be according to population; and for
the remaining $150,000,000 shall be according
to the value of all property, real and personal,
within such States and Territories, the same to
be ascertained by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The Comptroller of the Currency, under
the direciiou of the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
is'to make a statement showing the amount of
circulation in each State and the amount to be
retired by each bank in accordance with this
section ; and when circulation is required he is
to make a requisition for such amount upon
such banks, commencing pro rata with banks
in States having the largest excess of circula-
tion, and reducing the circulation of banks in
States having the greatest proportion in excess,
leaving undisturbed the bauks in States having
a smaller proportion until those in greater
excess have been reduced to the same grade,
and continuing thus to make the reduction
until the full amount of $20,000,000 shall be
withdrawn; and the circulation so withdrawn
is.to be distributed among the States and Ter-
riiories having less than their proportion, and
so as to equalize the distribution of circulation
among such States and Territories upon the
basis provided by the act. Upon failure of such
ba.uk lo return the amount so required within
oneyeav, it shall be the duty of the Comptroller
of the Currency to sell at public auction, having
given twenty day s' notice in a newspaper printed
in Washington city and New York city, an
amount of bonds deposited by the bank as
security for its circulation eqtial to the circu-
lation to be withdrawn from such bank, and
with the proceeds to redeem so many of the
notes of the bank, as they come into the Treas-
ury, as will equal the amount required from it,
and shall pay the balance to tho bank. The
circulation hereiu authorized is to be issued
only as circulation is withdrawn, so that the
aggregate of circulation shall not at any time
exceed $300,000,000.
The fifth section declares that any banking
association located in any State having more
tha.n its proportion of circulation may be re-
moved to any State having less than its pro-
portion of circulation under sueh rules and
regulations as the Comptroller of the Currency,
with the approval-of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, may require.
Mr WILSON. I move to amend the bill
by striding out the fourth section and inserting
the following in lieu thereof:
That so much of section twenty-two of the act ap-
proved Jane 3 A. D. 1864, entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a plodse of
1J d itccl states bonds, 3-11(1 to pro vide for the red ©mo-
tion oik} circulation thereof," as limits the amount
of circulating notes to be issued to banking associa-
tions under said act to $300,000,000, is "hereby re-
pealed ; but the amount of note3 to be issued under
said act to banking associations shall not exceed
S3o0,000,000, and in issuing said circulating notes
preference shall be given to banking associations in
States and sections of the country not adequately
supplied with banking facilities.
fe>GC. —. And be it further enacted, That "whenever
the amount of United States notes and circulating
banks combined shall be in cxcess
of ^i^O^WthcBeoretury of the Treasury is author-
ized and required to retire and cancel United States
notes to thf1 extent of such excess until the whole
amount of United States notes outstanding shall be
reduced to §350,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it is hardly
worth while to take a vote on any amendment
to this bill now, as the tenure-of-office bill will
come up in a few moments. If there be no ob-
jection," the billhaving now been read through,
I will move that it be laid aside, so that the ,
Senate may resume the consideration of the
bill to reneal the tenure-of-office act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As but two
minutes of the morning hour remain, it will be
regarded as having expired if there be no
objection.
MESSAGE If BOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 21) authorizing the removal of the
public stables, steam saw- mill, and other build-
ings from the Capitol grounds.
The message also announced thatt.be House
insisted on its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate to the House concurrent resolu-
tion providing for a joint select Committee on
Retrenchment, agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
M. Welker of Ohio. Mr. T. A. Jexckes of
Rhode Island, and Mr. W. E. Niblack of In-
diana, managers at the conference on the part
of the House.
PRIVATE-BILL DAY.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following order,
and ask for its present consideration :
Ordered, That until otherwise provided the session
on each Friday, alter the mornins hour, shall be set
apart for the consideration of bilisand joint reso-
lutions from, the Committees on Claims. Patents,
Pennon?, Privare Land Claims, and the District
of Columbia, whicii shall severally be considered,
unless otherwise directed, in the order in which they
stand upon the Calendar.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this is a good
time for us to change the practice of the Sen-
ate, and to proceed with all bills in the order
in which they stand on the Calendar. That
used to be the practice of the Senate many-
years ago, and I hope it will be restored.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands objection to be made to the con-
sideration of the resolution, and it is not there-
fore before the Senate and is not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. It will be considered
to-morrow, I suppose.
TEKURE-OF-OI'FICE LAW,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the Senate will now re-
sume the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday. The bill (H. R. No. 3) to
repeal an act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices is before the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Nebraska
[Mr. Thayer] to the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President,when the Sen-
ate adjourned last evening I had very nearly
concluded all that I had to say on this bill at
the present time ; but I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the exact issue that is
now before us.
The House bill provides for the immediate
and unconditional repeal of the tenure-of-office
law. The amendment presented by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary strikes out the word
'"repealed" and inserts the words "suspended
until the next session of Congress," which would
in effect suspend the law until the first Monday
in December next. The Senator from Ne-
braska offers an amendment declaring thatfrom
and after the passage of this bill the law shall
be inoperative and void, which is in effect de-
claring that it shall be repealed, and further
providing very properly that at the end of ten
days after the beginning of the next session
the President shall report the appointments he
has made during vacation.
Then, Mr. President, the question before the
Senate at this time is simply between suspen-
sion until the first Monday in December and
the total repeal of the law. That is the issue
now before the Senate—the suspension of the
law for about eight months, or its total repeal,
Between the suspension of the law and the total
repeal of the law there is no intervening prin-
ciple. It is simply a question of expediency
and a question of time, for the principles which
would justify the suspension of the law for a
period however short will justify the repeal of
the law, except as a matter of expediency. On
a proposition to suspend the law until the Grst
Monday in December there would be the same
constitutional questions that would apply to
the total repeal of the law. For if the Presi-
dent has power to make removals between this
time and the first Monday of December next
he has the power to make them at ail times,
except as the law, for expediency, may prevent
the exercise of that power.
Therefore, sir, all these constitutional argu-
ments denying to the President the power of
removal, and insisting that that power is vested
by the Constitution in the Senate and President
jointly, are of no more importance than a mere
display of Chinese fireworks in the presence of
areal battle: because iftheseargumentsare well
founded the suspension of this law for a single
day is improper. If these arguments are well
founded, and this law is a good law, lei it be
retained. That is a broad practical proposition
which we can all uudersiand. if it is a good
law and a proper one let it stand upou the
statute-book as it is now; but the proposition
to suspend it for a period of eight mouths is a
confession that there is no constitutional prin-
ciple standing in the way of its repeal, and
leaves it as a mere matter of expediency.
I was discussing the point as to the total
revolution in the admini.*tration of this Gov-
ernment that the principle of this law requires.
Certainly, so far as its terms are concerned, it
applies only to the vacation, when tho senate
is not in session; but so far as its essential
principle is concerned it applies at all times.
If it is right and proper that there should be
no removals or suspensions during the vaca-
tion of the Senate except for the reasons men-
tioned in the law, the same principle should
govern the Executive during the sessions of the
Senate. Tho law provides—
"That when any officer appointed as aforesaid,
excepting judges of the United States courts!, sh.ul
during a recess of the Senate be shown, by evidence
satisfactory to tho President, to be guilty of miscon-
duct iu office or crime, or fur any reason shall become
incapable or legally disqualified to perform its du-
ties, in such ease, and in 110 otner, thePresidert may
suspend such I'fficer and designate some suitable per-
son to perform temporarily the duties of such office."
If that is a proper principle to govern the
Executive during a vacation it is a proper
principle to govern him during a session ; and
he must, as a conscientious man, feel himself
instructed during the session of Congress not
to attempt to remove any officer except for the
reasons prescribed in this law, and these rea-
sons exclude political considerations, is that
the correct principle? I deny it. 1 have not
attained to that pitch of political virtue that I
can say that men Shall not be removed from
office except for the reasons specified in this
statute. _ I believe it is a true principle, and
that political parties can only be managed suc-
cessfully upon the principle that where the party
m power have the right to remove those who
are opposed to them in principle and to place
111 power those who are equally good and hon-
est, but agree with them in political principles,
that power shall be exercised. I think that,
other things being equal, it is right to make
such changes. I believe that it is proper that
the Executive of this nation should have his
subordinate officers in harmony with himself
in political opinion. Not only his Cabinet, but
those below the Cabinet in responsible posi-
tions, other things being equal should be men
who agree with him in his general line of
policy.
But, sir, if this act shall remain the law, and
