182
THE eONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
will be construed as the language o£ distrust
and of taking him on trial. " We will try you
until the beginning of the next session of Con-
gress, and if you have not answered our ex-
pectations this law shall then return in full
force upon you."
Mr. President, there can be no reason given
for suspending this law for eight months that
would not be good for suspending it for four
years, or until the 4th of March, 1873, except
that of a -want of confidence in tke present
Executive. X do not say that these distin-
guished Senators entertain that. They say
they do not, and I believe them. But I say
that will be the universal construction put upon
it, no matter how many disclaimers there may
be; and we shall in advance have impaired the
confidence of the people in his fidelity to his
party and to his principles. W e have no right
to do that, intentionally or unintentionally. If
Senators propose simply to retain this law for
the next bad President, then let them propose
to suspend it for his Administration, to come
into operation when we may, perhaps, have a
bad President to succeed him ; but the prop-
osition to suspend it simply for a period of
eight months, invidious, exceptional, and, I
may say, curious, will receive but one inter-
pretation throughout the entire country.
If the arguments that have been offered
against the repeal of this law are good, then
Senators should retain the law as it is; but if
the argument in favor of suspending it for
eight months and the argument in favor of
keeping it on hand until we get a bad Presi-
dent are good, then the suspension should be
for the period of his Administration, and not
simply for a few months, during which time
we can determine what the character of his
Administration shall be.
Mr. President, this is all I have to say at this
time.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am for the
unconditional repeal of the civil office tenure
bill. If I was allowed, though, to make'a sug-
gestion to the advocates of the particular meas-
ure that is under discussion, I would suggest
a change in the form of the bill. It now reads :
Be it enacted, the., That an act passed the 2d of
March, 1867. entitled " An act retaliating the tenure
of certain civil offices," be, and the same is, hereby
repealed.
That is the bill as it passed the House of
Representatives. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary have reported an amendment to strike out
the word " repealed" and insert "suspended
until the next session of Congress." Now, I
would suggest to the honorable Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Tkchbbll] who reported this
amendment that he could probably better sub-
serve the reason and the' policy and the exi-
gencies of the Radical party by presenting his
amendment in about these terms: "that the
said bill is hereby suspended until an incum-
bent iu the presidential chair fills it who is op-
posed to the Radical policy." I would further
suggest this other additional form of amend-
ment: ''and until a Radical President shall
refuse to obey the dictation of the Radical Con-
gress in the administration of his office." I
think the proposition in that form, with the
amendments that I have suggested, would meet
the views of most members of the majority of
the Senate. Their object seems to me to be
to reduce and subjugate the President of the
United States in the administration of his
office to Radical dictation through the Radical
majorities of the two Houses of Congress.
I am, as I have said, for the unconditional
repeal of this law, not because of any confi-
dence that I have in President Grant; not
because of any mistrust that I have of Presi-
dent Grant; but wholly disregarding the ques-
tion of confidence or distrust in the present
President, or any future President of the Uni-
ted States, I am for repealing the civil office
tenure bill absolutely and unconditionally,
because I believe it to be an infringement upon
the constitutional powers of the office of the
President, It would be uncandid and disin-
gfctiious iu me to say that I base my action in
relation to this important subject upon any
confidence that I entertain in President Grant.
We have his clear, succinct, and condensed
declaration of his policy in his inaugural ad-
dress. It embodies the Radical policy ; it is
the Radical policy condensed and hardened ;
and I am as much against that policy when
indorsed and advocated by General Grant as I
would be without such indorsement. There-
fore, in relation to the great principles upon
which General Grant will conduct his adminis-
tration, I am free to admit thatl have no con-
fidence whatever in it.
But in another aspect of the matter 1 have
confidence in General Grant. He has in his
inaugural address given his fealty to the party
that nominated and elected him to the Presi-
dency. I expect him to carry out its policy so
far as it comes within the pale of his power to
support and carry ifr into effect. But 1 believe
that General Grant is a just and a magnani-
mous man. I came to that conclusion from
the generous terms which he proposed to Lee
and his army when they surrendered to him.
I believe that although he carries out, and in-
tends to carry out, the Radical policy, he will
do it in the spirit which animated the terms
that he gave to Lee and his capitulating army;
that he will do it as an American patriot; that
he will do it as a man of justice, of courage,
of magnanimity, and of generous impulses;
and so far as these great properties of man-
hood can operate upon him and qualify his
administration under the iron rule and prin-
ciples of the Radical party he will mollify it,
and make it not only merciful and just, but
generous. In that sense I have confidence in
General Grant, but in none other.
Now, Mr. President, I will proceed to the
discussion of the question involved in the pend-
ing bill. I admit the truth of the proposition
taken by the able Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Carpexter] who addressed the Senate
last evening, that the power to remove from
office does not constitutionally belong to the
President of the United States unless it is con-
ferred upon him by express language or by a
necessary implication resulting from the ex-
press language of the Constitution. The power
to remove from office is a separate and distinct
power from the power to appoint to office.
Still the power of removal is an executive power
of the Government as much so as the power
of appointment. Both of these powers are of
an executive character; and one of them having
been conditioned by the language of the Con-
stitution to be exercised by the President in
connection with the Senate, to wit, the power
of appointment, the President holds the power
of appointment subject to that condition ; but
the power of removal having no such condition
attached to it by the Constitution the Presi-
dent holds it independent of all conditions as
an executive power of the Government.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin last
evening read from the Constitution the words
which regulate the appointing power. I will
myself, two or three passages from the
Constitution:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representative*."
There is not a general grant of legislative
power by this language to Congress, but only of
such legislative powers as are delegated in the
Constitution. How is the language in relation
to the Executive ?
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of theUuited States ot America. He shall hold
his office during the term of four years."
As early as the contest between Pacificus,
written by Mr. Hamilton, and Helvidius, by
Mr. Madison, under President Washington's
administration, the attention of the country
was brought to the difference of language and
phraseotogy by which the powers of these two
departments of the Government were vested.
Hamilton, and many other of our statesmen
since his day, have taken the position that all
executive power, so far as it was organized by
our Constitution and so far as it entered into
our system of government, was necessarily im-
posed on the President by the general words
i%The executive power shall be vested in a
President of the United States of America.
It has been contended that all the executive
power that is established by our Constitution,
or that is authorized by the Constitution to be
established by a law of Congress, is by these
general words vested exclusively in the Presi-
dent of the United States. There cannot be
any doubt, I think, of the truth of that propo-
sition.   
I will now read the investment of power m
the judiciary department of the Government
for the purpose of showing that that is differ-
ent in iis phraseology from the language used
in relation to the executive power:
"The judicial power of the United State sball.be
vested in one Supremo Court and in such interior
courts as the CoDgress may trora time to tune ordain
and establish."
It will be observed that "the executive
power shall be vested in a President of the
United States of America" is the language
used in relation to that department; and in
relation to the legislative department, "All
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested
in a Congress of the United States, which shall
consist of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives," is the language restricting the grant of
legislative power literally, and expressly, to the
legislative powers that were delegated by the
Constitution to the Congress of the United
States. In the judicial department <:the judi-
cial power of the United States shall be vested
in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time
ordain and establish."
I do not propose to raise the question whether
there is a difference in the amount of power
vested by this language of the Constitution in
the respective departments of the Government;
but since Montesquieu wrote his able treatise
upon governmental law generally it has been
received as an axiom, as a truth by all writers
upon government, that the powers of govern-
ment divide themselves naturally into three
I classes: legislative, executive, and judicial,
i The legislative department or power of the
; Government is to make the law; the judicial
! power of the Government is to apply the law
| to all cases that may arise as they are presented
to the courts ; and the executive function of
the Government is to execute the law as well
where it is expounded by judicial judgment as
where its execution vests upon the executive
power without the intervention of the judg-
ment of a court.
The essence of all despotism is the union of
these three powers of government in one magis-
tracy or one body of magistracy. The world
for more than two centuries has accorded to
the truth of that proposition. You may unite
the three powers, the legislative, the execu-
tive, and the judicial, in a single head. If you
do he is an absolute monarch. It is a one-man
tyranny. You may combine these three pow-
ers in one plural body, and if you do there is
a numeral despotism, a despotism in the form
of an oligarchy. For the last two or three
years this despotism has assumed in our Gov-
ernment asomewhatdifferentphase. The two
Houses of Congress, the Senate and the House
of Representatives, have been gradually ab-
sorbing all the powers of the Government,
i They have assumed very largely the executive
power of the President, and although they have
not, in many cases at least, professed formally
| to seize the judicial power, they have inter-
posed again and again to prevent the judicial
department of the Government from executing
! its appropriate functions. In other words, it
i has sought to control the action of the three
! departments of the Government, and it has to
| a very considerable extent succeeded in that
' object.
| 1 maintain, as the men who act with me
! maintain, that Congress has passed its laws in
I utter disregard of the Constitution; it has
; broken down the constitutional power of the
I President to veto unconstitutional or improvi-
