1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
dent laws in utter disregard of the Constitu-
tion ; and it has passed laws to inhibit and pre-
vent the courts from taking cognizance of these
unconstitutional laws and measures in cases
as they arise in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted Stafes. I therefore conclude that the Con-
gress of the United States, by assuming and
absorbing these powers of the three depart-
ments of the Government in part, and by con-
trolling the manner in which both the execu-
tive and judicial departments should exercise
their powers, has usurped a tyranny and a des-
potism in derogation of the Constitution of the
United States and the liberties of the people.
Now, sir, I will come more directly to the
matter in hand—the power of the President of
the United States to remove from office. The
power to appoint to office exists in all Govern-
ments. The power to remove from office is as
necessary as the power of appointment, and
exists in every Government also. In all the
Governments of the world, besides those based
on the American system of government, the
power to appoint to office and the power to
remove from office are conceded to be in their
nature executive. No Senator will contend
that the power to appoint to office is a legisla-
tive power, or that it is a judicial power. It
is, in its character and nature and essence,
executive. Well, sir, where is the executive
power vested in our Government? I have read
the clause from our Constitution ; 'I will read
it again:
"Tho executive power shall bo vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
Under the force and effect of that provision
of the Constitution I assume, as an invulner-
able position, that Congress has no executive
power, and cannot, without a violation of the
Constitution and a usurpation of authority, ex-
ercise a single executive function. Here is a
general investment of all the executive power
of the Government in the President. The Con-
stitution, in a subsequent clause, proceeds to
qualify that iavestment by this provision :
" He [the President] shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur ;
and he shall nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassa-
dors," &e.
But for this qualification of the power of the
President to appoint to office would there be
any restriction on his power to appoint to office ?
The language that I before read vests him gen-
erally with all the executive power. Gentle-
men concede that to appoint to office is an
executive power. Suppose the portion of the
Constitution which I have just read in relation
to the particular manner in which the power to
appoint to office shall be exercised by the Presi-
dent and the Senate had been wholly omitted
from the Constitution ; suppose there was 110
such provision as that in the Constitution, could
it be doubted reasonably that the President, !
having all the executive power of the Govern- j
merit vested in him by the Constitution, and I
the power to appoint to office being an execu- j
tive power, one indispensably necessary for the j
administration of the Government, would of '
himself have possessed the power? With a I
view of making that proposition more clear I
will read the third section of the second article
of the Constitution:
" He [the President] shall from time to time give
to the Congress information of the state of the
Union, and recommend to their consideration such
mcasurcsas ho shall judge necessary and expedient:
he may, on extraordinary occasions, convene both
Houses, or either of them, and in case of disagree-
ment between them with respect to the time ot ad-
journment he may adjourn them to sueh time as he
shall think proper; he shall rcceivo embassadors
and other public ministers; he shall take care that
the laws be faithfully executed, and shall commis-
sion all the officer.-; ot the United States."
Now, I ask any gentleman if here is not a
complete investment of all the executive power
in the President of the United States? Look
at the language of the various clauses. In
section one of article two:
"The executive power sha.ll be vested ia-a p^esi-
dent, of the United Scate.s of America." ' ll
And then in section three of the same arti-
cle :
" lie shall take carG that the laws be faithfully
executed."
He is not to execute them himself. The
President of the United States never proceeds
in person to execute the laws. It is physically
impossible for him to do so, and it was never
contemplated by the men who framed the Con-
stitution that he should attempt it. It is still
made his duty to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed. These few words contain
an emphatic summary of executive power.
They vest executive powers in the President
of the United States commensurate with the
full meaning and force of those words. The
President is required by this provision of the
Constitution to take care that all the laws of
the United States shall be faithfully executed.
He is not required, and he could not if he was
disposed to do so, perform this duty in person.
The experience of the world and the practice
of other Governments proved that the chief
executive officer in every Government performs
the duty of seeing that the laws are executed
by other officers, by agents. How, then, was
the President to proceed ; and by what sort of
machinery, when the Constitution is manda-
tory and emphatic upon him that he shall see
that the laws are faithfully executed ? How
else can he proceed but by appointing officers
whose duty and function shall be to aid him,
under his direction and discretion, to execute
the laws?
I contend that if the provision of the Con-
stitution in relation to the President making
nominations to the Senate and making appoint-
ments to office, by and with the consent ot't.he
Senate, had been omitted, the words which in-
vestall the executive power of the Government,
in the President, and which require him to see
that the laws are faithfully executed, would be
a sufficient grant of power to authorize him to
appoint to office, because the appointment of
officers is an executive power, and the officers
themselves are the indispensable machinery by
which, and by which alone, the President of the
United States can see that the laws are faith-
fully executed.
1 think these positionsare clearly established:
1. That the power to appoint is an executive
power; that all executive power is vested in
the President; that if there was no provision
in the Constitution sharing the power to ap-
point with the Senate, and that clause was now
obliterated from the Constitution, it would
leave the President in the full, absolute, and
unconditional possession of the power to ap-
point to all offices created either by the Consti-
tution or by the laws to enable him to execute
his duty of seeing that the laws are faithfully
executed.
2 That the power to remove from office is
also an executive power; that it is as necessary
in all well ordered governments to their proper
and convenient administration as the power to
appoint to office. That this power is not spe
cially named in the Constitution I concede;
but 1 maintain as a necessary, legal, and logical
consequence from the language which I have
read, that, this executive power of removing
from office is vested by the general language of
the Constitution in the President of the United
States ; and that position is strengthened and
maintained materially by the after provision
that the President shall take care that the laws
be faithfully executed. A man may be faithful
when he is appointed to office; he may give
his aid in good conscience to the President in
enabling him to perform his duty of seeing that
the laws are faithfully executed, and he may
afterward become unfaithful, and he may
neglect or positively refuse to execute a duty
which he, as aa assistant executive officer of
the President^ should perform in the execution
of his Os&ce* Is it not indispensably necessary,
to enable-the President to see that the laws be
feithfully executed, that he shall have and exer-
cise the power to remove such a man from
office?
How else can the President see that the laws
are faithfully executed? Nobody shares with
the President that great, comprehensive, and
vital ptfwer. The courts have nothing to do
with the execution of that executive power
reposed especially and exclusively in the Pres-
ident. Congress has 110 share in the execution-
of that power. It has nothing to do with exec-
utive powers at all. It has 110 right to super-
vise the conduct of the President in the per-
formance of his duty of seeing that the laws are
faithfully executed. That is a general execu-
tive power reposed in his discretion, and 111 his
exclusive discretion ; and it is a universal rule
of constitutional and statutory law that where
a power is reposed in the discietion of an offi-
cer of the Government no other officer has
power to revise, correct, qualify, or reverse his
action in this matter of discretion. The Pres-
ident, is wholly independent of Congress and of
the courts in the performance of all the duties
of his office. In his appointments he is inde-
pendent, except as to the advisory power of the
Senate. In the execution of all his other exec-
utive powers, except negotiating treaties, he is
not only independent, of Congress, but he is
independent of the Senate. All other powers
of the Government that are of an executive
character are vested in him, in him alone, and
exclusively. He has discretionary power as to
the mode of their execution. That discretion-
ary power of his is not subject to the revision
or control of any branch of the Government.
If he abuses that power he may be impeached
by the House of Representatives and tried by
the Senate, and if found guilty rembved from
office, and that is tho only amenability or
responsibility of the President to Congress or
to anybody else.
What was the particular reason and office
of this provision of the Constitution which
shares the appointing power of the President
with the Senate ? It is subsequent to the gen-
eral language that invests the executive power
in the President. The framers of the Consti-
tution did not intend that this general, uncon-
ditional, and unlimited exercise of executive
power should remain in the President alone ;
they intended to qualify it so far as related to
the power of appointment, and therefore they
associated the Senate with him in the execu-
tion of that single and isolated executive power.
The power of removal, though being equally
executive in its character, being as necessarily
a part of the Government of the United States,
being vested in the President by the force of
the words which give him all executive power,
and which make it his duty to see that the
laws are faithfully executed, and the members
of the Convention not having thought proper
to qualify the power of removal in the Presi-
dent by sharing it with the Senate, or in any
other mode, it results logically that it remains
to the President absolutely and uncoudition-
ally.
The general rule of construction is that when
a general power is vested in any department
or officer of the Government, and it is at-
tempted by another provision to qualify and
restrict that power, the qualification is to re-
ceive a strict construction; it cannot extend
beyond the meaning and import of the words
which create the restriction upon the general
power. Therefore, as the Constitution does
not restrict or qualify the power of removal,
and as that power exists in the Government
and in all Governments, and is in its essential
character an executive power, under the gen-
eral words that the executive power shall be
vested in the President, it belongs to him.
There are 110 words in the Constitution which
restrict or qualify him in the exercise of that
, power, or share it between him and any other
department or functionary of the Government;
1 and it results logically and conclusively that it
! exists in tho President alone. Ihe President
of the United States, as the depositary of all
,1 the executive power of the Government, has,
i! by the language to whicb I have referred, the
\\ necessary power to, remove officers from office,
