1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l"3o
the Senate with the President, and that Mr.
Benton and his six great coadjutors were co-
operating to that end :
"6. A bill to prevent naval and military officers
from being dismissed the service at the pleasure of
the President."
Mr. Benton was so hard put to get the
necessary material for a hostile proclamation
that should reach the hearts and the ears of
the American people against the then Admin-
istration that he gave in his report a list of
every officer in the custom-house of New York,
and then he made but " a beggarly account of
empty boxes" in this parade which he was
making. But again:
' A bill to secure in office the faithful collectors and
disbursers of tho revenue, and to displace default-
ers."
* * X sj: * $ # su % sj-.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in all nom-
inations made by the President, to tlie Senate to fill
vacancies occasioned by an exercise of tho Presi-
dent s power to removo from office, tho fact of tho
removal shall be stated to tho Senate at the same
tunc that the nomination is made, with a statement
ot tho i easons tor which such officer may have beeii
removed.''
Did Mr. Benton propose in his batch of six
bills any one attalogous to the civil-offiee-tenure
bill? No, sir. On the contrary, in this, one
of the most important bills, be distinctly ad-
mits the power of the President to remove from
office ; and the only qualification which in that
section he proposes to impose upon it is that
the cause of removal shall be reported at the
ensuing session of Congress. That might be a
proper and constitutional and wholesome re-
suiction. Bat Mr. Benton never assumed in
his report nor in any of those bills that the
power to remove from office was not solely and
exclusively a presidential power. On the con-
trary, iu the clause which I have read he ad-
mits it. If he had been so profoundly and so
alarminely impressed with the greatmaguitude
ot the executive power of the President of the
United States, and the danger of his becoming
an absolute monarch and reducing the free
people of the country to his feet us slaves and
seifs, and lie believed that this power apper-
tained as well to the Senate as to the President
of the United States, can any man suppose that
he would have refrained from introducing some
such measure as the civil-office-tenure bill?
Could he not only have been guilty of that
neglect, that flagrant omission; but could be
at the same time have declared in express
words and provided for fhe removal of officers
from office by the President alone?
Sir, the position assumed to-day by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
is true; the power of removal exists both dur-
ing the session and during the vacation of the
Senate to the same degree, in the same form,
and to the same extent. The power of re-
moval, wherever it is deposited by-the Consti-
tution, exists with uniform vigor, operation,
and effect as well during the session of the
Senate as during its vacation. That has been
the practice of the Government, in addition
to the exclusive exercise of this power by the
President, from the beginning to the year 1867.
Now, what do gentlemeu propose to do?
My honorable friend from Michigan contends
broadly that the power of removal belongs
wholly to the President and the Senate; that
it results by implication from the power of ap-
pointment, as Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay con-
tended that it did, and as the opponents of the
exclusive cxercise of that power by the Presi-
dent in the Congress of 1789 contended that it
did. Then, if the power of removal exists under
the Constitution in the President conjointly
with the Senate, what jurisdiction has Congress
over the subject? If any legislation was neces-
sary to enable the Senate conveniently and
certainly and efficiently to exercise its portion
of this power of removal there might be some
pretext for the intervention of Congress and
for a law of Congress. But, sir, the President
exercises his power of nominating to the Sen-
ate ; the Senate exercises its power of ratify-
ing the nomination: that is, of agreeing and
consenting to the President's nomination ; and
the President then exercises his ultimate power
of appointment to office by issuing the com-
mission ; and all these acts by these function-
aries of the Government are performed under
the force and effect of the Constitution without
any legislation of Congress.
Then, if the President cannot remove from
office by his own exclusive act, if he cannot
remove except by the concurrent act of the
Senate, where is the necessity of any legisla-
tion? There is none; because when an officer
was so removed by the single act of the Presi-
dent he would assume that he was still con-
stitutionally, legally, and rightfully in office;
and when his successor or the intruder was
thrust in upon him he would have a writ sued
out against this intruder to show by what au-
thority he presumed to usurp the office. The
usurpation of office in most of the States is
made a penal offense. It may be reached by
a writ of quo warranto. It may be reached by
a private suit brought iu the name of the offi-
cer who is improperly excluded from office
against the intruder. There are various modes
in which the question may be made in the
courts by suit. No legislation whatever, then,
is necessary to vindicate the power of the Sen-
ate to concur with the President in the removal
of an officer from office.
If the power to remove from office results
by necessary implication to the President and
the Senate, it exists in those two bodies as
rightfully and as exclusively as though it had
been expressed in the plainest language. My
honorable friend will not dissent from that
legal position. Then, according to the prin-
ciple of my honorable friend, the President has
not an exclusive power under the Constitution
to remove from office ; the Senate have not an
exclusive power under the Constitution to re-
move from office; but both the President and
the Senate may remove from office, it is neces-
sary that they should concur in the act of re-
moval to make it effective ; and although this
joiitt power of the President and of the Senate
resultb by implication and not by express words
from the Constitution, it is as much the right
of each of those tribunals to take its part in
the act of removal as though it was expressed
in the plainest and clearest language in the
Constitution that both of them should concur
in that removal.
What position does this bring me to ? Yon,
gentlemen, contend that, the concurrence of the
Senate is necessary by proper implication from
the Constitution to unite with the President m
his act of removing an officer from office. You
say that that is the constitutional right of the
Senate. If it be so, by what authority can your
resolution suspend that constitutional right of
the Senate to concur in the removal of an offi-
cer until the next session of Congress? Will
my honorable and learned friend answer me
that question ? Can any legal acumen or learn-
ing answer me that question ? Can the doughty
and sharp Senator from Vermont answer that
question? Ilispositiou is thattbe concurrence of
the Senate is necessary to remove an officer from
office, that that istherighlof the Senate; thatit
is a constitutional right; that it results from im-
plication, the concurrence of the Senate being
necessary to appoint, and that the concurrence
of both branches of the appointing power to
office is necessary to displace from office. If,
then, the Senate has the constitutional right to
unite with the President in the act of removing
from office wherever its consent has been asked
for the appointment, by what authority except
by usurpation, by what policy except that of
the advancing, usurping, progressive policy in
which Congress has been so long engaged, does
it assume the authority to suspend the consti-
tutional right of the Senate until this next ses-
sion of Congress ? Why, sir, it is an absurdity ;
it has not even the guise of a sensible sophism
to say that the Senate has a constitutional right
to unite with the President in the removal of
all officers from office, and yet that the Con-
gress may pass a bill to suspend this constitu-
tional right and power of the Senate until the
next session of Congress,
Mr. HOWARD. I do not wish to interrupt
the honorable Senator's speech; but he has
confined himself apparently 10 the subject of
the removal of officers from their places. He
holds that a removal may be made absolutelv
by the President of the"United States inde-
pendently of the Senate and on his own sole
responsibility, without, reference to the Senate"
or to any law of the land. Now. I wish toask
him one question, for which I know be will
pardon me——
Mr. DAVIS. That proposition I will argue
in a moment.
Mr. HOWARD. [ wish to ask him whether
in his opinion it is, under the Constitution,
Competent for the President alone, or for the
President and Senate simply, to remove an
officer from office and to leave the office vacant
without any incumbent?
Mr. DAVIS. I will come to that branch of
the subject presently, and 1 will reply to the
question of my honorable friend. I had ar-
gued my proposition that the President has the
sole and exclusive power to remove from office :
but as the argument progressed I had departed
from that, proposition, and was arguing the
principle of the proposition of the honorab'e
Senator upon his own hypothesis. I was en-
gaged in that branch of the subject, and I had
stated that he himself assumed distinctly the
position that the power to remove from such
offices as had been filled by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate was to be by a con
current act both of the President, and the Sen-
ate. 1 was then arguing to prove that upon
that principle there was no reason, no authority,
no constitutional power by which this right and
power of the Senate to concur in the removal
of an officer from office could be suspended
until the next session of Congress by a law of
Congress; and I maintain that that position is
invulnerable ; that is granting the gentleman's
hypothesis.
One of these two propositions is certainly
true and constitutionally true: the power of
removal is vested in the President by the Con-
stitution, or the power of removal is vested in
the President with the Senate by the Constitu-
tion ; but whether this power of removal be-
longed to the President alone and exclusively,
or whether it belonged to liira with the con-
junction of the Senate—and the concurrence
of the President and the Senate is necessary
under the Constitution to remove from office—■
grant this principle, and there is 110 authority
in the Constitution by which Congress can
suspend the Senate in the exercise of the
power of concurring or liou-concurring with
the President iu the removal of au officer
until the next session of Congress, if jou
can postpone it until the next, session of Con-
gress you may postpone it until dooms-day.
You cannot postpone it at all iu either aspect
of the question. Upon neither principle of
the power of removal has Congress any right
to interfere with it. The President may nom-
inate to the Senate for office. That is a con-
stitutional power of the President. Suppose
Congress was to pass a law to shackle the right
or the power of the President to nominate to
office to the Senate, would not every sane man
laugh at such a law, its absurdity, and its ila
grant unconstitutionality? Why? Because it
is the constitutional right and power of the
President to nominate tor office to the Senate
Suppose you were to proceed further, and
were to legislate upon the power of the Senaie
to consent and agree to the nomination of the
President. There is a principle upon winch
we all accord. There is a proposition fs-itn
which there is no dissent. It is the duty of the
President to nominate to the Senate when the
Senate is iu session. It is the right and tin?
power of the Senate to advise and consent o ■
not to advise and consent to that nominal ion.
Suppose Congress was to pass a resolution to
shackle, to impose conditions upon, to susp'-nu
until the next session of Congress the power of
the Senate to advise and consent to the Presi-
dent's nomination, would not you, sir, and all
Senators reject such legislation a* eminently
