1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13T
Senator: suppose his premises be tlie true
reading of tlie Constitution, and it is necessary
that the President should have ancillary legis-
lation to enable him to execute his office of
President in seeing that the laws are faithfully
executed, and Congress, under its authority to
pass all laws that shall be necessary and proper
for that purpose, have the power to provide for
the, removal of officers from office; and suppose
the power to remove from office would never
exist in the Government by the Constitution or
by constitutional legislation until such law was
passed, and Congress passes a law.aut'horizing
the removal of an officer from office, I ask
the honorable Senator and I ask every gentle-
man upon this floor if, when Congress has es-
tablished and organized the power to remove,
its own authority over the subject is not ex-
hausted? When the power to remove is pro-
vided for by law, is not the power to remove
still an executive power? Because Congress
believes, and because the fact is that it is a case
omitted in the Constitution, that the power of
removal has not been provided for by the Con-
stitution, it is still a necessary and proper
power to be exercised; it is an executive power
when it is exercised, and until that power is
vested and. exercised the Government canHOt
be conveniently or well administered, and there-
fore Congress, under its power to pass all laws
that shall be necessary and proper to enable
the President to execute his power of seeing
that the laws are faithfully executed, passes a
law authorizing the removal of an officer from
office.
I ask the honorable Senator whether the
removal of the officer is not still, although
under congressional sanction, a purely execu-
tive act. Will any gentleman contend that to
remove an officer from office comes within the
scope of the legislative power of Congress ?
The President is authorized by Congress to
do many acts in the execution of the law and
in the execution of executive powers, but
because those powers have not been organ-
ized in the Constitution, and it becomes neces-
sary for the convenient administration of the
Government that they should be established
and organized by the law of Congress, the
power of Congress so to organize them does
not change their nature. Where they are judi-
cial powers they remain judicial; where they
are executive they remain executive. When
Congress authorizes anything to be done to aid
the judiciary in the execution of its judicial
powers, although the act creating the auxiliary
power may be legislative, still the power itself
when created inheies in the judiciary and is of
a judicial character. So an act, of Congress
may be necessary to enable Congress fully and
fairly to carry out some legislative power espe-
cially given to it by the Constitution, and then
both the act creating the auxiliary power and
the power itself, if in the nature of a legisla-
tive power, and given to assist in the execution
of some enumerated legislative power which
could not be well and efficiently executed with-
out it, would be legislative.
So when the Constitution has omitted wholly
to make provision for the removal of officers,
and that power becomes necessary, and Con-
gress established and organized that power,
after it is thus established and organized it is
an executive power and not a legislative power.
The act of the Legislature in organizing and
establishing the power is legislative ; but that
is all that Congress can do in relation to that
particular matter. The idea that because Con-
gress conceives it necessary to organize an
executive power not provided for in the Con-
stitution it thereby becomes a legislative power
is entirely fallacious. No conclusion could be
more unsound. Gentlemen must discriminate
between the act of Congress organizing and
establishing an executive power and the power
itself after it is thus organized and established.
If the honorable Senator from Wisconsin is
right, and Congress has the authority to pass a
law to establish and organize the power to re-
move from ofiiee, when that power is thus
organized by law of Congress it is as much an
executive power as though it had been pro-
vided for expressly in the Constitution itself.
All the powers that are expressly organized
and established by the Constitution need no
legislative aid. Where there are executive
powers necessary to enable the President to
execute enumerated powers the case needs
legislative aid. Now, I am not arguing upon
what I conceive to be the true principle, but
upon the premises and the principle of the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin. When this
legislative aid is invoked, when it has per-
formed its office of establishing and organ-
izing in the Government the power of remov-
ing officials, that power is still an executive
power, though the Constitution has not organ-
ized it, and though Congress by its legislation
has organized it. The act of removal would
be precisely the same whether the power of
removal was given by the Constitution or by
the law of Congress, it would not be a legis-
lative power; it would be in its nature and
essence an executive power. When the power
of Congress organizing it had been exercised
the whole constitutional authority of Congress
over the subject would be expended ; it would
have no further power. The power of removal
would then go forth and would be deposited
by and under the Constitution just as though
the power of removal had been organized by
express words in the Constitution ; and where
would it go? It would be invested under the
provision of the second,article, which declares
that " the executive power shall be vested in
a President of the United States of America."
My position is, that whether the power of
removal from office be organized by the Con-
stitution or by law the nature of the power
itself is not changed, and the power when it is
established and organized, no matter through
what agency, is in the President, because all
executive power is vested in the President. If,
for instance, the civil-office-tenure bill organ-
ized the power of removal and directed it to be
exercised by the President and by the Senate,
as therein provided for, will honorable Senators
contend that that made the power of removal
a legislative power ? The passage of the civil
tenure-of-office bill would be a legislative act,
would be an exercise of legislative power ; but
after its passage, and after the power of re-
moval from office by the President with the
concurrence of the Senate had been organized
and established by the bill, when the power
came to be exercised in the removal of future
officers, would the act of removing an olficcr
be the exercise of an executive or a legislative
power ? There can be but one answer to that
quebtion. It is not a legislative power; it is
purely an executive power without regard to
the question whether it has its origin in the
Constitution or a law of Congress. Whether
accorded by the one or the other instrument,
whenever the power is organized the general
language of the Constitution vests it in the
President.
But if the power be vested in the President
and the Senate it is as much beyond the reach
of Congress as though it was vested in the
President and the Senate by the Constitution
and not by a law of Congress. That circum-
stance makes no difference. Congress, the
gentlemen say. may organize and establish
executive power. When Congress by its law
organizes and establishes an executive power
Congress cannot exercise that executive power,
because all executive power is vested by the
most general and absolute words of the Con-
stitution in the President, or in the President
in conjunction with the Senate.
And so we reach the same conclusion, upon
the hypothesis of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, that the civil-offiee-tenure law was
properly passed by Congress under its general
power to pass all laws necessary and proper to
enable the other departments of the Govern-
ment to execute their powers ; but when these
ancillary powers were thus created by Con-
gress they were but shadows of the substance
of the principal enumerated power in whose
execution they were intended to aid. Sir, the
shadow might as well stand without the sub-
stance as gentlemen to contend that this power
can stand as a legislative power, because as a
legislative power there is no principal, no enu-
merated grant which it aids to be carried into
execution. It is only the substantive enumer-
ated power of the President, the executive
power of the President to see that the laws are
faithfully executed. The power to appoint to
office, gentlemen say, is an executive power
exercised by the President and the Senate, and
over which Congress has no cognizance what-
ever. That is the substance of this shadow;
the principal power of this ancillary power to
remove from office ; and that shadow must fol-
low its substance: that ancillary power must
follow its principal power; that principal power
is to execute the laws of the United States, and
that is an executive power, and all powers given
in aid of that executive power are executive
powers, and nothing else.
Mr. President, my reason has brought me
to this conclusion: that you may adopt the
hypothesis that the power of removal is ex-
clusively a presidential power, or you may
adopt the hypothesis that it is a power shared
by the Constitution between the President and
the Senate, or you may adopt the hypothesis
that it is a power created by the law of Con-
gress, by the civil-office-tenure act, and shared
by that act between the President and the
Senate, and still the removal of an officer is
not a legislative power over which Congress
has any control; it is in its nature and essence
an executive power. It was intended, and its
whole meaning and effect is to give aid and
assistance in the execution of executive powers,
and therefore the bill that is now pending to
suspend its execution by the Senate and by
the President, and to let the President alone
execute it until the next session of Congress,
in any view that can be taken of the subject
that is at all reasonable and that comports
with the Constitution and the law, cannot be
sustained. The power of Congress to pass the
measure under consideration does not exist,
and it should not pass in that shape.
Mr. BROWNLOW. Mr. President, I am
opposed to the repeal of the tenure-ofoffice
law. I will favor its modification in such points
as experience shall have proven it to work badly.
Ours is a Government of laws, not ot men j
and in considering any proposition before this
body I connot be governed by anything so un-
reliable as individual character or so evanes-
cent as individual life. A structure based as
this Republic is upon the immutable principles
of justice — acknowledging only rights, not
privileges—cannot afford to depai't from these
out of deference to any individual, however
exalted his name, however unimpeachable his
integrity, however pure his patriotism. The
vicissitudes of life surround the highest and
most powerful, and he whom we would gratify
by a privileged measure might pass away with
the ink of his signature undried upon the
parchment.
Men are nothing; the Republic is every-
thing. Individuals die: but the people are
eternal. Our duty is so to legislate as to pro-
tect society and leave unimpaired the institu-
tions of our fathers for the benefit of posterity.
In no instance have these institutions been
subjected to a greater strain than in the abuse
of executive patronage. From the day when
Andrew Jackson assumed the right to lemove
all civil officers at will, and used the patronage
of the Government to enforce an executive
policy, up to the date of the passage of the civil-
tenure law, statesmanship became powerless
in the halls of legislation. Before the cor-
rupting influence of patronage the genius and
statesmanship of the Republic went down, until
only the driveling diatribes of conspirators or
the idiotic plaints of doughfaces were heard
within this Capitol. No measure could pass
here unless it was an administration measure.
Amid the baying of the hounds that fed upon
i the flesh-pots of Egypt the wisdom of Webster
! and the genius of Clay went unheeded._ They
i sank into their graves without realizing the
