1.88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
triumph of that great system of public economy
for which they struggled, and have only been
vindicated since their death. The money power
of this Government is stronger than reason
when wielded by a single will for the accom-
plishment of a given object.
We have just escaped being ingulfed in
anarchy by its abuse in the hands of Andrew
Johuson ; and as we are told in Holy Writ that
"that which hath been shall be," itisnotonly
•probable but absolutely certain that in the
future some one with as great a lust of power
as he will attain the Presidency. As we make
-laws not to restrain the good in the perform-
ance-of duty, but the bad from an abnse of
power, I must vote on this, as on all questions,
irrespective of men and for the protection of
society.
The enactment of the civil-tenure bill marked
an era in the political history of our country.
It was the first effective measure ever adopted
to clip the soaring wings of executive usurpa-
tion and restrain official patronage within its
constitutional limits.
It was not the first time such a measure had
been proposed, for it was once a pet measure
of the Democratic party. In the session of
1825-26 a committee, consisting of such emi-
nent Democrats as Martin Van Buren, Thomas
H. Benton, Hugh L. White of Tennessee,
Richard M. Johnson of Kentucky, and Hayne
of South Carolina, reported six different bills
intended to hedge in John Quincy Adams, a
moderate man, who did not remove half a
dozen officeholders duiing his whole admin-
istration. They were wise men in their gener-
ation ; and had I been in Congress with them
I should have voted for the measures they re-
ported, which were intended, among other
things, "to secure in office the faithful col-
lectors and disbursers of revenue, and to dis-
place defaulters "to regulate the appoint-
ment _ of postmasters" and of cadets and
midshipmen, and to prevent military and naval
officers from being dismissed the service at the
pleasure of the President.
The President's power to remove from office
is constructively derived from his power to
appoint to office; but as his power of appoint-
ment is made subject to the confirmation of the
Senate, and the commissions for temporary
appointments made during the recess constitu-
tionally expire at the end of the next term of
the Senate, it is conclusive that an appoint-
ment by the President alone confers no official
power, but is merely an initiatory step which
needs the action of the Senate to perfect it.
It is his privilege to nominate, ours to con-
firm; and it is the nomination and confirma-
tion that constitute a true appointment.
By the Constitution the power to remove is
not conferred upon the President, and yet it
has been exercised more absolutely than the
power to appoint, which is conferred under
regulation. If derived from the power to
appoint, it certainly must be limited by the
constitutional restrictions thrown around that
power, and subject, further, to regulation by
law under that clause of the Constitution which
authorizes Congress to pass all laws necessary
to carry into effect the powers conferred upon
\ 6 ®ov.ernmen!' °r al|y department thereof.
At the time these bills were introduced by the
Democratic committee which I have named,
the commissions of Army and Navy officers
made their appointment read: "During the
pleasure of the President." This clause was
copied from the commissions of the British
Government, and in making Army and Navy
officers subject to dismissal at the will 0f the
President was held to have departed from the
principles of our republican institutions and
to lessen the independence of officers. To
secure the independence of Army and Navy
officers, the Democratic bill of 1825 proposed
to define the tenure by which they held their
commissions and substitute the words "good
behavior" for the clause '-during the pleasure
of the-President."
The constitutionality of the civil tenure bill
is to my mind unquestionable, and th.; neces-
sity for such a law has been long demonstrated,
as we know, by sad experience.
Why, then, should it be repealed? Gentle-
men say here, to show our confidence in Presi-
dent Grant. There is no man in this Chamber
who possesses greater confidence in the piinci-
ples and patriotism of that distinguished offi-
cer than I. He was a good soldier and a
successful general, and I have every reason to
hope he will make a good President; but I do
not conceive that his merit has anything to do
with the question. In the enactment of laws
I know no man. It is the abstract justice or
right of the law I am to consider, for that may
remain upon the statute-book centuries after
the present President and all who now hear me
shall have passed away.
The question is one of vast importance—no
less, in fact, than whether the executive branch
of this Government shall control the legisla-
tion of the country through patronage ? Shall
this be a Government of officeholders or a
Government of the people ? Shall the laws be
made by the representatives of the people for
their benefit or be dictated by public function-
aries under the overpowering pressure of the
executive will, as in time3 gone by ? I invoke
the shades of Clay and Webster and that bril-
liant constellation of noble statesmen who
were crushed by the imperious will of Andrew
Jackson to inspire the men of this day to duty.
Let us hope that the long executive despotism
is ended; that the day has come when reason
and not patronage shall rule, and when Presi-
dents have learned that the Government is not
their personal property, but the property of the
people.
We want Presidents to execute the laws, not
to make them. We want an Executive with-
out a policy, whose duty will be found in the
Constitution and laws of his country. The !
restless ambition of Presidents has been a con- !
stant source of trouble to the country, and their :
methods have been the jointure of'conspiracy ;
and patronage.
After the late lamentable exhibition of what
comes of a presidential policy, is it not mar-
velous that any Senator should be willing again
to throw down the barriers which restrain him ?
As a remedial measure, the tenui-e-of-office
bill came too late, for President Johnson had
already made changes 111 nearly every import-
ant office in the country. It cannot be sup-
posed that I am desirous of protecting his
appointees in place or of thwarting the Pres-
ident in his laudable efforts to purify the public
service. On the contrary, I wish to see him
sweep out the Augean stable. I want to see
him turn out of office all who are unworthy and
fill their places with good and true men ; and
then I want the civil tenure law to protect
those good and true men in their places, if
President Grant should die or after his term
expires.
In the performance of this duty he will find
no obstacle here. Nobody doubts his right to
supersede incumbents with the consent of the
Senate. If he nominates proper met) they will
be confirmed without hesitation, and if he nom-
inates improper men they ought not to be con-
firmed. 1 assume and beiieve tbat he will only
submit to us true men, men untainted with the
sin of rebellion, men whose clothes smell not
of the smoke of loyal homes, who have not
laid the hand of desolation on our hearths,
who have no blood of murdered Unionists
calling to them from the ground.
We want the true and tried friends of our
cause to fill the places of power and profit.
God knows they need some solace for the eight
years of agony they have endured. Let the
men of the South, whothrough devotion to our
flag were compelled to find refuge in the mount-
ains, and those who suffered the pains of sep-
aration from their families and imprisonment
in the prison-pens of Jeff. Davis, now find their
reward. The country they have loved with the
devotion of children to a mother should not
forget them.
[Mr. Brownlow's speech was read from the
desk bv ihe Chief Clerk, by permission of the
j Senate, in consequence of Mr. Buownlow's
j feeble condition.]
! Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I do not pro-
| pose at this hour of the discussion to enter upon
j the broad constitutional questions that the
| measure before us gives rise to. Inviting ns
j that field may be to one who is just enterii-g
i upon it, it certainly cannot but be uninviting t<
j a gleaner in it, for such he must be who enters
! upon it now after the protracted discussions
; upon the tenure-of-office bill itself, upon its
: vindication in the recent historic trial which
| occurred in this Chamber, and upon themeas-
; ure now before us 
: Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, with the
' consent of the Senator from Pennsylvania I
| ask the privilege of making a motion to adjourn,
for I think we shall not get through with this
! bill to-day.
j Mr. WILSON. Let us have a meeting to-
' night. ["No!" "No!"]
| The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
' from Pennsylvania yield to the Senator from
; Michigan'?
: Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
j Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the motion for
j a moment to accommodate the Senator from
■ Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the motion to
: adjourn is put, which the Senator from Michi-
l gan has kindly withdrawn for the moment, I
, desire to say to the Senate that I have taken
j some pains to ascertain about how much dis-
I cussion will be likely to follow, and I under-
i stand that there are several Senators who de-
| sign saying something more, but not a great
; number, so far as I can ascertain. It would
• prolong our session to attempt to sit the bill
| out to-night; but I wish to give notice to Sen-
i ators that if sustained by the Senate I shall
| insist upon a vote to-morrow evening before
1 we adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
, do now adjourn.
I The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
■ adjourned.
! HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday; March 18, 1S69.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bttleh.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REMOVAL OF BUILDINGS.
j Mr. HOPKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
| sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
1 table the joint resolution (S. R. No. 21) au-
| thorizing the removal of the public stable?,
j steam saw-mill, and other buildings from the
Capitol grounds, for the purpose of putting it
upon its passage. I will state that the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds have
examinedthis joint resolution, and are unani-
mously of the opinion that it ought to puss,
ihe join11esolution wusreud. it authorises
the officer in charge of the Capitol exteiu-ton
to clear from the Capitol grounds the public
stables, steam saw-uiill, and such other build-
ings as are of no further use to the work on
the Capitol extension.
Mr. WELKER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin whether, if these public
buildings are removed from their present site
it will not necessitate an additional expendi-
ture on the part of the Government for pubis.'
stables ?
Mr. HOPKINS. I would state that t'ut>
architect lias informed me that they are • ■>
longernecessary here and are a public nuiW
and he desires to have them removed. Sou -
of these buildings were erected for the accom-
modation of the laborers at work while the
Capitol was being built, and are no longer neces-
sary. They are really an incumbrance and a
nuisance, and be simply desires authority of'
Congress to remove them.
There was no objection: and the joint reso-
lution was taken from the Speaker's table and
read a first and second time.
