140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18.
in this case has been submitted to the Com-
mittee of Elections. The House referred to
the committee the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania, and a certain letter or
alleged supplementary proclamation of the
Governor, accompanied with certain affidavits,
and instructed the committee to ascertain and
report what person, according to that procla-
mation, that letter, and those affidavits, is en-
titled prima facie to aseatin this House? The
committee have already heard that question.
It has been argued completely, and is ready
for the decision of the committee. I thought
I ought to make this statement in justice to all
concerned.
Mr. BURR. Does the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] mean to intimate that there
has been as yet any decision expressed or
implied of the committee upon the ease so far
as heard ?
Mr. PAINE. No, Mr. Speaker; nodeeision
has been made. As I have said, the question
is ready for a decision. No member of the
committee, so far as I am aware, has intimated
an opinion upon the question.
Mr. BURR. I ask the gentleman whether,
in his judgment, the submission of further evi-
dence to the committee by the House would
prejudice the rights of either of these parties
or of the public?
Mr. PAINE. I cannot see how it would.
Mr. WOODWARD. Very well. Now, Mr.
Speaker, the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Paine] has given the best possible reason 
Mr. SCOfc'IELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
purpose to participate in this debate beyond
explaining to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Woodward] why I introduced the
resolution of the 5th of the present month,
which he seems to intimate I had some pecu-
liar motive for introducing. I will say to the
gentleman that the experience I have had in
determining what constitutes a prima facie case
in a Pennsylvania election was what prompted
me to introduce the resolution. In the Con-
gress before the last that question was sub-
mitted without limitation to the Committee of
Elections in the case of Koontz vs. Coffroth,
and many days of the time of the committee
were spent in determining what was embraced
in the resolution instructing the committee to
determine a prima facie ease.
I will state to the gentleman my theory upon
that point which induced me to offer the res-
olution limiting the investigations of the com-
mittee. A prima facie case is very different
from a case upon its merits, as the gentleman
knows; and I was not prompted by the motive
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] says he was, to give the seat, or to
give such directions to the investigation as
would lead to the giving of the seat on a prima
facie case, to the man who had the ultimate
right to it. I think more of these prima facie
cases, perhaps, than the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, for the organization of the House
depends upon the strict observance of and
regard to the right'of prima facie cases ; and
it is not upon evidence that can be brought in
from outside that we are to determine what is
a jprima facie case. A prima facie case is the
evidence furnished according to the law of the
State to_ the party claiming to be elected,
which evidence he brings here, and upon the
strength of which ther House must be organized.
• j ,In Pennsylvania there are very many
certifying officers, and each is prima facie for
a particular purpose. In a congressional elec-
tion the man who presides over the polls in a
particular precinct certifies the result to the
county board. As far as the county board is
concerned that is prima facie evidence of the
result at the polls, Then the county board
certifies that result to the district board, and
so far as the district board is concerned that
result so certified is prima facie to them. Then
the law requires the district, board to take these
certificates and certify them to the Governor,
and then requires the Governor to issue his
proclamation as to who, according to these
certificates, is elected. My theory is that the
proclamation of the Governor and the evidence
upon which he bases his proclamation are what
constitutes the prima facie evidence, and be-
cause of the inability of the committee in a
former Congress to determine what constituted
a. prima facie case I saw fit to limit in my res-
olution the investigation of the Committee of
Elections to what constitutes to the Governor
the evidence of a prima facie case, so as to
take that before the Committee of Elections
with the Governor's certificate, and upon that
to pronounce the prima fade case, and let the
party who has it take his seat.
Mr. WOODWARD. Why not include these
papers ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to exclude
anything which comes within the province of
the Governorof Pennsylvania, and to that end
I so drew the resolution which I submitted.
Mr. WOODWARD. What objection has the
gentleman to my sending these returns to the
committee?
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to con-
fining this investigation to the duty which the
law of Pennsylvania devolves upon the Gov-
ernor in order to determine who has the prima
facie case; but I did object—and that is why I
limited the resolution—to going beyond what
the Governor could not go beyond.
Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to say in reply
to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
that if any reason was needed for the adoption
of my resolution it is furnished bv the statement
he has made. He has told the House that the
committee are now about to decide a prima
facie case. My resolution simply contemplates
that the committee shall have all the evidence
before them upon which that prima facie ease
is to depend. To that the gentleman cannot
certainly object, and he does not object, as I
understand.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman did not
understand me to make my statement for the
purpose of influencing members of the House
one way or the other. I merely stated my un-
derstanding of the exact position of the case.
Mr. WOODWARD. I understand the gen-
tleman. Now, in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I have to say that I insinuated
nothing the other day in regard to the motive
with which he offered the resolution. I merely
stated the fact, and brought forward the cus-
tomary resolution on such occasions. Indeed,
I copied it from the record of a former ease in
a preceding Congress, and it onght to have
gone, as several similar resolutions have since
gone, unquestioned to the Committee of Elec-
tions. The gentleman from Massachusetts chose
to offer a substitute for my resolution, which
was adopted, referring only the proclamation
and letter of the Governor and certain volun-
tary affidavits to the committee. My proposi-
tion now is that all the evidence in the Clerk's
hands shall be submitted to the committee.
That is the whole of it.
Let me say, however, Mr. Speaker, that when
the proper time comes—\rhich is not yet—to
discuss the^ effect of this law, and the title of
the respective claimants to a seat in this House,
I shall remember with gratitude the instruction
I have received from the gentleman lrom Mas-
sachusetts in regard to the law of Pennsylvania.
But I shall claim also to state to the House the
law of Pennsylvania as bearing upon a prima
facie case, and I shall ask the House to take
the statement not from my knowledge nor that
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, but from
the legal authorities of the State of Pennsyl-
vania. The House will see that so far from
such a question being raised as the gentleman
from Massachusetts has chosen to discuss now
in advance, according to the legal authorities
of Pennsylvania the Governor of the State of
Pennsylvania was concluded by the returns of
the return judges, and it was his sworn duty to
certify the result of those returns to this House
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would ask my colleague
how he gets along with the case of Butler vs.
Lehman, where a Democratic judge went be-
hind the forms when they were perfect?
Mr. WOODWARD. This House is made
by the Constitution the sole judge of the qual-
ifications of its members. The Governor of
Pennsylvania is not the judge of the qualifica-
tions of the members of this House. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts mistakes the law
of Pennsylvania when he supposes that the
Governor of Pennsylvania can make a prima
facie ease for this House.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask who does
make a prima facie case ?
Mr. WOODWARD. That question is not
here now. It will be here by and by.
Mr. DAWES. Some one has given to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania evidence of his
right to his seat. I would like to inquire of
him who did? From whom did the Clerk of
the House obtain the evidence that led him to
put the gentleman's own name upon the roll?
Mr. WOODWARD. Well, I will answer
the question. The Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives acts under an act of Congress that
requires him to make up the roll from the cre-
dentials.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I want to know what
the credentials were.
Mr. WOODWARD. The word is "creden-
tials." There is no act of Congress that re-
quires the Clerk to have the proclamation of
the Governor. There is not a word about the
proclamation of the Governor.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not
answer my question. Either he has got the
evidence of his title to his seat or he has not
got it. Now what is it?
Mr. WOODWARD. I will answer the gen-
tleman's question if he will allow me to. I
say that the Clerk of the House makes up the
roll from the credentials presented to him.
Those credentials in Pennsylvania are gen-
erally the proclamation of the Governor. In
this case there is no proclamation, and there-
fore there are no such credentials. But upon the
general principle of law, which must be famil-
iar to the gentleman from Massachusetts,wheu
primary evidence of a fact is not to be had
you may go into secondary evidence of that
fact; and so that you establish the fact,whether
by primary or secondary evidence, it is as well
established by the one class of evidence as by
the other.
Now, whatl propose is this: that as the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania has not proclaimed that
anybody was elected from the twenty-first dis-
trict, and as the gentleman has selected in his
resolution certain voluntary and gossiping affi-
davits, taken we know not when nor by whom,
and made we know not by whom, and has sent
them to the Committee of Elections, I pro-
pose that the House shall send the sworn cer-
tified returns of the return judges to the Com-
mittee of Eiections.
Mr. DAWES. This whole investigation
proceeds upon the ground that there is no
prima facie evidence here, and the Committee
of Elections were instructed to inquire who
had the evidence. If there had been a prima
facie case, if the Governor had proclaimed as
to the twenty-first district as he did as to the
sixteenth district, as to the gentleman's dis-
trict, there would have been 110 occasion for
this. It is because it was the duty of the Gov-
ernor to furnish prima facie evidence and ihe
Governor had failed to do so that the commit-
tee were instructed to go where the Governor
failed to go and take the evidence that lay be-
fore the Governor and see if they could tell
from it who had prima facie evidence of a
right to the seat.
Mr. WOODWARD. I have not complained
of the gentleman for referring those docu-
ments to the committee. I only insist that the
committee shall have all the documents.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I resume the floor. It
is very plausible 011 the part of ray colleague
to say that the committee should have ail the
papers, but he disclosesin this discussion what
