1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
his object is. When the Governor has exam-
ined the returns that are by law to be filed in
the office of the secretary of State and made
his report to Congress, and that report is in
the first place that it appeared nobody was
elected, and in the second place, by a supple-
mental paper, that it appears that Mr. Covode
was elected, the gentleman wishes now that the
matter shall go to the Committee of Elections
in such shape as that thev will take the certifi-
cates from the return judges below and con-
clude the whole case upon them. Those cer-
tificates were passed upon by the Governor, and
the Governor's report upon them concludes us
until after the Committee of Elections shall
report a case.
There were three of these return judges. One
of them certified that Mr. Covode had a major-
ity of 325 votes. The other two judges, Demo-
crats, certified that Mr. Foster had a majority
of 41 votes. Now, what can the Committee of
Elections make out of these returns, if they are
required to take them and determine who has
the prima facie right to the seat here? The
Republican return judge has certified that the
candidate with whom he is in political sympa-
thy has received a majority of 325 votes. The
other two return judges have certified that their
political-friend has received a majority of 41
votes.
By the instructions to the Committee of
Elections, under the resolution of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the
committee are first to take the certificate of the
Governor, which is slwaysprimafacieevidence
of title, if it means anything, if the commit-
tee shall come to the conclusion that the sup-
plemental certificate of the Governor is not
good and not binding upon the committee and
upon this House then they are authorized to
go back upon affidavits to ascertain what were
the facts, not merely to say here are two Demo-
cratic judges who certify that one man received
a majority of 41 votes, and here is a Repub-
lican judge who certifies that another mail
received a majority of 325 votes ; then add the
two alleged majorities together, divide the total
by three, or something of that kind, as the
gentleman on the other side seems to desire.
The Committee of Elections are to go back to
the affidavits. And that is what the gentleman
always did in his own court. When the prima
facie title was not shown he resorted to affida-
vits to settle the case and then granted a rule
to the other side to take testimony. We pro-
pose to let one of these claimants take this
seat and grant an order to the other claimant
to take testimony and contest it.
The resolution of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Daives] proposed that the man
who appeared from the evidence of the certifi-
cate ot the Governor, if that was to be found,
and if not from the affidavits, to have had a
majority of the votes, shall take the seat pend-
ing the contest, inasmuch as one of them must
have it, and the other party gets his rule to take
testimony. That is all; and upon that position
1 think we ought to rest; I am content to rest
it upon that. And although my fiiend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] differed with me
in that regard in the case of Coffroth as.
Koontz, I hold that the rule is that when the
prima facie evidence is wanting the seat should
be given upon such evidence as there is to show
who was entitled to the seat. Therefore I am
in favor of deciding this case in the same way ;
and then, when we come to the evidence, if it
does not sustain the affidavits, if they are found
to be false, of course the other claimant would
get the seat. But the affidavits are the prima
facie evidence for the present. I now move
that the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion ? I wish to submit a few
remarks upon the question before the House.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Certainly; I will withdraw
it for three minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not propose to
speak upon this question unless 1 can get more
than three minutes. I do not often trouble the
House, and I insist upon my right as a member
to speak without having my time parceled out
to me by any gentleman.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will five minutes do ? I
have already yielded the most of my time to
gentlemen upon the other side.
Mr. MARSHALL. I want to speak but a
short time ; but I do not wish to be limited.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will yield five minutes
to the gentleman, if he wishes to take that time.
If not, then I shall insist upon my motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. I suppose I shall have
to accept the niggardly courtesy of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.] But
I protest against the system which has been
adopted in this House of cutting off debate in
this way upon important questions. There can
be no question of greater importance than 
Mr. SCOFIELD. If I am entitled to re-
sume the floor, after having applied to me such
language as has just been used by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] I will do
so. I yielded to him five minutes, which he is
pleased to call "niggardly courtesy" on my
part. Yet I have yielded nearly all my time to
gentlemen on the other side, and I think the
gentleman from Illinois ought to have been
satisfied with the time I yielded to him. The
House will not be willing- to have this matter
discussed all the morning. Most of the time
already taken up in the discussion has been
occupied by gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know by what
right the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] claims to control the discussion of
this question. I think it is an assumption of
right that does not belong to him. If the House
acknowledges his right to do so, very well. I
will not acknowledge myself as owing anything
to the gentleman for granting what he should
not attempt to control. I am a member of
this House, and do not intend in any way to
admit the justice or propriety of the practice
of permitting one member to determine how
long his peers shall speak upon questions before
the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then, if the gentleman
does not wish any of my time, let him surrender
the five minutes which I gave him. I had the
floor for an hour, and 1 thought he wanted
some of my time.
Mr. MARSHALL. I thought, Mr. Speaker,
that when the gentleman from Pennsylvania
had concluded the remarks he had to make on
this question he would surrender the floor that
it miglit be occupied by other gentlemen.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I had the floor, and de-
sired before I resigned it to make the motion
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. WOODWARD. I supposed that I was
entitled to the floor for an hour, and that my
colleague [Mr. Scofield] was speaking by my
leave.
Several Members. Certainly.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Thegentleman was obliged
to resign the floor when he called the pre-
vious question. That not being, sustained I
sought the floor and obtained it by the recog-
nition of the Chair. But the demand for the
previous question cut off the hour to which the
gentleman would have been entitled ; and the
gentleman made that demand himself.
Mr. WOODWARD. I submit to the Chair
this question of order: when a member offers
a resolution and calls the previous question
upon it, and the House does not sustain the pre-
vious question, has not that gentleman a right
to the floor to discuss his resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that the rale is directly the contrary of what
the gentleman suggests. Thegentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] offered a res-
olution aud called the previous question upon
it. The previous question was not seconded,
and thereupon some gentleman who repre-
sented the adverse side was entitled to the
floor, and the Chair recognized the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] the chairman
of the Committee of Elections. Thegentleman
from Wisconsin surrendered the floor, as the
Chair understood, to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofield.] But the gentleman
who offered the resolution and called the pre-
vious question lost his control of the floor,
according to the uniform parliamentary usage,
when the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I did not propose to
trouble the House with a word in the way of
debate, and I would not have done so if the
previous question had been sustained.
The SPEAKER. If the House had sustained
the previous question thegentleman who offered
the resolution would, in all the subsequent
stages of itsconsideration, have been entitled to
the control of the floor.
Mr. WOODWARD. I did not propose to
occupy any of the time of the House if the
previous question had been sustained ; but, Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from Illinois 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] five minutes, if
he chooses to take them.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask the Chair to state
who is entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scofield] has been recognized
as holding the floor. He obtained it after the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paine,] to
whom the floor was awarded after the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] failed
to get the previous question seconded. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.ScoFiELD,]
having obtained the floor, is entitled to it for
an hour.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] must speak by
the favor of my colleague, [Mr. Scofield.]
The SPEAKER. It is m accordance with
the uniform usage of the House.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then I pity the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
Illinois speaks in my hour he must speak by
my consent.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order. My colleague [Mr. Scofield]
has made a motion to lay the resolution on the
table. Is that debatable ?
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdrew the motion, and yielded to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Marshall]
for bve minutes, which will now begin.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I can but
repeat the expression of my regret that more
time is not allowed to members who wish to
discuss a question of this kind. There cannot
be a question of greater importance than that
of the right of a member to a seat upon this
floor and the right of any constituency to be
honestly, tauiy, and properly represented by
those whom they select for that purpose.
In passing upon such a question no gentle-
man can, without the highest dishonor, permit
himself to be governed by partisan consider-
ations. I repeat that any gentleman who
knowingly permits his party predilections to
control his action in the decision of a question
submitted to him as a judge is guilty of an act
of the highest dishonor. One who would do
that could not be trusted with the rights of any
citizen where there was a strong motive for the
perpetration of a wrong. Unfortunately, the
action of the House of Representatives for
the last few years has been ot such a character
as to fix m many cases a stigma upon it that
has dishonored it in the eyes of the people of
all parties throughout this country.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire whether he means that as an
accusation or simply as an admission? If il
is an admission 
Mr. MAilSHALL. I have not time to yield,
unless it is extended. I do not intend it now
as an accusation. I speak of a fact well known,
that such an impression has gone abroad through
the country, that the decisions of the House of
Representatives for the last few years upon
questions relating to the rights of members to
seats on this floor are not governed by prin-
ciples of law or justice. Tlie accusation lias
appeared repeatedly in the leading papers of
