THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marck 18,
and for other purposes," approved July 2,1862. shall,
oil the passage of this resolution, be removed there-
from; and it shsll be the duty of the district com-
manders to fill the vacancies so created by the ap-
pointment of persons who can take said oath:
Provided, That the provisions of this resolution shall
not apply to persons -who by reason of the removal
of their disabilities, as provided in the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, shall have qualified
for any office in pursuance of the act entitled " An
act prescribing an oath of office by persons from
whom legal disabilities shall have been removed,"
approved July 11,1868: And provided further. That
this resolution shall not take effect until thirty days
from and after its passage: And it is further provided.
That this resolution shall bo, and is hereby, extended
to arid made applicable to the State of Mississippi.
■ Mr. FARNSWORTH. The object of this
resolution, which has come to us from the Sen-
ate, the Committee on Eeconstruction think is
fully attained by the amendment we have re-
ported. It is to give the military commandant
ofthe States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
further time in which to make removals and fill
vacancies caused by thepassage ofthe lawwbich
has just been read. The pending joint resolu-
tion is more particularly applicable to Virginia,
from the fact that in that State a provisional
government was set up known as thePeirpoint
government, and under the constitution which
the convention at that time adopted the offices
of the State were filled in large part by men
who could not take what is knoivn as the iron-
clad or test-oath. That is more particularly
the case in Virginia than in either Texas or
Mississippi, where the offices have been filled
by military commandants more than in the
State of Virginia. The law which we passed at
the lastsessionprovided that allcivil officers who
.could not take the test-oath should be removed.
But it provided also, and the language of the
provision is a little singular, that the resolution
should not take effect until thirty days from and
after its passage. The President did not sign
the resolution, bat it became a law by his not
returning it to the Senate, where it originated,
with his objections. The commandant of Vir-
ginia, General Stoneman, construed the reso-
lution to be a prohibition upon him from re-
moving officers until the end of the thirty days.
The thirty days expire to-day. Two or three
days ago the Senate passed a resolution ex-
tending the time and sent it to the House, and
the Committee on Reconstruction think the
resolution ought to be acted on to-day. It is
probably known to the House generally that
General Stoneman has already been relieved
of his command and General Canby ordered
to succeed him, but the change of commanders
has not actually taken place, General Canby
not yet being there and General Stoneman
holding on until the arrival of General Canby.
The only effect of this resolution is to give Gen-
eral Canby during these thirty days lee-way to
discharge and appoint these various officers, so
that t.he-State snail not be left in one day with-
out any officers.
Mr. SCOFIELIX Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. SCOBTELD. It has occurred to me,
inasmuch as the Constitution provides that
these men shall not hold office, and provides
also that Congress, by a two-thirds vote, may
remove their disabilities, that this resolution
is unconstitutional unless it is construed to be
."a removal of the disabilities for thirty days;
and then the question is whether we have a
right to remove them for thirty days unless we
remove them altogether. I would ask whether
the legal construction of this joint resolution,
if we relieve these gentlemen for thirty days,
will not be that we have relieved them for all
time, and if it is not therefore really a resolu-
tion to remove disabilities?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir; the gentle-
man is mistaken in his premises. Of course
Congress cannot qualify a man who is disqual-
ified by a constitutional provision in any other
mode than that pointed out by the Constitution
itself. But there is another class of men who
are disqualified by the test-oath and not by any
constitutional provision. Men who are dis-
qualified from holding office by the third sec-
tion. of the. fourteenth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution of course cannot be
kept in office by this joint resolution if their
disabilities are not removed by a two-thirds
vote; and this is not a resolution to remove
disabilities. It only reaches such men as are
not disqualified by the constitutional amend-
ment, but who cannot take the test-oath. The
test-oath hits everybody who has given any
aid or comfort of any kind to any person en-
gaged in hostility to the United States. The
constitutional amendment applies only to those
who held office prior to the war and had taken
an oath to support the Constitution, and who
afterwards engaged in the rebellion. The great
mass of those still holding office in Virginia
are those who are not disqualified by the con-
stitutional amendment, but who did something
during the progress of the war, openly perhaps
in some cases and in other cases constructively,
giving aid and comfort to the rebellion. Ihave
in my mind at this moment one gentleman who
is upon the bench in Virginia, Judge Rives, for
whom all parties in Virginia have petitioned that
he may be continued on the bench—a thorough-
going Union man before and duringand since the
war, and not only that, but a good, thorough-
going radical Republican—and yet Judge Rives
says he cannot take the test-oath. Why ?
Because some member of his family enlisted
in the rebel army in spite of all he could do.
He had himself voted against secession ; but
that his boy might not starve or go naked he
gave him food and clothing. There are a great
many cases of that kind—cases of men who are
not disqualified by the amendment of the Con-
stitution. Nor can any joint resolution of this
sort reach a man who is disqualified by the Con-
stitution. I yield now to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. lam sorry,
Mr. Speaker, to be found in the position of
opposing the first resolution reported and the
first action which has come from the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction, of which I am chairman.
Still, a sense of duty to the country obliges me
so to do. The last Congress passed a resolu-
tion, which went into the hands of President
Johnson on the 6th day of February, and which
he refused to sign, which provided that all
officers in the States of Virginia, Texas, and
Mississippi who could not take the oath that
loyal men can take should be removed ou the
passage of the resolution. The resolution oper-
ated by its own vigor to do that.
Then,in order to give time that theplaces of
these officers might be filled, the resolution
further provided that it should not take effect
until thirty days after its passage. Thereupon
General Stonemau, the military commander of
Virginia, chose to construe it as a limitation
upon him, that is to say, that a limitation upon
the taking effect of an act of Congress was a
limitation upon his power to act under the re-
construction laws. Therefore he has substan-
tially refused to take any action in removing
disqualified officers who are now holding offices
such as judgeships.
This resolution went into effect on the 16th
day of February, and on to-morrow the offices
in Virginia which are filled by men disqualified
because of disloyalty cease and terminate, and
may be filled thereafter by the military com-
mander. In other words, both by the consti-
tutional amendment and by law we have pre-
scribed that certain officers shall cease to hold
office in Virginia, those officers being men who
cannot take the oath which we of this House
are required to take before we can qualify for
Our seats here.
Now, the proposition as it came from the
Senate is that in the State of Virginia only
these offices shall not cease and terminate for
thirty days longer. That, if it became a law,
would of course prevent the removal of any-
body for thirty days longer. That proposition
of .the Senate having been referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction, the committee
differed very widely in opinion upon the pro-
priety of passing anything upon the subject.
Some of us said it was best to have these offi-
cers removed according to the law, and then
let the offices be filled by men who are not
disqualified; that it was not best to have men
put in office and kept there by a law of Con-
gress, some of whom are disqualified under the
constitutional amendment and others under
the law of Congress which prescribed the test-
oath. We said, in other words, that it was
better that the offices should not be filled at
all than to have them filled by disloyal men.
And thatisthe question now before theHonse.
Some of these men got into office under the
rebel Legislature that was organized immedi-
ately after the capture of Richmond ; others
got in in one way and another. Their acts are
to-day more or less invalid ; their acts to-day
are putting the citizens of that State to great
trouble and anxiety. Judges who are disquali-
fied by the Constitution are sentencing men to
death, and the district judge of that State is
relieving them by habeas corpus. I call the
attention of the House to this state of things,
which, I think, it is better to stop here than to
allow to continue longer.
General Stoneman, or General Canby, the
commanding general, can fill all these offices,
and fill them at once. But the substitute re-
ported from the Committee on Reconstruction
against my vote, and with full notice that I and
some of my associates on the committee would
oppose it in the House, legalizes, establishes,
and gives countenance to the remaining in
office of these disqualified men, who constitute
nine out of every ten officeholders in the State
of Virginia; many of them disqualified under
the constitutional amendment; many of them
disqualified under the test-oath act. Of course
those disqualified under the test-oath act em-
brace those also who are disqualified under the
constitutional amendment. The question is,
shall we by legislation reinstate these officers?
Because that is what is proposed by the sub-
stitute reported from the Committee on Recon-
struction. That substitute is as follows :
Be it resolved, &e., Tha,t the officers commanding
in the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas
shall have thirty days from and after the passage of
this joint resolution during -which to complete the
removal from office ofthe civil officers in said States
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas, as provided for
in the joint resolution to which this is amendatory.
Now this whole legislation is a mistake,
because it assumes that this removal is not
already completed, when by the law of the 16th
of February it is provided that all persons who
cannot take and subscribe to the oath pre-
scribed by law, &c., shall be removed from
office in thirty days from the passage of that
act; and those thirty days will expire to-mor-
row, long before this joint resolution can take
effect, even though we pass it now, It will,
therefore, be seen that we are asked to revalid-
ate and rehabilitate these men, who have now
no right at all to hold office; who are disquali-
fied under the constitutional amendment from
holding office, by giving them an extension of
time, under the guise of giving the military
commanders thirty days more time in which to
complete their removal. The district com-
manders have had the power under the recon-
struction acts all the time to remove such offi-
cers, and they haye now all been removed by
the force of the act of Congress which disquali-
fied them.
Why should we undertake to-day to interfere
for the purpose of retaining in office for thirty
days, or any other time, men who cannot take
the oath which all loyal men can and by law
must take? I sum up my position in this
thesis: it is better the offices should be vacant
than that they should be filled in contiaven-
tion, not only of the laws under which we are
reconstructing the southern States, but also of
the constitutional amendment. The measure
now proposed is in fact a legislative declara-
tion that the disabilities of all these men are
removed, and removed by act of Congress.
For one I am not ready to vote for such a prop-
osition. I am not ready to vote to give up any
hold that we have in these rebellious States
until it shall appear that every man is safe there
on every foot of the soil. There has been no
application for such a measure as this from
