146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 18,
applies not only to judges of the higher courts,
not only to the higher class of officers, but it
extends to constables and justices of the peace
and all the minor officers, to every man holding
a civil office in that State who cannot take the
iron-clad oath; they have all to go out of office
in one day. The complaint is not so much that
men who cannot take that oath have to go out
of office, but the people of Virginia have a right
to complain that this system under which they
have been living now for four or five years, with
courts and magistrates, with constables and
sheriffs to serve their writs, to adjudicate their
causes, shall be stricken down in one day and
there shall thus be an interregnum without any
officers in the State.
I stated before that General Stoneman, who
has been in command and who construed that
resolution—and I am not certain but that he
construed it right—to mean that lie should not
remove from office anybody until the thirty
days had expired, has been relieved from that
command, and General Canby is ordered to
take the command. Now, is it not best that
we should let General Canby fill up all these
offices ? Is the gentleman from Massachusetts
so very anxious that General Stoneman shall
fill all these offices during the next two or three
days ? Is he not willing to trust General Canby ?
I am. I think General Canby will perform this
duty quite as well as General Stoneman, and
so think our friends in Virginia, so think Union
men everywhere. That is all there is in this
resolution. It leaves the matter to General
Canby for thirty days, during which thirty days
he may work out this job, and as fast as he can
get ready he will fill with others the offices now
held by men who are disqualified. As the
resolution came from the Senate it provided
that these officers should not go out for thirty
days, but as the Committee on Reconstruction
have amended it it simply gives the command-
ing general thirty days in which to fill the
offices. The amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] which I
cannot accept as the organ of the committee,
but which I have permitted him to offer to be
voted on by the House, if it is adopted will
relieve tlie joint resolution from the objection
which has been made that we are contraven-
ing the Constitution of the United States. I
am appealed to on both sides of the House to
call the previous question ; and I think, under
the circumstances, it is my duty to call the
previous question 011 the joint resolution and
the amendments.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Faksswortii] permit me to make a
suggestion ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will hear it.
Mr. WARD. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman and to the House that as this is a sub-
ject of considerable importance, one which I
understand has not been considered by all the
members of the Committee on Reconstruction,
several members having been absent from the
meeting of the committee this morning—I
myself, among others, was absent—and as
there :s to be a meeting of the committee to-
morrow morning, and as the committee have
authority to report at any time, I suggest that
this subject had better be recommitted to the
committee and they can report it again to-mor-
row. If the gentleman from Illinois will not
consent to that, 1 hope the House will vote
down the previous question and permit the
motion to lefer to be made.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I think all the mem-
bers of the Committee on Reconstruction but
two \^cre present this morning.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I think there were
ten there part of the time, not all of the time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. One of
them went out.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. And returned again.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But not
to vote upon this proposition.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. There were certainly
nine or ten members of the committee present
when this subject was considered—about as full
a committee as we shall ever get. It should be
understood that if we fail to pass this jointres-
olution now we leave the offices in the State
of Virginia in the hands of General Stoneman,
to be filled by him in the few days he is to re-
main there. I insist upon the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 42, noes 73.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farksworth
and Mr. Ward were appointp.d.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 50, noes 70.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WARD. I now move that this joint reso-
lution, with the pending amendments, be re-
committed to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, and on that motion I call the previous
question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered: and
under the operation thereof the motion to re-
commit was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion to recommit was agreed
to; and also moved that tlie motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate
had passed a resolution, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested, for the
appointment of a select joint committee, con-
sisting of three members of the Senate and
three members of the House of Representa-
tives, to examine into the present condition
of the Senate Chamber and of the Hall of the
House of Representatives as regards lighting,
heating, and ventilation, and their acoustic
properties, and the defects and disadvantages
existing in the same, and the best method of
providing remedies therefor.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed the following bills and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested :
An act (S. No. 42) for the relief of Orlando
Brown ;
An act (S. No. 155) to provide for the
enrollment and license of certain foreign ves-
sels; and
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 29) in relation
to the Burlington and Missouri River railroad,
a branch of the Union Pacific railroad.
order of business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now call for the regular
order.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole for the purpose
of considering the Indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixgiiam] has called for the regular
order, which takes precedence, the regular
order being the unfinished business pending at
the adjournment yesterday, upon which the
previous question has been seconded and the
main question ordered.
blanton duncan.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) for the
relief of Blantou Duncan.
The joint resolution had been amended so
as to read as follows :
Whereas proceedings were instituted in tlie district
court of theUttited States for Kcirucky against cer-
tain real estr,te, the property of Blanton Duncan :
and wnereas tbosa.id Blanton Duncan was soecially
p.nduacd by the President of the United Sta'tes and
cannot obtain relief through the Supreme Court for
several years because of the Ien?th of its doekft:
and whereas the uniform practice in all other similar
eases has boon to -surrender the imijjcrty of persons
upon presentation of the presidential pardon, and
this being the exceptional case of its kind in the
United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of BepresenUi-
liveeof the United Statesof Amerieam Congress assem-
bled. That the title of the saidreal estate is restored
hereby to the said Blanton Duncan, and. the marshal
of said district or any officer in possession Is hereby
instructed to surrender the same to the said iilantoii
Duncan.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Scofield, to add to the joint
resolution the following:
Provided, That said Duncan first release all claim
for rents or use of said property prior to the passage
of this joint resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the
House that the amendment which has been
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] is utterly indefensible, and
ought not to be entertained by this House.
When he offered his amendment yesterday I
supposed he was excepting from the operation
of this joint resolution any money that had
passed into the Treasury of the United States.
But instead of that, as the members of the
House will see from reading his amendment,
ho provides that this person, Mr. Duncan, shall
not have the benefit of this joint resolution
unless he releases any claim for the past rents
of his property. The House will see, without
any argument upon the subject, that that is an
attempt to release private persons from their
obligations to him under the pretense of dealing
with a rebel. I say to this House, with all
respect to the gentleman, that any such legisla-^
tion as that is asbad as rebellion itself. I would
like to know how any man can justify any such
legislation.
If the House will vote down the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield,] and those who are opposed
to this joint resolution under the pretense that
it is to take money out of the Treasury will
consent to it without further delay, I will offer
an amendment which I send to the Clerk's
desk, in order to make plain to those gentle-
men what I think ought to be plain to them 011
the face of the bill.
Mr. ARNELL. Is any amendment now in
order pending tlie previous question?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ARNELL. Then I object to this amend-
ment.
Mr. BING HAM. Then I ask that it be read
as part of my remarks. If my amendment
should be adopted the joint resolution will
have the same legal effect as without it. But
in order to satisfy the scruples of gentlemen I
am instructed by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, in ease the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania should be voted down, to
move the amendment which I ask the Clerk
now to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That there shrill be no claim whatsoever
upon or payment from the United States Treasury
in consequence hereof for the use or occupation of
the said real estate prior to the passage of this reso-
lution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not desire to detain
the House by any further remarks upon this
subject.
Mr. MAYNAPiD. Allow me a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. What inquiry does the
gentleman desire to make?
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to say a
word upon the amendment which has just been
suggested.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Binohahi]
to offer the amendment which has been read''
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the only mode by which the amendment can
be offered is by reconsidering the vote by which
the main question was ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I beg leave to say
that the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania cannot be justified by any
man, and I hope the House will vote it down
for the reason I have already stated, for the
reason that by its terms it requires Duncan,
