;-r<K -
- . , ** .*
148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr..SCOFIJ£LD. If this whole procedure
was illegal, as the gentleman says, may he
not sue the tenants and recover from them ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has not that state of
things been, going on all through the South?
Have not tenants, been annoyed and vexed on
that very principle ?
Mr.- BINGHAM. No, sir; there has been
nothing of the sort that is involved in this case
going, on in the South.
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg to say that there
has-been a good deal of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to answer the
?uestion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Scofield.] I ask the attention of the
gentleman to this statement, for I think his in-
quiry is a pertinentone, and I desire the House
to hear my answer to it. I submit that where
the money has passed into the Treasury of I he
United States the joint, resolution as framed by
the committee in no wise touches it. What-
ever money may remain impounded, as thegen-
tleman says, in .the court, when these proceed-
ings are terminated the court will hand over to
Mr. Duncan. But when he comes to prosecute
these persons for not paying rent to him. and
they come into your court and show the inter-
vention oftheGovernmentoftheUnited States,
the seizure of the property by the Government,
so that they became liable for the rent thence-
forward only to the marshal of the United
States, as provided in the decree, and that
Duncan accepted payment under this resolu-
tion, lie would be concluded. Whether the
Government was right or wrong in the proceed-
ings in court makes 110 kind of difference. The
sovereign power swept away the title of the
landlord and put an end of his possession and
that of his tenants.
That is exactly the point which I wish to be
considered here. The decree made in this
case is not to sell the property, as your statute
requires, but that the marshal of the United
States shall take possession of it and collect
the rents issuing therefrom, giving the whole
power to the marshal to rent or lease the prop-
erty to whom he pleases, to turn out any ten-
ant he pleases, to occupy the property himself
if he chooses, and to receive for his services
such fees from time to time arising oat of the
proceed of this property as the court shall allow
him.
Mr. MAYNARD. What was the title this
party had in the estate?
Mr. BINGHAM. An estate for a term of
years, which, in the language of Judge Ballard,
determines in 1872, by the terms of the devise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit to the gentle-
man, as a lawyer, whether the very disposiiion
made by the court of this property is not sub-
stantially a sale, in compliance with the act
of Congress, the usufruct of the paity having
been disposed of by the decree of the court ?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. And that is the
point I wish to have understood. Instead of
giving the Government the full benelit of your
law and having the property sold to the high-
est bidder the court has given it into the hands
of the marshal ofthe United States, to be leased
upon just such conditions as he pleases, he
putting into his own pocket, from quarter to
quarter annually, just such fees as the court
shall allow him for renting another mail's
property.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Bixg-
Ham] whether, in his judgment, if the court had
pursued the proper course, this man's prop-
erty would not have now passed beyond his
control to have any remedy, and whether this
joint resolution is anything more or less than
a proposition to enable a rebel to take advan-
tage of a technical objection instead of resort-
ing to his remedy in the Supreme Court ofthe
United States?
Mr. BINGHAM. I .understand the gentl.e-
tnan to say that in the case he supposes this
property would have gone beyoad the reach of
this party. It would have been bayood his
reach if the Government should never recon-
sider anything about it. in that cases as in
this, the owner's only efficient remedy would be
by an act of Congress. The gentleman must
necessarily imply in what he said—he said it
clearly and well—that if this party should go to
the Supreme Court with his writ of error, and
this proceeding of the court below should be
finally reversed, he would then be entitled to
the money received for rents of this property
from the date of the decree of the court below
to the time of the reversal of that decree by
the Supreme Court.
I appeal to the sense of justice of this House
whether they had not better stop this proceed-
ing, which they must be satisfied is wholly un-
justifiable under the law. The point I made
was this: that it is neither according to the
letter nor the spirit of the act of July 17, 1862,
for any court seizing under that act the prop-
erty of any public enemy to pass it over into
the hands of any marshal, and allow him to
farm it out for his own benefit, 011 his own con-
ditions, and receive for his fees out of the pro-
ceeds such amount as the court may from time
to time aeree to allow him.
Air. HOAR. While the gentleman, as I un-
derstand him, answers in substance very prop-
erly that if the court in Kentucky had pursued
a legal course in its decree 111 this case the
property of this man would now be beyond his
reach and remedy, I would ask him if he deems
it expedient for this House to establish the
precedent of interfering by special legislation
to enable a rebel to avail himself of a mere
technical objection to the proceeding of the
court, instead of leaving him to his remedy in
the Supreme Court of the United States?
Mr. BINGHAM. I must say, with all re-
spect to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoaii,] that in my judgmentaproceeding
of this sort on the part of the court, although
made in good faith, is liable to more than a
mere technical objection, it is a matter of
substance. It touches not merely the rights
of a rebel, but the rights of the people of this
country.
The ant of Congress expressly declared on
its face that this condemnation of property of
a public enemy should be made for the use of
the Treasury of the United States, and espe-
cially for the Army and Navy. Instead of that
having been done in this case there is a special
decree inuring to the use and benefit, of mar-
shals and their deputies, and it has inured to
their use for the last six years. That, I sub-
mit, sir, is matter of substance. Mr. Speaker.
I insist,, as a matter of substance, as a matter
of justice, that justice which is guarantied by
the Constitution and laws of this country, that
proceeding ought to be stopped by the inter-
vention of Congress.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
one lurthei question. Snoposing that all he
says is true, does he deem it wise for this House
to allow anybody, rebel or loyal, to pursue his
remedy for such wrongs here by special legis-
lation in each case ? is it not tar wiser to leave
these cases to the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man. Mr. Speaker, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, when this proceeding took place,
had by law authorized the President of the
United States by pardon and amnesty to release
everybody from the operation of the statute ;
and lhat statute was allowed to run on until
after this decree had been made, and to con-
tinue thereafter until the year 1867. In Decem-
ber, 18G7, I believe, Congress repealed the
provision of law which gave the President spe-
cial power in the premises. Congress, repre-
senting the will ofthe people ofthe United
States, in consideration of the returning sense
of allegiance in the persons who had offended
against the Government, allowed the great
body of those called public enemies by the
statute to be relieved. As I said yesterday,
the judge who pronounced this decree has
recorded in his letter, which now lies before
this House, that the amaunt taken from this
man, Mr. Duncan, exceeds in the aggregate
the entire amount taken from all other persons
in Kentucky under the act of July_17, 1862.
The Congress having assented to this release
of all these offenders in Kentucky from 1862
till 1807. why should question be made about
the Congress releasing Mr. Duncan now from
any further liability under the same law ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to call his attention to the section of this
act under which this proceeding has been had?
Mr. BINGHAM. To what aet does the gen-
tleman refer?
Mr. MAYNARD. The act of July 17,1862.
I ask the Clerk to read the clause 1 have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" If said property, whether real or personal, shall
be found to have belonged to a person engaged in
rebellion, or who has given aid or comtort Ulereto,
the same shall bo condemned as enemy's property
and become the property of the United States, and
may be disposed of as the court shall decree, and the
proceeds thereof paid into the Treasuiy of the United
States for the purposes aforesaid."
Mr. MAYNARD. The language is, "dis-
posed of as the court shall decree "—the broad-
est language that could possibly have been
used.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has not
had read one fourth of the act.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have had read the part
that applies to this case.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will-read the portion that
follows immediately what the gentleman has
had read :
"The several courts aforesaid shall have power to
make such orders, establish such forms of decree and
sale, and direct such deeds and conveyances to be
executed and delivered to the marshal thereof, where
real estate shall be the subject of sale, as shall fitly
and efficiently effect the purposes of this act and vest
in the purchasers of such piopei ty good and valid
titles thereto."
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly that might
be done if the court thought proper.
Mr. BINGHAM. The whole text of the act
shows that there was to be a decree of sale,
that there must be such decree, not that the
property was to be held and rented out at the
discretion of a marshal, that marshal being
under no restraint from anybody and managing
the properly only so as to put fees into his
pocket from quarter to quarter during every
successive year. There is nothingin the statute
to justify such a construction. The words of
the statute are, "real estate the subject of
sale." Effect must be given if possible to every
word in a statute. What effect was given to
these words, "subjectto sale," by the decree?
None whatever.
Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to conclude what
I have to say by reminding the House that the
position taken by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is a position which 1 am sure he him-
self will not insist upon, 111 so far as any claim
for rent could be made by this party against
his former tenants for use and occupation
before his possession had been divested by the
iuteif'erence of the sovereign power. Having
no possession, nocontrol over it, 110 poss> ssory
title to it by reason of the intervention of the
sovereignty, the remedy of the parties would
be to the country, and not between each other.
Having said this much, what I desire to add
further is this; I have said before, using the
words of Judge Ballard, who decided the case,
lhat the interest of this man in the rents and
issues of this property under the trust determ-
ined in 1872 as between him and the four
other parties. The other words of the devise
are that it is to pass to the children—children
who are not rebels, children who are not within
the operation of your law, children who are
entitled to your protection, "natural-born"
citizens of the Republic. To-day their mother
languishes on a bed of sickness, and it was
deemed fit and proper to incorporate the fact
into tile report made to the Senate when this
bill was reported last February and passed
without a division.
In what 1 have said I have spoken from a
sense of justice simply. I believe, sir, there
is something else than discriminating justice
