1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
which is required at the hands of the American
people, namely, equal justice, and thereby
restore law and order to this country. Justice
is said to be blind and to be 110 respecter 0f
persons. 1 remind this House that by virtue
of their own law, this very act of July 17, 1862,
remaining unchanged until December, 1807,
nearly everybody else was relieved from the
operation of this very proceeding in the State
of Kentucky. In December, 1867, we repealed
that section of the law which authorized ihe
President to graut amnesty to all persons
affected by the law. 1 assisted in repealing that
provision, not because 1 did not approve of the
original act, for I voted for it, as did my hon-
orable friend from Michigan, not because we
were opposed to the spirit of the law, but be-
cause we thought the then President of the
United States was acting contrary to it, and
not simply contrary to that law, but to every
law. For that reason alone we repealed it.
Mr. MAYNAllD. I trust the gentleman in
his zeal ior his new-found friend will not do
injustice to others. The gentleman will see
at once, suppose the courts of Kentucky should
take the view that he in inclined to take, that
all these proceedings were a nullity and our
law was unconstitutional, then but one step
more in the process follows, and that is that
every man who had possession of the property
under the proceeding or authority of the United
States is liable to be sued, and will certainly
be sued and made to pay for the use and occu-
pation of this property.
Mr. BINGHAM, it does not lie in the mouth
of the gentleman fiom Tennessee to make that
utterance after standing here and objecting to
my putting into this bill an express declaration
that no such claim should be made.
Mr. MAYNARD. When?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have said it over and
over again.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman yield
for a question V
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask my colleague
whether this Mr. Bianton Duncan did not ac-
cept a pardon with this qualification in it?
Mr. BINGHAM. Ought he to be con-
demned for that ?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wantloreadthe words
of the pardon which he accepted. They are
as follows:
" That the said Blar^on Dunoon shnll not by vir-
tue of this warrant claim any property or the pro-
ceeds ot .my pi operty 1 hat has been sold by the order,
judgment, or decree of a court under the confisca-
tion laws of the United States."
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Here ho is accepting
his pardon on the ground thai he will not claim
any property 01* the proceeds of any property
disposed ot under any decree of a court ofthe
United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am aware of the pardon,
and sent myself for the document from which
the gentleman reads, instead of weakening
this case it strengthens it. it sets forth that
by virtue of the pardon he, Duncan, will not
claim the proceeds of any property sold by
judgment or decree (if a court under the con-
fiscation laws ofthe United States. He is not
claiming any that has been sold. The woids
disposed of" are not there. The gentleman
from Ohio, not content with letting Andit-w
.Johnson exercise amnesty under the act of
1862, proposes to exerci.°ca little of it himself.
[ know that the words "dispose of" are in the
statute. The statute contemplated divestment
of real estate under that act only by a sale,
and i read the section in the heating oi the
House to show it.
Mr. MAYNARD. It might be so.
Mr. BINGHAM. Y'es; it must be so. The
court was required to make the order for the
sale in such lorm as would divest ownership
in real estate in the party condemned as a
public enemy.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this pardon is dated the
12th day of October, 1866—three years after
the determination of this suit in the disuict
court; after the proceeding had gone up into
the circuit court; after the pro forma decree
had been entered; after error had been as-
signed and writ of error prosecuted m this case.
So it stands, and the party has had no oppor-
tunity to plead it.
1 answer further, that it was the opinion of
the Attorney General at the time that the par-
don and amnesty would not of itself release
the party, but gave authority to dismiss the pro-
ceedings.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why does he not send
up a transcript of the proceedings?
Mr. BINGHAM. The letter of the judge
explains all that. It would cost $200, and you
take all the means out of the man's hauds to
get it. He had to rely upon the kindness of
the judge to give him a statement. The pro
forma decree, as the judge himself stated,
was to get the question into the Supreme Couit.
He waned eighteen months for that. The
trouble was that the distuct attorney did not
see lit or did not choose to order a discontinu-
ance of the proceedings below after error
taken. The Presideut did not act as promptly
as he ought to have done. If he had given
this paper to the district attorney when the
case was pending in the court below we would
not be troubled with the question now. We
vested the power in the President, and in the
absence of any fraud on his part that letter of
pardon and amnesty does equitably relievehim.
it is not only a pardon, but a general amnesty.
The word k' amnesty" is in the instrument
itself, following the language of the statute,
and it was intended to relieve the party from
ail forfeitures to winch he was liable. But
lie was out of court and could not plead it.
He now comes into this high tribunal of the
people, and i ask this House, in the presence
of that instrument containing the words " am-
nesty and paidon," to give it the force and
effect to which it is entitled. 1 now call for a
vote on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and if that is voted down i will
then otter the other amendment, although it
does not add any additional iorce to or change
the effect of the joint lesolution as it now
stands.
The question first recurred on Mr. Scofield'fs
amendment.
The House divided 5 and there were—ayes
40, noes -J5.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yens find nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the athrmativc—yeas 80, nays 70, not voting
40 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messi:\ Ambler, Armstrong, Arnell, Asper,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, JJenton, Boies, Bojd,
Buiimtun, Burdett, Ce&sna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn. Conger, Culloui.
Dickey, Donley, Duvai, Dyer, Ela, Ferris, Ferry,
Fisher, Hawkins, Hill, Hoar, Hopkins, Alexander
H. Jones, Judd, Juliau, Ivelbev, Keioham, Knapp,
Lfiflhi, Loughridgc, Maynaid, MtCraiy, Liiakiui II.
Moore. Jesse H. Moore, William Mooie, Aegley,
Orth. Packard, Packer, Paine, Pal uier, Plielps, Pouie-
roy. Proper, Sawyer, Seoiield, Shanks Willi,nn J.
Smith, William Smjth, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Sri ieklaiid, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman,
Tyncr, Upt>on, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittc-
mote, Wilkiiibon, Wiilaid, Williams, Winans and
WiUdn'i—HO.
iS AYS—Mescv- . Archer, Axtell, Beck, Risers, Bing-
ham. Bud. Bian, Bo wen, Brook-, Bun, Benjamin F.
Batier,Calkm,Cleveland, t uok, Ctebs, Davis. Dawes,
Dcwcese, Dickinson, Dixon, Dockeiy, Eid<id<je,
PinkelnbuiA-, Getz, Gellauay, Gn&woJd, Hai^ht,
JLuideiuun, Hale, Hambleton, Hamiil, Hoag, llol-
man, tn&er^oll. J cricko"-., Johnson, Thomas L. Jones,
Knott, Li.-th, Mar>hail, Mayham, McCarthy. Mc-
Couniek, MeXeely, Me>eur, Mullet., 2Joigan, Oamel
J, Mori ell,jMorrisscy, A1 black, Pete? s, Pot tor, Reeves,
llice, Rogeis, Selsumakcr. Siocum, Joseph S. Smith,
VV01 thing!011 C. Smith, S/rader, Swann,^Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Auken, Vau Trump. ells, Lu^eae M.
WiHon. V\ meheuer. Wood, and Woodward—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allien, Ames,
B.nley, Banks Bennett, Roderick II. Butler, (J,ike,
Cowles, Farnsworth, Pitch, Pox, Gailiekl, Gnfilkm,
Cireene, Hamilton, IL.iwley, llay, lieaton, Hooper,
iJotchki^, KelU\v, Kerr. Lawrence, Logan, Lvnch,
McGrcw. Nan uelP. Mortal !.Muni?en,0'.Neil I, Poland,
Randall,Heading, Roots, Sanford, Sargent. Schenck,
Sheldon, J'ohn A. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Townsond,
Tvvicnell, Voorhees, Wheeler, and John T. Wil-
son—16.
So the amendment was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. LAWRENCE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Kerr 5 and that he would have voted
for the amendment and against the joint reso-
lution.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the reading of
the engrossed joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. That request comes too
late.
Mr. KELSEY moved that the joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. WARD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 61, nays 78, not voting
57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell, Asper, Beaman,
Beatty, Benton, Boles Boyd, Bullinton, Burdett,
Cessna,Clarke, Amnsa. Cobb, Cobmn, Cullom, Dickey,
Donley, Duval, Dyer, El a, Ferriss,Fiukelaburg,Uaw-
ley.Hay. Hill, Hoar, Hopkins, Julian. Kelse.v, May-
n mi, McCrary, Mereur, Je?se H. Moore, William
Moore, Negley,Orth, Packard, Packer. Paine, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Pro?ser,Sawyer,Scoficld, "W iliiam J. Smith,
William Smyth. Stevens. Stoked. Stoughton, Strick-
land, Taffe, Tillman, Upson, Van Horn, Ward,
Welker, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, Winans,
and Witchei—61.
NAYS-Mo.-j-r?. Ambler, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks. Beck. Bigcs, Bingham. Eird,Bowen, Brooks,
Bun, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Cleveland, Cook,
Conner, Crebs, Davis Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson,
, Dixon. Doekery, Fldridrce, Fr*rr.v, Fisher, Getz. Ool-
] ladciy. Griswold. llaidoman, Hale, Hambleton, Hain-
iil, lieaton. lloag, llolman, llooper, Incersoll,
Jonekes*, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Ivelloy,
Kerr, lvnott, Lash, Marshall, Mayhain, McCarthy,
McC'umick, McNeely, Mofiet, Morgan, Morrissey,
Niblack, Peter>. Potter, Reeves, Rogeis, Schenck,
Sehumsiker, Sioonm, J0I111 A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith,
Woithmgton C. vSmith, Stevenson, Strader, Sweeney,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump. Cad^alader C.
Wa-hburn. William B. Wafchburn. Wells, Eugene M.
WiKon, Win hoster, Wood, and Woodward—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Benjamin, Bennett, Blair, Rodet ick R. Butler, Cake,
Churchill. Clinton L. Cobb. Cowles Farn^worth,
Fitch, Fox. Garfield, Gtlfillan, Greene, Haight,
Hamilton, llawkms, Hotcbkiss, Alexander II. Jones
Ketchara, Ivnapp. Lallsn, Lawrcnce, Logan, Louech-
ridge. Lynch. Mr-Grew. Fliakim H. Moore, Daniel J.
M011 el I.Samuel P. Mori ill, Mungen, 0'jSeill, Palmer,
Poland, Randall, Reading. Rice.Rootfc. Suntord, Sar-
frent. Shanks, Sheldon, Stiles, Stone, Swann. Tanner,
Townsend, Twichell. T.vner, Voojrhees, Wheeler,
Williams, and John T. Wilson—-5<.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolu-
tion 011 the table.
Mr. AUNELL moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 30,
noes 00; no quorum voting.
Mr. ARNELL demanded the yeas and nays;
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered ; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
05, noes 53.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution. This is
the pioneer proposition for the return of con-
fiscated property to condemned rebels.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decide-d
in the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 67, not voting
47 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Axtell, Bailey,
Banks, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Blair. Bowen, Brooks,
Bun, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Churchill, Cleve-
land, Cook.Crebs, Davis, Dawes, Dcwce&e, Dickinson,
Dixon. Doekery, Jilidridge. Ferry, Fisher, Getz.Golla-
day, Griswold, Haight, llaldeman, Hale. Hambleton,
llaoiill, lloag, Hoiman, Hooper, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Thouias L. Jones, Judd, Kelley, Knott,
Lash, Marshall, Mavham, McCarthy, McCormick,
McM eely, Moffet, Jo&ac II. Moore, Morgan, Daniel J.
Morrell, Morn^sey, Xiblack, Potter, Reeves, xiice,
Rogers, Schumaker. Siocum, John A. Smith, Joseph
S. Smith, Worthington C. SmUh^Stevenson, felradoi,
Swann, Sweeney, Trimble. Twichell, \ an Auken,
Van Trump, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn. ^ iliiam B.
Washburn, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, John C. Wil-
son, Winclnster, Wood, and Woodward—.S.. t>
NAYS—Messrs. Aimsfrong, A111HI, Asper. j>oa-
man, Beatty, Bemamin, Bouton, Boyd, Buthulon,
Burdett, Cessna. Clarkv, Cullom. Dick(,., Donley,
