152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
of the Senator whether the same result will not
be produced if it be the pleasure of the Senate
not to take up the order at all? That will be
a clear mode of signifying to the committees,
as the Senator says, that it is not their duty to
struggle for the floor to press their measures.
Mr. HOWE. No; I should not regard it in
that light, and I do not think that would be
the inference. That would be simply saying
that the Senate was disinclined to set aside
Friday for this purpose, and would leave these
committees to struggle for the floor every day
and every hour of the day, and with no excuse
fQr not doing it. It seems to me it is an eco-
nomical measure, and will tend to the saving of
lime, for the Senate to set apart som e day for the
consideration of private bills, lhave proposed
this order after consultation with the chair-
men of several of the committees mentioned
in it. They desire it. I know it will be a great
• relief to the committee of which I am chair-
man. It cannot be, it seems to me, objection-
able to the Senate, unless they are disposed to
say that none of these bills shall be considered
at this time. If they are disposed to say so
let them say so by an amendment to the order.
Mr. CONKLING. Why by an amendment
to the order ?
Mr. HOWE. Because I do not think of any
other way of saying it.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, as I took the liberty of interrupting him,
this is the suggestion which strikes my mind :
if the present order is to be so amended as to
apply to the next session, and not to this, what
motivecan therebein pressit^g it now? None,
I submit, except a fear that at the next session
it might not be the pleasure of the Senate to
adopt this order. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate at the next session so to adjust the rules
the Senate can say so ; but why say it now?
Only, I submit, for fear that then the Senate
would be 1111 willing to say it. Now, I should
vote to let this stand until the next session of
Congress. 1 do not know that then I shall be
in favor of it; but I see no reason why now,
on this hasty occasion, we should undertake to
foreclose ourselves,as to the next session ; and
if the purpose is to apply it to this session,
then, for other reasons, I hope the Senator
will not press it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President—;—
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin proceeds the Chair will
state that he supposes this debate to proceed
by unanimous consent, as by the eleventh rule
adopted for the guidance of the Chair it is
provided that " motions to take up or proceed
to the consideration of any question shall be
determined without debate upon the merits of
the question proposed to be considered." If
no Senator objects, however, the Chair will not
arrest the debate.
Mr. HOWE. I have only a word to say in
reply to the Senator from New York. I wish
he would try to attend to the difficulty that I
try to present to the Senate, and hope he will
understand it. I say, if the Senate will take
this order up and will amend it so that it will
not take effect until a future session, then
these committees will be relieved from all obli-
gation to struggle for the floor and to get con-
sideration for their bills. The Senator suggests
they will be relieved if the Senate refuses to
proceed to the consideration of this resolution.
Mr. CONKLING-. Why is not that true?
Mr. 1IOWE. It is not true for this reason :
it is simply a declaration by the Senate that
they will not set apait Friday for the consid-
eration of those bills ; but it is not an instruc-
tion that they will not consider the bills at all.
These com mittees are left, then, just as they are
now, with the duty pressing upon them to ask
for the consideration of their bills whenever
they can get the floor, not merely for Fridays,
but for Saturdays and every other day of the
weeks and for every hour m each day. I do
pot know how I can be relieved from that
duty. It is an irksome one. It leads to an
expenditure of a great deal of time in useless j
controversies about the order of business. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Wisconsin will allow me, I wish to ask him if
he desires to debate the order if it is taken
up, or is he willing to take a vote upon it ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not want to debate the
question. I wish to get the sense of the Senate
upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can get the sense
of the Senate quicker by considexing than by
postponing it I hope the Senate will agree to
take it up.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest an amend-
ment to the order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
before the Senate. The motion is to proceed
to its consideration, upon which a division is
demanded.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall be glad to have it
taken up, because T think we ought to have an
order such as has been suggested by several
Senators, to proceed with everything as it stands
on the Calendar, unless it is otherwise ordered
when a bill is called up, so that every bill shall
have at least one opportunity of being heard.
I think that ought to be the order of the Sen-
ate, rather than setting apart special days for
the consideration of particular subjects. I do
not care to discuss it now; but at some time 1
shall urge that course on the Senate.
The motion to take up the resolution was
not agreed to; there being on a division—ayes
13, noes 21.
final adjournment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives fixing
the day of adjournment of the present session
of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any object
in taking up that resolution now. I do not
think we have got far enough yet to be able to
fix a day of adjournment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that resolution
will not be taken up at present. It is utterly
impossible now with the business pending to
fix a day of adjournment, especially such an
early day as that named in the resolution. We
ought to go a little further and see what we are
to do, which we cannot possibly ascertain until
we get some knowledge of what is proposed by
the Committee on Appropriations of the House
of Representatives, and see how much time
there is to be given to other subjects. There
is a very important question which has been
before the Senate for several days. It may be
decided to-day, and it may not. There'are
some other matters that we must.act upon ; and
it is quite manifest that we cannot adjourn on
the day fixed by the House of Representatives,
although 1 should be very glad to do so ; nor
can we yet tell when we can fix a day. If we
were now to fix a day with the idea of rescind-
ins; it afterward we should accomplish noth-
ing except confusion. I hope, therefore, the
Senator from Massachusetts will withdraw his
motion, for lassurehim that we cannotatpres-
ent fix a day understandingly.
Mr. WILSON. If we take up the resolution
we can amend it. There are really but very
few bills that need action at this session of Con-
gress. I felt grateful, for one, when the House
of Representatives fixed an early day for ad-
journment, for I think the sooner we getaway
irom here the better it will be for the country
and for ourselves. I withdraw the motion at
present, however.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 29) for the relief of Blanton Dun-
can, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
divorces in the district.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 76, which I think will take but a
moment.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 76) concerning di-
vorces in the District of Columbia. It provides
that in all cases in which by existing law the
supreme court of the District of Columbia is
authorized to decree a divorce from bed aud
board it shall, in cases hereafter instituted,
have authority in its discretion to decree a
divorce from the bonds of matrimony.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
property op married women.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another little
bill that I will call up, the bill (S. No. 75)
regulating the rights of property of married
women in the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that in the Dis-
trict of Columbia the right of any married
woman to any property, personal or real,
belonging to her at the time of marriage or
acquired during marriage in any other way than
by gift or conveyance from her husband to the
prejudice of his creditors, shall be as absolute
as if she were a fernme sole, and shall not be
subject to the disposal of her husband, nor be
liable for his debts; but such married woman
may convey, devise, and bequeath the same, or
any interest therein, in the same manner and
with like effect as if she were unmarried. Any
married woman may contract, and sue and be
sued in her own name, in all matters having
relation to her sole and separate property in
the same manner as if she were unmarried;
but neither her husband nor his property shall
be bound by any such contract nor liable for
any recovery against her in any such suit, but
judgment may be enforced by execution against
her sole and separate estate in the same man-
ner as if she were sole.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported an
amendment in section one, lines six and seven,
to strike out the words "to the prejudice of
his creditors."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
iiousk bill referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 29) for the
relief of Blanton Duncan was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
charles "ffeile.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 82.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 82) to pay Charles
W eilefor services performed as consul at Turn-
bez, Peru. It provides for the payment to
Charles Weile or his legal representatives at
the rate of $o00 a year, from the 1st of July,
1867, to the 18th of September, 1868, that being
the regular sala,ry of the consul at Tumbez,
Peru, whose duties he discharged during that
time without receiving any compensation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Porter, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had on the 18th
instant approved and signed the following
bills:
A bill (S. No._ 23) for the further security
of equal rights in the District of Columbia;
and
A bill (8. No. 25) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1867.
