1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
loo
of the law ; we do not say that we have been
exercising this authority out of mere malevo-
lence against the individual who happened to
occupy the presidential chair ; we say that we
exercise it for the purpose of protecting and
preserving the nation's life against bad men in
office, and now we say that we will exercise the
same power for the purpose of enabling a good
President to turn out bad officers.
Then, sir, in my view we ought not to repeal
the law ; and if it were possible, if we had time
to mature a better law, we ought not to sus-
pend it; but. we ought, if we do suspend the
law, to accompany it with an addition to the
present pending measure, giving to the Presi-
dent the power during the recess of the Senate
to remove officers ajjd to report the removals
at the next session, requiring him to nominate
for the places thus vacated within a limited
time. In this way we exercise our power in
accordance with the circumstances in which we
find ourselves, not for a mere temporary pur-
pose, because we preserve by this course the
right and the authority again, whenever the
emergency arises, to exercise it in another way
if we find a bad man at the head of affairs. I
would then prefer—and if I can do so in order
at the proper time, unless it be offered by some
more experienced Senator, I shall propose to
add to this bill suspending the tenure-of-office
act until the next session—an enactment that
during the recess of the Senate the President
shall have power to remove officers, and requir-
ing hirii at the next session, within twenty days,
to report the names of those removed, and
make nominations to fill the vacancies.
If any gentleman starts the objection that
that authorizes the creation of a vacancy in a
recess, I answer it does not in this view of the
constitutional power, because it is the exercise
of the authority of legislation for the purpose
of enabling him to remove and fill the vacancy,
and the officer appointed continues until the
next session of the Senate. If then he sends
in a nomination, and it is confirmed, there is
110 vacancy ; if he sends in a nomination and
it is rejected, there willbe a vacancy, occurring
not during the recess but during the session,
and it can be provided for and filled at once.
This is my view of the legislation which we
should have on this subject now. Let us, if
you see proper, suspend the operation of the law
until the next session, so that we shall then have
tune, if it be deemed proper, to complete the
legislation necessary to carry out a system of
this character; but do not repeal the law and
throw our own President into a position where
by exercising the necessary power of removal
he will be striking down the principle incor-
porated in the tenure-of-office law, the prin-
ciple contended for on this floor in the im-
peachment trial, and the principle upon which
we put liim into oflice by the voice of the
people. Do not put him in that position, if
we do, and if it bo answered that he will exer-
cise this power that was acquiesced in since
the foundation of Ihe Government till 1867, 1
would ask Senators who voted to sustain this
law on the trial of the impeachment of a man
who professed to have the power how we could
in honor refrain from impeaching a President
who would exercise a power which he declares
that he does not believe lie has?
I have heard during the progress of this dis-
cussion that legislation of this character would
be reflecting on the President of the United
States ; that to suspend this law would be re-
flecting on him. 1 do not think it would, if we
accompany it with the grant of the necessary
power, as 1 have suggested. 1 think, perhaps,
it would if wj did not accompany it with the
necessary power; but the restrictions in the
law, if we think it necessary hereafter to enact
them, are never a reflection on any man who
intends to obey the law. As well might we
come here and contend that the existing statute
on the book imposing a penalty on members
of Congress for being concerned in the prose-
cution of a claim against the Government was
a reflection on members of Congress. It is
not; but if unfortunately any member of Con-
gresssliould bringhimself within the provisions
of the law, instead of the law being a reflection
upon him, he would be an illustration of the
wisdom of the law.
No, sir, it is no reflection, and this legisla-
tion will throw no obstacle in the way of the
harmonious administration of the Government
with a President who is disposed to do right
who is in sympathy with the majority in Con-
gress. But having obtained this great princi-
ple through this struggle shall we, upon any
mere question of admiration for a man, or any
mere desire to accommodate even his wishes
in inaugurating this Administration, be asked
to surrender it in the legislation which we
enact? 1 trust not. There are many blessings
which have come to nations and peoples
through their calamities. We need not go far
back in history to show us that. 'The very
oppression of our fathers brought freedom and
the declaration of equal rights to a people who
were not at first contending for them. The
slaveholders' rebellion brought us freedom in
the large sense of the word ; and the obduracy
of individuals and of States has brought us
freedom in the larger sense of the word, so that
now, through years of blood and anguish, we
may say, as we have never said before, that we
have a Government in which every man is free
to choose the worship of God and free to resist
the tyranny of man. 'That very obduracy is
still goingon until every man, North and South,
white and black, will be clothed not only with
the right of citizenship before the law, but with
every right necessary to protect the right of
citizenship.
In addition we have this principle given to
us now, a most valuable principle in the ad-
ministration of this Government, which pre-
vents the President from absorbing in his hands
a power which, in the hands of a bad man,
with the immense patronage that would be at
his control in this Government, would be the
absolute control of all the offices. Shall we
surrenderit? Isayno. Incorporate it in what-
ever legislation you may have, and that princi-
ple is of more importance to us for the future
of this country than any mere question of tem-
porary convenience about men either getting
into office or getting out of office. Let gen
tlemen pass their eulogiums on the President
in power if it is to their taste ; that is not our
business here. Much as 1 may admire him, I
do not see proper in the discussion of this
question to lose sight of a great principle even
in the brilliance of his fame. Pass your eulo-
gies upon him, rear your marbles to him if
you see propei, but never lose sight of this
great principle, and preserve it, that in the
long years yet t-> come it may influence for
good the destinies of this country when your
maibles shall have mingled with the dust they
wore reared to commemorate.
Mr. SCITURZ. Mr. President, this debate
is now drawing to a close. I rise, not to go into
a lengthy and elaborate argument on the ten-
ure-of-office act, but merely to state in a few
words the reasons which will govern my vote ;
and 1 do this, not for the purpose merely of
putting myself on record, which would be a
matter of very little moment, indeed, but of
suggesting to those whose opinions on the
tenure-of-office act are very similar to mine
some points of view which, to judge from their
speeches, may possibly have escaped their
attention.
In the course of this discussion, to which I
have listened with the intensest interest, ex-
pressions have fallen from the lips of honorable
Senators on either side apparently reflecting
upon the motives of those taking the opposite
course. Looking at the question with the sole
desire of doing what is best for the common good,
1 have arrived at the conclusion that an inde-
pendently thinking man may well be in favor
of the repeal of the tenure of office act without
the least inclination of prostrating himself at
the foot of the throne, or without any desire
to betray the constitutional prerogatives of this
branch of the national Legislature into the
hands of the Executive; while, on the other
hand, a Senator may well desire to preserve the
most important features of the tenure-of-office
act without showing a want of courtesy to or of
confidence in the President, or a desire to
effect an undue accumulation of powers in the
hands of the Senate. For myself 1 emphatically
disclaim each and all of these motives.
Ilad the question whether the tenure-of-
office act shall be repealed or shall be retained
upon our statute-book as a piece of permanent
legislation been presented to us purely and
simply on its own merits I should have felt
strongly inclined to vote for its repeal, not as
if I doubted the constitutionality of that act; on
the contrary, I am convinced of it. But Sen-
ators who have so ably and eloquently discussed
this point will pardon me for saying that I do
not consider the constitutional view the only
and, perhaps, not even the most important view
of the question. I should have favored the
repeal of the civil-tenure act for some practi-
cal reasons. One of the greatest problems
which present themselves to the statesmen of
this day is a thorough reform of our public ser-
vice calculated to root out corruption and inef-
ficiency which now degrade and disgrace many
if not most of its branches. The main source of
that demoralization and inefficiency is by no
means to be found in the power of arbitrary
removal as heretofore exercised by the Execu-
tive, but it is to be found in the prevailing
system of appointments at random, from politi-
cal and personal favoritism, upon the principle
that "to the victors belong the spoils." It
is a matter of serious doubt with thinking
men whether, as long as this vicious system of
making appointments on the "spoils" basis is
preserved, a system of removal at the pleasure
of the Kxecutivc is not after all as good as and
perhaps better than any we can invent; and
whether the tenure-of-office act does not do
more harm on the whole in preventing and
impeding desirable removals by a good Presi-
dent than in impeding unjust removals by a
bad one.
Senators who advocate the preservation of
the tenure-of-office act, but now propose its
suspension for the very purpose of giving the
President some liberty of action to clean out
our civil service, seem themselves to admit that
when the body politic swallows poison every
day it may be a good thing after all to have a
powerful emetic ready to hand. While it is
fur from me to suppose that impure motives
might crecp even into the bosom of the Senate,
as this body is at present composed, to affect
the action of Senators upon removals, yet it is
well worth considering—and I cannot lay too
much stress upon this point—whether as long
as the public service remains that nursery of
demoralization which it necessarily must remain
while the "spoils" system exists, it would be
wise to bring either branch of the national
Legislature into closer, more intimate,and more
frequent contact with that nursery of demoral-
ization than is absolutely necessary, if, there-
fore, the tenure-of-office act was intended as a
measure of reform, permit me to say it begins
decidedly at the wrong end; it fails to apply the
remedy to the true seat of the disease, which
is not in the system of removal, but which is
in the vicious system of appointment; and it
is very doubtful whether, in its ultimate effects,
the good ill it perhaps being outweighed by the
bad, it will not rather aggravate than cure the
evil.
For these reasons, which I have merely sug-
gested and not elaborated, 1 might have voted
lor the repeal of the act, were the question pre-
sented to us on itsown merits; and f should feel
inclined to vote so even now, had 1 reason to
believe that the majority of this honorable
body intended to restore the act as it now
stands to force again at the next session of
Congress. But it must have become evident
to eveiy one who has listened to fins debate
that the necessity of very important changes
in the law is admitted on all hands. It may
be assumed almost as a certainty that the act
as it now stands will never go into operation
again ; and just for this very reason, paradoxical
