THE OOWBESSIOFAL GLOBE.
March. 19,
as it may seem, I shall not vote for the repeal,
•but for the suspension of the act until the next
session of Congress; and why? Because then
the subject roust come up again for discus-
sion; then (he necessity of recasting the law
will stand imperative before us: we cannot
get out of its way ; there will be 110 possi-
bility of dodging it; and with that necessity
hanging over us, will not there perhaps be a
hope that after a failure of reform attempted
in the wrong direction we may be led to at-
tempt a true reform by putting the ax to the
root of the evil; that we may substitute for
the existing scandal of the " spoils " system a
-system of appointment on examination of can-
didates for office, with promotion according to
merit, and then of removal only for cause, thus
giving efficiency and respectability to the pub-
lic service, and relieving us, in part at least, of
that demoralizing curse which we euphoniously
call "patronage?" This great possibility I see
before me ; and it is brought nearer by the very
fact that we shall have to discuss and recast
the tenure-of-offiee act at the next session of
Congress, and thus be obliged to take the ques-
tion of reform practically in hand.
I am indeed no longeryoung enough to indulge
in the pleasing delusion that all we may desire
wili be accomplished at the first onset, and that
the millennium will be brought on by an act of
Congress; but I do see in the necessity of dis-
cussing and of recasting the tenure-of-office law
at the next session a possibility that we may take
at least one step in the'right direction, and that
one step may be a great blessing to the coun-
try. And Iwould ask honorable Senators who
entertain in regard to the tenure-of-office act
views similar to mine, and at the same time have
the reform of the public service as earnestly at
heart, whether it will notbe better to bring about
that compelling contingency, than to repeal the
act, thus ending the matter for the present and
exposing the cause of reform to the chauce of
being forgotten or neglected amid the good
feeling and ease which will necessarily be pro-
duced by a faithful Administration, such as we
expect to have?
1'hey tuay object that to suspend the act, in-
stead of either repealing or maintaining it, is
after all a very illogical operation. I admit
that it certainly is. I know this suspension is
but a mere shift, but it is one of those shifts
which in embarrassing cases legislators are
very frequently obliged to resort to for the
want of anything better. And such shifts have
not unfreqnently been resorted to during the
time when the reconstruction measures were
up here for discussion, and when the logic of
the facts and the logic of the laws stood some-
times in glaring contrast face to face.
Can there be any serious objection on the
ground that the mere suspension would not
give the President of the United States the ne-
cessary freedom of action during the recess?
Could that freedom possibly be greater after a
repeal than it will be after a suspension?
I certainly would be the last man to hamper
the Presidentin the good work of cleaning out
the Augean stable which he is now to under-
take. In the course of his Administration new
questions may arise which are now unforeseen.
Whether we shall agree on all of them I do not
know. If not, we shall express our views with
the same frankness we do now. But 011 one
thing we do certainly agree with the President:
that corruption mustbe hunted down, that "the
rings" must be broken up, that the thieves must
be driven out of the public service ; and for the
prosecution of this great end we are certainly
willing to give the President all that liberty of
action which the exigency demands. But, I
ask Senators again, can we possibly give him
any greater liberty of action by a repeal of the
act than we give him by the suspension?
Itis rumored, perhaps with aview of influenc-
ing our course, that the President feels very
sensitive on this point, and that he will make
no removals unless the civil-tenure bill be re-
pealedinstead of being,suspended; while on the
other hand weare toid thatourmerely suspend-
ing instead of repealing it will be generally un-
derstood as a vote of a want of confidence and
a desire on our part to put the President on
probation. I must confess that I fully agree
with Senators who tell us that such things are
but little entitled to our regard, and yet I can-
not refrain from expressing my heartfelt con-
cern about them. Their continual reiteration
is apt to bring about on either side a sharpness
of feeling for which there is not the least
occasion in fact.
We have gone througji a hard school of late.
The long and bitter struggles between An-
drew Johnson and the Congress of the United
States have ta.ight us some very valuable les-
sons. We have learned that when the execu-
tive and the legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment are arrayed against one another, the
representatives of the people being in the
right, a President, even with the inheritance
of the vast accumulation of powers which your
generous confidence had piled up in the hands
of Mr. Lincoln, and with that reckless intensity
of self-assertion which we knew in Mr. Johnson,
could not sustain himself against you. We have
learned that you could break his omnipotency
like a stick of wood across your knees; that
you could oblige him to sneak away out of the
presidential chair covered with ignoinin3r and
disgrace, a warning example for all time to
come. On the other hand, we have learned
also that a President, even after having made
himself distasteful to the people, and bound
to fall, still could imperil the effects of your
best laws, still could keep the country in con-
stant trouble and tribulation. We have learned,
therefore, above all things, how much harm a
war between the Executive and the Legislature
can inflictupon the country, and how necessary
harmony and good understanding between the
great powers of the State is for the welfare of
the people ; and it is this great boon of har-
mony which the people have so long prayed for,
and which by the late presidential election they
so fondly hoped to achieve. Therefore it is
that 1 feel so deep a concern in the insinuations
which are flying hither and thither, tending to
artificially create an acerbity of feeling where
there is no reason why harmony and good un-
derstanding should not prevail.
Those, it seems to me, are rendering the
President of the United States a very bad ser-
vice who represent him as indulging in a fit
of temper about what we cannot but regard as
the plain discharge of our duty. Jf they really
want to make us believe, aud believe them-
selves, that the President, against his better
judgment, wili not make any removals if'we
suspend instead of repealing the tenure-of-
offiee act, they must place, indeed, a very low
estimate upon the soundness of his under-
standing or upon the honesty of his purpose.
1 solemnly declare that I could never for a
moment believe in any of these stories. I am
certainly not one of those who would avail
themselves of every possible opportunity to
fly into a paroxysm of adulation, but I am glad
to say that I have a better opinion of the Presi-
dent. I esteem him highly, so highly, indeed,
as to believe that those laudatory superlatives
and those gushing professions of transcendent
and everlasting and unconditional confidence
which are continually inflicted upon him with-
out mercy, must by this tune have become a
little suspicious to his good sense, obnoxious
to his feelings as a Republican, and nauseating
to Ins stomach ; aud that when such laudations
are even seasoned with suggestions as to the
design of legislators to insult him, the Presi-
dent understands the dignity of his office well
enough to repel them as unworthy of those
against whom they are directed and unworthy
of him who is to be influenced by them.
I believe him to possess an understanding
altogether too sound and a purpose altogether
too honest not to avail himself with gladness,
nay, even with avidity, of every possibili'y to
do that which the country expects and has a
right to expect of him, no matter whether that
possibility be offered to him in the shape of the
suspension or of the repeal of the tenure-of-
office act. I his is the confidence I repose in
him, a confidence which does honor to him
on whom it is placed and honor to those who
entertain it. While thus a bad service is ren-
dered to the President by presenting him in
a questionable attitude before Congress and
the people, an equally bad service is rendered
to the country by representing the Senate as
engaged in a movement of factious opposition.
What, then, are we doing? We are calmly
deliberating upon constitutional questions and
measures of public utility, as it is our plain
right and duty to do. It is thought necessary
that, for the purpose of purifying the machinery
of the public service, the President should have
a certain liberty of action. We all agree to
grant him all that is necessary without hesita-
tion. Not a single Senator ojj this floor has
declared himself m the"teJl-?Hiwilling to do so.
Whether by suspension or by repeal, the neces-
sary freedom ofaction is certainly to be granted.
Where, then, is the factious opposition ? Where
is even the least symptom of it?
Look at the situation as it is. On all the
great questions of policy the President and
Congress heartily agree. As to all that is most
essential, there is not the shadow of a discrep-
ancy between them. We have a Piesideut who
is willing to do what we aud the countiy desire
him to do. We have a Congress willing to give
him all that measure of power which is neces-
sary for him that he should do it. All the
elements of harmony, of mutual confidence,
of good understanding, of fruitful cooperation,
are therefore here. We are all working with
equally honest intentions to achieve a common
end. And when now, under circumstances so
promising, so auspicious, so hopeful, attempts
are made to sow the seeds of distrust and dis-
cord, by throwing suspicions upon the motives
of this or that branch of the national Govern-
ment, he who makes the attempt will certainly
not earn the thanks of the Americad people.
i have shown that, as in my case, a Senator
may disapprove of the tenure of-office act as
it now stands and yet vote for its suspension
only, without the least desire to hamper the
Executive, merely upon views of public utility.
Whether my views be correct or not they at
any rate proceed from honest convictions. I
earnestly hope the Senate will stand by the
report of the Judiciary Committee ; and if, as
it is not altogether ex'ravagant to anticipate,
at the next session of Congress the necessity
of leviewing the tenure-of-office act should lead
us to take but one effective step in the direc-
tion of a thorough reform of the civil service,
a work well worthy to crown thegreataehieve-
ments of the Republican party, the country,
Congress, the President, we all shall have equal
reason to congratulate ourselves upon the result.
Mr. SCOTT. Is it in order to move an
amendment at this time?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. No amendment
is in order at this time, there being an amend-
ment and an amendment to an amendment
pending.
Air. WILSON. I suggest that the proposed
amendment, be read for information.
Mr. SCOTT. I propose, then, to add as an
additional section what I send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows: -
And be it further enacted, That the President is
hereby empowered to removeduiins the nextiec-ess
01 the senate any person holding civil oiliee to winch
he has boon or may hereafter be unpointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, except judges
ot the United States courts, and to commission a
successor, who, alter taking the oath and giving the
bonds required by jaw to ho token and given bv Uio
person cominiceioned to lili f«uch office, shall unless
sooner removed by the Pi evident, hold such office by
virtue ot such commission only until final action by
the Senate uj>on the nomination for such office here-
inafter required to be made. Amlitslmli beihoduty
ot the President to report to tue Senate within twenty
diiys after the lirst day of its next meeting the names
of all persons removed by virtue ot the authority
conferred by this act: and wiUnn the same tiuiu to
make nominations to till the offices iiom which the
persons so reported have been removed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I disclaim
any disrespect to this body in the words that I
am about to utter, i believe I have discovered
the cause of much of that which, in my judg-
