1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
ment, has been pernicious in the legislation of
this country from its foundation to the present
time : and it is in the discharge of a public duty
and an independence which I feel to-day that
1 am called upon to take the position that I do
with reference to the individual construction
both of this body and of the other House. He
is a bold man who attempts to assert himself
on this floor at any time contrary to the preju-
dices or the general opinion of the majority or
a preponderating proportion of this body. I
felt it the other day when it became the province,
as it is sometimesthe case, of the Senator from
Jlaine [Mr. Fessende.v] to lecture this body
as to their duty. When it was in the province
and the independence of those who advocate
the entire repeal of this laiv to suggest that it
should be done in consequence of the distin-
guished character ofthe President ofthe United
States, he endeavored to show that all such
reasoning did not belong to this body. His
argument established sufficiently that although
in his judgment the act should be repealed, yet
it should be repealed upon no such argument,
and led to the conclusion, in my mind, that
although he favored the measure he would pre-
fer to be overruled, as lie put in the minds and
the mouths of those who were the opposers of
this bill arguments to sustain their positions.
Again, when I listened to the arguments that
were urged upon this body by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Howard.] when he made use
of the expression '' where thrift may follow
fawning/' it made an impression on my liimd
that stands with me to-day. Jf this body needs
such a correction as these words admit it is
a body that ought not. to have the charge of
the distribution of the honors, the emoluments,
ai'd the prerogatives of office. Again, when
I listened, as i did. to the champion of this
measure, the father of it, the eminent Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and heard him
give to this body the discussions upon this
question in times gone by, and in a tone of
voice ndieuling the assertions of those who
deemed that the clothing of the Executive with
tlie power was lint deti iuietilal to the libel ry
and pto.^perify ofthe country, and viewing the
quotum as it is now, and this Congress in its
present attitude toward the Executive, I could
not hut be retnineed of that passage m aucicnt
history where a tyrant by his own hand ignited
the (lame which destroyed his city and fiddled
and laughed under that destruction. Sir, in
iny judgment this is no time and no occasion,
and tlie bill itself is not such a one, as t.o create
laughter either here or in the galleries.
There is. in mv judgment, a new phase in
the construction of government, and it belongs
to this nation alone to solve it. It is one of
the difficulties and one of the dangers dis-
guised of the Government, and in consequence
of its being disguised the danger is the greater.
1 come to the construction of this body and the
other House : and 1 ask if it is known to this
body—1 am sure it is not known to ihe coun-
try—what has been the individual education,
practice, and employment of the men who con-
stitute this body and the other House? You
have and the people of the world have looked
with suspicion upon the clothing of one man
with absolute power, and you ha\ e also looked
with suspicion upon the clothing of one class
of men with absolute power; but you never
yet have examined the case in the aspect of
clothing one profession, educated in one line,
with absolute power ; and 1 come to that con-
sideration to-day. It underlies the whole ques-
tion ; and all the arguments that have been
made upon it fall to the ground when you come
to analyze the construction of the Senate and
of-tlie other House of Congress. I do not level
my shafts at any one man or any particular
set of men, or even at any profession; but I
do level them to day at, men educated in a par-
ticular line, wheiein shall be the fountain of
honor and legislative power and veto upon all
treaties; m fact, an absolute veto upon every-
thing that concerns the people.
How is this body composed? Of sixty-six
members, forty-five of them have been edu-
cated as lawyers and practiced as such, five
of them in the same kind of education and of
thought, and the rest more or less governed
by the teachings which the body thus aug-
mented through one profession gives to the
remainder. That is the construction of this
body. I have examined partially the construc-
tion of the other House, and I find that tlie
preponderance there is even greater; that
from some States the representation is entirely
from the legal profession—from those educated
in one line, practiced in one theory and on one
idea; and it is to them that the liberties, the
interests, and the necessities of a great people
are confided.
While we have sixty-six members constitut-
ing the Senate of the United States. Great
Britain lias four hundred and sixty-two mem-
bers in its corresponding legislative body.
While we have to-day two hundred and five
members of the House of Representatives,
Great Britain has a representation from all
the people in the House of Commons of six
hundred and fifty-eight. The little State of
Belgium, that shames all your legislation to-
day, has nearly as many members m her Sen-
ate as constitute the Senate of the United
States; and with a territory hardly greater
than the little State that I represent, she has a
house of representatives with more than one
half the number of members that constitute
the other House of Congress.
Sir. it has been my judgment that there
should be some check upon the executive power
as regards offices. In fact, and i state it here,
it was my judgment at one time in the consid-
eration of this question, before I eaine to ana-
lyze the construction of the Government itself,
that the gain to the country, to the liberties,
and to the advantage of the people, by the re-
strictions placed upon executive power was
even greater than that, arising from the aboli-
tion of slavery. So, sir, there must have been
a great, change in my mind after having come
to that conclusion, and when that change has
been made in consequence of the construction
of the Government itself you may know that
it has made a deep and lasting impression
upon me.
Now, sh, we have a government of lawyers
and of judges—which this is and nothing else—
educated in one line, practiced in one pursuit,
educated upon the quarrels and the exhibi-
tions of the worst passions of human nature,
practiced m the dissensions, influenced by the
vices of the people. It is such a judgment
that, is brought to bear upon everything con-
nected with this Government, and it is that
condition of mmd which is brought to legislate
upon the interest, upon the honor, and upon
the advancement of a great people. I, for one,
in looking back upon the past history of this
country—and the people, whatever philosophers
may say. wit! come to the same conclusion—have
come to believe that your war has not been
won for the liberties of any class of people ;
your war that you have just partially concluded
has had no high virtuous principle at the bot-
tom of it. It has had simple contentions for
power, for place, and for occupation, com-
mencing here in this body and permeating
throughout the country. You have, by the
contentions beginning here, through the ambi-
tion of one class of men, built up two great,
two powerful bodies of people, and you have
built them up for a purpose, that they might
unite with your own ambitious ends for office
and place and power ; and you have gone from
here to your respective peoples, both North
and South, in order to create great opportuni-
ties that you might go on in that way prosper-
ing in employment and in office. If the. phi-
losophers of this age do not give that exact
pitch to the tests which have been about us 1
am most sadly in error.
Look, then, upon the question as it stands.
You desire to share in the power o' removal
from office, which is in fact absorbing to Your-
self executive power. What is the rule by
which you determine who shall be officers and
who shall not be? The appointments of the
President are sent here and are referred to
your committees, five or seven constituting
those committees. Three or four determine
as to whether a nomination shall be confirmed,
and that decision is determined—iiow? It is
determined by the views of i he Senators of the
respective States, either where the nomination
is to be made or where the person that is to be
nominated hails from. Thus, sir, there comes
in contact one man in this Senate with the
President of the United States, the President
of the whole people, and one interested. How ?
One interested to promote his own position and
strength at home : one without responsibility,
while the President is responsible to the great
people as to the faithful execution of the law.
Can that test stand one moment iu the face of
that fact? 1 do not believe it.
It is a dangerous thing with this body, thus
constituted, forone notfamiliarwith it to stand
here and advocate that which maybe in oppo-
sition to the general sentiment. For six years,
for myself, I would rather have stormed a triple
line of presented bayonets or a park of artil-
lery in full play than to have stood on this
floor and advocated any ideas that I might have
had. In fact, advocating those ideas, com-
mencing at the beginning, I should have lost
them, from the indifference, from the inatten-
tion, and from the contempt received by one
not educated to familiarity with debate and the
confidence of the floor. It is not only in my
own person that. I have witnessed this inquisi-
torial policy. There are those around me who
have not yet recovered from the stings of the
influence of the majority of this body for stand-
ing up as they were determined to do for their
duty as they understood it.
Is this, then, a body that shall have the power
supreme in this Government? Is this the fount-
ain from which shall come, pure and unadul-
terated, honors to those who seek them from
qualifications or from the performance of ser-
vice to their country?
Sir, in analyzing the action of both branches
of Congress in reference to that subject whereof
they ought to know more than any other, and
that is the constructions of their own courts,
what do they give to the country, what do they
give to the people who appear before them?
In my judgment, there has been exhibited
more niggardness, more parsimony, and more
selfishness there than perhaps in any other
branch. If 1 wanted any judgment it is just
there that, condemning themselves, they give
me a warrant for condemning their action. It
is in your own position toward those subjects
with which you are most familiar and ought to
be able to belter judge.
It is my judgment further that it is impossi-
ble for a man to come before this body or the
other House or any of the committees unless
you first do away with the prejudice that occu-
pies the attention of all that he is a knave.
That prejudice must first be removed before his
case can receive the consideration to which it
is entitled.
Mr. President, it is notan evil of to-day that
we have to complain of; it commenced with
the foundation of the Government, and I do not
look back with the eyes and judgment of those
who commend everything of the past, as is the
judgment of almost everybody that speaks in
this body and elsewhere. I am not one of those
who speak with great pride of the Constitution
of our fathers, or of their acts and the laws
they have given us ; nor do I look with any
very great pride to the consummation which we
have just witnessed and to the practice since
the war, in our efforts to reconstruct govern-
ment or to settle the disturbances in the polit-
ical, civil, and material affairs of the people.
Two elements, one of them a legislative ele-
ment, have entered into the construction and
the prosperity of this people ; one of them
negro slavery, the other foreign immigration.
It will not do for legislators or others for one
moment to think that this country has been
developed at all in consequence of the liberty
given to individuals. Slavery stimulated the
growth of cotton, and it became a monopoly
