1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
unwilling to see the position assumed by the
distinguished Senator from Rhode Island go
unchallenged here and at this time. There
was, and 1 do not know but it exists yet, a
proceeding known to the common law whereby
persons were indicted for being common scolds.
If that law were in existence now I apprehend
the honorable Senator, if he could be indicted
for words spoken in debate, would be subject
to an indictment." He seems to be very much
disturbed about the organization of this body,
because there are lawyers in it. Rhode Island
sends no lawyers here. She sends manufac-
turers and printers. Perhaps she is wise in so
doing. . She sends whom she pleases, without
regard to their profession, and with no regard
to anything else but their fitness for the place.
But, sir, who has made my friend the judge
over lawyers? Why stands he here to swing
his sledge-hammer blows at that profession,
which is as old as the organization of human
society ? Why stands he here to arraign a
class who have made the pathway of govern-
ment and reform luminous through long lives,
and whose history stands as a burning monu-
ment to day to their great character and ser-
vices? Is it reserved for the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island upon this unexpected
occasion, with one fell swoop, to declare that
the imminent danger of this country rests in
the lawyers of the Senate? That is a new dis-
covery.
I asli the honorable Senator who it was that
at the time this law was enacted, when the very
elements were thick with danger, when the
country was anxious from center to circumfer-
ence, when the patriotic were inquiring where
they could find shelter from the danger of that
bad man who was swinging a tyrant's power in
the executive department of ttiis country, who
was it that then stood out with the remedy?
The lawyers of this body. They knew whereof
they spoke and acted. It was not reserved lor
the honorable Senator to see the way, perhaps,
tii, clear as the honorable Senator from Illinois,
£Mr. Tkuheull.]
The Senator from Rhode Island says he has
been puzzled to understand the legislation of
Congress. Is that a lawyer's fault ? Perhaps
if he had been a little more of a lawyer he would
not have been puzzled so much. [Laughter.]
I do not profess to be a representative by any
means of that great profession, the law. I
have been but a feeble gleaner in its mighty
fields ; but I have gathered gems and diamonds
that have been found there for which the hon-
orable Senator never dug.
It would ill become me to say in this body
that the danger to this country lies in the direc-
tion of the manufacturers. We have been
asked here from time whereof my memory
runneth not to the contrary, in legal parlance,
to uphold the manufacturing interests of this
country; and I appeal to my honorable iriend
from Rhode Island, who have made the ablest
arguments in that behalf, the manufacturers or
the lawyers who knew the ground upon which
they trod ?
Sir, I am surprised that the honorable Sen-
ator should attempt this work of destroying a
profession and attempting to bring it into dis-
repute, when here upon this floor, and from
his o wn New England, stood the mighty lawyer,
Webster, whose words were the words of wis-
dom, who drew from fountains old and new,
who understood every bone and fiber and liga-
ment and vein and artery of the Constitution,
of which he almost constituted a part,; and
yet we are told to-day by this Boanerges from
Rhode Island that danger lies in having lawyers
in this body. Sir, let it never enter the Sen-
ator's mind that the danger to a Republic lies
in the direction of knowing too much. Danger
lies m the direction of not knowing enough.
Being the feeblest and the least, perhaps, of
the representatives of that profession, I felt
myself called upon to enter the arena in its
defense. Who is the giant that is going to striice
us down ? On whose head sits the brightest
riown that Rhode Island ever produced ? Her
lawyers ; and they find their place as her
judges upon the living history of the age; and
it will live when I am forgotten. It will live
as being the pathway pointed out by that pro-
fession that opens wide the valves of humanity
everywhere. It will live when those who de-
tract from it are dead and forgotten.
Sir, the danger to this country lies in another
direction. My honorable friend has told us
why the lawyers cannot be dangerous. He
says they do not enter into the common busi-
ness of life. They do not to some extent, and
in another they do, in a wider sphere far than
any other profession. In one sense I admit
they do not, for they toil and delve over the
midnight lamp over doubtful themes, and they
never gather much of this world's gifts, but
they live pretty well and die poor. They are
of the kind mostly that ''you have with you
always." [Laughter.] While they are digging
thus for the public and private good the man-
ufacturer reposes upon his rich gains and can
shake defiance at them ; but when he is in
danger of losingadollar or his reputation they
are the very ones whom he seeks. To whom
would thfe honorable Senator go if his property
was threatened but to a lawyer ? To whom
would he go if his reputation were assailed ?
To his" own right arm or to a lawyer, one or
the other ? In a word, sir, the legal profession
is the great tmbrella under which all others
hide when they are frightened or in danger.
A few words further, sir, and I have done ;
for I know there is a gentleman who has some-
thing to say upon this question ; but I thought
my remarks would be quite as germane as
those of the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island.
The history of this country shows that the
earliest and most-efficient advocates for human
liberty were lawyers. They had read it as a
science. They drank from that fountain that
never dries, and to drink from which, I repeat,
opens the valves of humanity and consequently
makes them always philanthropic. Sir, who
roused the energies of this doubting country
in the time when liberty trembled in the bul^
ance for the adoption of the Declaration of
Independence? It was the lawyer and the
unequaled orator, Patrick Henrv. He burst
upon that body that held the destiny of free-
dom in its hands like a mighty meteor. He
let loose upon it the illumination that he had
been gathering away back in the centuries
from the legal lore therein stored. When
nullification reared its frightful head and pre-
sented its awful form, who but New England's
noblest lawyer, Webster, slew the monster?
Who stamped it with eternal infamy? It was
a lawyer; the great,big-headed, big-hearted
lavvyei ; the lawyer who reveled in his knowl-
edge of law, and whose glory and triumph is
the proud title, "Expounder of the Consti-
tution."
But, sir, let us come later down, to the field
of strife in which the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island bore so honorable a part. I
remember well the day that I saw him come
in at the head of the Rhode Island troops, and
I have liked him ever since. He complains
that the lawyers in this Senate did not tell
him there was going to be war. A watchman
he, and want telling? He stood on the ram-
parts of Rhode Island. He snuffed, like the
war-horse of Job, the breeze afar off. He did
not wait for lawyers to tell him. He knew it.
It is the practice of lawyers never to tell
folks things that they know all the time them-
selves. The manufacturer knew ; the Governor
knew ; the patriot knew ; the world knew it;
for the very elements were full of war ; and it
was not necessary for any lawyer of the Senate
to go to Rhode Island to tell the honorable
Governor, now Senator, that there was to
be a war. Why, sir, the notes of war were
sounded from every post and upon every pillar
of the nation ; and yet the honorable Senator
would seem to find fault that a lawyer did not
leave hero and go down to Rhode Island and
tell him there was going to be war.
Sir, to what particular subject the speech of
the honorable Senator was addressed 1 was
unable to tell. He told us that he would rather
have one tyrant than many. So would I. But
I do not propose, if I can help it, to have any
tyrant. I do not suppose that around this
circle there is a single man who proposes to be
a tyrant, whether he agrees with me politically
or not. I know that the man at the head of
this Government desires not to be a tyrant.
The simple question here is, upon which no-
body should get his anger or his feelings aroused,
whether the Senate of the United States shall
be recognized as a part of the appointing power
or not; and here my honorable friend will
find solaee in the fact that even the lawyers
differ upon that question.
I do not care one straw what the fate of this
measure may be ; but I dislike, I cannot en-
dure, to see a man standing upon so high a ped-
estal sound the notes of alarm. 1 ask the
honorable Senator if he did not vote for this
law that he is now seeking to repeal ? Why did
lie vote for it? Why did I vote for it? The
exigencies of the hour demanded it; and the
lawyers assisted my honorable friend in bring-
ing about that much desirable end. Why does
he want to get rid of it ? What has he learned
since ? He says that the States are assuming
here an authorityamountingto tyranny. How ?
Are the Senators now elected any differently
from what they were at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution? Have they not always
acted upon appointments? I hope my honor-
able friend will not rear again this frightful
image of State tyranny.
But 1 understood the Senator to say that the
legislation since he had been here had been tor
parly more than for principle. I do not re-
member now any important measure since I
have had the honor of a seat in this body on
which I have not voted with the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island. 1 stand here to
repel all such insinuations. Sir, if 1 have voted
with my party I have voted with them upon the
highest principles of my own integrity because
I thought my party were right in the measures
they proposed ; and the historian will record
it in letters that no insinuation will blot out
that the mass of that legislation has redounded
to the honor and the glory and the safety of
this Republic. I repel, therefore, if I under-
stood it, the insinuation of the honorable Sen-
ator that my vote or the vote of any of those
who have acted with me has rested upon any
other principle than the principle of an honest
di-sii e to do light. Sir, what is it to me whether
the Republican party exists or not any more
than it is to the honorable Senator? The ties
that bind me to this sphere are weakened by
years, and they do not bind me as strongly as
they do my younger friend from Rhode Island.
The remnant of my life could be lived under
almost any kind of government without much
torture to myself. But, sir, the honor that 1
wish to share in and the glory I wish to have,
if I have any, is that while my nation was
struggling with a power that seemed its mas-
ter, when tyranny and freedom had their last
contest, I was found standing here at my post
and giving my voice in a feeble manner to up-
hold and defend the institutions of this coun-
try that liberty might be transmitted to my
posterity unalloyed.
I therefore hope the honorable Senator's
forebodings will cease. The lawyers will not
hurt him. If he does not want to use them
they will not charge any fees, and if he does
they will not charge him enough to make it
felt" by him. I hope he will let the lawyers
alone. They are a toiling class. They toil
early and late, and read musty books and fresh
ones, and they do it to learn how to act under
standingly, how to understand the Constitu
tion, how to uphold it, and how to defend them-
selves and the rights of their fellow-citizens.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, it is with
some hesitancy that I rise to address the Sen-
ate upon this question after thevery able argu-
meats that have been advanced by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and other dis-
tinguished Senators who have presented this
