160
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
constitutional question in such plain light be-
fore the Senate. But there are practical ques-
tions of the effects of which perhaps those in
practical life can-judge as well as those of more
experience in framing laws. After the able
vindication of the legal profession by our friend
from Nevada I shall not' attempt to pass any
reflections upon that able representative class
h^this body.-
But I do claim, as a business man, to know
something of the effects of this law upon those
whom you control and the effects of the system
by which they are controlled. I believe that
this law as now framed has a bad effect upon
those engaged in office, those who are execut-
ing your laws, those who are engaged in col-
lectrng your revenues; that you cannot apply
such-efficient measures for the removal of those
persons as you can without it. During perhaps
half the year the officials should be subject to
the will of the President, the Senate not being
in- session, but they are not under this law.
The removals that are made under the law
must be made as suspensions. The very sus-
pension of a man who is engaged in collecting
your revenues indicates that he has been some-
what derelict in his duty ; that he is either dis-
honest or unfaithful; and that for those reasons
he is to be removed. If this law be continued
we must enter into an inquisitorial examina-
tion of all these cases, or else we must do in-
justice to those who have been appointed by
the President and confirmed by the Senate, and
who have been suspended during our recess.
The Senator from Kansas [Sir. Pomeroy]
informs mft that during the lastyear there were
some eighteen cases of suspension before the
Post Office Committee ; and every one of those
suspended claimed that the suspension was
unjust; that it was made without due examin-
ation ; and that he was not guilty of the charge
against him. They claimed further that that
committee should examine into those cases and
report whether they were guilty or not guilty.
They claimed that unless the committee did
that they would be regarded as having been
dishonest in office; that they would be dis-
graced at home ; that they must have a fair
trial. They claimed in some cases that it was
unconstitutional to convict a man without a
hearing of the other side. It seems to me en-
tirely impracticable1 for the Senate to take up
these cases of suspension of officers who may be
suspended during our recess and examine them
during the time that we are in session. The
time tn which we are engaged here in making
laws, or revising them, should not be devoted
to the examination ofcases of suspensions from
office.
As the law originally stood, those who were
removed from office might have been removed
for political causes, or because they were dis-
honest in office, or because they were ineffi-
cient. It was left entirely to the judgment of
the people to decide what was the real cause.
The person who was removed gave such rea-
sons as he chose. It seems to me that it is better
to leave to the discretion of the President of
the United States to determine whom he will
remove during the recess and for what causes.
If he be a man who desires to do right he cer-
tainly will not remove an officer unless it may
be in those cases where there is corruption in
office or dishonesty; and if that be the case,
on the convening of the Senate, if a proper
person has been appointed during the recess, he
will be confirmed. But there may be a neces-
sity for now modifying the law, and I shall
support the amendment offered by the Senator
from Nebraska, [Mr. Thayer,] with another
amendment to it which I shall offer at the
proper time. I would add to iiis proposition
these words :
And all persons rejected during the session of Con-
gress shall not be again appuinted to office during
the following recess.
We have had cases before us where persons
wei'e appointed during the recess, and when the
Senate convened those persons were rejected,
ahdassoonas the Senate adjourned again they
were reappointed to thesame positions or other
prominent positions. That 'I would guard
against. I think that is a great evil in the
present law.
But, Mr. President, we have never been able
to carry out any great design where there was
not a responsibility, where the coordinate
branches of the Government were in conflict.
During our war every one will remember the
troubles that we had in mustering our armies
and placing them under the command of the
different heads of Departments and the Pres-
ident here at Washington—those who were not
upon the ground, those who were not respon-
sible. Our first success was gained in a dis-
tant portion of the country, where the com-
mander was not liable to be removed, but
where it was left to his discretion to act as he
thought best. We never gained any import-
ant victories until we left the command to the
discretion of one man, and allowed him to
select those officers in whom he conlided, and
to carry out a policy laid down by him, and a
system which he had considered and determ-
ined and counseled with them upon_ in secret
council, in order to produce a certain result,
in order to take a certain point or a certain
fortification.
And it seems to me now, as a practical ques-
tion, that we must leave the power of removal
with the man who is to enforce puiity in the
collection of our revenues, to inaugurate a new-
system and discharge corrupt men, and pat an
end to "rings," as they are called, that are so
linked together that it i3 very difficult for us to
determine in what manner they produce their
influence. I have seen influences at work eveu
in the Senate of the United States daring the
past few years that it seemed to me were
wrong, and tended to show that we were actu-
ated by undue preference for our friends.
Appeals have been made to us to sustain them
in their offices, whereas, if no such law as the
tenure-of-officeacthad existed, weshould have
said to them, "The President has removed
you ; he has placed another man in your place ;
we can do nothing about it." He is respon-
sible ; he is responsible to the people for the
collection of the revenue, and if he does wrong
the people will right it. I have great confidence
in tne people, so that whenever corrupt officers
are appointed they will ask that the President
remove those officers. I believe that he should
have that power. We are only in session here
part of the year, the year of the short session
only three or four months. During the seven
or eight months that foliow the President should
have the power to appoint persons to office that
he may think will carry out the laws and faith-
fully collect the revenue. If he has not that
power my opinion is that your system of revenue
will be inefficient; it will not be collected in
as efficient a manner as it would be under the
previous system.
My friend from Vermont has presented the
discussions in the early history of this Gov-
ernment, and read an account of the debate in
the First Congress as colored by a partisan
view. He did it to show that certain persons
were influenced by a desire to favor the Presi-
dent ; and if that paper had any effect, perhaps
it would be to make the Senators here feel
that if they favored the repeal of this law it
might look as though they were favoring the
President of the United States. We must look
to it that that fear does not make us stand a
little more than straight. We may stand so
straight that we shall fall over.
It secerns to me that the efficiency of the ser-
vice requires that we should have an executive
head, that we should have a responsible head
on whom we can place the responsibility. We
consent to the appointment of officers, and if
those appointees are not suitable for the posi-
tions they certainly should be removed. The
responsibility should be with the President; he
is the only one that can remove them. The
Senate is not responsible; it cannot remove.
We can only consent to the confirmation of
II those that he sends to us.
ji Mr. President, if this law is bad in its effects
'' why not repeal it? We may feel that it is
undignified perhaps to do so; that we cannot
retrace our steps ; that we cannot fall back from
the position we have taken with dignity to our-
selves; that we must pursue a system that we
have inaugurated but that in my mind has
proved injurious. I do not believe that it has
proved bei.ciicial even during the administra-
tion of Ai.Jrew Johnson, if any man will
trace the history of this law, the suspensions
under it and the consequent results from it, 1
think he cannot fail to be convinced in his
own mind that it has been injurious. While
the law was in existence we were obliged to
obey it. One of the chief suspensions under
this law was the Secretary of War. The Presi-
dent could not at first get a man to take the
office who would be satisfactory to the Senate
of the United States. Then he suspended the
Secretary and appointed at first the now Presi-
dent of the United States, which was satisfac-
tory ; bat after that he was not enabled to get
a man to accept the office who would be satis-
factory to the Senate. He was only enabled
to select a man who would be his pliant tool.
Consequently, under the law, the Presidentwas
arraigned before the Senate of the United
States by the House of Bepresentatives. That
law existed; it was in force. I believed that
the Congress of the United States had a right
to enact the law ; and as long as it was in ex-
istence I believed that we should hold the
President of the United States responsible for
his acts ; that he had no right to violate it, and
if he did violate it, and that violation was al-
lowed to go unchecked, it would tend to a
concentration of power which would bo ulti-
mately to the great harm of the Republic.
Now, having seen the effects of it in his
appointments afterward that he was necessarily
compelled to make in order to propiiiate cer-
tain inflaenees, in order to free himself from
the position in which he had placed himself
from being deposed as President of the United
States, having seen the corrupt influences that
were at work under the law, I believe it to be
detrimental to the interests of the United States
and that it will only lead to corruption. There-
fore, Mr. President, I am in favor of its entire
repeal.
No such law for any great length of time, in
mvopinion, can exist without creating irritation
between the Executive and the Senate of the
United States. I believe no such law, how-
ever pure, however good the President of the
United States may be, can exist for any great
length of time without producing evil influ-
ences. We must have a head to this Govern-
ment. No Government ever existed without
a head. There must be a head elected by the
people of the United States, or else it must be
a djnasty established and perpetuated; and
unless we allow the executive head of this
Government to administer the laws in accord-
ance with his judgment and enforce them in
the manner laid down by our statutes the Gov-
ernment is a failure. He must be held re-
sponsible, and if we have a corrupt President
the people will rise up and overthrow his
Administration.
We have provided in certain cases that the
President of the United States may be im-
peached. If he does not faithfully execute the
laws the only remedy we have is to impeach
him. Therefore he stands before us as the
executive officer, with all the responsibility
resting on his shoulders, and if he does not
enforce the laws he may be impeached. That
is the remedy.
I look upon this question in the practical
view, and every business man must look at it
in that light. Every man that has controlled
a business or has had large numbers of em-
ployes uuder him knows that it is necessary to
have a head. I believe if the early expounders
! of the Constitution, those who engaged in mak-
ing the laws in early times, had had the expe-
rience we have had for the past two years they
would have decided upon this question as they
did then by a much larger majority. We have
their discussions and their experience, and we
have our own experience. Our experience
