1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
convinces me that it is detrimental to the pub-
lic interest, and therefore I advocate its early
and unconditional repeal.
I believe that the suspension of this law will
only convince us fuither of the irritation and
bickering and strife which it occasions, and
therefore I prefer to see the law stand as it is,
and I believethePresidentof the United States
would prefer to see the law stand as it is ; I
believe that any President would prefer to see
the law stand as it is rather than to have it
suspended for a few months for his especial
benefit. I do not advocate this repeal partic-
ularly on account of the present President. I
advocate it on account of the benefits to arise
in the future. 1 believe it will bring us back
to a purer state of the Government. I believe
it will bring us back to a more efficient enforce-
ment of the laws. I believe it will break up
"rings" that are banded together to prevent
the execution of the laws and to prevent the
collection of the revenue.
Mr. President, I only intended to make these
few brief remarks ou this subject, as I view it
in the sense of what is necessary to secure a
faithful execution of the laws. I will not tres-
pass longer upon the Senate; but at the proper
time, if the present amendment of the commit-
tee is voted down, I shall offer the amendment
I have indicated to the amendment of the
Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the ques-
tion, as 1 understand it, before this body is the
amendment uf the Senate Judiciary Commit-
tee to the bill passed by the House of JLlepre-
bentati\ es repealing an act of Congiess passed
in March, 18G7, "regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices.'1 1 do not precisely under-
stand the nature of the amendment intended
to be offered by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.] The matter which
i now rise to discuss is the proposed suspension
of an existing law of the U nited States, for that
is the substance. The repeal of this law in
tuto is another question which I trust may come
before this body for its decision to-day.
In my opinion the existence or the non-ex-
istence of this act, the absolute repeal or non-
repeal of the act is the only sensible or just
or efficient question to be considered by the
Senate, if the tenure-of-office act be a whole-
some act, if it be a proper law ic should stand,
and if it be not so the sooner it is repealed the
better. From whatever causes its impropriety
or uselessness may arise, they may be dis-
cussed, and they should be discussed, and action
taken upon it directly. Between the suspen-
sion of this law and its repeal there can in my
opinion lie no middle ground upon which rea-
son and justice can rest their feet.
Now, in regard to the act itself—which was
passed two years ago by a vast majority in each
branch of Congress—we find that the majority
of this body, as at present constituted, differ
most widely concerning it, as to its value, as
to its object, as to its results. Upon this floor
within the past two days it has been admitted
in debate by one of its former advocates that
the law was but a temporary device to restrain
an obnoxious Executive ; that it was a make-
shift, an expedient which has served its day
and hour and is now to be cast aside among
other legislative rubbish.
Another honorable Senator has euphonized
the phrase of the gentleman who preceded him
in debate and termed it "an act of exceptional
authority,'' the precise meaning of which I fail
entirely to comprehend, and he has declared
that " it involves us in trouble and controversy
that, has no remedy." I cite the language of
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man.]
Again, taking other views in regard to this
act, s ho honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Kdih'xdkJ declared that it was " an act of true
and honest, reform in the administration of the
affairs of this country," that it was "to stand
as w"ll lo-day as yesterday, and to stand after
we shall have left our places, and others who
we know not shall follow us." He has given
the law a position at least of respectability in
4 1st Cong. 1st Hess.—- No. 11.
his theory of its intent and its results. Another
gentleman, the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. lloWAtii),] declared it to be in his
opinion "a salutary act and necessary to the
public service."
Now, sir, I ask, even with additional varia-
tion of praise or blame of which so much has
fallen in this debate from those who are advo-
cates for the passage of this bill, between these
totally different opinions can there in reason
be a middle ground? To suspend this act j
would simply, in my opinion, be to trifle with j
public legislation. On one thing alone these |
gentlemen, so differing in other matters, still
agree: they come together upon the ground
that the act is constitutional. Of course it
must be constitutional in their opinion to ob-
tain their votes, for what warrant shall there
be for a vote in this body except it be the letter
and the spirit of the Constitution that permits
it to take the form or dignity of a law? It is
based, say they, upon a constitutional power
given to the Senate to regulate the removal of
officers. This is claimed by all these gentle-
men.
Admit this, for the purpose of the argument,
to be true; admit that the Senate, 111 exercising
control over this question of the removal ot
officers from their places, are exercising a con-
stitutional power—what then? In my opinion
constitutional power and constitutional duty
are synonymous terms. It' there be a power
deputed to any branch of our Government
under the Oonstitutiun fur its exeicisc, it is a
duty to exercise it. I ask, therefore, in that
view, under what pretext can Senators justly
propose to let their constitutional powers sleep
for the space of one hour, one day, or, as is
now proposed, for eight months? If, as is
urged by the ftiends of the suspension of this
law, the power of removal is equally deposited
with the Executive and (he Semite, a joint
trust to them, 1 ask how can the Senate agree
to depute, eVen tor an hour or a day or the
time mentioned, eight mouths, any portion of
their constitutional duty to another branch of
the Government? If they can give to the
President, by this bill, to be exercised by him
singly that which they claim is vested in him
only jointly with themselves, then they have
parted or attempted to part with that which,
in my opinion, they cannot faithfully forego
the exercise of. If the gentlemen who say
that this is a joint deposit of power in these
two departments of the Government really
entertain that opinion, how can they, with
reason or with justice, forego for any length
of time the exercise of that which the\ ^ay is
a constitutional obligation upon them? Admit
the doctrine that for this vacation of six or
eight months the President is to perform a
duty which you have heretofore said belonged ;
to him and the Senate jointly, and what prin-
ciple have you admitted? That he may per-
form your duties in other respects forever; for
if you may give him your rights and duties and j
responsibilities, in other words, delegate to
him your discretion for one act, you may do it |
for all. You would have, in my opinion, no !
more right to depute to the President the ex- I
ercise of a power that should be exercised by !
you than you would have to depute to the .
other House of Congress the right to make 1
laws without your assent and coincidence. |
Mr. President, all such doctrines I deny, for i
I affirm that the Senate has 110 more right to 1
relinquish the just exercise of a power dele- !
gated to it by the Constitution than it lias to ,
assume a power not granted by the Constitu- j
tiou. Therefore, sir, I shall vote against the :
amendment proposing to suspend the tenure- [
of-office act. 1 have here nothing to say in ;
regard to confidence or want of confidence in j
the present Executive. He has been deluged 1
with praise in this body almost, I should think,
ji ad, nauseam—"slavered" was the phrase used !
I| by a distinguished Senator, !n the midst of
|i all this generous outpouring of mere words to
him, it o'-curs io me that it uu^ht be rather
;i more leliebhing if these voluble words were
'I accompanied by one act signifying eoiilidence.
There is a homely saying about fair words not
buttering parsnips; aad it occurs to me that
this will arise to every man who looks upon
this question practically. Talk about suspend-
ing this act holding it in terrorem over the
Executive that he shall conform his action to
the pleasure of the majority of this body! As
the honorable Senator from Indiana stated, it
is nothing more nor less than placing him be-
fore his party upon probation for the term of
eight months. 1 would rather act what I said
and prove my confidence in a man by removing
impediments to the faithful performance of his
official duties.
For myself, sir, I would say that I was ear-
nestly opposed to his election, and yet that I
recognize to the full his position as the Chief
Magistrate of my country. I recognize my
duties and my obligations to him, both as a
citizen and in my capacity here as a Senator
representing one of the States. I never expect
or propose to hinder him in anyway iuthejust
performance of his duties, but on the contrary
consistently, fearlessly, and honorably to sus-
tain him 111 every act of the just performance
of his duties, and equally with the matter of
sustaining him in his just powers 1 will vote
at all times in every way to restrain him should
he attempt to act in a manner unauthorized by
the Constitution of the country.
I will here notice, in passing, what seems to
me to be a strange unsoundness in the reason-
ing adopted by certain honorable Senators for
their vole to suspend this law. The honorable
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] ad-
vanced some reasons for the suspension of this
law which struck me as being scarcely logical,
lie declared that the law added nothing to the
restraints which the Constitution places upon
the executive office. He went further, and he
stated that "under this law" the President
of the United States "has a power" that
"Washington never had." He said :
"Itis usual to si'Cdlv of tin; iawasagreat restraint
on tho President; properly regarded, however, H en-
larges the power of the President,and I am wiliing
to amend it so as to grant still I'mtnui power.''
Why, sir, this is a most remarkable piece of
logic, that that which is declared here to be an
attempt to untie the hands of the President, to
utitrammel his hands, should yet in the same
breath he declared to be an enabling rather
than a disabling act! I do not understand the
logic of this matter. It strikes me that the
reasoning is unsound to say that a law which
lias cramped the Executive yet gives him greater
power than he had before ; and after admitting
that the puweis are increased, gentlemen vote
to suspend the law so that the President's
powers may again be diminished! Where can
be the good sense or logic of such an allegation '!
I fail to see it. It is an odd mode of reasoning.
It occurs to me that this idea of suspending
the law is disiiigenious ; it is illogical and un-
reasonable, and there can be, as 1 said beiore,
110 middle ground between its maintenance and
its entire repeal. I trust, therefore, that the
I Senate will peremptorily refuse to suspend this
! law, but I equally hope that they will vote for
its absolute and unconditional repeal.
I do not put tho repeal of tiie law only upon
the ground of the inexpediency of the act. I
believe it has been an injury to the puulic ser-
vice. 1 believe that it, has cost this country
much in the way of good government. 1 believe
it has kept men 111 office who thought they were
safe to do anything and had 110 superior^ to
whom they were justly responsible. I think
the whole framework of this law made it any-
thing but a creditable piece of legislation. The
animus of the law is appaient upon its face.
It was leveled against a single officer of this
Government. H is a law relating to a civil
; subject, to tiie tenure of civil office ; and ye
it bristles with penalties of the most severe
character—imprisonment for a long term 01
years and fine in a large amount of money. _
j! is meant to terrify and punish more than it is
;j simply to regulate, according to the better sense
>| uf Uie word. . . „
ii IjW question iqyolved in the power of ton-
