1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
■sand officeholders to be reported on ! It would :
make a criminal calendar for the consider-
ation of this body that would take more days
than the year contains. It would be an absurd-
ity, an impossibility, to attempt to execute it,
aud if executed at all there probably would be
nobody anywhere to be found so ill adapted
•to consider the case as such a one as this.
But, sir, I adopt the language of Mr. Madi-
son to illustrate the necessity of confiding this
power to the Executive alone. In the first ;
Congress, in speaking on this subject, he said:
" It is said that it comports with the nature of
things thatthose who appoint shouldhave the power
•M'removal, but lean not conceive that this sentiment
is warranted by the Constitution. I behove itwould
he found inconvenient", in pruc'ioe. It is one of the
most prominent features ol the Constitution a prin-
ciple that pervades the whole system, that there
-should be the highest possible degree of responsi-
bility in all the executive officer* thereof. Anything,
tlieietore, which tends to lessen this responsibility is
contiaiy to its bpuitand intention, and unless it is
saddled upon us expressly by the letter of that work
1 shall oppose the admission ot it into any act of the
Legislature.
" If you buy that officers shall not be displaced but
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
the President is no longer answerable fortheeonduct
ot the oilicer, all will depend upon the Senate. You
here destioy a real lesponsibihty without obtaining
even the shadow, for no gentleman will pretend to
*ay the responsibility of the Senate can be of such a
nature as to afford substantial security. But why,
it maj' bo asked, was the Senate joined with the
Pietadent in appointing to otlice if they have no re-
sponsibility? I answer, merely for the sake of ad-
vimdj,', bem,? supposed irom their natuie better
jK-qu mi tod with the elmraeteis of the candidates
thanuu individual; yet, even here the President is
held to the responsibility; he nominates and with
their eon son t appoints ; no person ean be forced upon
•him as an assistant by any other branch of the Gov-
ernment.
"I shall only say, if there is a piinciple in our
Constitution, indeed in any fiee constitution, more
sacicd than another it is that which separates tho
ie^islative, executive, and judicial powers; if there
i> any point in which the sepaiation of the Icgisla-
fu'c and executive powers ought to be maintained
with greater caution it is that which relates to offi-
ces and offices. The powers relative to offices are
pai c!y legislative and partly executive. The Legis-
i i tuie creates the olliec, defines the powers, limits its
(luraiion, and annexes a compensation, This done
tliu legislative power ceases. They ought to have
nothmtr to do with designating the man to fill the
Mliee. That I conceive to bo ot an executive nature.
Although it be qualified in the Constitution I would
not extend or stiain that qualification beyond the
huiits preciselj' fixed for it. Wo ought always to
consider tho Constitution with an eye to the prin-
ciples upon which it was founded. In this point of
view we s!r H readily conclude that if tho Legisla-
ture determines the poweis, the honors, and emolu-
ments ot an office we should bo insecure it they were
to designate the offioer also. Tho nature of things
restrains and confines the legislative arid executive
authorities in this? respect; and hence it is that the
'Coristiuu ion stipulates the independence of eaeu
hianehof the Government.
"Is there no danger that an officer, when he is
appointed by tho concurrence of the Senate and his
Inends in that body, may choose rather to risk his
•establishment on the favoi ot that branch than rest
it upon ihe discharge of his duties, to the satisfac-
tion of the executive branch, which is constitution-
ally authorized to inspect and control his conduct;
and if it should happen that tho officers connect
•themselves with the Senate, they may mutually sup-
port each other, and loi waut of efficacy reduce the
power ot the, Piesident, to a mere vapor; in which
case his responsibility would be annihilated and the
expectation of it unjust. The lugli executive officers
Joined m ca bul with 'he Senate would lay the found-
ation of discord, and ■end in an assumption of the
executive powci, only to be removed by a revolution
in the Government."
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Vermont made heie a very eloquent appeal
and drew a very forcible picture of the dan-
gers of the accretions of executive power. He
stated that in the attution between govern-
mental departments tue Executive was that
which would be always gaining and the others
would lose. When I thought over the events
of the late Administration, when I reflected
upon the peileclly powerless condition to which
the late President of the United States had
been reduced by the action of Congress, i
thought whtrn it was paid thut gentlemen who
had been so prominent and so successful in
completely neutralizing anything like power,
and binding tho Executive almost hand and
foot befoie them, bhould profess to leel uan
ger from tho accretions of ExecuMvc* power,^ it
seemed to me only like a broad jest. But, sir,
I do not think tho proposition a just or true
one, at least in our form of government. The
founders of this Government had smarted under
the tyranny of one man. It was a monarch-
ical power which had rested hardly upon them,
and in framing their institutions they kept an
anxious eye always on the Executive ; and the
result has been that in our scheme of govern-
ment it is not the Executive who is the source
of danger to the liberties of the people, but it
is the legislative branch ; and this was seen at
a very early day in the workings of our present
institutions. 1 beg leave to ask the attention
of gentlemen to the forty-seventh number of
the Federalist upon that subject. I think it
refutes the ideas contained in the speech of
the honorable Senator from Vermont most
thoroughly, and I am happy to be able to adopt
the language:
"The founders of our republics have so much merit
for tho wisdom which they have displayed that no
tack can be less pleasing than that, ot pointing out
the errors into which they have tallcn. Aiespect
for truth, however, obliges us to remark that they
seem nevei for a moment to have turned their eyes
from the danger to liberty from the overgrown and
ail-grasping prerogative of an hereditary magis-
trate, supported and fortified by an hereditary branch
of the legislative authority. They soem never to
have recollected the danger from legislative usurpa-
tions, which, by assembling all power in the some
hands, must lead to the same tyranny as is threat-
ened by executive usurpations.
"In a Government where numerous and extensive
prerogatives are placed in the hands of an hereditary
monaich, the executive department is voiy justly le-
gardod as the source of danger, and watched with
all the jealously which a zeal for liberty ought to
inspire. In a democracy, where a multitude ot peo-
ple exercise in person the legislative function1:, and '
aro continually exposed, by their incapacity for reg- ,
uiar deliberation and conecrted measures, to tho !
ambitious mtiigues of then executive magistrates-, j
tyranny may well be apprehended, on some iavoi- i
able emeigency. to start up in the same quaiter. I
But in a rcpiesentative republic, wuere the executive 1
magistracy is carofully limited, both in the extent j
and the duration ot its power, and where the legis- >
lative power is exercised by an assembly, which is 1
inspired by a supposed influence over the people, j
with an intrepid confidence in us own strength, which |
is sufficiently numerous to feel all the passions which .
actuate a multitude, yet not so numerous as to be ]
incapable of pursuing the objects of its passions by |
moans which ro/ison prescribes, it, is against tho l
enterprising ambition of this department that the i
people ought to indulge all their jealousy and ex-
haust all ihcir precautions. j
" The legislative department derives a superiority ,
in our governments liom other circumstances. Its !
constitutional powers being at once more extensive '
and less susceptible of precise limit1? it can with the j
greater facility mask under complicated and indi-
rect measures the encroachments which it nuke on ,
the coordinate departments. It is not unlroquenlly
a question ol real nicety in legislative bodies whether j
the operation of a particular measure will or will .
not extend boyund the legislative spheie. On the,
other side, the executive power bein<? le^ti.mied
within a narrowercompass and being more simple in ,
its nature, and the judiciary being described bv land- ;
maiks still less uncertain, piojecta ot usuipation by j
either of these departments would immediately ,
betray and dclcat themselvrs. Nor is this ail; asthc ;
legislative department alone has access to the pockets i
ot the people, and has m some constitutions lull dis-
cretion, and in alia pievailing influence over the j
pecuniary icwards of those who liil the other depai t- !
inents, a denendcuc" is th'u* created in the Litter |
whiehgives still greater facility to encroachments of
the former."
Such, sir, is the language of a man who has
thrown more light upon the workings of our
governmental institutions than any other who
has ever lived in our country. He speaks
again, on another occasion, ot the "tendency
; ot the legislative authority to absorb every
other, as has been fully displayed and illus- i
trated by examples in a previous part of the j
work." j
Mr* President, it ia plain to me thai it is •
e&seniial that tliis power of removal should be
vested in the President in order to allow him j
tu pioperly perform the duties of his oiBce. j
It oceuis to me to be most unreasonable to '
expect a faithful periormance ol executive |
duties unless the power accompanies the re- ■
sponsibility. The power of executing his duties ;
should be coextensive with the power ol iegis-
: larion. I cannot understand ho v gentleman
I can expect that a President is to see that Uie ,
j laws are faithfully executed unless lie has the .
, control of the agents by whom their execution ,
• is to be carih-d or.. 1 o me the pvop \jitiou
1 seems plain ; and without any reference to lln*
individual who now occupies the post oi Pros-
^ tde.'! of the United States. I would say that in
1 my opinion a law of :his kind is simply a law
to embarrass, not to aid him in the perform"
ance of the duties that he has taken his oath to
perform. For that reason, and because I
know no higher or better reason to guid-e me
in estimating any law than whether it is con-
fined within the written limitations of the Con-
stitution of the United States, if I fail to find
that power there it is sufficient for me to know
that the law is unwarranted and cannot obtain
my assent.
The present law under consideration I be-
lieve to be in that category. I believe it is an
assumption by Congress of a power not given
to them, bat on the contrary confined solely in
its exercise to the executive department of
this Government. I do not preach up my
confidence in the present Executive, but I
should rather show it, by my acts and my vote*
I expect to sustain hnn m the performance of
all his just powers, and 1 conceive that I car.
do that in no way more effectually and more
honestly and properly than by voting for the
repeal of a law that was intended for nothing
but as a shackle upon just executive powers
and to take those powers into the hands of
Congress, who had no right to use them. For
that reason I trust that on this vote there will
be an unconditional repeal of the law, and that
such an illogical and such a transparent ab-
surdity as voting to suspend the lav/ will not
be indulged in by the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I am entirely
satisfied that it is a needless punishment of the
llesh to prolong this session into the night;
therefore 1 move that the Senate now proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. We had
better finish this before we go to any other
business, and we had better do it to-night. I
shall ihen be willing to adjourn over until Mon-
day ; but let us get a vote on this question now.
Mr. DRAKE. The motion is not debatable.
The VI OK PRESIDENT. The Senator irom
Missouri insists upon the motion, and it is not
debatable under the rales.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 2o; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Abbott. Bavard.Boremnn, Brown-
1 o w, 13 uek nigh am, Cam eron.Oasserly, Corbet t, Davis,
Drake, Fowler, Giimes, Morton, Noiton, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Kamsev. Itoss, S^ott, Spencer, Stockton,
Sum lie?, Thayer, Th ur ui an, Tipton, Vickcrs,W amcr,
and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Me «rs. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
liner, Cragin, EdmniitU, Fenton, F "-seuden, Gilbert,
Ilamhn, Harris, Ilowaid, Howe, Kellogg, Nve, Os-
born, llico. Robertson, Sawyer, Schu 7., Stewart,
Trumbull. Willcy, Williams, and Yates—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony."Cattcll, Feiry, Har-
lan, McCrePiy, McDonald, Morrill. Pool. Pratt,
Saulsbury, Sherman, and Sprague—12.
executive session.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened.
Mr. RAMSEi\ I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that tho Senate
do now adjourn.
The VIC 15 PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Vermont has precedence and
must be first put.
The motion was agreed to 5 there being on a
division—ayes 31, noes 18; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, March 19, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G-. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
appi ovou.
A M F.N11MRNVT 0" TilE IlULES.
Mr. FERRY. I rise to make a privileged
report. 1 am instructed by the Committee ou
the Uuies to report the following resolution :
ftrrohrrf. That the second cl.iuseof Rule 29 is hereby
a'wSou<tio roiJ^caii incompleted the Speaker shall
