1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
recommendations of a commission appointed
by both brandies of Congress in the year pre-
ceding. That com mission, after a very extensive
lour among the Indians and a very careful ex-
amination of the subject, recommended a plan
jpon the basis of which the appropriation of
ihe year before was made. And the Indian
appropriation bill, as it originally came from
(lie Committee on Appropriations of the last
House, was based upon that law.
The amount, appropriated by the bill was
increased by the House to §2,413,810. The
bill was then sent to the Senate, where it was
loaded down with the amendments 1 have
already indicated, amounting to more than four
million dollars, in accordance with stipula-
tions in new treaties to the number of eleven
made by this new peace commission with tribes
that have given us so much trouble during the
last year. If those amendments come to us
again, as they did in the last Congress, they
will involve very seiious questions for the con-
sideration of the House.
1 am not prepared just at this time to discuss
any system lor the treatment of these Indians,
for the reason that I apprehend this House
will agree with the Committee on Appropria-
tions that it is not worth while for us at this
time to anticipate these questions. When at last
they may be forced upon us it will perhaps be
proper to give them the consideration suggested
by a resolution which has already passed this
House for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee to consider and recommend some policy
upon the subject.
Yet at every step and stage of the progress
of this bill we shall be met with these ques
tions, and we are to consider, before it be-
comes a law, in what manner we shall treat
with these Indians in the future. Various
policies are suggested. One is to fight them,
and, if need be, to exterminate them. Another
is to feed them, and it may be, as a probable
result of that policy, to encourage idleness and
thrifdessness among the Indians and waste
and corruption in officials and all the evils that
seem to be inseparable from a policy which
calls upon the Government to feed large bodies
of people of any character or any condition of
civilization without compelling them to rely
to any extent upon their own exertions for
t.heir support. Another policy is to station
among the Indians troops sufficient to keep the
peace among them, and to let them work out
for themselves the solution of their own destiny.
While I do not feel disposed, and while T am
ready to confess I do riot, feel competent, to
discuss any special policy at this time, I am
of opinion that a new Administration, just
taking upon itself the responsibilities of the
Government, and having all the departments
of the Government under its own control, an
Administration in which the people have un-
bounded confidence, might better be left un-
trammeied by legislation to develop its own
policy in reference to these Indians as well as
other matters. For this reason I am con-
strained to refrain at this time from discussing
our Indian policy or attempting to impose upon
that Administration any special limitations with
reference to that policy.
Another reason, Mr. Chairman, why the
committee are disposed to ask the House to
pass this bill as it comes from them and as it
passed the last House, making no amendments,
is that they are desirious of closing up the
business of the last Administration by itself,
and opening new books with the incoming of the
new Administration. This measure is a part of
the unfinished business of the last Congress and
the last Administration. Let it be finished up
as it was begun. Let us close up the books of
that Administration and that Congress as well
as we may. Whatever new legislation, what-
ever new appropriations may be required by
the demands of the Government under the
methods of administering it which we hope are
to be adopted by the new Administration, let
such Questions be passed upon by themselves
tn new and independent bills. We shall thus
have the measures of each Administration dis-
tinctand separate, tobejudgedof by the country
upon their respective merits.
I am therefore instructed by the committee
to resist the adoption of amendments to this
bill, not so much upon their intrinsic merits as
from a desire to send this bill to the other
branch in the form in which it was originally
passed by this House, and in the hope that that
branch will refrain from loading it down, as it
did in the last session, with additional appro-
priations to the amount of $4,000,000. We
propose that this bill in its present form shall
be passed in fulfillment of existing and long-
standing treaties, which were carefully exam-
ined in the last Congress by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] not now a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations, who
then had the bill in charge, aud treaties which
have been carefully examined, item by item, by
the present committee. We desire that the new
questions which have arisen in connection with
the new treaties, whatever maybe their charac-
ter, whatever may be the opinion of this House
upon them, or upon the propriety of fulfilling
them or abandoning them, shall be left un-
trammeled by any questions as to the appro-
priations embraced in this bill. I do not pro-
pose at this time to discuss the propriety of
recognizing by the legislation of Congress the
validity ol those treaties, or of giving such
sanction as would thereby be given to their
provisions and stipulations. While the com-
mittee have been pressed on all sides to incor-
porate in this bill various amendments—amend-
ments many of which doubtless have merits—
I trust the gentlemen who feel an interest in
those amendments will concur in the wisdom
of the conclusion of the Committee on Appro-
priations and abstain from pressing them upon
the consideration of the House as amendments
to this bill, as such propositions may embar-
rass in some degree the lair consideration of
any proposed new policy which may be devel-
oped by the Administration or by the delibera-
tions of any joiut committee winch the Senate
may concur with the House in appointing, or
by such consideration as Congress itself may
give to the subject.
Having made these remarks, I ask that the
bill he now read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by para
graphs for amendment.
The following paragraph was read :
Arickarees, Gros Yentres, und Mandans:
For third payment, to be made during the pleas-
ure of Congress, to be expended in such goods, pro-
visions, and other articles as the President, may liotu
time to tunc determine—6j,00l> of winch may be ex-
pended in the purehaseot stock jimmalsRiidat£rictil-
tural implements, in instructing m agricultural and
mechanical pursuits, m employing mechanics, edu-
cating their children, providing mcdiemes and med-
ical attendance, care lor and support of the asjed,
sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans of sa-id
Indians, and in any other respect, to promote their
civilization, comfort, and improvement, and also lor
pay of head chiet, soldier duels, second chiel, and
Pierre Gavneaux for his services to the Ariekarees,
$40,000.
Mr. WOOD. For the purpose of eliciting
some information from the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, and for no other
purpose, I move to amend by striking out in
the paragraph just read the word "forty" and
inserting "thirty-five," so as to reduce the
appropriation to §35,000.
Mr. Chairman, as I am informed, many of
these tribes or bands of Indians, so called, have
ill fact no physical or corporeal existence, but
exist only in the minds of some Indian traders
and speculators, who for their own purposes
have made their bargains or treaties with these
so-called tribes, and have thus derived year
after year large revenues from the 1'reasury ol
the United States. Now, here are some tribes
that we propose to pay §40,000 to. I would
like the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to answer me two questions: !
first, in what part of the territory of the Uni-
ted States these tribes live ; and, secondly,
what is the number of men, women, and chil-
dren in (heaggregate comprising these tribes?
I have risen to get that information, and I hope
the gentleman will give it me.
_ Mr. DAWES. My acquaintance with these
citizens of the United States has been of so
recent a character that 1 am unable to answer
the gentleman precisely to a unit how many
males, females, and children there may be con-
stituting this tribe, with which a treaty was
made by the United States in 1806. It can-
not, therefore, be the remnant of an old tribe
passing out of existence, and, as the gentleman
intimates, an heir-loom of some Indian agent.
They have no "local habitation," although
they have a name. They were among the
Rocky mountains, in the neighborhood of Col-
orado. A treaty was made with them, as 1
have stated, in 1860. They received the In-
dian commission that was appointed by the
two Houses of Congress with great attention
and consideration, and the high contracting
powers—this commission on the one side atid
that tribe on the other—effected this treaty,
and this is merely to carry out the stipulations
of the treaty.
Mr. WOOD. I think I am quite right in
saying that until this treaty of 180tS we knew
not ot the existence of any such tribe of Indians
in the United States. I think I may hazard
the assertion that there never was within the
territory of the United States between the At-
lantic and Pacific oceans any such tribe of
Indians whatever.
Mr. DAWES. Is debate in order?
Mr. WOOD. I have moved an amendment,
and 1 have a right to discuss it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has discussed
his amendment, and it has been opposed.
Mr. WOOD. X wish the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations would answer
my questions if he can.
The CHAIKMAN. The hour allowed for
general debate h$s not yet expired-.
Mr. WOOD. I have moved an amendment
to reduce the appropriation §5,000, and upon
that proposition I desire to say that in my
judgment this is simply one of the numerous
swindles that aie contained in this bill, by which
wc are required to appropriate §2,500,000 to
support our Indian system, which is simply a
system of wrong and oppression upon the In-
dians aud of fraud upon the Treasury. Now,
here is an appiopriation for tribes that have
no actual existence, and T propose to reduce
the appropriation §5,000, lor the purpose of
testing the sense of the committee whether
they are willing to make the appropriations in
this bill under the circumstances or not.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I am not prepared to give accurate
information to the gentleman from New York.
Like the gentleman from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
I am a new member there, lint this general
fact is true that the proper Departments m call-
ing for appropriations from this House called
for §2,702,380. The Committee on Appropri-
ations of the last House, after careful examin-
ation, cut the amount, down to §2.438,810. In
the passage of the hill through the House and
during a thorough canvass of its provisions
there was only the sum of §25,000 added to it.
We have diminished the appropriations called
for §323,5S1. And now, when the Committee
on Appropriations were called upon again to
present the bill—because it failed in the last
Congress by reason of §4,000,000 being tacked
on to it in the Senate—the new Committee on
Appropriations, believing that if we intend to
get away from here before midsummer it would
be folly to attempt, to examine each item, re-
ported back the bill as it passed the House last
session, knowing that amendments would be
offered in the Senate, which when adopted
would then be canvassed by the House.
As to the distinct question asked by the gen-
tleman from New York, I am informed by the
gentleman Irom Oregon [Mr. Smith J that these
tribes tire tribes that have been long Known !o
be powerful tribes of Indians, mentioned i"i'g
ago by Mr. Irving m Ins book on Astona, ,uid
