1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
tinue this payment any longer, because it is
within the pleasure of Congress to refuse it,
yet it, does not seem to me wise to abandon it
at this moment in respect to this tribe when
we are bound by other stipulations to make the
same provisions with other old tribes. To
abandon it will result in this: that one tribe
will be without its appropriation while another,
its neighbor, will have the usual appropri-
ation, and the consequence will be the breed-
ing of discontent, trouble, and war among the
tribes and with us, involving a large expend-
iture by this Government. I hold, as matter
of policy and of wisdom, that wehad better not
forsake the ground that has been established
by law ; we had better not undeitaketo travel
out of that line where we shall lose our moral
power in the conflict that is sure to come from
the change of policy.
As respects the new treaties, this is not one
of them. And in considering them I trust the
gentleman from Missouri will tind the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, at least all of them who
find time to attend its meetings, standing
shoulder to shoulder with him in resisting all
these treaties. But T beg my friend to stand
with me in putting this bill through and send-
ing it to the other branch of Congress just as
the last House passed it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. WOOD. I renew it. I do so in good
faith for the purpose of eliciting information.
It is known, Mr. Chairman, that we are to-day
involved in a very serious Indian war, costing
the Go\ernment hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars and many valuable lives. Indeed, one of
the most distinguished generals in our Army
is said to be now a prisoner, being held by
some of these very Indian tribes with which
we have made treaties and to which we are
pajing money.
Now, I want to know whether Congress shall
continue to recognize the sacred character of
treaties made with these bands of brigands who
are incited to war by Indian agents ami white
speculators, whetlierwe shall feed tliem in win-
ter and tight them in summer, and furnish them
money to buy arms and whisky with. I say that
the time has at last come when this House—
not ttie Senate of the United States—but this
House, in whose handsliestheexclusive power
of voting public money in the first instance,
should pause and consider whether these so-
called treaties have any sacred character that
we should regard or respect. For one I am
opposed to voting one dollar to carry out any
treaty with any band or so-called tribe of In-
dians who are continually shooting down our
men and committing acts of barbarism upon
their wives and children. The time must come
when we must take our stand. Let us take it
now m this age of economy and at this period
when we are told that this Administration is to
initiate a system of reform. I want the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
tell us how many of these tribes for which we
are asked to appropriate money are in arms
against the Government of the United States
and the people upon our border.
Mr. DAWKS. I oppose the amendment;
and I answer the gentleman that not one of the
tribes covered by the bill introduced into this
House by the Committee on Appropriations is
now, so far as the committee knows, in hos-
tility to the United Stales, and the provisions of
the bill are such that not a dollar of the appro-
priations can go to any such tribe. I agree
with the guntleman that not a dollar should go
to such a tribe. I agree with him that we are
involved in a serious Indian war and that there
is a rumor that a distinguished general is now
in captivity. But I beg of him to consider
whether it is best for us in consequence of that
to violate our treaty stipulations with peaceable
Indians, and thereby bring into that war by
other tribes those Indians who have refrained
from that war and are giving their adherence
to the United States: whether he proposes to
abandon our treaty stipulations with peneea.ble
tribes because other tribes are at war, and
thereby induce a general Indian war? Is not
the war we have on hand quite sufficient? Is
not the trouble we now have upon the plains
with other Indians with whom this bill has
nothing to do quite enough for us? Is not the
drain upon the Treasury consequent upon that
war quite serious enough? Does the gentle-
manpropose, because it is serious, to enter into
such a policy as will involve every one of these
tribes, as certainly as the sun goes down to-
night, in a war with this nation, joining hands
with these rovingbands ? I beg the gentleman
from New York not to pursue any such policy.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my amendment in
favor of the amendment of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Axtell] to strike out the whole
paragraph.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe it is still in order
to move to amend so as to perfect the text.
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to insert after the
word •' Washington," in line thirty-seven,"
under the heading "Indian agents," the words
"three for the tribes in Idaho and Montana."
The CHAIRMAN. We have passed that
paragraph of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask unanimous consent
to go back to that paragraph, that I may offer
this amendment to perfect it.
There was no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. This bill provides for a
superintendency of Indian affairs for Idaho and
Montana. Heretofore there have been two
supermtendencies ami five or six Indian agen-
cies for those two Territories. Now the com-
mittee have provided that these two Territories
shall be embraced in one superintendencv, but
they have left out. altogether the provision in
regard to agencies, so that those Tei ritories
will have one superintendent of Indian affairs
and no agents whatever. I simpl}- ask that
these two Territories may have three agencies
where they had six before. That is all there
is about it.
Mr. DAWES. The aggregate number of
Indian agencies authorized in this bill is fifty-
nine. The estimates proposed to provide for
sixty-one agencies. The appropriation for the
agency in California has been omitted in con-
sequence of the abolishing of the agency ; nor
has any appropriation been made for an agency
this side of the Rocky mountains. The com-
mittee deemed that, a sufficient provision in
this respect had been made. 1 trust we shall
not multiply these agencies.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 desire to as!: the gentle-
man whether we have not heretofore provided
by law for agencies lor Idaho and Montana.'
If not, how have the appropriations been dis-
bursed and Indian affairs controlled in that
country?
Mr. DAWES. The committee understand
that one agency has been provided for Montana
and Idaho. They consider that sufficient.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct my former statement? I see that
I was mistaken in saying that the management
of Indian affairs in these two Territories had
been consolidated. That was my recollection
of the provisions of the bill as it was up in the
House before. 1 see that this bill provides for
a superintendent; for ea.ch 'IV.rrit.ory, but with-
out any agency.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, there were—ayes 8, noes 3;
no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Johnson] will not insist on a fur-
ther count upon this question 1 will consent
that he shall offer this amendment m the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman will agree
that the amendment shall be considered as
adopted by the Committee of the Whole he can
ask for a vote on it in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I do not assent to that.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Dawks and
Mr. Johnson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
lepoited—ayc.s 7, noes 97.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Axtell, to strike out theparagraph reading
as follows:
Arickarees, Grns Ventres, and Mandaik.:
I'orunrcl payment, to bi nriitf! during the pleas-
ure oi Congress, to be expended in sueli goody, pro-
visions, and other articl* s :is thePresident may from
time to time determine—55,000 of which may be ex-
ponded in the puich.isc of stock, animals, and agri-
cultural implements, in instructing in agricultural
and mechanical pursuits, in employing mechanics,
educating their cuildren, providing medicines and
medical nttendance, care lor and support of theft^cd,
sick, anil infirm, for the hclple-'s orphans of said
Indians, and in any other respect to promote their
civilization, eomfoit, and improvement, and also for
Piiy of head chief, soldier chiefs, second c-hief, and
Pierre Gavneaux, for his services to the Arickarces.
$10,000.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—■
ayes >57, noes 67.
Mr. AXTELL. I call for tellers.
Telleis were ordered ; and Mr. Axtell and
Mr. Dawks were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The committee rose informally.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, ia
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested :
An act (S. No. 75) regulating the rights of
property of married women in the District of
Columbia;
An act (S. No. 70) concerning divotces in
the District of Columbia;
An act (_S. No. 82) to pay Charles Weilefor
services peiformed as consul at Tumbez, Peru ;
An act (S. No. 140) relating to the Freed-
mcn's Bureau: and
An act (S. No. IfiO) for the relief of Isabella
C. Youngs, wife of Theophilus Youngs.
indian ai'l'koj'kiation kill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
tire Union resumed its session.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 move to amend the
pending paragraph by striking out these words:
• •' and for Pierre Gavneaux for his services to
the Arickarees." Mr. Chairman, I do not.
know the particular circumstances under which
any money is proposed to be paid to this man
Gavneaux, but I think it a decidedly wrong and
vicious piactice to allow white men to gain an
intluence over the Indians by living among
them, and then induce them to insert in a
treaty a provision by which money is to be paid
to these white men. 1 take it that this Gav-
neaux is a white man who is to receive a part
of the money allowed to the Indians under a
treaty. I am opposed to paying him in this
way for any services lie may have rendered to
these Indians.
; Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will turn
to the statutes of last year he will find that this
provision was included in the appropriation bill
at that time; and if he looks at the treaty he
will find that while the allowance of this com-
pensation to Pierre Gavneaux does not affect
the sum which we pay the Indians, they have
agreed that out of the sum allowed to tliem
there shall be paid a stipulated amount to this
man. He is a half-breed, who, living among
them, has been remarkably successful in teach-
ing them to plant corn, to split rails, and to
devote themselves to agricultuie and other pur-
suits of civilization. Hence it has been thought
wise that, with the consent of the Indians them-
selves, a small portion of this appropriation of
p10,000 shall be paid to this man.
Mr. WILKINSON. How mueli is to be paid
to him ?
Mr. DAWES. 'I am unable myself to state
how much he will receive.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask unanimous consent
that 1 may offer an amendment, to come in at
the end of line sixty-six, a portion oi the bill
which lias been passed.
Mr. ICELSEY. I must object to any going
' back.
