1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
The Clerk continued the reading of the bill
down to and including the following paragraph:
Kansas;
For interest in lieu of investment on $200,000 at
five per cent, per annum, per second article treaty
of January It, 1816, $10,000.
Mr. CLARKE, I move to insert after that
paragraph the following:
To pay the claim of J. T. Jones, being for the
destruction by tire of his dwelling nnd other property
by whites in 1850, per eighteenth article treaty of
February 23,1867, $6,700.
I offer that amendment to carry out the pro-
visions of article eighteen of the treaty with
the Ottawa Indians, proclaimed in 1867, which
provided that the claim of John T. Jones, for
the payment of which a bill had passed one
branch of Congress, but which had been with-
drawn from Congress, being for the destruction
by fire of his dwelling and other property by
whites in 1856, should be allowed and paid to
him, amounting to $6,700. This claim was
before Congress in the first instance. Jt is for
property destroyed by the u border ruffians,"
as they were called in the troubles of 1856. At
that tune a raid was made into the southern
portion of Kansas by an armed band from Mis-
souri, and in consequence of Mr. Jones affili-
ating with the "Free State" party they visited
and destroyed his residence, the damage done
to his property amounting to between fifteen
and twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. Jones very justly came with his claim
before Congress, and since I have been in Con-
gress it has twice passed the Senate, but.failed
to pass this House in consequence of the dif-
ficulties, which gentlemen will understand, of
passing bills for the relief of private claim-
ants. Upon making a treaty which relates to
the final settlement of the affairs of the Ottawa
fndians with the Government, the Government,
recognizing the justice of this claim, inserted
a provision stipulating that this sum of $0,700
should be paid to Mr. Jones. Therefore this
claim has not only had the indorsement of the
other branch of Congress—failing to receive
that of this House, not because of any reason-
able objection to it, but merely on account of
the stringency of our rules—but it now appears
to have been recognized as just by treaty stipu-
lation. Mr. Jones is most clearly entitled to
the payment of his claim.
The provision for the payment of this claim
was placed in the Indian appropriation bill of
the last session, but that bill failed to become
a law. It was originally a just claim, and ought
to have been paid before this time, and cer-
tainly ought to be paid now. As it is in com-
pliance with treaty stipulations, and exactly in
the line of this bill. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes]
will make no objection to the amendment X
have offered.
Mr. DAWES. I dislike very much to oppose
an amendment the merits of which neither I
nor this committee know anything about. The
treaty to which the gentleman from Kansas
[Mr. Clarke] refers was made before the last
Congress, and yet no estimate was sent in Jor
this appropriation to the last Congress.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 beg to correct the gentle-
man. There was a special estimate sent in for
this claim.
Mr. DAWES. There may have been a
special estimate, but it was not contained in
the general estimates. This may be a very
just claim, and I would not oppose it but for
this reason : when this bill goes to the Senate
I desire that it shall carry with it the moral
effect of the approval of two Houses of Rep-
resentatives. being passed by each in exactly
the same words.
I will give the gentleman the assurance, so
far as I can speak for the Committee on Ap-
propriations, that if hereafter upon an examin-
ation of this claim it shall be found to be just
and correct, that committee will embody it in
some future appropriation bill. But it will be
worth something to the stand which the gen-
tleman himself as well as the Committee on
Appropriations desire to^take to have this bill
go to the Senate with the indorsement of this
new House, precisely as it was sent by the last
House to the Senate. In that way we cer-
tainly will stand better than if we send a differ-
ent bill to the Senate.
Mr. CLARKE. I see that the gentleman at
the head of the Committee on Appropriations
resists with equal strenuousness the adding any-
thing to and the striking anything from this
bill. With the assurance which he gives that
this claim shall be properly considered here-
after by the Committee on Appropriations, 1
will withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Poncas:
For the sixth of tcu installments of the second series,
"to be paid to them or expended tor their benefit,"
per second article tieaty 12th March, 1808, $10,000.
For this amount, to be expended during the pleas-
ure of the President m furnishing such aid and as-
sistance in agricultural andiuechanicaipursuitspro-
vided for in the fiist part of the second article of
treaty of March 12, 1858, as the Secretary of the In-
terior may consider advantageous and necessary,
$7,500.
Mr. SPINK. I move to amend this bill by
inserting after the paragraph last read the
following;
For the purpose of fulfilling the third aiticleof
the treaty with the Ponca tribe of Indians of March
10,1865. &15,080.
A treaty was entered into on the 12th day
of March, 1858, with the Ponca tribe of In-
dians. In article two of that treaty the United
States, among other things, agreed—
"To protect the Poncas in the possession of the
tract of laud reserved lor their iuturc homes, and
their persons and property thereon, during good
behavior on thoir part.''
I now ask the Clerk to read a portion of the
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
which i have marked, showing how these
Indians have been treated.
The Clerk read us follows:
" On thc3d and 1th of December a very unfortunate
oceuiience took place near.Nioorara,.Neo:aslval'or-
ritory, the particularsof winch, accoidmg to tiic best
evidence I have been able to obtain, and wiltoh I
believe is true, are as follows: A paity ot Poncas,
numbering lour men,six women, three bojs, and two
girls, in ad fifteen, were on tucir return irom tlio
Omaha reservation to this agency, and camped on
the evening ot December o about three nnle& below
Is 10braid, near the lartn ot Mr. Iluddleston, with
wh<nu they were acquainted. In the early part, of
the evening they were visited by two soldiers, who
were on their way to Niobraia, whom they inlormed
that they were Poncas and on their way houie ; one
ol theso soldiers was Lieutenant Comstock, of the
seventh Iowa volunteer cavalry, and they passed on
apparently satisfied.
" .Near midnight a party of soldiers fiom a detach-
ment of company B, seventh low a cava In , stationed
at Niobrara, cm me to the camp. The Indians, who
had retired for tho night, came out ot their ludgi.'.-
and shook hands with thesoldiers, who then fastened
their horses and went in to the lodges. These soldier
at once cuiiimenecd taking libei ties with the squaws,
and very soon behaved m an outrageous manner;
ottering money with one hand and picscnimg a re-
volver with the other, they demanded their posses-
sions. The Indians, becoming alarmed, pulled up
the iodge covering and escaped lo aeopsc of willows.
The soldiers fired their levolvers at them as thej
ran, and then commcnccd destroy ing their lodges and
effects. They cut to pieces adrilling lodge covering,
burned the saddles and saddle blankets, hrcd balls
from their revolveis through the camp-ketties, pans,
&c., cut open racks of coin, beans, and dncd pump-
kin, and strewed the contents over tho ground, and
left, carrying away with them a skm lodge covering,
beaver skins, buffalo robes, blanket, three guns,
traps, and many small article*. The Indians had
hidden their ponies in the willows ; with these, before
daylight, and after the soldiers had gone, they re-
tained to the camp, gathered together the corn which
had not beon destroyed and such other articles as
they could find, and packing their ponies as best they
could, started barefooted on the morning of the 4th
to pursue their journey to this agency.^
"After getting a few miles this side of Niobrara they
stopped to rest, and built a fire to warm themselves
and paioh corn to eat. A poition of tho women and
children went to soni eh for wild beans, leaving the
men, three of the women, and a child at the camp.
Here the soldier-, came upon Tliem again, and when
the Indians saw them approaching they ran off. The
soldiers fired at them as tlicy ran, wounding one
woman by a ball through her thigh, and another,
with a child on her back, b} two balls thiough the
child's thighs, one of winch passed through tho side
of the mother. These persons were fired upon as they
were mossing the Niobraia nver on the ice and
through the water. The woman with the child on
her back was struck while in the act of getting from
the water on the ice. The soldiei* then took posses-
sion of the six ponies and the articles at the camp
and started hack. The squaws and children who had
gone to search for wild beans were about half a mile
below. A little dog belonging to them barked and
exposed their hiding-place in the willows to thesol-
diers, who immediately turned upon them. The
unoffending anddefenseless three women and a little
girl huddled together. The soldiers diamouu ted, and,
malting up to, deliberately shot them down with
their revolvers, by balls through their heads and
breasts. Being in the habit ot calling things by their
proper names, 1 call this murder. One ot the boys,
a youth, who was a short distance away, ran for the
river and was pursued by the soldiers, lie g )t into
the river througn an opening in the ice, and as fie
raised his head was several times fired at. After tho
soldiers left he succeeded iu getting out and made his
way to this agency. One of the women, the mother
of this boy, had three balls enter her forehead arid
cheek, and her throat cut, and her head half severed
by a sabre or knite. Another, the youngest woman
of the party, had her cloth skirt taken off and car-
ried away, and her other garments torn off, leaving
her body lying naked. The wounded were brought
up in the course ot the day and all have recovered."
Mr. SPINK. Mr. Chairman, this statement
of the Commissioner of'Indian Affairs, horrible
as it is iu its details, is fully substantiated by
other statements which are on file and which
cannot be contradicted. It is, therefore, no
wonder that we have Indian wars when such
outrages are perpetrated upon an inoffensive
and peaceful tribe of Indians. But it conies
still harder when connected with the fact that
that tribe of Indians has never received a dollar
of pay from the Government. The Government
solemnly promised it to them by this treaty of
March 1'2, 1858, a section of winch 1 had read
for the information of the committee.
[Ilere the hammer fell. J
Mr. Dawes rose.
Mr. SP1MK. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to finish my statement.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will jield to the gentleman.
Mr. SPINK. I do not want more than a
minute or two. I wish to state that the Gov-
ernment subsequently entered into a supple-
mental treaty with this tribe of Indian*, by
which it agreed to pay them $15,080 for uU
spoliation. That treaty was entered into March
10, ltfOo, and the money was once appropriated,
but was diverted and placed in the hands of
this Indian commission. These Indians, tlieie-
fore, have not received a dollar of pay. 1 ask
that the third article of that supplemental
treaty be read.
The Cierk read as follows:
"Akt. 3. Tho Government, in compliance with the
first paragraph of thesccond article ot Jk<(rohl2,185$,
hereby stipulate and agree to pay to the Ponc.t tube
of Indians, for indemnity for spoliations committed
upon them, satisfactory evidence being left iu the
office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and pay-
ment recommended by that officer and also by tho
Secietary ot the Interior, the sum of $15,080."
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not know any fact to
contiQvenii the statement of the gentleman
from Dakota, but 1 suggest whether so import-
ant a matter should not be first investigated by
the committee? We should at least have some
investigation of the subject, before actiou is
taken on it. He says that the money has been
appropriated before, but went into the hands
ot the agent and lias been wasted. If that be
so, it certainly demands some investigation
before the House should be called upon to
make this appropriation.
Mr. SPIiNK. 1 said that it had gone into
the pockets of the Indian commission.
Mr. DAWKS. The gentleman will see, if
he will reflect a moment, that such legislation
should not take place upon any statements
which may be made here, but should be founded
upon some regular investigation by the com-
mittee. I theiefore suggest to the gentleman
to withdraw his amendment, and let the matter
go before the committee in the ordinary way.
Mr. SPINK. At the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, I
! will withdraw my amendment for the present,
t The Clerk read as follows ;
j Yancton tribe of Sioux :
; Tor first of ten installments (second series) to bs
j paid to them or expended tor their benefit, coin-
j mencing with the year in which they shall leiaovc
| to and settle and i aside upon their reservation, per
fourth article treaty lUlh April, 1858, $40,000: Pro-
, vided, That no part of tho moneys appropriated by
| this act, or hereafter to bo appropriated, to pay ari-
1 nui!ies due the Yaneton Sioux Jndians, shah oe ex-
1 ponded for any other articles of food, clothing, agri-
' cultural or mechanical implements than such as shall
j be agreed upon by the chiefs and headmen ol sum
i tribe, in a general council held for tins put pose, t he
| same to be estimated for by tho local agent and eci -
tified by tho superintendent of Indian affairs for said
' tribe.
