1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
vations of Round valley and Hoopa valley,
where, in fact, they raise more grain than they
can use themselves and which they dispose of
to the neighboring military posts. These In-
dians who are collected upon these reservations
are little else than slaves. They are treated
as such and are not allowed to work for them-
selves. Thoy have been placed upon the rich-
er lands of California*and are governed by
superintendents, which is only another name
for masters. They work under overseers, and
the large crops which are made are sold and
men are made rich out of them. The binds
are kept out of maiket, and notwithstanding
they raise these large crops we are now asked
to make an appiopriation of !yo5,000 for the
purchase of cattle for beef and milk, together
with clothing and food, teams, and farming
tools, and for pay of one physician, one black-
smith, one assistant blacksmith, one farmer,
one carpenter, and one teacher upon each of
the three reservations of California, and one
miller at the Hound valley, and one upon the
Hoopa valley reservations, in addition to the
$5,000 for incidental expenses of the Indian
service in California and for the traveling
expenses of superintending agents. In south-
ern California, for six hundred miles, where
there are many Indians, there are no Indian
reservations; but the Indians are left free to
enjoy their liberty and to work in the vine-
yards. In the distiict of my colleague, where
there are Indian reservations, at Round valley
and Hoopa valley, where they have those rich
wheat lands, where they are not only civilized
but educated, and although they raise more grain
than they need still they come up here and ask
us for an appropriation in the aggregate of
$00,000. Five thousand dollars for traveling
expenses is for the purpose of taking them back
and forth to Sacramento and San Francisco. I
should like to know why it is necessary to have
them traveling back and forth from these
reservations ? butasthe House, under the lead
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, have refused to strike outthis appro-
priation of $.j.()00 for traveling expenses, 1 do
not suppose that I shall succeed in getting rid
of these other unnecessary expenses. It seems
as if the House, under the lead of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, are determined not to
allow any of these provisions to be stricken out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. When the two gentlemen
from California differ in regard to the policy
we should adppt for that State how are we to
decide between them? The policy which is
adopted in the. bill is the policy which has ob-
tained for the last ten years in the Indian de-
partment, and which received the sanction of
both Houses of Congress at the last session.
1 think it is hardly worth while to depart from
that policy in this instance, and I therefore
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Air. JOHNSON. If I thought it necessary
I should like to discuss this whole matter with
my colleague. I do not desire, however, to
take up the time of the House in the discussion
of a pioposition which I do not think will be seri-
ously considered, lliave no fears that the House
will strike out these provisions, and therefore
will not add anything further to what I have
already said.
Mr. AXTELL. I ask for a division on this
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not.
Mr. AXTELL. I only want to see what
members are willing to vote against the prop-
osition. X want to see the Democrats who are
in favor of eco-nomy.
Mr. JOHNSON. T want to see the Demo-
crats who aie in favor of turning loose sixty
thousand Indians on my constituents.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes twenty, noes not counted.
Mr. AXTELL. I do not, ask for a further
count.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
iSf:o. 2. A nd hi: if further enacted That all goods
and merchandise furnished nnv tribe or band of In-
dians under tho provisions of any a>ct shall be turned
over by the agent oi superintendent of such tribe or
band to the chiefs of the tribe or hand in bulk and
in the original package, to be distributed to the tribe
or band by the chiefs m suehmanner as the chiefs
may deem best: Piovtdcd, That said chiefs have
observed their treaty obligations with tiie Govern-
ment as hereinbefore stated.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to strike out that
section.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not.
Mr. WOOD. It is the only section of the
bill worth voting for.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That whoever
shall offend against any of the provision* of this net,
or of any other act tor tile transfer, custody, dis-
bursement, or disposition of public money or other
public property, tor offences against which no other
penalty has been prescnbed by taw, shall bo pun-
ished, on conviction, by line not exceeding $10,000
and imprisonment not less than one year nor more
than twenty years, and shall thereaftervvard be in-
eligible to any place of trust or profit under the laws
of the United States.
Mr. JENCKES. I make the point of order
on that section that it is new legislation and
does not belong iu this bill.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is too late
with his point of order. This bill does not
stand in the position of an ordinary appropri-
ation bill. Tt. was introduced by me and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriation sand
reported back from that committee.
Mr. JENCKES. All points of order were
reserved on this bill.
Mr. DAWES. But- not until after it had
come hack from the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Mr. WOOD. Points ol order were reserved
bythegentlemau from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi/max.]
Mr. DAWES. 'The points ot order were not
reserved until after the bill was brought back
from the Committee on Appropriations. That
would be in season if this appropriation bill
had come before the House in the ordinary
way. When they usually come befoie (lie
House on a leport from a committee it is
their first appearance; but this is not such a
bill. This was introduced by me in the House,
and on my motion referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and after it was considered
by the Committee on Appropriations, was re-
ported back to the House. The time to have
reserved points of order was when the bill was
first introduced.
Mr. .rENCKES. When the bill was intro-
duced it was onlv read bv its title.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the Speaker stated points of order on this
bill would be reserved.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will state that on my
motion all points of order were reserved on
this bilk
Mr. DAWES. That was at the usual time,
and such a reservation would apply to an or-
dinary appropriation bill : but the Chair will
observe that this bill was not brought forward
in the ordinary way. It was introduced on my
motion and referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and when it was introduced was
the time that the reservation of points of order
should have been made.
'flic CHAIRMAN. As it was the nndei-
standing of tin; Speaker as well as of the House
that points of order were reserved, the Chair
will sustain the point of order, and the section
is therefore stricken out. «
Mr. DAWES. I move to correct an error
on page 59, and to make the appropriation
$8,000 instead of $800 ; so it will read as fol-
lows :
Yakama nation:
For last of five installments of second series for
beneficial objects, at the discretion ot tho President,
per fouith article treaty 9th June, 1855, $S,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAFFE. I move an amendment in
line sixteen hundred and sixty-eight. It is
there provided '''that none of the payments
herein provided,&c., ami that maybe taken
to apply only to the Indians mentioned in that
paragraph. J move to strike out. the word
"herein" and to insert under this act;" so
that the paragraph will then road afi follows :
Tor this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary to reestablish tho Shoshor.e3 Barmaeks,
and other strolling bands of Indians in tno southern
portion of Idaho Territory, on the Fort Hall reser-
vation, on Snake river, Idaho Territory, including
the transportation of all necessary articles and tho
material and labor for tho construction of tho houses
and mills and pay of necessary employes for ono
year, 830,000: Provided, That none oi the payments
provided for under this act shall bo made unless tho
Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied that tho
tribes, bands, or individuals named have observed
the treaty stipulations under which such payments
have become due, and also the provisions'of any
other treaties with the Government to which tliey
may be parties; or in case portions of said tribes or
bauds have obseived all of said obligations, pay-
ments shall he made to them t -o rata.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to go back and move an amendment in regard
to tho Idaho superintendeney. i wish to in-
sert a provision for two Indian agents for the
Territory of Idaho, the same to be paid out of
the appropriation hereby made, so that it shall
not eost a dollar more.
Objection was made.
Mr. DAWES moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Judd
reported that the Committeo of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration House bill No. 123,
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 80,
1870, and had directed him to report tho same
back to the House with sundry amendments.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on tho state of the Union were con-
curred in.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentleman
from Minnesota, in accordance with my prom-
ise, to offer his amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to strike out
tho following proviso :
Provided, That no part of the moneys appropri-
ated by this act, or hereafter to be appropriated, to
pay annuities due tho yancton Sioux Indians, shall
be expended for any other articles of food, clothing:,
agricultural or mechanical implements than such as
shall be agreed upon by the chiefs and headmen of
su.id tribe, in a general council held lor this purpose,
the same to be estimated for by the local a^ent and
certified by tho superintendent of Indian affairs for
said tribe.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following :
Provided, That no part of the moneys appropri-
ated to pay annuities due to the several tribes or
bands of Indiansnanied in this act shall be expended
lor any other articles of food, clothing, agricultural
or mechanical implements except such as shall bo
agreed upon by the chief's and headmen of said tribe,
in a general council held for this purpose, the same
to be estimated for by the iocal agent and certified
by the supeiintendent of Indian affairs, except when
otherwise provided by treaty stipulations.
Mr. DAWES demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and tho
main question ordered.
'The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FHOU TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Sir. McDoxaij), its Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to tho report
of the committee of conference in reference to
the appointment of a joint select Committee on
Retrenchment.
AD.rOUIlN.MEXT OVER.
Mr. WOOD moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
