174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
tolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (S.
11. No. 21) authorizing the removal of the pub-
lic stables, steam saw-mill, and other buildings
from the Capitol grounds; when the Speaker
signed the same.
TEXAS CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. PAINE. I have been requested by the
chairman of the Committee on Reconstruction,
now absent, to ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That Edwin J. Davis. J. W. Flanagan,
M. C. Hamilton, W. M. Varnell, and J. R. Burnett,
members of the constitutional convention of Texas,
and delegates from that convention, be admitted to
the floor of the House during the present session of
Congress.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
PAItAGUAY.
Mr. JUDD, at the request of Mr. Banks,
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
by unanimous consent submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
to whom wasreferred the memorial of Porter 0. Bliss
and Q-eorgeF. Masterman. be directed to inquire into
all the circumstances relating to the alleged impris-
onment of said Bliss and Masterman, and into the
conduct of the late American minister to Paraguay,
and of the officers commanding the South Atlantic
squadron since the breaking out of the Paraguayan
war, and that they be authorized to send for persons
and papers, and to report at any time.
TAN WYCK VS. GREENE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House papers in the New York con-
tested-election ease of Van Wyck vs. Greene;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
S. A. PEUGir.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, inclosing estimate of appropriation to
pay S. A, Peugh for occupancy of his building
by the Pension Office; which were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
AMENDMENT TO TUB CONSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of Massa-
chusetts, transmitting resolution of the Legis-
lature of that Slate ratifying the amendment
to the Constitution known as the fifteenth arti-
cle; which was referred to the Committee on
the J udiciary and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Fisher
for five days.
distil!,ki) spirits.
Mr. ALLISON, at the requestof Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, entered a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (II. R. No. 140)
to amend an act entitled "An act imposing a
tax on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20,18G8, wasreferred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
And then, on motion of Mr. WOOD, (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. in.,) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Moses
VY. Field and others, of Detroit, Michigan,
praying that the revenue steamer William P.
Fessenden be retained in the Detroit district
and put in commission for public service as
speedily as possible.
By Mr. BEAUTY: The petition of Daniel
M. Page, first lieutenant thirty-eighth regiment
United States infantry, asking to be relieved
from accountability for the sum of $420, funds
belonging to the subsistence department, stolen
from him in December last.
Also, the petition of Thomas R. Smith and
50 others, citizens of Marion county, Ohio,
asking for the establishment of a post route
from Marion, via Maple Grove, to Middletown,
Ohio.
By Mr. DUVAL: The petition of Riley
Barnes and others, citizens of Wheeling, West
Virginia, praying for the repeal of duties on
foreign barley.
Also, the petition of J. Applegate and others,
citizens of West Virginia, praying that a
monthly bounty be paid to soldiers of 1812.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Abram
Tuffelmire and 43 others, of Grand Rapids,
Michigan, praying that an act be passed grant-
ing him a pension.
By Mr. IIA WLEY: A petition of citizens of
Moline, Illinois, piaying that in any future
changes of the Constitution in respect to the
right of suffrage no distinction shall be made
between men and women.
Also, the petition of Henry Head, of Quiucy,
Illinois, for relief.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 01 citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying that the right of
women to vote shall be recognized in any
future amendment of the Constitution of the
United States.
Also, two memorials of the Universal Peace
Society of the United States, praying Congress
to adopt the policy of peace, of kindness, and
of justice, in dealing with our Indian tribes.
By Mr. ORTH: The memorial of.Joshua
Shields, asking for a pension.
By Mr. TOVVNSEND: A petition of the
trustees, faculty, and friends of the Lincoln
University at Oxford, Pennsylvania, for a
grant of public lands for educational purposes.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 20, 18f>9.
Prayer by Rev. Mansfield Fkench, of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
a ppro ved.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate resolutions of the Legislature of Maine,
ratifying the amendment to the Constitution of
the United States known as article fifteen ;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating an estimate ofappropria-
tion relating to a contract made by D. W. Bal-
lard, while Governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs for Idaho Territory for certain
supplies for the Indians in his superiutendency;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. CATTELL I present the memorial of
the mayorand common council of Atlantic City,
New Jersey, and also of the president and
directors of the Camden and Atlantic railroad,
setting forth that the light-house erected at
Atlantic City, one of the noblest structures on
the line of the Atlantic coast, is now in immi-
nent danger on account of the encroachments
of the sea. They represent that within a year
or two five hundred feet, of the land approach-
ingthelight-house have been washed away, and
that it is the opinion of those intimately ac-
quainted with the sea coast that in the course
of a year or two, if nothing is done to prevent
it, the tower must fall from the encroachments
of the sea. It is a structure which cost the
Government of the United States about two
hundred thousand dollars ; and the subject is
worthy the immediate attention of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom I move that
these papers be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of
certain residents of Washington, praying Con-
gress toexamine into certain measures adopted
by the city government of Washington, giving
privileges to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company calculated to obstruct and injure
certain streets and avenues of that city. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The motion was ag?eed to.
Mr. FERRY. I present the petition of J.
L. Morgan, of Clarke county, Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of disabilities. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not perceive any likelihood that the
House of Representatives is going to concur
in the resolution of the Senate creating a joint
committee upon the subject of the removal of
disabilities. We have upon our table now a
largenumber of petitions unreferred, and have
waited for the whole period of the session thus
far for the action of the House. Something
ought to be done with these petitions, and 1
move the reference of the one which I have
just introduced to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the remaining petitions now on the
table praying for the removal of disabilities will
be referred"to the same committee, the Senate
having indicated that as the proper committee.
The Chair hears no objection, and it is so or
dered.
Mr. WILSON" presented the petitions of R.
D. Harvey of Georgia, Lewis W. Burwell of
Virginia, and Travis H. Epes of Virginia, pray-
ing to be relieved from political disabilities;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. W1LLEY presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Irwin, of St. Bernard's parish, Louis-
iana, praying for indemnity for losses sustained
by the occupancy of his premises by the United
States troops under Generals A. J. Smith and
P. H. Sheridan in 1865; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FERRY presented additional papers in
relation to the application of H. W. Sheffy,
praying for the removal of his political disabil-
ities ; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of Ihe
faculty and friends of Lincoln University, Ox-
ford, Pennsylvania, praying for a donation of
a portion of the public lands. In presenting
this memorial I would state that this is an edu-
cational institution which long before the negro
was either really or prospectively an element
in the political power of the cojiutry took care
of him, educated him, sent him forth to be
useful; and in moving as I do for the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on
Public Lands I ask for it their favorable and
attentive consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Asa
J. Merrow, late a private in the thirty-first regi-
ment Maine infantry volunteers, praying to be
relieved from a charge of desertion, and that
he may be awarded all moneys forfeited in con-
sequence of the sentence passed on him for
such alleged desertion; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of John
B. Kennedy, guardian of Joanna Carroll, or-
phan daughter of Cornelius Carroll, deceased,
late corporal company IC, twelfth infantry, Illi-
nois volunteers, praying for a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that
pensions be granted to the soldiers of the war
of 1812, and to the widows of such as have
deceased ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the following
resolutions of the Legislature of New Jersey ;
which were read, referred to the Committee oti
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed:
" Whereas the navigation of the river Delaware to
the city of Trenton, New Jersey, at the head of tide-
water, is a matter of much commercial importance to
