176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. SUMNER. May not the committee be
discharged ? It will then be before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the committee
might be discharged.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill will then be before
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is befoix
the Senate by the usage of the Senate, as the
Chair is informed, and it goes upon the Calen-
dar and cannot be called up except by unani-
mous consent to-day.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 174) granting relief to Lois Clark; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 17->J
for the relief of Elizabeth Mathys ; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 17G)
granting a pension to Anna E. Frei; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
177) creating an additional land district in the
Territory of Colorado ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 178) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
junction of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
in the State of Missouri, to the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico at or
near Presidio del Norte, on the Rio Grande,
in the direction of the harbor of Altata, on the
Gulf of California, in the republic of Mexico,
with a branch from some point east of the
ninety-eighth degree of west longitude, to the
city of Lawrence, in the State of Kansas, which
was read twicc by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 170) to prohibit secret sales or purchases
of gold on account of the United States, and
for other purposes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
180) for the relief of Johanna Carroll; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. POMEEOY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 181) relating to the Union Pacilic Rail-
way Company, southern branch; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to beprinted.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
X'lo. 182) for the relief of the heirs of William
A. Ilines, deceased; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
183) to authorize subscriptions by the corpo-
rate authorities of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown to the capital stock of certain rail-
road companies ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
-Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 35) donating the Lincoln
Hospital to the Columbia Hospital for Women
and Lying-in Asylum; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 80) respecting the retirement of
Brevet Major General S. P. Heintzelman;
; which was read twice by its title, referred to
< the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 37) amendatory of the
| acts of March 3, 1857, and of March 12, 1864,
! grasating lands to the States of Minnesota and
: Iowa to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
minting of an amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to bo proposed to the bill (S.
No. 3) to enforce the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution and the laws of the United
States in the State of Georgia, and to restore to
that State the republican government elected
under its new constitution ; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
subordinate officers 01? tub senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Remitted, That the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate be in-
structed to inquiro into the mode of appointment
and tenure of otlicc of the subordinate officers of the
Senate, ;ind to report if any changes are desirable ill
the same.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is a mere resolution
of inquiry.
Mr. ROBERTSON. To what committee is
it directed?
Mr. ANTHONY. To the Committee on
Contingent Expenses.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
committkb on disabilities removals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its immediate consid-
eration :
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be au-
thorized to appoint a special committee, to consist
of five Senators, to whom shall be referred all mat-
ters relating to the removal of political disabilities.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Some days since I
offered a resolution proposing that a select,
committee of nine be appointed on the removal
of political disabilities, to whom all petitions
on that subject should be referred. Objection
was made to the immediate consideration of
that resolution, and 1 have never heard of it
since. It lies on the table, and I should like
to call it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have 110 objection to
that course. 1 had forgotten the resolution
of the Senator. It was objected to at the time
it was offered bccause we then hoped that we
should be able to secure a joint committee of
the two Houses on the subject. That having
failed, if the Senator from South Carolina now
prefers to call up his resolution I have no ob-
jection ; though I think nine would be too large
a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from South Carolina to pro-
pose to call up the resolution heretofore offered
by him, and if there be no objection that will
be regarded as before the Senate instead of the
resolution of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the pending resolu-
tion be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be au-
thorized to appoint a special committee, to consist
of nine Senators, to whom shall be referred all mat-
ters relating to the removal of political disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not in this morn-
ing when, as I understand, the memorials 011
this subject were referrred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. We have had some expe-
rience in that committee on this subject and
know the impossibility, with the business that
is before that committee, of paying much at-
tention to it; and the Senate will know, if they
will reflect for a moment upon the business we
have in that committee, which embraces, first,
all questions in regard to the judicial system,
then all election matters go to that committee ;
as we have no Committee on Elections, and all
reconstruction matters are referred to that com-
mittee, as we have no Committee on Recon-
struction. The duties of the Committee on the
Judiciary are such that it is impossible to give
that examination to these disability cases that
the subject requires. There is, therefore, a
necessity for having a special committee to
look into the subject. 1 bad hoped that it
would be a joint committee ; but it seems that
the other House has not concurred in the res-
olution which was passed by the Senate for
the purpose of raising a joint committee.
Now, the proposition is to have a special com-
mittee. The Senator from South Carolina
thinks it had better be a large committee. I
have 110 fixed opinion about that except that
it should be such a committee as practically
can best accomplish the object, and I would
state to the Senator from South Carolina that
he will find it very difficult to get so large a
committee as nine together.
The members of the Senate all have com-
mittee duties to perform, which occupy much
of their time, and I think it will be found dif-
ficult to get so many together to consider these
matters. I think it will practically be found
better to have a smaller committee. Of course
the Senator understands, and I beg to say to
the Presiding Officer, that in offering this reso-
lution I offered it because the Committee on
i the Judiciary could not attend to the business,
and it will be impracticable for me to attend
to it upon the special committee, and it must
be understood that I cannot go on the com-
I mittee and discharge its duties. I offer the
! resolution because the public service and justice
! to many parties whose disabilities ought to be
I removed require that some action should be
j taken, and not that I may be put on a com-
j mittee where I cannot serve and perform the
duties that would devolve upon me.
i The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
i now before ttie Senate by unanimous consent
I is the resolution of the Senator from South
Carolina providing for a committee of nine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina that he had best put it at
five or seven ; I should think five.
Several Senators. Seven.
Mr. liOBERTSON. My object in asking
for nine was to get as large a representation as
possible from the southern States on this com-
mittee. No one knows better the condition of
affairs in the South than the Senators represent-
ing the South. That was my only object in
asking for a committee composed of nine.
Air. POMEROY. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out "nine'' and insert-
ing "seven."
Mr. ROBERTSON. Well, sir, I will accept
that modification.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from
the further consideration of the memorials 011
this subject, and that they be referred to this
special committee as soon as the Chair shall
appoint it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Donald C. Stith, of Alexandria, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee 011
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
cheap ocean postage-
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following teso-
lution:
Whereas the inland postage on aletterthroughuut
the United States is throe cents, while the ocean
j postage on a similar letter to Great Britain, under
: a recent convention, is twelve cents, and on a letter
to France is thirty cents, beina: a burdensome tax
amounting often to a prohibition of foreign corre-
spondence, yet letters can be carried at less cost on
sea than on land ; and wbereas by increasing eorre*
