180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
when he is obedient to all the laws of his coun-
try; when he faithfully discharges the duties
incumbent upon him, where is the necessity of
ejecting that man from office, who has perhaps
grown gray in the service of the country, in or-
der to give it to a partisan, one unacquainted
with its duties, and who may have to learn to
perform them? The theory of Mr. Jefferson,
and the true theory, was that a man should not
be removed from office simply because of a dif-
ference of opinion with those in power. Why
should a mail who performs all his duties, who
abstains from all active participation in the
polities of the country, who does not prostitute
his office to party purposes, who is honest in
the, discharge of its duties, who is faithful and
just, be removed from office simply because
a President of the United States is elected for
whom he did not vote, and if he resided in the
District of Columbia for whom he had no right
to vote? Why should he, merely because he
exercised the right of an American citizen in
supposing that the interests ofthe country would
be promoted by the election of another, be
subjected to proscription ?
Was that the opinion of the fathers of the
Constitution ? Did they say that a change of
administration would and should involve a
change of the officers of the Government?
No, sir. The senior Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe,] in the discussion of the tenure-
of-office bill, alluding to the debate in the First
Congress upon the power of the President to
remove a Secretary of State, said:
"Mr. Madison said, however, in the eourso of
that debate, andrepeatedit. thatif the presidential
office did fall into the hands of a man who would
remove an officer faithfully devoted to the discharge
of his duties because ho did not like his political
opinions, that would be just ground of impeachment,
and he undoubtedly believed that the Representa-
tives of the American people would always be pre-
pared to resent such an act of power by enforcing
the remedy which he thought plain."
That opinion of Mr. Madison is approvingly
recorded by Judge Story in his Commentaries,
and on the subject of the election of a Presi-
dent he writes:
"The man in whose favor a majorityof the people
of the United States would unite to elect him to such
an office had every probability at least m favor of his
principles. He must be presumed to possess integ-
rity, independence, and high talents. It would be
impossible that he should abuse the patronage of the
Government or his power of removal to the base pur-
poses of gratifying a party or of ministering to his
own resentments, or of displacing upright and excel-
lent otfioors for a mere difference of opinion. The
publio odium which would inevitably attaoh to such
conduct would be a perfect security against it. And,
in truth, removals made from such motives, orwith a
view to bestow tho offices upon dependents or favor-
ites, would be an impeachable offense. One of the
most distinguished framera of the Constitution (Mr.
Madison) on that occasion, after having expressed
bis opinion dee dodly in favor of tho existence of tho
power of removal in the Executive, added: ' In tho
first place he will be impeachable by this House
before the Senate for such an act of maladministra-
tion ; fori con tend that tho wan ton removal of merit-
orious officers would subject him to impeachment
and removal from his high trust.' "
To be found in the Senate Journals of July
18, 1789, page 42.
Now, the object for which some Senators
advocate the repeal or the suspension of this
law is that the President may remove from
office those who simply differ with him in polit-
ical sentiment. That is avowed as the cause
or motive for the repeal or suspension of the
law. Did our fathers look upon this power
of removal in the Constitution in such a light?
Mr. Madison and another distinguished mem-
ber of the Congress of 1789 declared that such
a removal, without sufficient cause, and simply
for a difference of political opinion, would be
just cause of impeachment; that the man who
would thus prostitute his office for party pur-
poses, who would remove competent, intelli-
gent, and worthy officers solely because some
partisan friends desired their positions ought
to be impeached and removed from office.
That was the opinion of the fathers. Have we,
the successors of those distinguished men who
formed the Constitution and who framed the
very first laws enacted by Congress so degen-
erated, shall we so far depart from their teach-
ings and example, as to encourage and assist,
by our legislation, a President to proscribe for
opinion's sake, and who, in their opinion, if
he thus acted, would deserve impeachment.
I have here a list of the yeas and nays upon
the question of the passage of the tenure-of-
office bill after it was returned by the President
with his veto, which I will read:
"Yeas—-Messrs. Anthynv, Cattell, Chandler, Con-
ness, Cragin, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fogg, Foster,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,
Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, VanWinkle, Wade,
Willey, "Williams, Wilson, and Yates. _
"Nays—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Hendricks, Johnson, Nesmith, Norton,
Patterson, and Saulsbury."
I have just commented upon the teachings
ofthe fathers on this subject. I have here the
words of one of their intelligent and patriotic
descendants, a member of this body, upon the
subject of the removal of officers. It is an ex-
tract from a speech made on the 17th of Janu-
ary, 1867, in the discussion of this tenure-of-
office bill by the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Willey.] a Republican. He said:
"I have long entertained the opinion that the
appointing power, and especially the power of re-
moval from office by the Executive of the United
States, was a verydangerous power, liable to abuse,
and that if it could be constitutionally done there
should be restrictions placed upon it. My opinion
in reference to that subject is not tho result of recent
events connecting themselves with that question,
but it has been one long entertained. I believe that
it is contrary to the theory of our Government,
dangerous to its integrity and to the proper balances
of the coordinate branches, and I was very glad that
a proposition was introduced tor the purpose of
applying, if possible, some proper limitations on the
exercise of that power. I think it is demoralizing
as it now stands, or rather as it has been exercised m
times past both upon the Executive and upon the
people, furnishing motives of corruption on the part
ofthe Executive, tempting him, for political or per-
sonal purposes, to the abuse of the power which the
Constitution seems to have placed in his hands, and
especially in that construction given to it by pre-
scription and by usaae. On the other hand.it is very
demoralising upon the people, upon the elector."
This opinion reads like the opinion of one
of the framers of the Constitution. It is wise
and just, and in perfect consonance with the
opinions of those who made the Constitution,
and of those who organized the Government
under it. If is demoralizing that armies of
office-seekers should come up every four years
to the seat of Government and ask for the
removal of competent men from office to make
room for themselves because they have ren-
dered service to a party. When this practice
shall cease, as it did not exist in the period of
the early Presidents, the country will be bene-
fited and we shall resume our wonted honor-
able position. But if office is to be substituted
for patriotism, and the thirst for office is to be
gratified only because men support one party
or the other, it will strike at the very found-
ations of the Republic and may ultimately
result in despotism. After Rome had degener-
ated the supreme authority was sold for money.
When the dispensation of offices shall openly
become the price of ours the days of consti-
tutional liberty will have been numbered oti
this continent.
The Senator from West Virginia says that
it is demoralizing to the President, demoral-
izing to the people, demoralizing to the elec-
tors. No truer sentiments were ever uttered.
That is what the Senator from Missouri alluded
to when he said the system was vicious. It is
a pernicious system, and, as the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Spkague] said, we have a
new anu formidable force of five hundred thou-
sand negroes in addition to the usual swarm of
office-seekers coming up and seeking for office
when they should be employed in useful labor,
and which sad condition is produced by the
legislation of Congress. Instead ofdiminishing
the evil we are increasing it.
Shall this deplorable state of things continue ?
It is not the proper and legitimate exercise of
the power of removal, but it is an abuse of
the power. The power exists in the President
to remove for cause. He is to judge of the
cause. As soon as the nomination is assented
to by the Senate you turn the nominee over to
the President, and if between the time of that
consent and the delivery of the commission
the President ascertains that he has been de-
ceived in the representations made in regard
to the character or capacity of the person he
can withhold the commission and the very
next day nominate a man in the place of the
one whom you had approved. As the Senator
from Delaware so well said yesterday, the
supervisive power of the President is continued
from the moment he nominates to the moment
you notify him of your consent, and when he
issues the commission and delivers it to him
who is to execute the law the Constitution
says the President is to "take care" that it
is executed. He who has selected one to
fulfill the duties of an office is to " take care"
that he perform those duties, and if he fails
he removes him and appoints another. The
necessities or exigencies of the public service
may require the promptest action.
Mr. President, we are called upon now to
repeal this law, the execution of which had
well nigh shaken this country to its founda-
tions. Under this law you had the spectacle
ofthe President ofthe United States, he who
occupied that high office, exercising only the
power which every President had done before
him, impeached and tried ; you had the House
of Representatives here to witness it, with its
managers as prosecutors ; the diplomatic seats
filled with foreign ministers and embassadors ;
you had the galleries filled with the fashion and
the beauty of the country. This law was then
deemed so important and of so much conse-
quence as to threaten the deposition of the
President for an alleged infraction of it, for the
removal of a Cabinet officer who was not in
harmony with him and whom he could not take
to his counsels.
Although Senators said at the time of the
passage of the law that he ought to have the
power to remove Cabinet officers, and, as I
understood when those words were stricken
out by the House and the bill returned to the
Senate, it was stated publicly by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that it was not in-
tended to apply to Cabinet officers; yet for
removing an intractable and refractory Cabinet
officer the President of the United States almost
lost his office. This law, which was considered
of so much importance as to bring about results
of that character, it is now proposed to suspend
in its operation. Senators who voted for the
condemnation of the President, and to remove
him from office for violating this law, now con-
sider it of so little importance and minor con-
sequence as to advocate its suspension. Sir,
let, us repeal it; let us wipe it from the statute-
book and have no more impeachments under it.
The late President referred in his farewell
address to this subject. Speakingof Congress,
he said:
"They have destroyed the strength and efficiency
of the executive department by making subordinate
officers independent of and able to defy their chief.
Tliey have attempted to place the President under
the power oi a bold, defiant, and treacherous Cabi-
net officer."
In conclusion he says:
" It will also be recorded as one of the marvels of
the times that a party claiming for itself a monopoly
of consistency and patriotism, and boasting, too, of
its unlimited sway, endeavored by a costly and de-
liberate trial to impeach one who defended the Con-
stitution and the Union notonly throughoutthewar
of the rebellion, but during his whole term of office
as Chief Magistrate; but at the same time could find
no warrant or means at their command to bring to
trial even the chief of the rebellion. Indeed, the
remarkable failures in his case were so often repeated
that for propriety's sake, if for no other reason, it
became at last necessary to extend to him an uncon-
ditional pardon. What more plainly than this illus-
trates the extremity of party management and
inconsistency on the one hand, and of faction, vin-
dictiveness, and intolerance on the other ? Patriot-
ism will haidly be encouraged when, in such a record,
it sees that its instant reward may be the most vii u-
lent party abuse and obloquy, if not attempted dis-
grace. Instead ofseekmgto " make treason odious,"
it would in truth seem to have been their puipose
rather to make the defense of the Constitution and
the Union a crime, and to punish fidelity to an oath
of office, if counter to party dictation, by all the
means at their command." * ^ * * *
"Calmly reviewing my administration of tho Gov-
ernment, I feel that, with a sense of accountability
to God, having conscientiously endeavored to dis-
charge my whole duty, I have nothing to regret.
