182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
I had determined months ago to vote for the
repeal of this law without consultation with
any one. I did so, carrying out the under-
standing which I had, that it was a law for a
temporary purpose; and 1 am glad to find that
the public sentiment of the country is sustain-
ing the position which I occupy and the posi-
tion of those who agree with me on this ques-
tion. I see it in the public press; I see it in
the expression of Legislatures—of Republican
Legislatures. I see it—and I have a right to
allude to it, although I know it is sometimes
regarded as questionable to allude to the other
House—1 see it in the expression of the pop-
ular branch of the national Legislature, where
seven to one voted for the repeal of this law,
the members of that House being the imme-
diate Representatives of the people. That is
not a sufficient reason, I admit, but it goes to
show that the judgment is right.
But it is proposed to suspend the operations
of this law till the next session of Congress.
That very proposed suspension is an answer to
the continuance of the law. The admission
that the suspension is necessary and desirable
is an admission that the law ought not to be
continued on the statute-book. Why suspend
it for six months if the law has all the advan-
tages and all the benefits for which gentlemen
contend ? If it is so necessary to the preserva-
tion of the Republic, why suspend it ? And
then if you suspend, why limit the suspension
to six months or to the meeting of the next
session of Congress? I have heard no answer
to this question yet. I say if the law is just
and right as a permanent statute you are wrong
in proposing its suspension. My honorable
friend from Michigan [Mr. Howard] says it
will be the highest compliment that we can pay
to President Grant. My friend from Michigan,
I know, enjoys a joke. I thought the other
day when I listened to him that he was perpe-
trating a joke at the expense of the Senate.
Said he, " We propose to suspend it till the
next session of Congress. That is the highest
compliment we can pay to the President."
And then myhonorable friend from .New York
[Mr. Conkling] joined in and said, " Longer
than that; it will be suspended in effect until
the end of the next session of Congress, and
that will leave him a year."
It seemed to afford them a great degree of
satisfaction that they proposed to give Presi-
dent Grant the benefit of a suspension until
the end of the next session of Congress. I
get no answer, and no one yet has received an
answer to the question, why limit it? If you
mean to show confidence in President Grant,
why did not the committee, why did not the
friendsofsuspension, substitute the words "the
4th of March, '1873 ?" I hope before the vote
is taken we shall have an answer to that ques-
tion. I am not talking about confidence in
President Grant; 1 am not here to compliment
him ; but if the honorable Senators mean that
why do they not put it in language which means
somethingreal and tangible? To insert "until
the 4th oi March, 1873," will make good their
words. Without that date it is an unmeaning
compliment; it is questionable. Sir, I will
not question the intentions of Senators ; I re-
peat I concede to them the utmost purity of
motive, but the country will understand that
it is a period of probation. The country will
not go into an examination of the question why
was it limited to the next session of Congress,
but they will understand, however honorable
Senators may intend it, that it is to put General
Grant upon a period of trial; and if I were
not a member of this body I would say it was
a subterfuge, but as I am I will not do it. It
is an avoidance of the issue, and the country
will so regard it. To suspend the law for six
months or till the next session of Congress
the country will regard as trying Grant, as
looking like a disposition on the part of Con-
gress to see how the President executes the
duties of his office and how he makes removals,
as to whether it is satisfactory or not, and if it
is not then the law will be restored and put in
operation a£aia.
Mr. President, I happened to take up a paper
from a section of my State, an interior town,
and my eye fell upon the remarks made by
President Grant to the committee sent by the
Senate and House of Representatives to inform
him officially of his election. The words are
familiar, but I will read them again :
" General Grant said that in accepting the office
of President of the Uoited States he assured them of
his determination to carry out faithfully the obliga-
tions of that office, and referred to tho necessities of
an honest and faithful execution of the revenue
laws. He should endeavor to select for his assistants
in the administration of the Governmcntgood, capa-
ble, honest, aud patriotic men; and in this he hoped
to havo the concurrence of the Senate; that if he did
not succeed in getting competent men on the first
trial he should remove them and select others; that
ho should have no more hesitation in changing his
own appointees than those of his predecessors in
office."
There you have the determination of the
President, in which he asks for the concurrence
of the Senate. The Senate, the other House,
and the country have resounded with charges
of corruption, of malfeasance in office, of
whisky rings, of stealing by the million from
the public Treasury. He told that committee
what he intended to do ; that he would remove
all such, and that if he were deceived in his
own appointees he would as soon remove them
as he would remove the appointees of his pre-
decessor. How does the Senate propose to
meet President Grant on and after that declar-
ation ? Why, it is proposed to keep his hands
tied just as we tied down Andrew Johnson.
But, say the opponents of repeal, "We pro-
pose to suspend the law for the time being."
But what do you propose then ? What can you
do but restore it or suspend it for another six
months? You cannot do anything else, for
there is nothing about this law except to en-
force it, to repeal it, or to suspend it. What
is the object, I ask honorable Senators, in
limiting the suspension to the next session of
Congress ? How does the President know what
you propose to do then ? Will he feel free to
make removals in the coming recess? Can it
be desired or hoped by those who favor sus-
pension that they may get their friends into
office and that then they propose to close the
gates, to shut down and prevent any further
removals, any removals of those to whom he
alludes when he says "If my own appointees
are found unworthy and unfit I will apply the
knife to them just as soon as to those of
Andrew Johnson?"
But it has been said that there is not time to
consider this law, to modify it, and to put it
into proper shape at the present session of
Congress, and that is given as a reason for sus-
pending the operation of the law until the next
session. I repeat, you can do only one of three
things—enforce this law, suspend it, or repeal
it; and every Senator on this floor is as ready
to vote to-day at he will be on tho 1st day of
December next. If there is not time to-day,
or this week or next, we can take the time,
for we can command our own time. We have
fixed upon no day for adjournment, and we are
not obliged to_ do it. We are paid a salary by
the year. It is not our time, but it is the time
of the country. There is no haste about ad-
journing. I have sometimes heard Senators
express the idea that the country was tired of
Congress being in session ; was tired of legis-
lation. I deny it. There is no evidence of it.
The country regard it as the duty of Congress
to remain in session until it has done up all its
work. There is time. In behalf of the hon-
orable committee, the able Committee on the
Judiciary, in behalf of the Senate, I deny that
we have not time to consider and determine
and settle this question.
Sir, under the operations of the tenure-of-
office law the President can only suspend for
several causes ; which are if the incumbent
"is guilty of misconduct in officeor crime, or
for any reason shall become incapable or le-
gally disqualified to perform its duties." "In
such ease and in no other the President may
suspend." I call the attention of the Senate
to this fact, which I have no doubt has occurred
to every Senator, that the only reason and
ground on which the President cannot sus-
pend is political opinion. That is the sole
effect of the law, that he shall not remove a
political adversary ; and a portion of the Re-
publican party in this Senate are striving to
keep that law in force. They are striving to
keep the manacles upon the President of our
own choice. Deny this if they can success-
fully. And when they propose suspension it
does not meet the case. That, I answer, is only
putting the President on trial for a brief pe-
riod. There is a motive in limiting the sus-
pension to the next session of Congress, though
they do not present it. I have shown that the
answer as to time does not exist. It does not
meet the question. The only prohibition is
that the President cannot remove men who
differ from him in political opinion ; and that
is the spectacle which is presented in the Sen-
ate to-day.
Now, it is really a question of the retention
on our part of a little power. There is no great
constitutional question about it. The President
can send in nominations while we are in ses-
sion. When we adjourn, after the former prac-
tice before the enactment of this law, he could
remove during the recess, and appoint succes-
sors, and then report the nominations to the
Senate at the next session, aud they expired
at the end of that session. The only difference
is that under this law he cannot remove during
the recess; he cannot suspend except for mal-
feasance in office or for crime. We then have
the supervisory power at the next session of
Congress; and there is the sole difference about
which this protracted debate has gone on day
after day.
I know that it is in human nature to seek
power. Men are ever grasping after power,
and when once obtained they are very anxious
to retain it. It is an incident of human nature.
But in this case it is only a question of time
whether we shall have this power over the Pres-
ident during the recess or during the next ses-
sion of Congress. If we repeal this law he can
then make removals during the recess, and
those whom he appoints cannot hold office
after the conclusion of the next session of Con-
gress except by our consent; and there is the
sole difference ; and that is the great constitu-
tional question which has elicited so much
discussion, so much argument, and has induced
members of this body to delve down into the
musty records of the dead past to bring up the
diaries and the views of men of a former age!
Sir, I am willing to say to President Grant,
"We authorize you to remove during the
recess, aud we will pass upon your appoint-
ments when we meet again ;" and my amend-
ment requires him to present those appoint-
ments to the Senate within thirty days after
we convene ; and we prohibit by my amend-
ment the appointment of any man to office who
has been rejected by the Senate. That is all
the supervisory power which I desire to exer-
cise over his appointments. I desire to say to
him by my vote, " We give you the right to
exercise this power. Exercise it, and we will
hold you accountable for its exercise.
The honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz,] who addressed tife Senate yesterday,
took occasion to speak of the patronage of the
Government as a curse as it is now used. We
have often read and heard homilies upon the
patronage of the Government. An eminent
Democratic statesman many years ago, during
the Presidency of that distinguished Democrat,
Andrew Jackson, enunciated the sentiment
that "to the victors belong the spoils." As to
the taste which dictated that form of expres-
sion I will not make any criticism ; but here,
in the American Senate, I indorse the doctrine
that to the party which accedes to power by the
verdict of the American people belongs the
patronage of the Government. I know it is
fashionable to denounce and to decry patron-
age and the spoils of office ; but point me to a
Senator on this floor who has not sought to
exercise^ the right of dispensing patronage to
his political friends and supporters. I do not
think you will find a member in either House
