1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
of Congress who has declined ever to use that
patronage if he could c'oinmand it. That man
who aspires to office and who reaches the goal
of his ambition and then refuses to stand by
those who have helped him ascend the ladder
he has been climbing deserves to fail, and he
will fail. That man who refuses to help his
political supporters to office, if they desire it,
will have no friends, for he deserves none;
and that political party which refuses to reward
its own supporters and followers will soon go
to the wall, and deserves to.
There are two parties in the country, and
God forefend the day when there will be only
one. That party which does rise to power by
the votes of the American people is entitled to
the disposition of the patronage of the Gov-
ernment. " He that does not provide for his
own household is worse than an infidel." I
believe that is correct; if it is not my honor-
able friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] will correct
me; he is my authority on all theological
questions. [Laughter.] I therefore denounce
these disquisitious upon the patronage of office.
I have heard it called a curse to any party in
this Chamber. Sir, that party which is in
power should reward its own friends, the only
requisites being competency p.nd honesty ; and
that is one reason why I desire the repeal of
this tenure-of-office act, that the President of
the United States shall be left free under the
Constitution and the former existing laws to
make removals, first, of the dishonest, knavish
officials throughout the country ; then of the
Johnson men and the copperheads. I believe
that is sound doctrine, and the party which
does not carry out that doctrine will soon find
itself in the minority, as it deserves to be.
Mr. President, I have taken up more time
than I intended when I rose. I shall soon close.
I have heard expressions of confidence from
various Senators upon this floor in the Presi-
dent of the United States. I might be consid-
ered as outside if I did not follow in that track,
but I shall not do it. I will only refer to one
incident in closing my remarks. It affords me
peculiar satisfaction to vote for this bill, and I
do not recur to it for the purpose of adulation,
for that I despise as much as my honorable
friend from Maine; but 1 say I experience pecu-
liar satisfaction in voting for the passage of
this bill when I recur to an incident that has
already occurred since the 4tli of March. After
the inauguration of the present President he
sent to this body a message asking for the
repeal of a certain law, the knowledge of which
did not occur to him at the time he made a
nomination here, and which did not occur to
any Senator on this floor. He asked that the
law of 1789 be repealed in order that Mr.
Stewart, of New York, might be qualified as
Secretary of the Treasury. Twenty-four hours
afterward he remarked, " I have given to this
subject further reflection; I am now satisfied
that the law of 1789 is a good law, and that it
ought not to be repealed in any case ; and on
the morrow I propose to send to the Senate
of the United States a message requesting
the withdrawal of the message which 1 sent to
it on yesterday;" and that message of with-
drawal came. Sir, in that act I find an augury
of what this Administration is to be—a com-
plete submission to the law. What is more
pleasant to reflect on in connection with it is
that the President of the United States had the
moral courage to send to the Senate a message
admitting that in the previous message he had
made a mistake. In that I find an augury of
good, of peace, of the prevalence of law, of the
sustainment of law. In that act of moral cour-
age, of moral power, and of moral grandeur,
he appears nobler than when he stood on the
ramparts of Vicksburg, its conqueror, or when
he received the surrender of the confederate
army of northern Virginia on the Appomattox.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
wish to take any further part in this debate
except to notice a remark that dropped from
the Senator who has just taken his seat. Tf' 1
understood him correctly he advocates the re-
deal of the tenure of-ofiiee act on the ground
that its repeal is necessary in order to enable
the President to turn Johnson men and cop-
perheads out of office. I do not know any such
party as the copperhead party in the United
States; but it would be quite an affectation in
me to assume ignorance of what the Senator
means, and I put it to him whether lie expects
the little handful of Democrats on this floor to
vote with him for the repeal of this law upon
the ground that he has just stated.
Mr. President, I know but two Democratic
Federal officeholders in all Ohio. They both
entered the Union armies as privates ; they
both served from the beginning to the end of
the war. There were no men in the Army more
gallant or deserving than they. One of them
came out a colonel of his regiment; the other,
with a wound that will afflict him for life, with
the rank of a brigadier general. If this bill
has no higher foundation than the turning out
of office of such men as those it cannot have
my vote.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to say that I did
not refer to war Democrats in using the term
■' copperheads."
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I have no
purpose to prolong this debate, lest I should
find myself in the condition of a certain plain
farmer who was once elected judge of a court
of common pleas in Pennsylvania, where they
have a lawyer as president of the court and two
plain, unlettered men, not lawyers,as his asso-
ciates, such as the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. SriiAGUE.] I suppose from
his remarks yesterday, would think were the
best, kind of' men to be put into the Senate.
The president of the court gave a very long
and learned opinion on a question of law, and
when lie got through with it he turned to his
associates and said, " Well, sir, everything hav-
ing been said upon thesubject that can be said,
what have you to say ? " [Laughter.] I do not
exactly like to be put into the position of being
snubbed in that way by all the learned and
eloquent Senators who have preceded me in
this debate; for certain it is, if there is any-
thing more remaining to be said upon this grave
and important subject, it has not occurred to
my mind. I think the subject is about as near
exhausted as the Senate itself is.
But I have a word or two to say as to the
conclusions at which my mind has arrived,
and 1 deem it proper to state tliem in advance,
because we shall have to record our votes here
and I wish the reasons of mine to go upon the
record. I intend, if my vote can accomplish
it, to sweep this tenure-of-office act out of the
way of General Grant's administration. I
intend, if my vote can accomplish it, that Gen-
eral Grant's administration shall have per-
fectly free course, that he shall select the men
that he has confidence in to administer the
affairs of the Government in its offices, so far
as the Senate may confirm them. I will do
this in either one of two ways. I will not vote
for the amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary ; I will not vote for a temporary sus-
pension of the act. Gentlemen may turn away
their minds from the argument that has beeu
made use of in connection with it by the prop-
osition of the committee; but to my mind it
at last comes back to this simple thing : " Gen-
eral Grant, we will try you until the next ses-
sion of Congress, see what use you make of
the power under this act; and if you use it to
suit us the act may stand suspended after that
again, and if you do not use it to suit us it shall
go into force again." That is the English of
it according to my judgment. I do not intend
to say anything of that kind to President Grant;
he does not deserve any such treatment at our
hands. He is not there in the White House
by his own seeking. The people took him
there, and they took him there because of their
confidence in his honesty and in his fidelity to
his country, and I do not intend by my vote to
put him on probation before the American
people. He has passed through his probation;
lie has attained his distinction ; now let him
maintain himself there with untrammeled
hands.
I will vote, and I expect to propose in a cer-
tain contingency, to amend the bill as it came
from the House by suspending the law until
the 4th day of March, 1873. I do not wish to
repeal it absolutely; I wish to know who is
coming into power before it is repealed abso-
lutely. I do not at all hesitate to say that I
want the power of this country to remain in
hands that have been loyal to the country, and
God only knows, in the next four years, into
what disloyal hands the Government of this
nation, by the mutations of its affairs, may fall;
and if it should happen that on the 4th day of
March, 1873, a man should be inaugurated as
President of principles adverse to those upon
which, in my opinion, the welfare of the coun-
try and the happiness of the people rest, I
would not hesitate a moment to tie his hands
if 1 could as to his appointments to office, and
keep every good Republican in office that I
could in spite of him. I do not know any
other way of talking about political matters
than the plain, straightforward way. I do not
believe in being actuated by one principle and
motive, and holding up another principle and
motive to the people of the country as being
that upon which I act. I avow myself a party
man without any hesitation, because I believe
that the party I belong to is the party that has
saved this country, and the party that will
maintain its prosperity and welfare if it re-
mains in power; and being a party man I do
not hesitate to say that I will use power to
maintain the party that I belong to and to keep
out of power those to whom I am politically
opposed. We might as well speak out m plain
terms.
Therefore it is, sir, that I do not wish to
repeal this law, but I will vote to clear it out
of the way during every hour of General
Grant's administration, not during apart of
the time but all of it.
This is all that I desire to say. If this
amendment should be adopted in committee,
then I shall move to amend the amendment
when the bill comes into the Senate by substi-
tuting for the period of suspension now desig-
nated in the amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary that which will carry the sus-
pension ov>r to the 4th of March, 1873; and
if the Senate do not agree to that I will vote
for the repeal of the tenure-of-office actentire,
so resolute and determined am I that if my
vote can accomplish it this law shall be out
of the way of General Grant's administration.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, ! should
not say :n.ythmg upon this subject if the prop-
position were before the Senate in exactly the
shape in which I desire to vote upon it. I de-
sire a considerable modification of the tenure-
of-office act, and not its repeal or suspension,
and I think that it would have taken no more
time for us to perfect a proper modification of
the act than it has taken and will take to sus-
pend it or to adopt any other action that may
be the result of the present debate.
I feared when the Senator from Nebraska
was on the floor that he was sowing some seeds
of discord in the Republican party ; but I am
happy to see that the seeds have only been
sown so as to disturb the relations of the Sen-
ator with his new allies, the Democratic party,
upon whom the Senator from Nebraska, with
others cooperating with him, rely for the tou
repeal of the tenure-of-office act.
I must say that I profoundly regret the posi-
tion that the Republican party is called upon
to assume at the present moment. Only a
year ago and the whole country was sustaining
usin the enforcement of the tenure-of-office act;
sustaining us in the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson for a violation of the Constitution and
a violation of that act. We pronounced our
opinions in the Senate under the sanctions of
a double oath. Now it is said—I am not aware
that it is sustained by the fact—that the whole
country is asking for its repeal. It certainly
is a fact that a very large majority of the House
of Representatives that preferred articles ot
impeachment against Andrew Johnson, for an
infringement of the Constitution as well as an
