184
THE CO^GRESSIO^Ali GLOBE.
March 20,
infringement of the tenure-of-office act, have
voted for its repeal.
Why, sir, a year ago the thirty-five of us
■who voted in favor of impeachment were in
glorious sunshine and the unfortunate seven
of our party who voted against it were rather
in the shade. It seems to me that we are re-
versing positions, and that we are called upon
to-day to eat the words by which we came to
the conclusion that the President of the United
States was guilty of a violation of the Consti-
tution as well as guilty of a violation of the
tenure-of-office act. I do not object to our
seven brethren getting into sunshine again,
but I object to five times their number going
into the shade. No one who voted in favor
of impeachment on article three, it seems to
me, can vote now consistently for a repeal of
the tenure-of-office act. And if gentlemen
will recur to the recorded opinions of many
of the Senators here they will see that the
tenure-of-office act was not intended merely to
catch Andrew Johnson; it was intended as a
part of the permanent policy of the country,
and in strict accordance with the fundamental
provisions of the Constitution.
Now, the proposition to suspend the act
until the next session of Congress does not
strike me favorably. I do not like this patch-
work, temporary legislation. Whatever we do
should be done for all time. The proposition
to suspend the act for four years is hardly any
better, as on its face it is merely partisan legis-
lation, and partisan legislation in time of peace
is indefensible. So far as the patronage of the
Government is concerned, I deny that Senators
as a whole are seeking it. I know of no one
here who would not abnegate all authority over
the patronage of the country if he were at lib-
erty to consult his own personal happiness and
convenience about it. It is true, unquestion-
ably, that any party in power will appropriate,
and properly appropriate, the chief offices of
the country ; but that at the end of every four
years an upheaval of the whole country is to
occur, that every office shall be afloat, every
postmaster, every clerk, every tide-waiter, I
regard as an immeasurable evil. In the first
•thirty or forty years of the Government very
few removals were made, Jefferson only going
"so far as to give the Republican party their
proper share iu proportion to their numbers;
and in the time of Washington the Democratic
party were opposed to the President's having
the power of indiscriminate removal. They
were opposed in the time of John Quincy Adams
to the power of indiscriminate removal. That
they occupy a different position now, that they
occupied a different position under the admin-
istration of Andrew j ohnsoii, is for themselves
to explain and justify; but they are at least
consistent under the last Administration and
under the present in going against the present
law. I wish I could say as much in favor of
the consistency of the Republican party. I
do not like to see it whisk about in a day on
so grave a question.
]f any opportunity is afforded by which a
modification of the law can be reached, by
which some of its inconveniences can be re-
moved, I shall vote for a proposition of that
kind; but if the question shall come up on a
total repeal I shall vote against it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, uutil a
very recent period of this debate it was not my
purpose to engage in it. One of the newest
Senators on this floor, and now for the first
timea member of any legislative body, it was
my desire to listen and to learn rather than to
speak. But within some portion of yesterday
and to-day the debate has assumed a character
quite peculiar. The political 'majority of this
Senate is divided against itself. The leaders
on each side have made appeals to the gentle-
men of their own party on the one hand to sup-
port the tenure-of office law, on the other hand
to repeal it; in the former case upon the ground
that the repeal of the law would give the Demo-
crats a great party advantage before the coun-
try^ in the latter case on the ground that- the
repeal of the law was necessary to enable men
to be removed from office for merely political
cause ; necessary to permit the President to
expel from office members of the Democratic
party, whoever they might be, found in office.
That character of this debate seems to me to
make it necessary that, in justice to myself, in
the course which I shall take, and to the known
sentiments of the people of the State which has
sent me here, I should say something in regard
to my own vote.
I am glad to be relieved from the necessity
of discussing the details of the tenure-of-office
bill. I shall address myself simply to the ques-
tion, Where is the power of removal of certain
officers of this Government vested ? Is it vested
in the President alone, or in the President with
the advice and consent of the Senate, or is it a
subject of legislative regulation purely?
In what I shall have to say at this late period
of protracted debate I shall seek to persuade
those who listen to me, addressing them from
a single point of view ; and that is the peculiar
nature of our Government, as established by
the Constitution, on the principle of the division
of powers between the three great departments
of the Government.
If I shall be compelled to refer to funda-
mental principles, my apology must be that
the question itself is not only great, but funda-
mental in its character. Let me observe, in
the first place, that the Federal Government
of this country is one of specified powers.
Like all other civilized Governments its powers
are executive, legislative, and judicial; but,
unlike others, those powers in this Government
are distributed under three several heads, be-
tween three great departments, the legislative,
executive, and judicial, each class to its proper
department.
This is not only an obvious but it is a car-
dinal feature in our form of government—-car-
dinal in itself, and also, in my judgment, for
the purposes of this discussion. True, the
separation is not total. On a few important
points, generally for the better strengthening
of the checks and balances of the Government,
there is a blending or mixture of powers; that
is, one department is permitted to exercise, by
way of participation or concurrence, a portion
of the powers of another. Nevertheless, the
essential principle of the Constitution is that
the several departments shall be separate in
their powers, so that as a rule the main pow-
ers of one department, or, indeed, any one of
its main powers, though it or they may be
checked, shall not be engrossed or nullified by
any other department.
The men who framed our Constitution and
Government were sensible of the importance
of this principle. They had studied govern-
ment in its original elements. They had mas-
tered the subject as men had never done be-
fore. They were familiar with all the learning
upon it, ancient and modern. As we know from
the Federalist and other books of the time, they
were conversant with the great French writer
upon laws, Montesquieu, and with him they
had a united and an abiding faith in the great
political maxim that where the executive and
the legislative powers are united in one man, or
in one body of men, however chosen, there can
be no liberty. In whatever way and to what-
ever extent they may have differed on other
points upon that they were united. They aimed
to make and they succeeded in making that
principle, that grand political truth, the cen-
tral idea of the Constitution and the Govern-
ment. If I dwell upon this, and ask Senators
to pause upon it with me, it is because, in my
judgment, this is the principle in the light of
which we are to reach a solution of the ques-
tion, the gravity of which I admit and the
difficulty of which I would be the last to deny,
considering the differences of opiuion that have
arisen among the greatest men of this country,
and'also those which exist among the best men
of the Republican party in this Chamber and
elsewhere.
It is a very notable fact that the leaders of the
party which carried through the measure now
for the sccond time brought to the test of legis-
lative discretion are not agreed among them-
selves as to the ground upon which to rest it
underthe Constitution. Some of them adhering
to perhaps the most accepted theory on that side
believe that the power to remove, being a cor-
relative of the power to appoint, should be
exercised by the same powers in Government,
the President and the Senate. Others disclaim
this, and defend the measure under the general
grant of powers to Congress in the clause which
declares that Congress may " make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carry-
ing into execution the foregoing powers, and all
other powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer thereof." They say that
this whole subject of removals is an omitted
case in the Constitution, and hence they ia.ll
back on the general grant of power to Congress
to supplement omissions and delects ot that
sort.
From this controlling principle of the sepa-
ration of powers in our Government what re-
sults flow? One result is this: that the rule
always is, in construing the powers of the
departments, that to each department belong
just the powers allotted to it; to the Legis-
lature all legislative powers, and only those; to
the executive department all executive powers,
and only those ; to the judicial department all
judicial powers, and none others. Another
result is that while in each of the three depart-
ments you may, from an express grant of gen-
eral powers, infer additional powers of the
same kind in the same department, which are
incident to or necessary to make effective the
expressed powers, you never can by inference
draw such additional powers from another
department. That is, while you may well infer
executive powers as incident or ne.cessary to
other executive powers expressed you cannot
infer legislative powers as incident or necessary.
You cannot by inference create a mixture of
powers. Why so? Plainly because in our
Federal constitutional system the total separa-
tion of powers is the rule; the mixture is the
occasional exception. The mixture of powers
is agamst the general plan of our Government,
and is never to be presumed. It must always
be expressed. It always is expressed if it
exists.
Let me illustrate: by the Constitution the
Congress passes bills; but no bill, though
passed through all the forms of legislation, can
become a law until the President has either
signed it or has vetoed it and certain other
proceedings have taken place subsequent to his
veto. That is a case of mixture of powers.
It is a case where the Executive is permitted
for wholesome purpose in the frame of the Gov-
ernment to have some share in the legislative
power. Who would infer from that, who would
be justified in arguing from that giavely iu this
body that the Executive could interfere in some
other way and to a further extent with your
duties, Senators, or in the action of Congress,
of which you are a part, under the pretense that
he had a general power to take care that the
laws should be faithfully executed ? I think
it would not be contended for one moment,
seriously, by any gentleman.
Apply these principles to the question in
hand. Is the power of removal solely in the
President?
Let us suppose that the Constitution dealt
only in general terms with the executive power
of the Government. It says, for instance, and
gentlemen must have often observed how com-
prehensive the language is:
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America."
It says in another place that the President
"shall take care that the laws be faithfully
executed, and shall commission all the officers
of the United States." Suppose the Constitu-
tion had rested there, what serious argument
could be made against the President's power
of removal? Could any? The power which
appoints is the executive power. The pi?wer
which should remove, which alone can remove,
is the executive power also. Who would doubt
