1889. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
that the whole subject was in his control and
discretion? It is especially clear in the ease
of the President, as one charged expressly with
the duty to take care •' that the laws are faith-
fully executed." How can this be unless he
may turn out an unfit officer at his discretion?
It will not be denied, I presume, that the
appointment to office, the removal from office,
constitute a subject purely executive in its
nature. 1 have not heard that disputed in the
debate to which I have listened with so much
interest for some days past. Can it be dis-
puted? It is indisputable, in my judgment.
The Legislature enacts laws and the exeputive
branch of theGovernmentexecutesthem. The
two functions are essentially different. They
were-never intended to be blended or united to
any considerable degree under our form of
government, and they are not blended or
united by the Constitution. It is the ordinary
definition of bad government when the same
hand that makes the laws executes them.
Mr. President and Senators, if the Constitu-
tion had stopped with the general words of
delegation of executive power there could be, I
think, no question as to where the power of
removal lies. Undoubtedly it does not stop
there. In two places it speaks directly of the
subject of appointments, though nowhere does
it, in express terms, refer to the power over
removals ; as if preferring to leave it very
much at large in his hands. It. provides in the
first place, as to officers, that the President
" shall nominate, and by and with the consent
and advice of the Senate shall appoint them,"
&c. Thus we see, in the matter of appoint-
ment, as regulated by the Constitution, the
President may nominate to office in the first
place, but the appointment cannot be com-
pleted without the advice and consent of the
Senate. Here is a case of a mixture of pow-
ers ; a case in which a portion of the legislative
branch of the Government, this body, is per-
mitted for good reasons to participate in some
exercise of the executive power. This is an
exception to the rule which pervades the Con-
stitution of a division and separation of pow-
ers among the departments. It is an excep-
tion clearly expressed. It never could have
been inferred without subverting the funda-
mental theory of the Constitution. It is also
a limitation, to the extent expressed, of the
power of the President over the subject of
appointments. The only other passage is:
" The President shall liavo power to Ull up all
vacancies Ihiit may happen during the recess of the
Senate by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
Here the Senate is not mentioned in respect
of the creation of the vacancies, whether by
removal or otherwise, or the tilling of them.
The advocates of the right of the Senate to
join in the removal as in the appointment eon-
tend that this section is a blank on the subject
of removal. On this point they and the sup-
porters of the full right of Congress over the
subject are agieed. It is argued that there are
no words in the section to authorize the power
of lenioval by the President, and there has
been some close criticism on the language em-
ployed, '■ v.icuncicsthutmay happen." Letus
admit the argument. Then the Constitution
is silent as to removals. In that case they
come within the general grant of executive
power.
This being so, then the general power being
given, no further limitation of it in terms, the
power express, the department being itself one
of the greatest of the Government, necessarily
obliged to act through numerous agents becom-
ing more and more numerous with the growth
and progress of the country, there can be but
one conclusion: the President's control of the
subject is complete.
Because, in the appointment, the Senate is
permitted to concur, to act in an advisory ca-
pacity in perfecting it, the argument is that the
power of removal depends upon the same con-
ditions, and can be exercised only in the same
way. We might concede this to be a proper
inference under a Government where the pow-
ers were wholly or largely blended in one de-
partment,—thatthere, suchan argument would
be nearly irresistible. But how do you escape
from the principles growing out of the division
of powers? Inasmuch as for the purpose of
appointment, and that alone, the action of the
Senate is permitted and directed, while nothing
whatever is said of any part by the Senate in
the matter of removal, how can gentlemen jus-
tify themselves in assuming that for this reason,
and in spite of this difficulty, the Senate is as
much authorized to act, as much required to
take a part in the executive act of removal, as
it was in the executive act of appointment? I
respectfully submit that it is as complete a noil
seguitur as ever was heard of in a discussion of
great principles.
Because there is by express words one de-
parture from the great plan of the Constitution
are we without any words to infer another?
What do gentlemen mean? Is it the idea
that by some construction of words this body
is to have a power because it is not given to it
in the Constitution? Or is it supposed that these'
political deviations, these mixtures of powers,
which are rare indeed in the Constitution—
and are always departures from the general
.scheme—are foundgoingabout in pairs through
the Constitution, so that wherever you find one,
after awhile you must expect to find another,
its correlative? Let mo repeat: whenever for
the purpose of strengthening the checks and
balances of our Government, or for any other
purpose, if any other there lie, a certain share
of the power of one department is expressly
vested in another, either by way of participa
tion or otherwise, it can never be said that a
further mixture of powers may be implied even
in regard to the same general subject-matter.
You cannot by inference break over the con-
stitutional divisions between the departments
of Government.
Senators who tell us that there is nothing in
the Constitution to give the President alone the
power of removal, and who at the same time
contend that the power is with him and the
Senate, seem to forget that if there be nothing
in the Constitution iu terms giving the power to
the President there is equally nothing giving
it to the Senate, and in the absence of terms
expressly giving the power to the Senate as
a part of the legislative branch the presump-
tion is overwhelming against any such inten-
tion.
But I do not so read the clause. The lan-
guage employed is perhaps as broad as any
which the English tongue can furnish.
Mr. POMEROY. With the consent of the
Senator from California I move that the Sen-
ate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several Sena-
tors who desire to address the Senate, and they
want this evening for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. We had better have an
adjournment, then.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
continue the discussion this evening and per-
haps take the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
California yields to the Senator from Kansas,
who moves that the Senate now take a recess
until seven o'clock.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
California is entitled to the floor if he claims it.
Mr. POMEROY. At the suggestion of
several Senators I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 28, noes 23.
Mr. TRIJMBULL. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2t>, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott., T>;iyfird, Chunrtter, Dtivip,
Fowler, Keliogg, McOreery. McDonald, Morton,
Norton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Boss, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Suuinor,
Thurman, Tipton, Viekors, Warner, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Jlessrs.Boreinan, Broirnlow, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Cattell, Colo, (Jonkluig, Corbett, Cragin,
Drake, Kenton, Ferry, Fessenuen, Gilbert, Grimes,
Ilamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Morrill,
Robertson, Sehurz, Soott, Sherman, Stewart,Trum-
bull, Witley, Williams, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Casserly,
Ertmunds, Nye, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, and
Thayer—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was speaking, sir, of
the construction of the only provision in tho
Constitution, besides that referring to the ori-
ginal appointment, which does in terms speak
of the President's power over officers. I mean
the provision which gives him the right to
'' fill all vacancies that may happen during the
recess of the Senate" by commissions which
shall expire at the end of the next session of
the Senate. I was endeavoring to show that
the construction which denies any grant or
recognition of a power in the President to
remove during the recess was not well founded.
I observed that tho language employed was
nearly as broad as any furnished in English
speech. "All vacancies that may happen "—
all vacancies; vacancies of whatever kind.
The gentlemen who deny the power of removal
under that section insist that the words "all
vacancies" refer only to vacancies caused by
death or resignation. But as the language is
general, upon what principle do they so draw
the line as to include two classes of vacancies
and to exclude all others? I listened for some
answer to this difficulty, especially from the
eloquentgentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Car-
pester,] who attracted us all by his speech the
other day.
Mr. President, it is somewhat remarkable
that the same great men who sat in both
branches of Congress in 1789, fresh from the
work of framing the Constitution and from dis-
cussing it in their several State conventions;
who certainly understood, if men ever did,
the force of langnagein matters of government,
and who must have weighed words in golden
scales—it is a little remarkable that iu the very
first year of the organization of the Government
in 1789 they had occasion to give a practical
construction to this section of the Constitution
and to this language of which I am now
speaking. In the course of the discussion on
an act creating the office of one of the Secreta-
ries—1 think the Secretary of State—a discus-
sion which has been referred to here because
the President's sole power of removal was
much debated, advocated, and denied by some
of our greatest men—the question arose upon
certain language in the act.. The language
was, if I remember correctly, that as to cer-
tain principal officers they should be " remov-
able by the President.." It was moved to
strike out that language and to substitute for it
these words: " Whenever said officer shall be
removed from office by the President, or in
any other case of vacancy." I ask gentlemen
to consider with me the effect of the language,
because in that shape, after a thorough discus-
sion, it was adopted and entered into the law.
"Whenever said officer shall be removed from
office by the President, or in any other case of
vacancy." Obviously, therefore, a removal
from office creates one kind of vacancy, and
there may be "any other case of vacancy " exist- •
ingalso capable of being spoken of and treated
in the law as being a vacancy. This was an
early construction made under the most, au-
thoritative circumstances. It fully sustains
my view of this section, namely, that it docs
recognize the power of removal as beingin the
President during the recess, and regulates that
power by providing that he shall issue a com-
mission which shall expire at the end of the
next session of the Senate, at which session,
of course, a permanent appointment is to be
made in the usual way.
There are but two provisions in the Consti-
tution referring in terms and directly to this
subject of appointment to office or removal
from office. The first is the one pertaining
to the appointment; the other is that of which
