1:88
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Joseph Bennett, of Blandon, Mississippi, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the Committee on the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AND REKJSRltED.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Francis Masieh, for
reliet from disability in consequence of condemna-
tion of certain cotton brought out under permits of
Admiral Farragut and others, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims,
On motion of Mr. FOWLER, it was
Ordered, ThatMajor L. Watershaveleavetowith-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
REPORTS 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 94) to amend an act entitled ''An act
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland, in
Oregon," approved July 25, I860, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report ;
which was ordered to be printed.
MIDLAND PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. POMEROY. I am directed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 36) granting the right
of way through the public lands to the Midland
Pacific Railway Company, and for other pur-
poses,to report it back with amendments. It
is a bill which grants the right of way from
Nebraska City to Lincoln—the capital of the
State of Nebraska ; and at the request of the
Senator from Nebraska, as the bill merely pro-
poses to grant the right of way and the right
to bridge a river, I ask for its immediate con-
sideration, as they are now engaged in build-
ing the road.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. .
The bill was read.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several amend-
ments reported to the bill by the committee
which should now be acted upon.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line six, to strike out the word
"via" and to insert the word "to," and in
line seven, after the word "State," to strike
out the words "to connect with the Union
Pacific railroad at a point not further west than
Fort Kearnyso as to read:
To construct and operate a railroad and telegraph
line from Nebraska City to Lincoln, tho capital of
tbo State, there is hereby granted the right of wav
Are.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section one,
line eighteen, to strike out the words "six
hundred and," so as to make the grant of land
at each station forty acres.
The amendment was agreed to.
The first section, as amended, reads as fol-
lows :
Beit '"acted. That for the purpose of aiding the
Midland Pacific Railway Company (the same being
a corporation organized under the laws of the State
ot Nebraska) to construct and operate a railroad
and telegraph line from Nebraska City, to Lin-
coln, the capital ol theState, thoro is hereby granted
the right ot way through the public lands of the
said state for the construction of said road, and
. right, power, and authority is hereby given to
said company to take from the public lands adjacent
to the line oi said road earth, stone, andother mate-
rials lor the construction thereof. Said right of way
is granted to said company to the extent of two
hundred feet wide where it may pass over the pub-
lic lands, including all necessary grounds for sta-
tions, buildings, workshops, depots, machine-shops,
switches,side-tracks, turn-tables, and waterstations,
not cxcoeomg forty acres at each station, the stations
not to exceed one for every ten miles of the road:
Provided, that said company shall accept this grant
within one year from the passage of this act by the
nnngsuch acceptance with the Secretary of the In-
terior, and shall also establish the line of said road
and file a map thereof with the Secretary of the In-
terior within one year of the dateoi said acceptance.
The next, amendment was in section three,
line seven, to strike out the words " sections
of,"- and in line eleven to strike out the words
" sections of."
The amendment Was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
ELECTION 01' OEl'ICEKS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a privileged
question. I move that the Senate proceed to
the election of Sergeant-at-Arms.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the elec-
tion be by nomination or by ballot?
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
that it may be made by nomination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the election will be made by nomin-
ation. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I nominate John R.
French, of North Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further nominations, Senators who are in favor
of agreeing to the nomination made will say
ay, and those opposed will say no. [Putting
the question.] The ayes have it. John R.
French is elected^ Sergeanc-at-Arms of the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the election of an executive
clerk.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks that the election be
made by nomination, and the Chair hears no
objection. «
_ Mr. ANTHONY. I nominate John M. Mor-
ris, of South Carolina.
The nomination was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of a Congressional
Printer, and for a particular reason I offer a
resolution on the subject, which Will explain
itself:
. liesolved. That the Senate now proceed to the olcc-
tionof a Congressional Printer, and that such election
shall take efiect li-om and alter the 15th of April
proximo.
I will simply say that the date there fixed
is satisfactory to the outgoing and incoming
officer.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York asks unanimous consent that the
election shall be by nomination. Is there ob-
jection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CONKLING. I nominate Almon M.
Clapp, of Now York.
The nomination was agreed to.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 26) relating to the
interior Department, have directed me to re-
port it back with amendments and ask that it
be acted on now. It passed the Senate at
the last session, and it is absolutely necessary
that it should be acted upon promptly.
By unanimous eonseut the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 26) relating to the Interior Depart-
ment was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The first section proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to rent the fire-proof
building on the corner of Gr and Eighth streets,
in Washington city, for one year, at, $10,000
per year, with the privilege of continuing the
lease for five years, and appropriates §10,000
for the payment of the first year's rent.
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior may cause the building
and the necessary ground for its use to be ap-
praised in an equitable manner; and incase
the building and ground can be purchased at
the appraised value then he may purchase the
same, and appropriates $100,000 therefor, or
so much as may be necessary; but no money
is to be paid before the Attorney General shall I
decide that the title of the building is perfect
in the United States.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was to insert after
the word "at," in line five of section one, the
words "a sum not exceeding;" so as to read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be authorized
to rent the fire-proof building on the corner of €1
and Eighth streets, in Washington city, for oneyear,
at a sum not exceeding $10,000 per year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
after the word " dollars," in line seven, sec-
tion one, to insert "or so much thereof as may
be required ;" so as to read:
And $10,000, or so much thereof as may be required,
is appropriated, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the joint resolution-.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The second section, I
can state, is the section authorizing the pur-
chase of the building. The committee thought
it was unwise to give authority for the purchase
of the building at present.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
OMISSIONS IN ENROLLMENT.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am also directed by
the Committee on Appropriations to report
back the joint resolution (H. R. No. 80) to
supply omissions in the enrollment of certain
appropriation acts, approved March 3, 1869,
and as it requires immediate action I ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that the
following items, omitted in the enrollment of
appropriation acts approved March 3, 1869,
be made valid portions of the acts from which
they were omitted, namely, in the act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, '
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of J une, 1870, after
the proviso to the paragraph commencing '• for
salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, revenue agents," &c., in-
sert :
Provided further, That after the passage of this act
the proprietors of all bonded warehouses chall reim-
burse to the United States the expenses and salary
ot all storekeepers or other officers in charge of such
warehouses, and the same shall be paid into the
ireasury and accounted for like other public moneys.
_ In the act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870, and for other purposes,
under the heading "public buildings and
grounds,'' before the item "for pay oT lamp-
lighters, gas-fitting," &c., insert:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House
ana public grounds around them and arouiid the ex-
ecutive offices, ?jo0,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee report
two amendments to the resolution.
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first amendment.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. The first amendment
is in the last part of the resolution, and the
second amendment is one that will not be
necessary unless the first is adopted.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment,
which was in line fourteen to insert the words
internal revenue " before the words " bonded
warehouses so that the proviso will read:
Provided further, That after the passage of this not
the proprietors 9!" all internal revenue bonded ware-
houses shall reimburse to the United States the
expense and salary of all storekeepers, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to look at
this resolution. I have just sent for it. I hope
it will be passed over for the present
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can state it in a
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to look at
the original House proposition.
