1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can state what it is
exactly. It is simply inserting a couple of
provisions omitted in the enrollment of two
appropriation bills at the last session. The
Senator will have no objection to the amend-
ment, I take it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the amendment you propose to the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the amendment
be adopted, and in the mean time the Senator
can get the resolution. The amendment of
the committee is to insert the words " internal
revenue" before "bonded warehouses," so
that it will read : "alhnternal revenue bonded
warehouses." The provision was not intended
to cover bonded warehouses connected with
the customs at all, and it could not be applied
to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to state to
the Senate that this is a resolution to correct
certain omissions in enrollments. I have no
objection to correcting the enrollment, and
therefore I presume I shall vote for the res-
olution. But I desire to state that this pro-
vision—which was inserted in an appropria-
tion bill on the last day of the session—will, in
my judgment, work a very serious and marked
injury to the public service. Without reflection,
without reference to a committee, without the
examination of any committee, without inquiry
by any one connected with the revenue service,
it deranges the whole theory of the law relating
to the collection of the tax on whisky. But it
was put on by both Houses in the closing days
of the session, and this is a proposition to cor-
rect the enrollment. 1 feel, therefore, some-
what in doubt whether I ought to oppose the
merits of the proposition merely in a resolu-
tion providing for the correction of the enroll-
ment. I do not see how the enrolling clerk
could have dropped this provision in enrolling
the bill. It is one of those mistakes that is
unaccountable. Therefore I have felt disposed
to allow the correction of the enrollment; but
the provision itself is wrong. I am satisfied
that the Senator from Maine, who is familiar
with the internal revenue law, if he will reflect
about it will see that this provision is wrong.
1 will read it. This is the provision:
Provided further. That after the passage of this act
the proprietors of all bonded warehouses shall reim-
burse to the United States the expense and salary
of all storekeepers or other officers in charge of such
"warehouses, and the same shall be paid into the
Treasury and accounted lor like other public moneys.
The theory of the law we passed a year ago
was that the pay of the storekeeper should be
entirely detached from the interest of the dis-
tiller. Under the old law the distiller paid
certain officers provided for in the distillery
warehouse; but uuder the law passed a year
ago the storekeepers who weie appointed for
the purpose ol taking charge of the warehouses
were to be paid out of the public Treasury, and
were not to be connected, directly or indirectly,
with the distiller, and were to be entirely inde-
pendent of him. '1 he object of the law, one of
the chief merits of thai change, was to discon-
nect entirely the storekeeper iioni the distiller ;
but uuder the law as it is now proposed to be
made we restore the old system, by which the
storekeeper is in effect a paid employe of the
distiller. It is true the amount ol wages is
fixed by the law, but it would be very easy for
a distiller to increase at his option the pay of
the storekeeper, beeau&o the pay all comes Irom
the distiller.
Then there is another objection to it. It is
a discrimination against the small distillers,
who are already very severely dealt with by the
operations of the law, because a small distiller
distilling say one or two barrels a day cannot
afford to pay six dollars a day to the store-
keepers. It amounts to a very large percent-
age upon his product, while to a distiller having
a distillery yielding one hundred barrels a day
the pay of a storekeeper trebled, quadrupled,
multiplied a hundredfold, is of but little account;
it is probably less than one tenth of one per
cent, on the value of the product of his still.
But with the Kentucky distilleries and all the
Various distilleries iu the country places where
we have collected the revenue this addition
to their expenses of six dollars a day for the
storekeeper is a very large addition. Indeed,
to a small country distiller the pay of the store-
keeper is almost equal to the entire expense
of running an old-fashioned still.
Mr. HOWE. Is it not just as hard on the
Treasury to pay it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that, but the rule
ought to be uniform. There should be a reg-
ular graduation. There is no reason in the
world why a distiller with a small distillery
should pay a higher percentage upon the prod-
uct than a distiller with a large distillery. But,
as I said, this is a mere movement to correct
a mistake in the enrollment of a bill, and as
this provision was inserted by both Houses of
Congress, though without reference to any com-
mittee, I have not felt disposed to make any
opposition, though if the proposition was before
us as an independent one I should oppose it,
thinking it a bad one.
As for making a discrimination between a
warehouse of imported goods and a warehouse
of whisky, that is a matter which I am not
sufficiently familiar with to speak about with
certainty or to give any opinion upon. My
impression is that this could not be a very
severe expense if it should fall on the owneis
of those warehouses, because they are large.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can explain it readily.
There is no parallelism between the cases. The
persons who are appointed under the internal
revenue laws as agents to take charge of these
distillery warehouses are appointed simply and
solely lor the warehouses lor that particular
business carried ou at that particular place. A
man is appointed for a particular individual
place to guard the interests of the Government
there. Without that there would be no sort of
occasion for his services, and the question is
whether, his services being required tor the pro-
tection of the Government, the Government
shall pay or the distiller himself. If the man
did not distill whisky at that particular place
there would be no need of the officer. There-
fore he is appointed to that place, and that
alone. But in the customs warehouses the
matter is attended to by the regular custom-
house officers, inspectors, or other persons,
who are occasionally detailed to take the key
of one of these buildings, aud it is a very small
part of their business and goes along in the
ordinary course of business. The salaries of
those officers would be paid anyhow. The sal-
aries are lixed by law, and must be paid, and
the care of the warehouses is simply a part of
the duties lor which they are assigned, and, as
I said before, a small part. In addition to that,
payment of all the additional expenses occa-
sioned to the Government by the detail of these
men is now made by regulation of the Depart-
ment, which is law because the regulations aie
made by virtue of statute, by the person whose
goods aie thus taken care of, and paid under the
name of storage. The matter has been under
consideration by the Supreme Court. I happen
to know about it because I am counsel in the
case. The Department made a rule by which
they provided that all the extra expenses oc-
casioned by taking care of the goods should be
paid by the importer and paid under the name
of storage, and they ehaige him a ceitain pro-
! portion of what ordinaty storage would cost.
! It is not storage in fact, because the person
'■ who has the goods in store furnishes the store;
! but the Department so defines it, atidso charges
the extra expense of the ollicer who is detailed
to perform the duty, so that all that expense
is in fact paid by the individuals for whom it
is incurred. Here this is applying the same
rule to the internal revenue precisely that is
applied there, making the distUlei pay the ex-
penses of the Government guardianship over
the distillery, and I see no distinction between
the two cases; and it was for that reason we
put in the amendment. I stated bel'oie that
in my judgment very probably that would be
the construction of the law from the location
of the provision ; but as there is a doubt about
it it is best to make it clear and distinct.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Ohio, I
think, was not entirely right in saying that th^t
provision was incorporated in the bill which
passed at the last Congress without being sub-
mitted to any committee. It is true, I believe,
that it was not submitted to the Committee ori
Finance. It was submitted to the Committee
on Appropriations, not the most appropriate
committee, perhaps, but a committee, and a
committee which had jurisdiction of the sub-
ject. The Senator argues that it the merits of
that proposition were before the Senate it would
be open to very grave objections, and he states
two. The force of neither of the objections
stated has made an impression upon my mind.
The first objection is, he says, that it would
repeal the fixed policy of the internal revenue
laws, which is to divorce the distiller from the
officer in charge of the warehouse; that it had
been the policy of the law to pay the officer
out of the Treasury, and to allow no sort of
connection between him and the distiller. This
provision he thinks repeals that. It seems to
me he is mistaken. It seems to me that, if I
remember the phraseology aright, under this
law the officer will still be paid out of the
Treasury, and the distiller will pay into the
Treasury, in addition to the tax on the spirits
distilled, whatever sum the officer draws out.
The connection between the officer and the dis-
tiller under this law is no more intimate than
it was under the former law. The Senator
seems to concede that; but he says that the
distiller may pay the ollicer a sum in addition
to that lixed by the law. I concede that that
is so; but I submit to the honorable Senator
l'rom Ohio whether the distiller cannot do it
just as well under one law as under tlie other.
No matter what you require the distiller to pay
into the Treasuiy, lie can, if he chooses, make
money out of it, and pay the officer in charge
of the warehouse an additional sum.
But the Senator urges as a second objection
that this does not discriminate sufficiently be-
tween the small and the large distiller; that
the distiller who manufactures a great many
gallons per day can well afford to pay this ad-
ditionalp^r diem sum in to theTreasury, whereas
the distiller who manufactures but a small
quantity would find it a hardship to pay it.
That is true. There is nothing in the law that
requires any distiller to limit himself to a par-
ticular quantity ; but 1 put it to the Senator
from Ohio, I put it to the Senate, if it is not
just as hard for the Government to be obliged
to pay the same sum per day lor taking charge
of a warehouse kept lor the accommodation
of a small distiller as it pays for a warehouse
kept for the accommodation of a large distiller?
Perhaps the Government can better aiibrd to
pay the money than the distiller. That depends
upon which is making the most out of the
liquor. 1 think llie distiller can well ail'ord to
pay, in addition to the small tax imposed upon
this, manufacture, this sum now disbursed as
compensation to the warehouse man ; and I am
told—1 do not know how the lact is—-that this
simple provision will save from a million and
a half to two million dollars to the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of the
resolution, alter the word "hereby," to insert
"as amended so as to read :
That the following items omitted in the enrollment
of appropriation acts, approved iiaicti 3, 1&6U, be,
and tiio same aie heieby, as imiended, made valid
puiliuiioot the acts irom which lhc> were omitted.
The amendment was agieed to.
The joint lesolutton was leported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred m.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose this 1ms no
reference to distillers getting whisky out of the
bonded warehouses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No relation to that at
all.
Mr. POMEROY. That question was up at
the close of the session, and I did not know
but that this had some relation to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing but providing
who shall pay the expense.
