190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want their way
made easy for them to get their whisky out.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third time. The joint resolution was read the
third time, and
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
184) for the protection of settlers within the
Port Ridgley military reservation, Minnesota;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 185) to continue in force an act entitled
"An act to extend the charter of Washington
city," &e. ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
186) granting the right of way and alternate
sections of land to aid in the construction of a
canal for irrigation and navigation in the State
of California; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
187) to facilitate the business and to provide
for the more perfect preservation of the records
of the courts of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 188) to aid in the construction of the
Pacific Central Transit railway and telegraph
from the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, to
some point on the Rio Grande river, Texas,
in the direction of Mazatlan, on the Pacific
coast; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 189) to amend the several acts of Con-
gress relating^ to naturalization ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to.be printed.
Mr. ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 38) in relation to taking the
ninth census; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lutioa ^S. R. No. 39) authorizing the Secretary
^ Treasury to audit and settle the accounts
of William Y. Patch, late collector of internal
revenue for the first collection district of Cali-
fornia ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. 1 ask that the resolution be
read at length, and perhaps there will be no
objection to it; and if not, I desire to have it
put on its passage.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
Be it revolved, c&e., That the Secretary of the Trcas-
F/'y ije* and he is hereby, authorized to audit and set-
tle the accounts of William Y. Patch, late collector
ot internal revenue for the first district of Califor-
nia, as to nmi may appear just and equitablo.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that come from a
committee?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; it has not been to a
committee.
Mr. IRUMBULL. I think it ought to go
to a committee.
_ Mr. COLE. Very well; if there is objec-
tion 1 move that it be referred to the Committee
on Finance, with the accompanying papers.
The motion was agreed to.
riioi'issioii Raymond's report.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following con-
current resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That ten thousand copies of the
report of Professor Raymond on mines and mining
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that by re-
cent law it requires a concurrent resolution to
order such printing. I move the reference of
the resolution to the Committee on Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
committee on disability removals.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the select Committee on the Be-
moval of Political Disabilities be authorized to em-
ploy a clerk.
committee-rooms.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be directed to provide a suitable room
for the select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest the words ''if practicable,''because
there may be some doubt as to the practica-
bility of it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. They have no room,
and the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds suggested that I offer
the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest the words "if practicable." There
may not be a room.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then we cannot meet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that resolution
had'best be changed, if it is to pass at all, to
a more general one. This question of rooms
is frequently arising, and the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds have hitherto
taken charge of the distribution of the rooms
among committees. It seems that the present
chairman, who is not in his seat at this moment,
has some doubt whether the resolution author-
izes it. The resolution that was formerly
adopted in May, 1867, declared :
"That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be directed to provide a room for the Com-
mitteo on Appropriations, and generally to reassign
the several committee-rooms so far as such reassign-
ment may be necessary."
I think it would be better to make the reso-
lution just offered by the Senator from South
Carolina general; that the committee be di-
rected to inquire if a suitable room can be pro-
vided for the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities, and also to reassign
the several committees; it is not necessary,
perhaps, to reassign them, but to take charge
generally of the rooms.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it lie over until to-
morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better lie
over until we can look into it and arrange it
properly.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
The Chair may be indulged in stating to the
Senate that he has notified the architect of
the Capitol that three committee-rooms are
necessary—for the Committee on Retrench-
ment, the Committee on Education, and the
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities ; but he has as yet had no response,
and does not know whether the rooms can be
furnished. Three rooms are now needed for
committees.
indian appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Ci.iston Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 123) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1870, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. FBSSENDEN. I ask to have that bill
taken up, read, referred, and sent to the printer,
in order that we may have it at the earliest
moment.
There being no objection, the bill was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted amendments in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
123) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with Vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June SO,
1870; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 10th instant, a report of the
chief of engineers upon the military import-
ance of San Juan Island; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of Feb-
ruary 19, 1869, information in relation to the
Seminole Indians in Florida; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of June
20, 1868, the report and survey of the officer
acting as Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds, relative to the new navy-yard
bridge across the Anacostia river; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
national junction railway.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 62, to incorporate the National
Junction railway. I will state that this is a
bill which passed the Senate at the last ses-
sion, but was lost on the Speaker's table of the
House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the Senate will resume
the consideration of the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment on Saturday last,
being the bill (H. R. No. 3) to repeal an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
the pending question being on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Nebraska [Mr.
Thayer] to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the gentleman
who has that bill in charge to allow us to go
on with this bill. I think it will take but a
few moments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object.
Mr. PATTERSON. The bill has once passed
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will interpose no ob-
jection if other Senators do not.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed with the considera-
tion of the bill taken up at the expiration of
the morning hour. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The bill will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill;
but was interrupted by
Mr. CAMERON. I prefer that that bill
should be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. This bill has already
been reported, at the last session, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
passed the Senate. The Senator will remem-
ber that it passed before the bill of a similar
nature which he himself finally had passed
at the opening of this session. Now, I think
it hardly fair, after he has secured the passage
of his own bill, that he should object to the
passage of this bill. I hope the Senate will
not refer it.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator is doing me
injustice. I do not wish to interfere with the
passage of this bill, and if it has been before
the committee and has been approved by the
committee of course I have no objection to it.
But I understood from the Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Viojcers] that this is a different
