1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
bill in some degree, and therefore I made the
motion.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not so understand
it. It is the same bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I have not examined it
myself; but if the Senator says it is the same
bill that has previously passed, and desires to
have it considered now, of course I shall not
interfere.
Mr. PATTERSON. I understand it to be
the same bill.
Mr. V1CKERS. When the Potomac rail-
road bill was introduced in the Senate three
routes were allowed to that company by which
they might enter the city of Washington. One
of those routes was found upon inquiry to cross
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. It was
thought it might become dangerous to passen-
gers if that route was adopted. The presidents
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad and of the
Baltimore and Potomac road had a consulta-
tion upon that subject, in which the Senator
from Pennsylvania participated, and it was
agreed that the first route by which the entry
might be made into the District should be
stricken out of the bill, and the bill passed
allowing the other two routes. That course
was adopted. Now this bill, I understand,
will permit this junction railway to cross
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and that
may endanger the cars on the one or the
other. It an amendment could be agreed upon
in reference to this subject, if the crossing
could be underneath the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad or above it, so as not to interfere with
the safety of passengers, there would be no
objection to it. That is the only difficulty upon
this subject; and if the bill is referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, which
is now composed of members somewhat differ-
out from those that composed the committee
at the last session, there will be no difficulty,
1 suppose, in agreeing to an amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. The subject to which
the Senator from Maryland has called atten-
! 10ii would arise on an amendment which it is
desired to introduce into this bill, not upon
any iliing that is in the bill as it now stands. I
propose to offer an amendment when we reach
that point, or after the reading of the bill is
completed. It will rest with the Senate then
to decide whether that amendment shall pass
or not. The Baltimoreand Ohio railroad desire
that this junction road shall pass their road
seventeen feet above the present track or sev-
enteen feet below it, which would be certainly
veiy inconvenient for this junction railroad,
and would damage all the private property
along the track of the road. The bill proposes
to have this road cioss the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad upon the same level as the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad now occupy. That is the
custom in every part of the country, andlcan
see no objection to it. I hope the bill maybe
considered at this time. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Harlan] had this bill in charge at
the last session, and is perhaps more intimate
with it than 1 or other Senators are.
Mr. VICKERS. Has the order of the day
been dispensed with?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been, by
unanimous consent. The Secretary was read-
ing the bill, and he will resume its reading.
If it is to be debated it must be read through
to disclose the whole subject to the Senate.
Mr. VICKEIiS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania moved its reference to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Chair under-
stood him to withdraw that motion.
Mr. VICKERS. I renew the motion that
it be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have it read through
before that motion is put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any Senator has
the right to ask for the reading of the bill
before any motion is put upon it. It will be
read.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . The Senator
from Maryland moves that this bill be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope that will not be
done. It is virtually a defeat of the bill. It
is very desirable that some means of communi-
cation between the North and the South be
created in this city, and the object of this bill
is to provide means of communication between
the railroads that come into the city from the
North and those that pass out of it to the
South. If the bill is referred to the committee
it cannot pass at this session, and the work
must be delayed. The only point of difference
is as to the provision in the second section as
to the method of crossing the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, and if the Senator fiom Mary-
land will withdraw his motion for a moment I
will move an amendment to that part of the
second section.
Mr. VICKERS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to amend the
second section by inserting after the word
"railroad," in the fourteenth line, the words
"upon the legally established grade of the
city so as to read " crossing the branches of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad upon the
legally established grade of the city," &c.
Mr. VICKERS. I send to the Chair an
amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question by
the rules must first be taken on the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire to perfect
this part of the paragraph, after which the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland will
be in order.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like to have my
amendment read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
proposed to be offered by the Senator from
Maryland will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to be
offered by Mr. Vickeus. which was to strike
out in lines thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen of
the second section the words "crossing the
branches of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad in
such a manner as not to be dangerous to pas-
sengers and trains on either road," and in lieu
thereof to insert—
Crossing the branches of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad either upon a safe and sufficient structure
having a ctear span of not less than thirty-three
feet and the lowest pointof which being not less than
seventeen feet abovo the top of the rails of the said
Baltimoreand Ohio railroad as at present es-tablisbed
and designed, or else ei osmp.£ the said tracks, at points
sufficiently low to passunderthem, Ihey resting upon
structures similar to the aforesaid.butwithout alter-
ing their elevation as at present established and
denned.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ This amend-
ment is not yet in order. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, to insert the words "upon the
legally established grade of the city."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland now moves the amendment,
which has just been reported from the desk.
Mr. VICKERS. The only object which I
have in offering this amendment is to provide
for the security of passengers. This company
now to be incorporated is to run cross-bar
through the city, and its road is to cross the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad. There are at
least eight trains a day each way on the Balti-
more and Washington branch of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad ; and if the passengers of this
company are permitted to cross that road at
any time whenever they please there will be
danger to passengers and some collision or
delay will probably ensue. I understand that
this Junction railroad, as it is called, can con-
veniently avoid crossing the Baltimore and
Ohio road by passing around a small curve ;
but if the company prefer a moie direct line
to cross the Baltimore and Ohio road the pas-
sengers upon that road certainly ought to be
protected as well as the passengers in the cars
of the Junction railway. The only object I
have is the security of passengers, and my
amendment, which is now before the Senate,
simply provides that if this road crosses the
Baltimore and Ohio road it shall be upon an
elevation which will not. interfere with the pas-
sage of the cars, or if they choose to have a
tunnel they can go -under the Baltimore and
Ohio road in that way. To cross it upon a
level will be dangerous to passengers who
travel on this Junction railway as well as to
those who travel on the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad. It is only for the security of passen-
gers that 1 offer this amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. It will be seen by the
Senate at once that it will be impossible for
"this Junction road to pass under the track of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, and there-
fore, if this amendment is adopted, it must pass
over it at a height of seventeen feet above the
present track of that road. That will neces-
sitate a heavy curve, starting far back from the
track of the road, causing a high embankment,
to pass through the city, which will, of course,
very much depreciate the value of real estate
lying upon the track of this road.
Now, as to the point of endangering life by
the passage of these tracks, I will say that
nothing is more common all through that part
of tho'country from which I come than to see
one track crossing another. We see it in our
cities, where trains pass each other not eight
times, but many times eight times in a day ;
and in the country all through our northern
and eastern portion of the Union tracks cross
on the same level, so that I cannot see thai*
there is any great force in the argument which
the Senator from Maryland urges, and the in-
corporator of this road take the ground that
it will virtually destroy the object which they
have in view if this amendment prevails. Of
course I have no interest in it otherwise than to
secure some means of communication between
the North and the South, and to secure it iu
such a way as not to destroy the value of real
estate here in the city. There can be but one
argument urged, and that is that as these
tracks pass each other possibly some harm
may come of it; but if these roads have their
watchmen at the point of passing, when the
trains pass there will be no danger.
Mr. VICKERS. In addition to the number
of passenger trains a day there are a great many
freight trains passing ou this road, and then the
street cars are passing until eleven o'clock at
night, and there certainly maybe some danger
of collision; 1 was desirous that this bill
should go to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, where both parties could be heard
and a bill might be matured on this subject
which would be, perhaps, acceptable to all.
That is the only motive I had ; and I think now
that the proper course is to send this bill to
that committee. We have a new chairman of
that committee and we have an introduction of
new members on that committee ; and as this
is a bill which relates almost exclusively to the
city 1 should think that was the proper com-
mittee for the bill to be referred to. I hope
that this amendment of mine will be adopted ;
and if it be adopted I am still willing that
the bill should go to the committee for their
consideration. It was before the District
Committee of the last Congress, but has not
been befoie the committee of the present ses-
S'°Mr. HARLAN. I doubt the wisdom of
adopting the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maryland. The object of this bill is
to secure a connection between the railroads
entering the city on the north and the railroads
entering the city on the south, so that it is
intended to be a part of the same Hue. Every
Senator will perceive at once that it is neces-
sary to bring the tracks to the same grade in
order that the cars may be switched otf the one
track on to the other. If this amendment
should be adopted it would defeat to that ex-
tent the whole object of the bill.
'The amendment was rejected—ayes lour,
noes not counted.
Mr. VICKERS. I move that the bill be
now referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia. I think they meet to-morrow,
and can report at a very early day.
