1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I desire to submit to the Senate the views in
writing addressed to me of one of the district
judges of the United States in regard to the
proposition of the committee to establish cir-
cuit courts; and i ask that they maybe read
from the Secretary's desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
*' From the newspapers it appears that thebillcon-
cermng the judiciary, passed at the late session, will
probably be again presented. As it creates new offiecs
it mny succeed. 1 think the scheme a bad one. In-
stead of meeting the difficulty it aggravates it. If
the copy I have seen is correct the new circuit judge
will, in the absence of the Su pi erne Court judge, hold
the terms of the circuit alone. No new appointee
can be familiar with the local statutes and decisions,
and consequently, whether the Supreme Court judge
and he sit together or he sits alone, no practical
benefit can arise. This circuit covers Minnesota.,
Iowa, Nebraska, Kansas, Arkansas, and Missouri,
in which about twelve terms are held during the year.
If the new judge visits each, he cannot be present
duiing the whole term, unless very short, andin fact
must pass a large part ot his time in traveling trorn
one to the other. Thus occupied he will have no
leisure to learn the local laws of the various States.
"The true theory should be to secure the best
knowledge of local laws, and to have their adminis-
tration when in the United States courts harmonize
with the great body ot law as administered in Feder;;l
courts.
" The true need of the country is to have the Fed-
eral judiciary reach from every locality up to the
central head, to have its members brought into con-
tact with the local bar, and the local bar through it
withtho Supreme Court. Thus the whole legal policy
and talent of the country will contribute to the ulti-
mate result as known through the United States Su-
preme Court; and every locality will bo advised of
the general legal tone of the country as made known
not only tnrough the final decisions of the Supremo
Court, but through immediate intercourse, profes-
sionally, with its member'?. Thus, as it were, a free
and full and healthy circulation from each of the
members ot the great body-politic will be kept up
with the head, all parts contributing to the grand
result, and receiving in return beneficial influences
from «Vl other parts. There should be no isolation
of the Supreme Court, whereby its judgments in banc
are given after arguments by a bar exclusively con-
fined to practico before it, and knowing little or
nothingot what is the local law ot the various States
Still, the justices of the Supreme Court cannot do full
circuit duty under the present organization.
"A few years ago the Senate passed a bill (which
was not reached in the House) that adhered properly
to the true theory of our Government, and remedied
existing evils. It devolved the entire original juris-
diction now in the "United States circuit courts on the
icspectivc district courts. It then constituted one
circuit court for each circuit to be held at a central
place, said court to be an intermediate appellate tri-
bunal, consisting of the judge of the Supreme Court
allotted to the circuit and all the district judges in
said circuit. Appeals from that circuit to the Su-
preme Court were limited by the character of ques-
tions, &c. Thus ail the district judges of the circuit
would meet together once each year, become familiar
with each other's decisions and views, and be brought
into conterenco with a Supreme Court judge, and
through him with the Supreme Court. On the other
hand, the Supreme Court judge would, in that way,
be informed concerningthe views, &o., ot each local-
ity in the circuit. As he would have to vit-.it only
one place, ho could be present without difficulty."
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, as I stated,
those are the views of an experienced and
accomplished judge of a district court, of the
Uniied States. 1 think they are entitled to
very grave consideration. They were expressed
after consultation with many of the judges of
the United States courts ; and this amendment
which I have presented was prepared as the
result of the consultations of many of those
judges. 1 am clearly satisfied that in every
view that can be taken of it the system is a
better one than to establish circuit courts with
one judge, as the amendment of the committee
proposes, in the firbt place, it brings into the
consideration of questions a very much larger
amount of knowledge ot the local laws of the
different States than can possibly be got with
the presence of one single judge in the circuit
court. In the next place, it involves very
much less expense than the system of the com-
mittee. All that is added to the expense of
the Government in establishing the courts
according to my amendment is simply that
reasonable and moderate addition to the sal-
aiies of the district judges which ought to be
made in view of the additional duties imposed
upon them. In the third place, it tends to
arrest the flow of business into the Supreme
Court. Establish the circuit courts according
to the amendment of the committee, and the
result will be an addition of business on the
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 13.
calendar of the Supreme Court, instead of any
reduction of it.
These are the first considerations which pre-
sent themselves to the mind that undertakes to
investigate this matter. There are others of
great gravity. I do not propose to enlarge upon
them at this time; but I desire that those in the
Senate who are accustomed to practice in the
United States courts would deliberately con-
sider both these propositions, and see whether
it be not true as I have stated that the amend-
ment which I have proposed, and which was
drawn up, as I have stated before, after con-
sultation with a numberof United States judges,
is not better than the system proposed by the
committee.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Missouri give way to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask for a division on
that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on
a division—yeas 34, nays 5 ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 22, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions to be referred to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by motions to reconsider. During this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order.
ItESUMPTTON OF SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
150) to provide for a gradual resumption of
specie payments ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency.
REGULATION OF TUB CURRENCY.
Mr. LYNCH also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 151) to provide against undue expansions
and contractions of the currency; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (II. R. No.
152) providing for a uniform system of natu-
ralization ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revis-
ion of Laws of the United States, and ordered
to be printed.
THOMAS ALLEN.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
153) for the relief of Thomas Allen ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
NAT IJRA LIGATION.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
154) to establish a umlorm rule of natural-
ization throughout the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT SALES OF GOLD, BONDS, ETC.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
155) to prohibit secret sales or purchases of
gold or bonds on account of the United States,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be pr.nted, and,
with the accompanying memorial, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
AMENDMENT OF JUDICIAL STiSTKM.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
156) to amend the judicial system of the Uni-
ted States ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the JuS
ciary, and ordered to be printed;
DISTRICT JUDGli FOR TEXAS.
Mr. DAYIS also introduced a bill (H. R-
No. 157) to establish the office of associate
judge for the eastern district.of Texas ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
LIGHTS ON LAKE STEAMERS, ETC.
Mr. BENNETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 158) to declare and provide for the lights
to be carried on steam vessels upon Lakes On-
tario, Brie, and the other northern and north-
western lakes and navigable waters connected
with the same; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
DEFENSE OF NORTHWESTERN FRONTIER, EtC.
Mr. BENNETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 159) to provide for the better protec-
tion of the northern and northwestern frontier,
and to facilitate commerce and diminish the
expense of exchanges between the States:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CERTIFICATION OF CHECKS.
Mr. WOOD introduced a hill (H. R. No.
100) to repeal an act entitled "An act in refer-
ence to the certification of checks by national
bankswhich was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
COMPUTATION OF FOREIGN MONEY.
Mr. WOOD also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 101) to alter the computation of foreign
money for Government purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
IIA11BOR OF NEW YORK.
Mr. CALKIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
102) to remove obstructions from the East
river in the harbor of New York; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oil Commerce.
WASHINGTON AND CLEVELAND RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 163) to authorize the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the city of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, to the city of Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio, or town of Erie, Pennsylvania, by the
nearest direct route; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
STEAMER UNCLE ABE
Mr. TOWNSEND introduced a hill (H. R.
No. 104) to make compensation to Edward
Barton, James Barton, sen., andJohn H. Bar-
ton, for damages done to their steamer Uncle
Abe by the United States steamer Zouave;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
JOHN DAVIS.
Mr. TOWNSEND also introduced a joint
resolution (II. R. No. 31) to refer the claim
of the administrators of the estate of Captain
John Davis, deceased, to the Court of Claims;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Revolutionary
Claims and of the War of 1812.
UOILERS FOR STEAMERS.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 42) relative to the use of boilers
on steam vessels other than those made of
charcoal plates of unwroughtiron ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
BRIDGE AT PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. O'NEILL also introduced a bill (H.R.
No 165) giving the consent of the United
States to the erection of a bridge across the
