R^jS y;- '
194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 22,
Delaware river between Philadelphia and Cam-
den ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee 011 Roads and
Canals.
change of name of a vessel.
Mr. O'NEILL also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 33) to change the name of
the steamship Aries, of the Philadelphia and
Boston steamship line, to the Spartan ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
elizabeth marshall.
Mr. CESSNA introduced a bill (H. R. No.
166) granting a pension to Elizabeth Marshall;
which was' read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
, ' .israel y0unt.
Mr. CESSNA also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 167) for the relief of Israel Yount; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to tlie Committee of Claims.
joiin t deweese.
Mr. JONES, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 108) for the relief of John
T. Deweese ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
removal of dtsathltties.
Mr. DOCKKRY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 169) for the removal of disabilities ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Reconstruction.
quartermaster stokes.
Mr. DOOKERY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 170) to provide payment for quarter-
master stores and subsistence supplies taken
by the Army in the'southern States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
mail carrying in north carolina.
Mr. DEWEESE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 171) for the relief of railroad companies
carrying United States mails in North Caro-
lina ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Oliice and Post Roads.
post routes in north carolina.
Mr. LAS.H introduced a bill (Ii. R. No. 172)
to establish a post route from Leaksviile, North
Garolina, to Penn's Store, Virginia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee ou the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. LASH also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
173) to establish a post route from Salem to
Jerusalem, in North Carolina; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
, irving literary association.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. II. No.
174) to incorporate the Irving Literary Asso-
ciation, Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
- • naval contractors.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 33) for the adjustment of the
claims of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and their machinery ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
virginia military district, ohio.
Mr. WILSON, pf Ohio, introduced a bill
(II. R. No. 175) to cede to theState of Ohio the
unsold lands in the Virginia military district, in
said Stale ; which was read a first and spcond
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
post road in ohio.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also introduced a bill
(JI. R. No. 176) establishing a post road in the
State of Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
mrs. martha robinson. .
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 177) granting a pension to Mrs.
Martha Robinson ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
washington and cincinnati railroad.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 178) to incorporate the Washington and
Cincinnati National Railroad and Telegraph
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to say that I
introduce that bill by request, and without being
understood as indorsing ail its provisions.
delegate for the district of columbia.
Mr. WINANS introduced a bill (II. Ii. No.
179) to provide for the election of a Delegate
in Congress for the District of Columbia;
which was read a firstand second time, referred
to the Committeeon the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
hiram britt.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 180) for the relief of Hiram Brilt, of Hen-
derson county, Tennessee; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
thomas maxwell.
Mr. ARNELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
181) granting a pension to Thomas Maxwell,
of Hardin county, Tennessee; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
eli bunch.
Mr. ARNELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 182) granting a pension to Eli Bunch, of
Tennessee ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
howard industrial association.
Mr. STOKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
183) to incorporate the Howard Industrial Ed-
ucational Association ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor.
custom-house at nashville.
Mr. PROSSER introduced a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 34) to sell or exchange the site of
the custom-house in the city of Nashville, and
that a suitable location may be obtained;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
thomas w. fry and others.
Mr. ORTH introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 35) for the relief of Thomas W. Fry
and others ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
yosemite valley.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
184) to confirm to J. M. Hutchings and J. C.
Lamon their preemption claim to the Yoseroite
valley, in the State of California; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
naturalization laws.
Mr. JULIAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 185) to amend the naturalization laws of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committeeon the
Judiciary, and ordered to bfe printed.
interior department.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a joint resolution
(H. II. No. 36) relating to the Interior Depart-
ment ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
steamboat inspectors.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 186) to provide two local inspectors of
steamboats at Evansville, in the State of Indi-
ana ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
district courts in indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK also introduced a bill. (H. R
No. 187) authorizing district courts to be held
at the cities of Evansville and New Albany,
in the State of Indiana ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to .the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
bridges across the ohio river.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 188) in relation to bridges across the Ohio
river ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
mail routes in illinois.
Mr. McNEELY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
189) to establish a mail route in Illinois; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (H. R. No. 190)
to establish a post road in Illinois; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
surgeon of marine hospitals.
Mr. LOGAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
191) to provide for the appointment of a super-
vising surgeon of the marine hospitals of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
international pacific imilroad.
Mr. LOGAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 192) to aid in the construction of the
International Pacific railroad from Cairo, Illi-
nois, to the Rio Grande, to authorize the con-
solidation of certain railroad companies, and
to provide homesteadsforthelaborersori those
roads; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that this bill he
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to amend so as to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Logan was agreed to.
iowa and kansas railroad.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
193) to authorize the construction of a rail-
road from Davenport, in the State of Iowa, to
Topeka, in the State of Kansas; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
des moines rapids, etc.
Mr. IIAWLEY introduced a bill (II. R. No.
194) making further appropriations for the im-
provement of the Rock Island and Des Moines
rapids, in the Mississippi river*; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
condemned ordnance for monuments.
Mr. HAWLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
19-5) to authorize the Secretary of War to place
at the disposal of the soldiers' monument com-
mittee of Rock Island county, State of Illinois,
certain condemned ordnance; which wag read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
division of texas.
Mr. ASPERintroducedabill(H. R. No.190)
to divide the State of Texas and to organize
that portion of Texas lying west and south of
the Colorado river into a State, to he called
the State of Lincoln, and to provide for the
continuance of the provisional government of
Texas; which was read a firs:, and second time.
