THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
pressing Indian hostilities; which was referred
to the Committee on Military, Affairs, and
ordered to be printed, with the accompanying
papers.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also presented a
memorial bf the same body, asking for an ap-
propriation to increase the territorial library;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and Ordered to be printed.
Also, the memorial of the same body, asking
ttat the net proceeds of internal revenue be set
asiile for ihp erection, of a penitentiary ; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, arid ordered to be printed.
Also, the memorial of the same body, asking
for a change in the act of March 2, 1867, relat-
ing to town sites ; .which was referred to the
Cojumiitee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
. Also, the memorial of the same body, asking
for an appropriation for a resurvey of the pub-
lic lands; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
I,AND DISTRICT IN COLORADO.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 224) creating an additional land district
in the Territory of Colorado; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
DENVER, PUEBLO, AND SANTA FE RAILROAD.
.Mr. BRADFORD also introduced -a bill
(H. It. No. 225) granting lands and the right
of way to the Denver, Pueblo, and Santa Fe
Railroad and Telegraph Company; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
ARKANSAS VALLEY RAILROAD.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 226) to incorporate the Arkansas
valley Railroad Company; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
IS LA CKIIA WK, CENTRAL CITY, ETC.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 227) for the relief of the inhabit-
ants of the cities of Blackhawk, Central City,
and Georgetown, Colorado lerritory, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS or DAKOTA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. SPINK presented the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, relative to a United States land office in
the valley of the Red river of the North ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Also, the memorial of the same body, pray-
ing for an appropriation to construct a wagon-
road from Fort Abercrombie down the Red
river of the North ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
MEMORIALS OF ARIZONA LEGISLATURE.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, presented
the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Ar.'z°naj asking an appropriation for a capitol
building; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
Also the memorial of the same body, asking
the establishment of a mail route from Tucson
to the Sonora line; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of the same body, asking
an extension of time for the accumulation of a
fund for the erection of a territorial peniten-
tiary ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
PROBATE COURT OP IDAHO.
Mr. SHAFER introduced a bill (H. R, No.
228) to enlarge the jurisdiction of the probate
Court m Idaho Territory; which was read a
fir&t'and second time, and referred to the Com-
liiittefe'oh the Judiciary.
PAY OP DISTRICT JUDGE.
Mr. SHAFER also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (EL R. o. -39) to provide for the payment
of the salary of the district judge of Idaho
aud Montana Territories; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
ADMIRALTY JURISDICTION OF DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
220) to regulate aud limit the admiralty juris-
diction of the district courts of the United
States in certain cases ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN INDIANA.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 230) to regulate the times and places for
holding the courts of the United States in the
district of Indiana, and for other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
NATURALIZATION.
' Mr. KERR also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
231) to prescribe a uniform rule of natural-
ization ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revision
of Laws of the United States, and ordered to
be printed.
SOUTHERN EXPRESS COMPANY.
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 232) t.o incorporate the Southern Express
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, and, with an accompanying memorial,
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ADULTERATED LIQUORS.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 233) in respect to the examination of im-
pure and adulterated wines and liquors; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
JOHN POTTS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 234) for the relief of
John Potts ; which was read a first ajid second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
NAVIGATION OF DELAWARE RIVER.
Mr. HAIGHT presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey,
relative to the navigation .of the Delaware
river ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Jl'QUINSTON AND SKEEM.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
23-5) for the relief of John C. McQuinston and
Jeretniah D. Skeem, of Indiana, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
ordeil of business.
The SPEAKER. The call for bills and
joint resolutions on leave for reference having
been concluded, the next business in order
during the morning hour is the call of States
for resolutions, beginning with the State of
Ohio, where the call rested at the expiration
of the morning hour on Monday last. During
this call bills and joint resolutions can be
introduced and put upon their passage.
MEMPHIS, EL PASO, AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. W1NANS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 40) granting the right of way to
the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Railroad
Company from El Paso to the Pacific ocean ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific
Railroad Company, incorporated and subsist-
ing under the laws of Texas prior to the year
1861, for the purpose of constructing and op-
erating a railroad from Jefferson, Texas, to
Moore s Landing, on the Sulphur fork of Red
river ; thence through or near Clarksville,
Paris, and Phantom hills, to the Rio Grande
river, opposite or near the town of El Paso,
in ihe republic of Mexico, shall be authorized
to extend and operate its line of railroad west-
wardly from the east bank of the Rio Grande
river, through the Territories of New Mexico
and Arizona, to or near Fort Yuma; and
thence through the public lands in the State
of California to or near San Diego harbor;
that the company, in locating its road, shall go
by such direct route as in the opinion of such
company shall be the most practical; and such
company, in constructing its road over the
public land, as well as private lands, and in
building its bridges over rivers and water-
courses from the east bank of the Rio Grande
river, shall, in all respects, be controlled and
governed by section two of an act of Congress
approved July 1, 1862, for the aiding in the
construction of a railroad from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and by sections
three and nine of an act amendatory to suid
act, approved July 2, 1864, except that as to
private property in the State of California it
shall be governed by the laws of such State ;
provided, that nothing herein contained shall
be construed to grant to said company any
subsidy or lands other than the right of waj
above provided for ; and provided further, thai
the said company shall complete the construc-
tion of at least fifty miles of their road from
Jefferson, Texas, within one year, and shall
grade at least fifty miles of road-bed between
El Paso and San Diego within two years, and
shall fully complete and equip their whole line
of road within ten years from the approval of
this act; and Congress may at. any time, hav-
ing due regard for the rights of said company,
add to, alter, or amend this act; and that said
road shall be a military and post road.
Mr. WINANS. Upon this joint resolution
I call the previous question.
Mr. JULIAN. I will say that this joint res-
olution has the unanimous approval of the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. LOGAN. Is debate in order?
_ The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the pre-
vious question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
w®'®—ay®s 54, noes 28 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Win-ans and
Mr. Brooks were appointed.
Mr. J ULIAN. 1 ask unanimous consent to
explain this joint resolution very briefly.
l'he SPEAKER. It is not in order to ask
unanimous consent during the morning hour
of Monday.
Mr. LOGAN. Is it in order to move the
reference of this joint resolution to a com-
mittee?
Ihe SPEAKER. That motion is notin order
pending the cali for the previous question.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 81, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
_ The question was, "Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?"
Mr. BROOKS. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask a parliament-
ary question.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. LOGAN. When will it be in order to
move to refer this joint resolution to a stand-
ing committee for consideration?
Ihe SPEAKER. Should the main question
not be ordered now a motion to refer would
then be in order.
Mr. JULIAN. It has been considered by
the Committee on the Public Lands.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 40, not voting
44; as follows :
YEAS-Messre. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arnell,
i!yb «?¥• BSckJ B'f'J. Blair
Boles, Buffinton, Roderick E.Butler, Calkin. Church-
