1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ill, Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Crebs, Dawes,
Deweese, Dickey, Dockery, Ela, Eerriss. Fox, Golla-
d.ty, Greene, Haideman, ll-imlit/ton, Ilamill, Haw-
kins, H.twley, Heaton, Hill, lloag, Ingersoll, Jenekes,
Johnson, Alexander II. Jones. Thomas L. Jones,
Julian. Kiilley, Kelsey, Kerr, Knapp, Knott, Lash,
L'ui;rhridLynch, Maynard, McCormick,McNeely,
Mercur. Eliakim II. Moore,William Moore, Morgan,
Daniel J. Morrell, Mungen.Negley, Niblack,O'Neill,
Packard, Pnelps. Poland, Pomeroy, Randall, Reeves,
Rice, Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Schenek,
Shanks, Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
lYii'i.tm J. Srnitl., Wortllington C. Smith, William
Smyth. Sl.okos, Strickland, Svvann, Sweeney, Till-
man, Townsend. Twichell. l'yner, Van Auken, Van
Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wells,
Wtlittemore, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson. John
T. Wilson, Winans, Winchester, Witcher, and
\V Odd—103.
NAYS —Messrs. Asper, Axtcll, Beamn.n, Boyd,
Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Cessna, Amasa Cobb, Cook,
Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Davis, Donley, Dyer, Etd-
ridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch, Gil-
fillan. Ilnight, Hay, Hoar, Uolman, Hopkins, Ketch-
atn, L:iflin, Logan, Marshall. McCarthy, McGrew,
Orth, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Potter, Proaser, San-
t'U"(l, Stiles, Ston<\ Stougliton, Taifc, Tanner,
Waid. William B. Washburn. Wilkinson, and Wood-
waid—49.
NOT VOTING-Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arm-
strong, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett, Bigps, Bowen,
Benjamin 1<\ Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Dickinson,
Dixon. Duval, Fisher, Garfield,G tz. Griswold, Hale,
Hamilton, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Judd, Lawrence, May-
ham, Mc0raryr Moffet, Jesse H. Moore, S.imuel P.
Morrill, Morrisse.v, Peters, Reading, Schumakor,
Seofield, Slocutn, Stevens, Stevenson, Strader, Trim-
ble, Upson, Van Horn, Voorhees, Wheeler, and
Wil)a>d—11.
So the main question was ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. WINANS. Oti that question I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Air. BROOKS. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 10, noes 7'2; not one filth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were fourteen in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Accordingly the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. WINANS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land-grant railroad ix wisconsin7.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a joint resolution
(II. 11. No. 41) extending the time to construct
a railroad from the St. Croix river or lake to
the west end of Lake Superior and to Bayfield ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands, j
ineligible contestants. |
Mr. PAINE. 1 move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of adopting the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Heinle*!, That in all contested-election oases re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections in which it
ph.ill bo alleged bv a parly to the case or member of s
the House that cither claimant is unable to take the i
oaih prescribed in the act appioved July 2,1862. en- ;
titled "All net lo presonbo an oath of otltec, and tor i
olhcrpuipose.--," ltshall bethedutyol thocommittee
to ascertain whether such disability exists; and it i
sucll disability shall be found to tho coinmitteo
shall so report to the House and shall notiurtber
consider tho claim of tho personso disqualified with-
out the further order ot the Hou^c; and no compen-
sation will be allowed by the House to any claimant
who shall have been ineligible to tho oflice ot Xiep-
resentalive to Congiess at the timcol the election,
and whost* disability shall not have been removed
by act of Congress.
Mr. PAINE. I will state that this is not a
report from the Committee of Elections. I
offer the resolution as a member of the House.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] whether he de-
sires that the House by the adoption of the
resolution shall commit itself to the principle
that after claimants for seats are found inel-
igible in the manner contemplated by the reso-
lution the opposing candidates shall become
thereby entitled to the seats.
Mr. PAINE. No, Mr. Speaker, I do not
propose to effect that by this resolution ; but I
shall introduce in due time a bill which will
provide for the case to which the gentleman
refers.
Mr. WOOD. I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker,
that the gentleman has a design other than
that the resolution itself would indicate to the
House.
Mr. PAINE. I have no design in this reso-
lution except what is apparent on its face. It
does not propose to effect that to which the
gentleman refers; but I shall hereafter intro-
duce a bill for the accomplishment of that pre-
cise object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will my colleague [Mr.
Paine] allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If under this resolution
the Committee of Elections should neglect or
refuse to take further action with regard to a
contested-election case, would not or might not
thc'cffect be to leave in his seat a person not
elected by a majority of the votes of the dis-
trict? Might not a person be thus placed in
the seat in consequence of there being no re-
port of the committee?
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Speaker, is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 would like to have
my colleague [Mr. Paine] answer my ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
except by unanimous consent, and the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Kelsey] objects to
debate.
Mr. BURR. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. BURR. Inasmuch as the Chair has
decided that debate is out off, I want to ask
whether the adoption of the motion to suspend
the rules will also adopt the resolution, or
whether after the suspension of the rules the
resolution will be open for debate?
The SPEAKER. The motion, as framed
by the gentleman from Wisconsin. [Mr. Paine,]
proposes that the rule3 shall be suspended and
the resolution adopted by one vote. It is in
order for him to put the motion in that form,
and the Chair understands that to be his motion.
Mr. PAINE. That is my motion.
Mr. BURR. I appeal to the gentleman from
Wisconsin not to cut off debate in this way.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas aud
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether this resolution can bind the House in
its subsequent action as to voting money to pay
expenses of contestants ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry. The Chair must decline to rule
upon the effect of the resolution. It is for the
House to judge as to that,
Mr. WOOD. I want to know whether the
adoption of this resolution can conclude the
future action of the House? _ j
Mr. PAINE. It gives notice of the opinion •
of the House. :
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, can- I
not this resolution be divided so that we can j
vote separately upon that part with reference j
to the pay of contestants? j
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend !
the rules and adopt the resolution precludes
the call for a division. ' '
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, are we ftot
entitled to a division so as to tote separately
upon the suspension of the rules and the adop-
tion of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paiice] has, under the rules, a per-
fect right to frame his motion so that the two
questions shall be voted upon in one vote. He
has done so; and the Chair must submit ths
motion as he puts it. ...
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 10U, nays 48, not voting 39 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arnell,
Asper, Bailey, Beaman, Benjamin, Bonton, Bingham,
Blair, Boles, Bovd, Buflinton, Burdett, Benjamin 1?,
Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn,Conger, Cullom, Davis, Dawes,
Dewecse, Dickey, Dixon, Dockery, Donley, Duval,
Ela, Farnswoith, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Gar-
field, Giltillan, Hawkins,ilawley, Hay.IIeaton, Hill,
lloar. Hopkins, Julian, Kelley, Iielsey, Retcham,
knapp, Laflin, Lasli, Lawrence, Logan,Loughridge,
Maynard, McCarthy, MeCrary, MeGrew, Mercnr,
Eliakim 11. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J, Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, O'Neill, Ortb,
Packard, Paekei, Pame, Palmer, Peters, Phelps,
Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser. Roots, Sanford, Sawyer,
Schenck.Scolield, Shanks, Sheldon, William J. Smith,
VVorthingtou C. Smith, William Smyth. Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland. Talfe, TaJto-
ner, Tillman, Townsend, 'l'yner, Upson, Van Horn,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams.
John T. Wilson, Winans. and Witcher—109.
N AY S—Messrs. Archer. Axtel I. Beck, Bird • Brooks,
Burr, Calkm, Cleveland, Crebs, Dickinson, Eldridge,
Fox, Golladay, Greene,Griswold, Haight, Haldeman,
Hainbleton, llo ,g, llolinan, Johnson, Thomas L.
Jones, Keir, ivnoit, Marshall, Mayham, McNeely,
Moffet, Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Potter, Randall,
Beading, S.ocutn, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone,
Strader, Sivann, Sweeney, VanAuken, Van Trump,
Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Wood wa i it—48.
IN OT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Armstrong, Banks,
Beatly, Bennett, Biggs, iiowen, Roderick K. Butler,
Oake, Cook, Cowles, Dyer, Fisher, Fitch, Get-/., Hale,
llamill. Hamilton, Hooper, llotchkiss, Ingersoll,
Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Lynch, McCor-
mick, Morrissey, Negley, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sar-
gent, Schumaker, John A. Smith, Trimble, Twichell,
Voorhees, VVard, and Wheeler—39.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election of members ok congress.
Mr. PAINE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of passing a bill (II. R. No.
230) to regulate the manner of holding elec-
tions of Representatives and Delegates in Con-
gress. I will state that by a vote of the Com-
mittee of Elections I am authorized to say that
the committee approve this bill.
The bill was read. It provides that in elec-
tions hereafter held in any State or Territory
for Representatives or Delegates in Congress
all votes cast for any person who shall be in-
eligible to office under and by reason of the
third section of the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution of the United
States shall be null and void; and the person
having the highest numbef of votes of those
eligible to office at such election shall be the
Representative or Delegate as the case may be.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does my colleague in-
tend to force that bill through without any dis-
cussion ?
Mr. PAINE. I am not at liberty to discuss
it. I have moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of passing the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman in-
clude both motions in one?
Mr. PAINE. I do.
Mr. BURR. I desire to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee of Elections.
He states that he had a vote of the Committee
of Elections this morning instructing him to
rc port this bill. He knows that there was not
a unanimous vote. Does he intend to prevent
the minority from being heard at all on this
bill? , „
Mr. PAINE. I did no! in/orm the House that
I was instructed by thiiCominitii'ii of Elections
