THE CON-GEESSIGieX GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE EIGIIT-nOXJR LA"W.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Sesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed to inquire whetheranylegislation is neces-
sary te Secure to Government employes uniformity
Of ■sompeiisation under the eight-hour law. and an
administration of the same according to its true
intent, and that they be authorized to report by bill
or otherwise,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on th'e table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment of congbess.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to suspend the
rules and pass the resolution which 1 send to
the Chair.
- Tbe Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Besolved. That the concurrent resolution for the
action of the two Houses of Congress by which the
time of adjournment of this Congress is fixed for
Friday next, and now pending before the Senate, be
recalled for farther consideration, and that a mes-
sage be sent to the Senate requesting the return of
the same.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule that
this is a question of privilege and a suspension
of the rules will not be needed. The resolu-
tion is before the House.
fir. LAWRENCE. I will state, then, if it
be in order, that the bills now before the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, in my judgment, and
1 have no doubt in the judgment of a majority
of that committee, ought to be acted on at this
session of Congress. The reconstruction of
Virginia, Texas, and Mississippi, and some
legislation in relation to Georgia, are all un-
doubtedly necessary. It will be impossible to
perfect that legislation if this Congress should
adjourn on Friday next. There are other meas-
ures of importance before Congress which it
will be impossible for us to perfect so as to
adjourn on Friday.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a morneut?
M'r. LAWRENCE. I will.
Mr, DICKEY. Is this question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to state another reason why we should recall
that resolution. We have passed this concur-
rent resolution and sent it to the Senate to
adjourn at twelve o'clock on Friday. The Sen-
ate has adjourned to-day without taking any
vote at all upon the question of the tenure-of-
office bill. The Senate may at any moment
act on our concurrent resolution and agree to
it, and then this Congress is adjourned on Fri-
day. Suppose the Senate should pass a bill
to suspend the tenure-of-office act and then
adjourn on Friday before we could consider
this new proposition, the whole question might
fall between the two Houses.
I desire, therefore, for one, that we shall
have this matter in the hands of the House.
Besides, I agreewith my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrence] that there is necessary legislation
which cannot be perfected by Friday. -The
Indian appropriation bill, for instance, has not
yet been considered by the Senate. There are
divers other bills which must and ought, with
proper conduct of public business, to be con-
sidered, and X think we had better keep the
matter in our own hands.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth. ] -
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Between this and
Friday there are four days. During the last
three or four days of the last session we trans-
acted agreat deal more business than there is
pending now before the two Houses which is
Kkely to be transacted before we adjourn. The
Seitate oah certainly act on the Indian appro-
bill, as it will on the t<hure-of-office
bill undoubtedly, either passing a bill to re-
peal or to suspend it before that time. So
far as other general legislation is concerned,
so. far as action on the bills which have been
introduced here by the dozen is concerned, I
think it would be far better for the country
that we should not act on them .now. If the
Senate see fit they can take up and agree to
our concurrent resolution alter passing the
Indian appropriation bill and the tenure-of-
office bill, and I shall be content, and I think
the country will be very glad of it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes. J
Mr. DAWES. I hope this resolution will
not prevail, for it seems to me that in that way
we would be making arrangements for a long
session at this time, one that will extend into
the coming summer. I do not suppose the
Senate will agree to the resolution which we
have sent to them, without an amendment post-
poning the time for the final adjournment of
this session some days beyond that named by
us in that resolution. Now, if we recall that
resolution and enter upon general legislation
not only will we be destined to remain here for
weeks and perhaps months, but in my opinion
we will commence a career of legislation which
will be fruitful of anything but good. I think
it would have been better for us had we not
met at all on the 4th of March, better for us
that we had adjourned at the end of the first
week of this session,than that we should adjourn
next Friday ; and worse than all, if we put off
the day of final adjournment more than two
weeks from this time.
There is nothing in the way of our adjourning
next Friday but the want, of a disposition to
address ourselves to such legislation as is ab-
solutely necessary to enable us to finish by next
Friday or next Monday. For my part, I prefer
that our resolution shall remain with the Senate
rather than we should recall it and in that way
invite ourselves to enter upon general legisla-
tion at this time. I shall consider it a very
bad omen for the future if this Congress shall
determine at this time to enter upon general
legislation. I had supposed that if anything
were understood by this House, by this Con-
gress, and by the country, it was that we were
to do very little more than organize at this
time ; that certainly we were not to enter upon
any such general legislation as should continue
us here in session beyond the last Friday of
this month. I shall regret exceedingly if the
House shall now recall the resolution we sent
to the Senate and put no limit upon this ses-
sion. If we are here without any limit upon
the session we will probably enter upon all
manner of legislation. There will be no dis-
position upon our part to finish up what we
have to do; but we will enter into interminable
debate upon unimportant matters and measures
which may just as well be postponed until the
next session, or better yet, not introduced at
all. I do entreat the House not to indicate
at this time any disposition of that kind. In
my opinion no such injury can occur to this
Administration at its beginning as to have at
the outset this Congress here engaged in legis-
lation.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has said
nearly all I intended to say. Therefore I have
only to say that I trust the majority—we of the
minority, of course, amount to nothing in this
matter—will at least fix upon some day of
adjournment, and settle that day as soon as pos-
sible, not only tor our own welfare, hut for
the benefit of the now agitated interests of the
country. If we continue much longer in ses-
sion there will appear here those same par-
ties who appeared here during the last session
urging and pressing various measures which
were before us. It seems to me, therefore,
following the advice of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that it will be
wise for us to let the Senate determine upon the
day for the final adjournment of this session.
If they fix upon a day, then we should ac-
quiesce in it, so that we can make our own
arrangements for the adjournment and the
country can accommodate its business to our
action.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I were
of the opinion that my colleague [Mr. Dawes]
has expressed, that it were better that we had
never met here at all, I should be of the opin-
ion that he is, that we had better adjourn now
without doing anything, because the one in-
volves the other. There are things which have
happened since we met here that perhaps might
have led me to think we had better not have
met here at all; but I did not know anything
had happened to lead my colleague to think
so. However, I must insist, that we are now
herein session. We have three States of this
Union now in an unreconstructed condition.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Fourofthem; Georgia
also.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, four
of them; and the condition of each and all
of them is such that no man's life is yet safe
therein. We see by the morning papers a
clergyman is shot down a3 he is performing
the sacred sacrament of marriage; and men
are taken out of the jails and hanged or shot.
Yet we are asked now to go home and leave
the country in this condition, without any laws
to meet the case. We have put Georgia in
such a position that she is no longer under
that military control which we formerly exer-
cised over her. We leave Mississippi so that
she cannot be reconstructed; we leave Texas
so that she cannot be reconstructed. All our
reconstruction measures for Virginia have thus
far failed.
In view of these things we are not in a con-
dition to go home. I know we are paid by the
year. Many of us, myself among the number,
are anxious to get away. But so long as any
public duty remains to be performed we are
bound to remain here as much as though we
were not paid by the year.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to put an inquiry
to my colleague. Under the reconstruction
laws, if I understood him aright the other day,
are not the offices to be filled by the command-
ing generals in all three of the States he has
named, and does he not think it quite as well to
hold those States under military rule as to give
them representation on this floor under the cir-
cumstances now prevailingin the State of Geor-
gia ? Has not my colleague learned that if we
made any mistake at the end of the session last
summer it was in making haste to admit Repre-
sentatives from States not thoroughly recon-
structed ? Have not circumstances convinced
my colleague of the propriety of being more
careful in the future, of being " slow and sure "
in the work of reconstruction ? Since the gen-
tleman procured the recommitment of the bill
granting the extension of thirty days in the
case of Virginia has anything occurred to make
him feel that the interests of the country can-
not be safe until Congress shall make itself a
perpetual body ? If there is anything of that
kind I do not know it, and I wish my colleague
would indicate it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will do
so. I think with my colleague that in the work
of reconstruction we ought to have " made
haste slowly.'' But the difficulty is we have not
done so. We have put Georgia in such a posi-
tion that she is but measurably under military
rule. The question whether we will attend to
the legislation demanded by the condition of a
portion of the southern States is a question of
life and death to the Union men of the South
to-day. There is not one of those men who
will not tell you that our going home at this
time and leaving things as they stand there
would be felt as' a desertion of the Union men
of the South—a turning of them over to their
enemies.
I will say in reply to my colleague that noth-
