THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 22,
withdraw the demand for the previous question
for a few minutes.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I think the resolution
has been sufficiently debated.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then Ihope the previous
question will be voted down.
The question was put on seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 22,
noes 88.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
LAWRENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 13, noes 85.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid on the
table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest van WYCIi vs. greene.
Mr. CESSNA. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report a substitute for
the resolution referred to them by the House,
granting an extension of time in the case of
Van YVyekes. Greene. I move the adoption of
the resolution, and ask the previous question
upon it.
TheClerlc read the resolution,as follows:
Resolved, That in the matter of the application
for an extension of time to take testimony m the con-
tested case of Van Wyck vs. Greene, twenty days be
allowed to the sitting member to take evidence, to be
confined to evidence to rebut that taken by the con-
testant, and that a like period of twenty days be
allowed at the expiration of that period to the con-
testautif desired by him.
The SPEAKER. This is a question of
privilege. The resolution is before the House,
and the gentleman asks the previous question
upon it.
Mr. BURR. I ask my colleague on the
committee to yield to me to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. CESSNA. I agreed to allow the gen-
tleman a few moments to make some remarks.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman can-
not demand the previous question.
_ Mr. CESSNA. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion, and yield to the gentleman for that pur-
pose provided he will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURR. I will do so.. The resolution
reported by instructions of the Committee of
Elections provides for an extension of time
in this case for twenty days. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [,Ur. Cessna] will, I think,
agree with me that the time of twenty days,
instead of forty days, which was originally re-
quested by the sitting member in tins case, is
recommended by the committee on the assur-
ance of the contestant that the ordinary period
of ten days requited for service of notice to
take depositions will be waived and not insisted
upon. But inasmuch as the House cannot con-
trol that matter, it being a mere understand-
ing between the parties, I desire to submit an
amendment to this resolution, to extend the
time for forty days instead of for only twenty
days. I move this amendment because I think
the rights of both parties require this extension
ot time. And now, pursuant to promise, 1
renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. CESSNA! I did not yield to the gen-
tleman to move an amendment, but merely to
express his views in opposition to this resolu-
tion if he desired to do so. 1 have reported
this resolution according to instructions of the
Committee of Elections, and cannot consent to
having any amendment offered to it. I now call
the previous question upon the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cessna] yielded to the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Burr] upon the sole condition that
he should renew the demand for the previous I
question, and he cannot, having yielded on '
that condition, and that alone, prevent him
from offering an amendment to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman stated when
he yielded that he did so in order to allow the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bcrb] to make
some remarks. That does not include the
right to offer an amendment.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a question of order.
The demand for the previous question was not
pending when I took possession of the floor.
I promised to renew the demand for the pre-
vious question, but until I had done so, as I
had rightfully possession of the floor, I could
move an amendment, an adjournment, a call
of the House, or make any other motion in
order, provided I closed with a renewal of the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and on this ground : the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna,] having
reported this resolution as a question of privi-
lege, was entitled to the floor upon it for one
hour without demanding the previous ques-
tion. He stated when he yielded to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Bctrr] that he did so
to enable him to make some remarks upon the
resolution. It is according to the daily usage
of this House for gentlemen to yield to others
for remarks and not tor amendments. But
should the House desire to entertain the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois it is in
their power to do so by refusing to second the
previous question, in which case the Chair
would cheerfully accord the floor to thegentle-
from Illinois.
Mr, BURR. Under that rulingof the Chair
I appeal to the House to vote clown the call
for the previous question.
The question was then taken upon seconding
the previous question; and upon a division
there were—ayes 57, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, "Shall the main question
be now put ?"
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Cessna] a question.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent pending the previous question.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move to lay the
resolution on the table, for the reason that I
am not allowed to ask my colleague on the
committee a simple question.
Mr. CESSNA. If the motion of my col-
league [Mr. Randall] should be adopted, and
the resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections should be laid on the table, it would
be equivalent to granting no extension of time
at all. I do not know but I am willing that
course should be taken.
Mr. BURR. Is the gentleman desirous of
denying any extension of time?
Mr. CESSNA. No, sir.
Mr. BURR. It looks very much like it.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw my motion
to Jay this resolution on the table ; and I desire
to know of the gentleman who reports this
resolution whether it is an understanding be-
tween these parties that they shall waive the
ten days' notice for the taking of depositions?
I want that publicly stated, for the reason that
if it is not so stated and acted upon the sitting
member will have but ten days in which to take
testimony 
Mr. KELSEY. I believe debate is not now
in order.
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. KELSEY. I obj&:t to debate.
Mr. CESSN A. I should be perfectly willing
to answer the question of my colleague [Mr.
Randall] if it were in order to refer to what
took place in the committee-room.
'Ihe main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. CESSNA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
'clerk to committee.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Accounts:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Ninth Census
bo, andarehereby, allowed to employ aclerk during
the present session of Congress, whose pay shall be
equal to that of the other clerks-employed by differeat
committees of this House.
chinese and mongolian voters.
' Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Besolved, That in passing the resolution for the
fifteenth amendment to the Constitution ot the Uni-
ted States this House never intended that Chinese
or Mongolians should become voters.
Mr. JOHNSON. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of that resolution.
Mr. KELSEY. The resolution is not before
the House. I object to its introduction.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to suspend the rules
for the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order, as the resolution is not yet before the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
California whether he contemplates this shall
take the form of an amendment to the Consti-
tution ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I suggest that the
passage of this resolution by the House will
have no effect. The amendment to the Con-
stitution does include them or does not include
them.
Mr. JOHNSON. As the gentleman from
Tennessee has been permitted to ask a ques-
tion, I hope I shall be indulged while I answer it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to discussion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 42, nays 106, not voting
48 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Bird, Brooks, Burr,
Calkin, Crebs, Dickinson, Eldridge, Fitch, (Jolladay,
Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hamill, Hawkins,
Holman, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott,
Mayham, McNcely, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Sargent, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, William
J. Smith, Sales, Stone, Strader, Swann, Van Auken,
Van Trump, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, anu Woodward—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Asper,
Bailey, Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bo wen, Boyd, Buttinton,Burdett, Benja-
min F. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Arnasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowies, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Dixon, Doekery, Duval, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fmkelnburg, Garfield, Gilfillan, Greene, Haw-
ley, Hay, Hoar, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Knapp, Lnfiin, Lash, Lawrence, Loughridge,
Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, McGrew. Mor-
cur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,Samuel P. Morrill, Negiev,
O'jSTeill.Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peters*,
l'helps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Rogers, Roots,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Whittemore, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Wi nans—106. .
NOT VOITNG—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong.
Banks, Beck, Bennett, Biggs, Boies, Kodejick R.
Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Coburn, Cuilom, "Dewee^e
Donley, Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Fisher, Fox, Getz,
Griswold, Hale, Hamilton, Heaton, Hill, Hoag, Judd
Ketcham, Logan, Maishall, MeCormiek, Moffet,
Morgan, Mornssey, Mungen, Niblack, Rice, Schu-
maker, Wortiiington C. Smith, William Smyth
Sweenoy, Trimble, Upson, Van Horn, Voorhees.
Wheeler, and vVmhrr—-18.
So the House lefu^'d to suspend the rules.
captain w. j. ee i'te.i.man , deceased.
On motion of Mr. WOODWARD, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the flies of the
House of the petition of Margaret Judd, aunt
and foster-mother of Captain \Vr. J. Fetterman,
late of the United States Army, killed at Fort
Phil. Kearny; and' the same was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
navigation of potomac kiver.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H, R. No. 240) makingappro-
