1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
priations for the removal of certain obstruc-
tions in the Potomac river ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
OFFICERS OF TUB NAVY.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 241) supplement-
ary to and explanatory of certain acts of Con-
gress relating to officers of the Navy; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
IMPORTATION OF WORKS 01' ART.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 44) to authorize
works of art intended for free exhibition to be
introduced into the United States without pay-
ment of duty, and to ask the consent of the
House to put it on its passage at this time.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time. It authorizes the Secretaiy of
the Treasury at his discretion to admit fiee of
duty any picture, statue, or other work of fine
art from a foreign country for free exhibition
in the United States on sufficient bond to his
satisfaction being given that the same shall be
reexported within a reasonable lime, not ex-
ceeding in any case the term of one year; and
on the further condition that the owner of such
work of art may at any time within the period
indicated enter the same for payment of duty,
and, on said payment being made, the bond
shall be canceled.
Mr. SCHENCK. If no explanation be de-
sired, I move that the joint resolution be put
upon its passage.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether our native artists are not very
much opposed to granting this privilege to
foreign artists?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. WOOD. 1 ask the gentleman whether,
in granting this privilege, the reexportation
of these works of art would not be evaded and
tliose works of art thus come into competition
with the production of our own native artists
without paying any duty to the Government
whatever?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man from New York by a very brief explanation
of the resolution. In the first place, this sub-
ject was brought before the Committee of Ways
and Means by an application made to Congress,
and by an application made at the same time
to the Treasury Department, to admit without
the payment ot' duty, for free exhibition in the
United States, the famous picture, "The Rail-
way Station," painted by Mr. Frith, the royal
academician. Gentlemen familiar with wot Its
of art know that this great painting was recently
sold for £15,000 in England, or for $30,000.
The application was to permit that to be brought
into the country for free exhibition, in order
that our artists and our people might, see it,
with bond that it should be reexported within
three months. A similar application was made
for the admission of the celebrated painting ot'
Dobson of ''Peace be UntotiiisIIouse." These
applications brought the matter up in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and instead of re-
porting a joint resolution covering these two
cases the Committee of Wajs and Means
thought it best to report a joint, resolution
authorizing the Secretary of tl.e Treasury to
admit free of duty any work of art, whether
painted by a foreign artist or b}' a native artist
living abioad, intended for free exhibition,
taking a sufficient bond to his satisfaction that
the same should be reexported within a reason-
able time; and with the further provision that
if sold in the country it might be entered for
payment of duty, when the bond should be
canceled.
Mi-. DICJCEY. As I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio, these works of art are to be
admitted without payment of duty only for the
purpose of tree exhibition.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. If they were to
be exhibited for pay, in the present condition
of the law imposing a duty upon works of art,
we should feel bound to provide that they
should not be admitted without the payment of
duty. It is because they are to be exhibited
free of charge that we propose to grant this in-
dulgence. It is probable that in any revision
of the tariff the Committee of Ways and Means,
although I cannot vouch for it, will agree that
all these works of art, and especially works Of
art produced abroad by our American artists,
shall come in free of duty altogether.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Wouldit not be better
to provide that the party should enter into a
bond that he will reexport it?
Mr. SCHENCK. 'lhat is one of the condi-
tions.
Mr. YAN TRUMP. I do not so under-
stand it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is when introduced for
free exhibition.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. How arc we to be
assured that the work will be reexported?
Mr. SCHENCK. A bond is to be taken on
the admission of the work of art free of duty
for free exhibition.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That is all the assur-
ance we have that it will be reexported.
Mr. SCHENCK.' It is to be reexported
within a reasonable time, the limit being fixed
at one year.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. There should be a fur-
ther bond that they will exhibit it free to the
country.
Mr. hCHENCIC. We cannot compel them
to exhibit it, but if they exhibit it at all under
this resolution they have to exhibit it free of
charge.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Who is to judge of that?
Mr. SCHENCK. They give a bond to cover
it, and they are liable on that bynd. If they
exhibit it for pay or keep it beyond the time
allowed or do anything else of that kind they
will forfeit their bond and surety.
Mr. WOOD. As I understand the gentle-
man from Ohio the object of the resolution is
to give Ameiican artists an opportunity of
studying the woiks of European artists. Now,
it is well settled, both iu this country and in
Euiope, that American artists are in advance
of European artists, and they can learn from
us instead of our learning from them. I think,
therefore, that the only result of the resolution
under consideration will bo to open the door to
give European artists an opportunity to evade
I our laws by getting their works into tliiscoim-
i try fiee of duty. We know that such a custom-
! house bond amounts to nothing practically,
i and instead of reexporting those works they
will dispose of them here or exhibit them for
money. 1 am opposed to the resolution, as it
brings the works ot toieign artists without the
payment, of any duty into competition with the
: works of our native artists.
I Mr. SCHENCK. I am not quite willing to
I agree with the gentleman ftoin New Yoik that
i while we teach Europe a great deal about art
we can learn nothing from that source. I do
' not think there can be any controversy on this
. lesolution, so far as it goes, but I do not think
■ it goes far enough, so far as American artists
i ate concerned. American artists abroad under
! this resolution will have an opportunity to send
! their works here and to get purchasers for
I them, which they could not do where their
j means would not permit them to pay the duty.
: It will encourage our American artists abroad
j to send their productions home in the hopeof
J securing purchasers for them. But the joint
j resolution makes no distinction between Ameri-
I can and foreign artists. There is one thing
we leain, and that is that this is the only Gov-
| erntuent in Christendom that imposes a duty
j upon works of high art at all. 1 am iu favor
! at the proper time of going the whole length,
■ and relieving them from the payment ot duty.
! I am for relieving the, works of American
artists abroad from the payment of duty on
their arrival in this country, but that is not the
objection to t.be passage of this resolution now.
It invites the production of the best schools of
European art to be brought here for the benefit
of our people and for the benefit of fine, ar.t in
this country.
Mr. AVOOD. If we are to admit these wofks
free of duty because they are the: works of
American artists we can just as well send
American mechanics abroad and ask the goads
which they may manufacture shall also be
brought in free of duty.
Mr. PO ITER. As I understand the reso-
lution it will permit all artists, whether native
or foreign, to introduce into the country from
abroad their works of art, with a view of ex-'
posing them forsaleby free exhibition, without
requiring prepayment of duties. In case of
sale, duties are then to be paid ; but should no
sale be effected the owner will remain at liberty
to withdraw bis work from bond and return it
abroad. 1 see nothing objectionable in this;
on the contrary, the resolution seems to me to
be a salutary one.
Should the resolution prevail it will have the
effect of inducing the owners of choice works
of art in many cases to send them to this
country and expose them to the free inspection
of our people in the hope that a sale of tlietn
can be had here, when they would not do so
if they were to be compelled to pay large duties
whether a sale be effected or not.
The introduction and free exhibition of val-
uable works of art will not only add to the
knowledge and cultivation of our people, bat
will fofter their love of art to the advantage
as well of our own as of foreign artists, and I
trust, therefore, the resolution will prevail.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SCITENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to recousider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FREE NAVIGATION OF ST. LAWRENCE, ETC.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
llefhed, That white this House docs not admit
any right in the executive treaty-making Dower 01'
the United States to conclude treaties or conventions
with ;mv foreign Governments by which import
duly shall be mutually logulated, it is, however, of
the opinion, and recommends to the President, that
negotiations with the Government ot Great Britain
should be renewed and pressed, it' possible, to a
definite conclusion, regarding the commercial inter-
course and securing to our own citizens the rights
claimed by them in the fisheries on the coasts ot the
Hiitish provinces of America and the free navigation
of the St. Lawience river from its source to the sea.
Mr. SCHliNCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON OBDNANCB.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of adopting the following
resolution:
I!e-,olved by the Home of Representatives. (the Senate
concurring,) That a joint select Committee on Ord-
nance, to consist of three meinbeis of the Senate and
three members ot the Hou o, bo appointed by the
Presiding Otlicers of the two Houses, to continue
during the I'orty-First Congress, with thesame pow-
ers and duties as were conferred upon the select
Committee on Ordnance of the Fortieth Congress,
and to whom all matters yet undisposed of winch
were referred to the Committee on Ordnance ot the
Fortieth Confess shall be referred.
Before calling a vote on my motion to sus-
pend the rules I will yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. KklleY.]
Mr. KELLEY. 1 ask unanimous consent to
introduce a resolution.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I call for the regular
order of business. I thiufc one subject is
enough for the House to consulerat one time.
And theiij on motion of Mr. oOOl?
(at five minutes to four o'clock p. in.,) the
House adjourned.
