HI. CQN" (xRESSIQM AL • fiLOBI.
Marcli 2Bii
■ PETITIONS, fTO.
The following petitions, werg presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
c.ojnmittees:
" By M¥■ AMBLER: A petition for the relief
of Thomas H. Duvall.'
By "Mr. BRADFORD: A petition of the
Denver, Pueblo, and Santa F6 Railroad and
Telegraph Company..
Afspi articles of .association of the Denver,
Pueoto, ^oa"Santa Fe Railroad and Telegraph
Company,
Also, a memorial from the city council of
Cehttal Qity, in Colorado Territory.
By ^.'CESSNA: The petition and proof
of Elizabeth Marshall, of Bedford county,
P'#ngylvauia, praying for a pension.
j£Iso, tEg'petition of A. J. Wightman and
90 others,' of Franklin county, Pennsylvania,
asking for an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States so as to recognize Almighty
God as "the source of all power in civil govern-
ment, &c.
By Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin : The petition
of William Clarno, of Monroe, Wisconsin, and
other honorably discharged soldiers of the
Union Army, in relation to artificial limbs.
By Mr. DAWES : The petition of Margaret
Miller, for a pension.
By Mr. FERRISS: The petition of Bruce &
Cook, for the restoration of $2,174 82, for
excess of duties paid.
"By Mr. FOX: A preamble and resolutions
of the New York Produce Exchange, in rela-
tion to changes in the bankrupt law.
By Mr. HO AG: The petition of John S.
Eountz and 5 others, crippled soldiers of To-
ledo, Ohio, and indorsed by 550 citizens of
the same place, asking Congress to make pro-
vison for furnishing artificial limbs for soldiers
and sailors of the war who need them, at least
once in each five years, and that the manu-
facturing of such limbs be left open to com-
petition.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of G. H.
Itendrick, of Scott county, Virginia, praying
for the removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey: A petition
of the president and directors of the Camden
and Atlantic Railroad Company, setting forth
that the light house at Atlantic City, New Jer-
sey, is now in danger of being undermined and
destroyed by the encroachment of the sea, and
therefore praying that for the benefit of com-
merce s.n<j the protection and safety of prop-
erly and life steps may be promptly taken to
prevent the loss of this light-house, the con-
tinuaticeand preservation of which isdemanded
by every consideration of the public interest
and by the principles of humanity.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of soldiers
of 1812, with their signatures and ages attached,
asking for an extension of bounty to them.
By Mr. READING : A petition of soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, praying that
the survivors and the widows of such as are
dead be placed on the pension-roll of the
United States.
By Mr. SMITH, of Oregon: A petition
of 2,350 citizens of the State of Oregon, pray-
ing for an extension of time for filing assent
to the provisions of the act of Congress donat-
ing land for constructing a railroad and tele-
graph linefrom Portland, Oregon, to the south-
ern boundary of the State of Oregon.
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: The petition of
John Kinparts, Anne A. Boyd, and 62 others,
of Mechanicsville, Iowa, asking that the pre-
amble of the Constitution of the United States
be so amended that itshall " humblyacknowl-
edge Almighty God as the source of all author-
ity and power in civil government, the Lord
Jesus Christ as the Ruler among the nations,
and His revealed will as of supreme authority in
order to constitnte a Christian Government,"
and such other changes in the body of the
Constitution as may be necessary to give effect
to the same.
Also, the petition of J. K. Baxter, post-
master at Moscow, Iowa, asking for relief on
stjfeaunt of the robbery of his post office.
By Mr. TOWNSJEND: The petition of
James St. John, for a bounty and pension.
By Mr. WARD : A resolution of the New
York Chamber of Commerce, in favor of the
passage of the act forbidding secret sales of
gold and of Government bonds.
By " Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts :
Papers in reference to the claim of J. E.
Clark and John T. Peabody.
' By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin : A
petition of the Lake Flambeau band of Chip-
pewa Indians, asking an appropriation.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
Isaac W. Clinger, a wounded soldier of Gallia
county, Ohio, and 85 others, citizens of said
county, praying for the passage of a law by
which soldiers having lost a leg in the service
of the United States and in the line of duty
may be entitled to receive an artificial leg once
in every five years, &c.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 23, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
election of president pro tempore.
The SECRETARY (George C. Gorham,
esq.) called the Senate to order, and said : I
am requested to lay before the Senate the fol-
lowing communication:
"Washington, March 22, 1869.
To the Secretary of the Senate :
Bear Sir: Pleaseinform the Senate at its meeting
to-morrow that I shall be absent from the city for a
few days."
Respectfully, yours,
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Secretary, I send to
the desk a resolution on which I ask the im-
mediate action of the Senate.
The SECRETARY. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers the following resolution :
Resolved. That in the absence of the "Vico President
Hon. Henky B. Anthony, of the State of Rhode
Island, be, and he is hereby, chosen President of the
Senate pro tempore.
The question being put, the resolution was
unanimously agreed to.
The SECRETARY. Senator Anthony will
please take the chair.
Mr. ANTHONY (on taking the chair as
President^™tempore) said: Senators, I thank
you for this distinguished mark of your confi-
dence and favor. I will endeavor to the best
of my ability to discharge the duties which you
impose upon me—duties which would be quite
too difficult for my undertaking did 1 not
know how they will be lightened by the tradi-
tional forbearance, courtesy, and dignity of
the august body over whose deliberations it is
your pleasure that I temporarily preside. The
Secretary will now read the Journal of yes-
terday.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Journal is read
I submit the following motion, which should be
acted upon at once:
Ordered, That tho Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United State-" and inform him that in
the absence of the Vice President the Senate has
chosen Hon. Henby B. Anthony, a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, President pro tempore ;
and that lie make a similar communication to the
House of Representatives.
The order was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an appropriation by
Congress to pay for the services of Mr. Harvey
D. Scott, of Terre Haute, Indiana, who was
appointed a commissioner to examine and re-
port on ten miles of the Southern Minnesota
railroad, and also upon ten miles of the Min-
nesota Valley railroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Afpropi-iations.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Henry Fisher, of Wisconsin, praying for a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SPRAGUE. - I present a petition to
Congress for woman suffrage, in these words:
To the Senate and House of Representatives '
in Congress assembled .*
The undersigned, citizens of RhodeTsland, respect-
fully but earnestly request that in any change or
amendment of the Constitution in which you may
propose to extend or regulate suffrage there shall be
no distinction made between men and women.
It is my deliberate judgment, Mr. President,
that the voters among the American people
have less to do with their Government, with
its management, than any other people in the
world. Therefore I cannot see any particu-
lar disadvantage growing out of granting the
prayer of the petitioners.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States as will fully recognize the obligations
of the Christian religion; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of John C.
Easton, of Texas, praying to be relieved from
political disabilities ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of F.
W. Harris, of Texas, praying for the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of J.
L. Brown, of Lynchburg, Virginia, praying to
be relieved from political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BORE MAN presented the petition of
Charles C. Tompkins, of Virginia, praying
relief from his disabilities resulting from par-
ticipation in the rebellion; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Bruce & Cook, praying for the restoration of
$2,174 82, excess of duties paid by them;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying for an increase
of pension to John Rouse; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THAYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying that
Congress will take measures to secure the free
and unobstructed use of the streets and ave-
nues leading to the Capitol; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of George S.
Wright, administrator of the estate of John T.
Wright, deceased, praying compensation for
the loss of the steamers America and Cincin-
nati while in the service of the United States ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of James
P. Hambleton, of Georgia, praying to be re-
lieved from his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Lewis Downing, principal chief of the Chero-
kee nation, remonstrating against the settling
of various Indians on the Cherokee domain
west of the ninety-sixth degree of west longi-
tude; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of the
National Union of Bricklayers of the United
States, praying for a charter of incorporation;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Pisk Mills, on the
files of (lie Senate, he rclerred to the Cammittoo on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
