1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. WAKNER, it was
"Ordered, That the petition of Christian Hansen
be taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Ou motion of Mr. ROSS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Ross, chief of
the Cherokee nation of Indians, be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON", from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution (S. E.
No. 40) authorizing the Secretary of War to
take charge of the Gettysburg and Antietam
national cemeteries ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. E. No. 23)
for setting apart a portion of the Fort Snelling
military reservation for a permanent military
post, and the settlement of all claims in rela
tion thereto, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Puhlic Lands, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 15) giving construction
to the acts of Congress granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to aid in building railroads,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
116) to allow deputy collectors and assessors
of internalrevenue, acting asassessors, the pay
of collectors and assessors, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
national banking law.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a bill (S. No. 190) toarnend
an act entitled "An act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864,
by extending certain penalties to accessaries ;
which was read by its title, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that the bill be read
at length.
The bill was read. It provides that every
person who shall aid or abet any officer or
agent of any association in doing any of the
acts enumerated-in section fifty-jive of the act
of Congress approved June 3, 1864,with intent
to defraud or deceive, shall be liable to the
same punishment therein provided for the prin-
cipal.
Mr. MORRILL. This is precisely the same
act that we passed at the last session ; but there
being two acts of Congress on the statute-
book, one in 1863 and one in 1864, of the same
title, the bill we passed at the last session acci-
dentally referred to the wrong section. There-
fore I ask for the present consideration of this
bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the W hole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
prepayment of interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance have directed me to report a bill which
I ask to have read in full.
The bill (S. No. 191) to authorize the pre-
payment ot the interest of the public debt was
read twice by its title.
The Chief Clerk read the bill at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, when-
ever he deems it for the public interest, to
prepay the interest of the public debt for a
period not exceeding one year, upon a rebate
of interest, at the rate of six per cent, per
annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury be read ; and
then, if there is no objection, I shall ask that
the bill be put upon its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Treasury Department, March 22,1869.
Sib: The means of the Government are such that
I think it may be desirable to anticipate the pay-
ment of interest upon the public debt. An examina-
tion of the laws does not fully satisfy me that the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to make such
payments. Should Congress concur in the propriety
of the course suggested, I most respectfully ask that
authority maybe given to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in his discretion, to anticipate the payment of
interest on the public debt for a period not exceed-
ing six months, upon a rebate of interest, at the rate
of six per cent, per annum,
I am, i ery respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John Sherman, Chairman of Committee on
Finance, United States Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
this bill? The Chairs hears none. Itisbefore
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
why the Secretary of the Treasury prefers to
do this rather than to comply with the law in
regard to the sinking fund !
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I am
authorized or prepared to go into any state-
ment on that subject. My conversation with
the Secretary was rather of a general charac-
ter ; but he thought this would be a matter
that everybody would assent to ; that if we
could save six per cent, in gold by prepaying
a portion of the interest which must be paid in
a year we had better do it. As to restoring
the sinking fund, I have no doubt that it will
be done in some form. There is a difficulty
in establishing a sinking fund. Many people
are opposed to any sinking fund. They think
it all wrong.
Mr. GRIMES. Many people may be op-
posed to it, but Congress is not. When we
authorized the debt to be created we declared
that there should be a sinking fund. That
fund exists only upon the statute. When the
Secretary of the Treasury sends us down here
a bill and asks us to pass it in the morning
hour he ought to give us some statement jus-
tifying its passage, it seems to me. The law
authorizes him now to buy the bonds of the
United States. Where should we save any
money by paying the interest in advance over
buying up the bonds of the United States and
putting them into the sinking fund?
Mr. SHERMAN. He is authorized by law
to buy the bonds of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly.
Mr. SHERMAN. And he probably will do
so ; but in the mean time there can be no objec-
tion to his prepaying the interest, if he can
thereby save six per cent, in gold. I supposed
no one would object to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to it,
certainly ; it is all right enough ; but I would
inquire of the chairman whether he has the
slightest doubt in the world that the Secretary
has the authority to do it without any law?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
jrom Maine that I told the Secretary I thought
the greater included the less, and that if he had
a right to buy up bonds he had a right to buy
coupons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But suppose he had
not expressly, here is certain coin in the Treas-
ury which is needed for the purpose of paying
interest which will be due, say three months
hence. If the holders of the coupons are
willing to receive the coin now, with the proper
deduction for the time anticipated, why not use
it to pay them? I should not hesitate to do it
without any special authority.
Mr. SHERMAN. In his letter he says he
has doubts about his legal authority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the proposition. I wished simply to state that
I thought he had perfect power and authority
to do it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to see
him careful in cxercising authority and rather
unwilling to assume authority than to take it
without" consulting Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a. thiril reading, read tEl
third time, and passed.
BUILDINGS AT FORT TOTTKN.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. li. No. 33) relating'to
Government buildings at Fort Totten, Dakota
Territory, to^report it back withoutamenduaent,
and ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to empower the Secretary of
War to direct the necessary buildings at Fort
Totten, Dakota Territory, to be constructed
of brick, if in his judgment buildings of that
material will not be more expensive than build-
ings of wood, and if no appropriation will be
necessary therefor.
The joint resolution, was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THIRTEENTH TENNESSEE CAVALRY.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred ihe bill (S. No. 38) to remove the
charge of desertion from certain soldiers of the
thirteenth Tennessee cavalry, to report it back
favorably, and ask for its favorable considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of War to remove
the charge of desertion or absence without
leave from the following-named soldiers of
the thirteenth Tennessee cavalry : Company
C—-Joseph Ward, Wilson Young, John P.
Davis, Patterson Green, Marvil Green, Wil-
liam Black, Thomas C. Green, Thomas Poor,
Joseph Buchanan, William Ward, William Pit-
man, Reuben Pitman, George Sizeman. Com-
pany B — Shadraeh Green, William Street,
John Burclitield, Thomas Burchfield, Westley
Wright.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what are the facts on which the committee
base their report in this case ?
Mr. ABBOTT. Instead of stating the case
myself, I will send to the Secretary a state-
ment of the facts, and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The petition of certain soldiers of the thirteenth
Tennessee cavalry volunteers shows that 3aidsoldiers
1 oft their homes in North Carolina during the early
part of the war and scouted through the rebel lines
into the State of Kentucky, a distance of three h uo-
dred and fifty m'<les from their homes, and enlisted
in the thirteenth Tennessee cavalry volunteers, Uni-
ted States Army. That in the tail of 18(53 the com-
mand to which they belonged moved into upper East
Tennessee, adjacent to the homes of these soldiers.
They having been absent from their homes for over
two years were given a verbal leave of absence by
their officers lor a day or two. during which time the
command they were attached to were forced back
by the enemy upon Ivnoxville, a distance ot one hun-
dred and forty miles, leaving the said soldiers within
tho enemy's lines, where the said soldiers a.t once
commenced scouting their way back to their com-
mands at Knoxville, and m their efforts some were
captured by the enemy and sent to the rebel prison
pens, and the rest reached their commands after
scouting through rebel guerrillas and pickets for
several weeks. White the said soldiers were thus
absent from their commands they were borne upon
their company rolls as deserters. They therefore
pray Congress to remove the stigma of desertion from
their names.
These facts are proven by the affidavit of Lieuten-
ant George W. Franklin, of thesame regiment, wlio
was cut off with said soldiers.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
TENURE-OE-OM'ICE LAW.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 3) repealing an act to regulate the tenure
of certain civil offices be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with the pending
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FR031 THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the resolution of
