THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 22,y
tji,e House for the appointment of a joint Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
The message farther announced that the
House had passed the following Bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate :
A hill (H. R.-No. 237) to abolish the office
of chief of staff to the General of the Array ;
A bill (H. R. No. 238) relating to retired
officers of the Army ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) concern-
ing vacancies in the adjutant general's depart-
ment f
-A joint.resolution (H. R. No. 40) granting
the right of way to the Memphis. El Paso, and
Pacific Railroad Company from El Paso to the
Pafaifie ocean ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 44) to author-
ize works of art intended for free exhibition
to be introduced into the United States without
payment of duty.
bills introduced.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 192) to equalize and define the rights of
all persons who own lots in the Oak Hill cem-
etery, District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 193) for the relief of Henry A. Messenger;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
eonsent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 42) respecting the pay
of enlisted men of the Army; .which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the resolution be read
at length.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which provides that the pay and allowances of
the enlisted men of the Army shall remain as
now fixed by law until the 30th of June, 1871.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the object of
that?
Mr. WILSON. The pay of the enlisted men
of the Army is now sixteen dollars per month.
After a few months, in August next, it will be
reduced to eleven dollars, and it is proposed to
continue t-he pay at the present rate for two
years longer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why?
Mr. WILSON. I move to refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 43) to refer the claim of the
administrator of the estate of Captain John
Davis, deceased, to the Courtof Claims ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SCOTT. I introduce this resolution at
the request of a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives ; and finding that it proposes to
exempt the claim from the general statute of
• limitations I move to refer the resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
mail service to alaska.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
I ost Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency ot providing for a regular conveyance of the
m' ,, between Portland, Oregon, and tlie territoiy
of Alaska.
donation op a school building.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution of which no notice has
been 31 ven, and as it is desirable that it should
be passed promptly, and it passed the Senate
without opposition last session, I ask unani-
mous consent to have it considered at this
time.
_ There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (S. . R. No. 41) donating to the public
schools"of Washington, District of Co!um!>i .,
the frame building located at the southeast
corner of Twenty-second street west and I
street north, in said city, was read three times
and passed. It donates to the city of Wash-
ington for the use of the public schools of that
city the frame building in the possession of
the 3?reedmen's Bareau, located 011 the south-
east corner of Twenty second street west and
I street north, and the Commissioner of the
bureau is directed to turn over the building to
the mayor of Washington for the purpose
stated, the transfer to take effect from Decem-
ber 1, 1868.
committee-llooms.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Ioffer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and (grounds be authorized generally to provide and
reassign the committee-rooms of the Senate from
time to time as occasion may require,
There being 110 objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. DRAKE. I will inquire whether, under
the resolution, it would be considered that the
committee would have the right to put two
committees into the same room where circum-
stances would justify it? There are commit-
tees that have 110 rooms, and there are com-
mittees that have rooms without business. !
Mr. ROBERTSON. Some of them have \
two roomy,
Mr. DRAKE. And some of them have two
rooms. I do not wish to say anything against
the passage of the resolution, but I wish it to
include a full power to provide rooms for com-
mittees even if it is necessary to put two
committees into one room, or to restrict a com-
mittee having two rooms to one room. That
is the point 1 wish to inquire about, and I sup-
pose that the honorable chairman of that com-
mittee can probably give me the information.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe the Senate is in
the condition of the lady who had more guests
than chairs. We have got rather more com-
mittees than we have rooms, and I suppose it
will be indispensable, perhaps with the consent
of some chairman of some other committees,
that two committees shall occupy one room.
There is an opportunity, I believe at a very
small expense, for constructing one or two
more rooms in the lower part of the building,
and 1 do not know but some of the dark rooms
can be fixed up so as to be occupied for the
stationery, and remove the stationery down
there ; but that would be perhaps a little in-
convenient to Senators. Lkave not fully invest-
igated the matter, but I know there is a great
pressure for rooms.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands have two rooms, and I have twice ten-
dered, so far as I had the power to do so—I
suppose I have not got any power in the mat-
ter—the use of one of those rooms. I have
twice said that one of the rooms occupied by
the Committee 011 Public Lands, so far as I
was concerned, was entirely at the disposal of
any other committee.
_ Mr. DRAKE. The Committee on Educa-
tion would like to take it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I
have any power over it; but there are two
rooms there, and I can very well get along
with one.
Mr.. ROBERTSON. The Committee on
Disabilities would like to take it also.
Mr. POMEROY. I have twice made this
offer.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that this whole thing may be
remedied by building another wing to the
Capitol. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOiiRILL. I have no doubt it could
be. but I think it can be remedied without any
difficulty by mutual agreement on the part of
Senators.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think the resolution
that I have offered covers the whole ground.
There are, in my opinion, rooms enough for
all the committees. Several of the commit-
tees have two rooms. The chairman.of one
of the committees told me that he was willing
to give up one of the rooms occupied by his
committee whenever the balance of the com-
mittee would agree to it; but I must call on
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds to assign me that room.
That is the object of the resolution, that a
room be assigned. The resolution covers the
whole ground.
The resolution was adopted.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
signed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 21) au-
thorizing the removal of the public gtables,
steam saw-mill, and other buildings from the
Capitol grounds.
house bills referred.
The following bills from tbe House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 237) to abolish the office
of chief of staff to the General of the Army ;
A bill (H. R. No. 238) relating to retired
officers of the Army ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) concern-
ing vacancies in the adjutant general's depart-
ment.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 44) to author-
ize works of art intended for free exhibition to
be introduced into the United States >vithout
payment of duty was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 40) granting
the right of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific Railroad Company, from El Paso to
the Pacific ocean, was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. That joint resolution has
been before the Senate, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and hus been consid-
ered by that committee. It has passed the
House, and I ask that it lie on the table for
the present, and that it may be considered
without going back to the committee. I believe
that meets the approbation of the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. The same bill is before
the Committee on Public Lands. They have
not reported Jt. I have no objection to this
lying on the table.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to that disposition
of it.
ThePRESIDENTproiemporfi. Themotion
is to lay the joint resolution on the table. It
is not debatable.
Mr. DRAKE. I move that the joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee ou the
Pacific Railroad.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
to lie on the table is first in order and must be
decided without debate. The question is on
the motion to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
new orleans and chattanooga railroad.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 22.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the title be read.
The Chief Clehk. "A bill (S. No. 22) to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed
westward from the city of New Orleans, a post
road, and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill:
but was interrupted by
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to know how
this bill is before the Senate.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By vote of
the Senate. The Chair called for resolutions ;
and none being offered, the Senator from Min-
nesota submitted a motion to take up the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Is it too late to object to
its consideration ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is too
late to object now.
