THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
a Targe number of hew offices, the increase df
the expenses of the judiciary of the United
States at the very least of $100,000, if not
$20(1,000, this bill involving these changes,
involving a total and radical change of the
.whole system, which we may never be able to
get rid of after it is once adopted, calls, in my
opinion,- upon the Senate for the gravest and
most mature deliberation, not to pass it in the
Senate here under the pressure of a short ses
sion when we have not time to consider it. If
1 can arrest the attention of the Senate to this
matter so as to lead to eitherone of two results,
either to.the adoption of the amendment which
I have, proposed or to the striking out of the
pending.bill all that relates to the inferior ju-
diciary, I shall have done the country a service,
for I am satisfied in my own mind that the
plan offered by the committee is not a wise and
judicious one-
Mr. TItOMBULL. I should hardly con-
sider it necessary to say anything in reply to
the Senator from Missouri were it not that the
Senate hag somewhat changed since this sub-
ject was last under consideration. At the last
session of Congress the bill as recommended
by the Committee on the Judiciary at the pres-
ent session passed this body, and also the other
House of Congress, and was laid before the
President of the United States, but for reasons
known only to himself, or at least not commu-
nicated to me, the President did not think
proper to approve Ihe bill, and it being laid
before him within less than ten days of the
adjournment of Congress it failed to become
a .law by reason of this non-approval of the
President It is one of the subjects which it
was thought important should be acted on at
the present session of Congress.
The reasons for the passage of this bill were
briefly stated by me when it was under con-
sideration at the former Congress, and they
are these: the Supreme Court of the United
States is overloaded with business, so much so
that a cause taken to that court is not reached
in its regular order under two or three years,
and this in many instances amcunts to a denial
of justice. The district courts throughout the
United States are also overloaded with busi-
ness. In Kentucky, in Tennessee, in Louisi-
ana, and various other States there is <i pres-
sure for division of districts and the creation
of more districts. And I say to the Senator
from Missouri that it will save nothing in the
way of expense by refusing to pass the bill
which has been reported by the committee,
because it is inevitable that we must furnish
additional judicial force in some way, and I
think he will find no cheaper way to accom-
plish the object than the one proposed by the
committee.
It was important also, or supposed to be by
many, that we should have circuit courts held
throughout the reconstructed States of the
South and those still unreconstructed by a cir-
cuit judge, who should go from State to State
and from district to district administering and
enforcing the laws of the United States. Per-
haps nothing would do more to give quiet and
peace to the southern country than an eflioient
enforcement of the laws of the United States in
the United States courts. That cannot be done
and is not done by the district courts as at
present organized. But it was thought and
believed that by putting into each circuit a
circuit judge who should have no other duties
to perform than to hold circuit courts in con-
nection with district judges who are also to
hold circuit courts—for this bill as it is reported
does not excuse district judges from holding
circuit courts as they now do, but leaves them
to hold circuit courts and gives the additional
assistance of a judge who will have nothing
else to do but to attend to circuit court duties
throughout the circuit—it was thought that in
this way the districts overloaded with business
might be somewhat relieved, and that the Su-
preme Court of the United States would be
relieved also by the provision which only makes
it.the duly of the justices of that court, as often
as once in two years, to go into the different
districts of the United States. Insomuch as
they are relieved from performing circuit du-
ties they will have the more time to attend to
their duties in the Supreme Court of the United
States.
The bill, as proposed, also adds one justice
to thg Supreme Court. The United States at
present are divided into nine judicial circuits,
but by a law passed some few years ago it was
declared that as vacancies occurred upon the
bench of the Supreme Court they should not
be filled until the number was reduced to six
associate justices and one Chief Justice, making
seven. The bench has not yet been reduced to
that number. It now consists of seven asso-
ciate justices and the Chief Justice, making
eight judges. This bill provides for adding one,
so that there will be a justice of the Supreme
Court assigned to each circuit in the United
States. The vacancy which exists is in the
circuit formerly presided over by Mr. Justice
Wayne, who died some few years since.
The bill is very simple in its provisions. I
believe I have stated the effect of it. There
are many other provisions in regard to the
judicial system which it would be desirable to
enact into a law, but it was thought by the
committee that the simpler we could make this
bill the better, and we could supply the other
defects afterward. It leaves the judicial system
of the United States just as we found it. It
simply gives additional force upon the circuit
courts throughout the United States and places
one more justice upon the Supreme bench,
which does not interfere with the existing or-
der of things. The profession throughout the
United States understand the courts as they
are now organized and the mode of proceeding
in the various courts, and the bill that we have
reported does not interfere with it. It is sim-
ple, and understood by a bare statement of it.
Now, the Senator from Missouri has intro-
duced a very long, and, in many respects, a
very excellent amendment to this bill, made
up in part from a bill which passed this body
some two or three years ago and failed in the
House of Representatives. I supported that
bill at that time and was sorry it was not
enacted into a law. But we had this proposi-
tion before us in committee, not in the precise
shape in which the Senator from Missouri now
introduces it, but substantially the same thing,
providing for an intermediate court between
the circuit court and the Supreme Court of
the United States, which the Senator calls a
circuit court, inasmuch as he abolishes the
present circuit court by hisbill and devolves its
duties upon the district court. That is a change
of name merely. The circuit court duties,
under the amendment, are to be performed by
district judges, and this intermediate court,
which was called, I think, in the bill that form-
erly passed this branch of Congress, a court
of appeals, the Senator from Missouri calls a
circuit court. Of course there is nothing in
that. But the provisions of his bill are for
an intermediate court in each circuit of the
United States, to be composed of the justice
of the Supreme Court assigned to that circuit
and the judges of all the district courts in the
same circuit, and they are to have jurisdiction
in cases of appeals from the jurisdiction now
exercised by what are known as the circuit
courts, and the Supreme Court of the United
States is then to have jurisdiction by appeal
from this intermediate court only, as I under-
stand it, though the bill and the details of it
are somewhat defective as the Senator from
Missouri would see if he were to more care-
fully examine it. He has provided by section
eleven of hisbill—
That no suit shall be taken from a court of the
United States to the Supreme Court other than those
mentioned in section five oftbisaet, norin any man-
ner other than as therein provided for.
If he will look back to section five of the
act he will observe it does not provide any
manner at all.
Mr. DRAKE. That is because the num-
bering of the sections has been changed. It
refers to the sixth section instead of the fifth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These are defects that
could be corrected. It is not important, how-
ever, to go into the details of this amendment.
It was considered by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and it was thought better to adhere
to the bill as it was reported, to the Senate and
as we passed it at the last session of the Stenate
and as it was then passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives also. I shall not take up time in
going into the details of this amendment which
the Senator from Missouri has offered. It has
not been considered in committee. It has a
great many details, and manifestly, if this is
to be considered, we cannot pass it at the pres-
ent session of Congress. It provides the places
of holding courts. There would be a contro-
versy about that. It raises the salaries of judges
throughout the United States. There would be
a controversy about that. There arc various
provisions in it that would have to be changed
to make the bill harmonize with existing laws
which I do not propose at this time to go into.
I trust that the Senate will adhere to the bill
as we passed it at a former session of Con-
gress.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I made
no objection to this bill at the last session of
Congress, although I did not feel fully satisfied
with the plan proposed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and the more I have reflected upon it
the less satisfied I have become with this
plan of amending or improving the judiciary
of the United States. I do not propose to
advocate the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Missouri, because I think that
any amendment of that kind ought to be care-
fully considered by a committee before it is
acted upon by the Senate; but I suggest to
the Senate whether or not this bill had not
better be postponed until the first Monday of
next December, So that the different plans that
may be proposed can be carefully considered
and compared with each other and an agree-
ment made as to the best plan to be adopted.
This report of the Judiciary Committee will
be before the country. It will be before the
lawyers and judges of the country. They can
consider it, and they can make suggestions
derived from practical experience which will
be of value to Congress in the consideration
of this subjcct. In amending the judiciary
system of the United States it is necessary, it
seems to me. to proceed with great delibera-
tion, for the reason that whenever we do agree
to any amendment the system which that
amendment establishes is fastened upon the
country and is entirely beyond our reach.
It is argued in support of this bill that it is
necessary to relieve the Supreme Court of the
United States, as they are at this time overbnr
dened with business. I agree that it is neces-
sary that the Supreme Court should have some
relief or that the country should have"relief in
some way by a law that will expedite the trans-
action of business before that tribunal; but I
do not find in this bill any assurance that the
business of the Supreme Court will be dis-
patched with more rapidity than it is at the
present time. What particular proposition of
this bill provides for the more speedy transac-
tion of business before the Supreme Court than
the law provides for at this time? It provides
for circuit judges ; but the Supreme Court is
left as it is now organized, to transact such
amount of business as they may think proper
or as they may be enabled to transact. One
judge is added, making nine judges in all; but
it is left to the Supreme Court to determine as
to how long they will hold court, as to when
they will hold court, as to how much business
they can or will transact; a,nd I do not find
in this bill any remedy for this evil.
I do not understand that there is as much
necessity for legislation on this subject, so far
as the districts or circuits are concerned, as
there is as to the Supreme Court; because the
district judges at this timeean perform circuit
court duty, and they are able in most districts
to transact all the business. But there is an
accumulation of business in the Supreme Court
of the United States to such an extent that now
