1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it is two or three years after a cage is taken to
that court before it can be reached upon the
docket, and it amounts to a delay if not to a
denial of justice.
Now. sir, 1 have a plan which has occurred
to me that is preferable, in my judgment, to
the one reported by the committee. Instead
of creating nine judicial circuits, or instead of
authorizing the appointment of nine circuit
judges, 1 would double the number of the su-
preme judges of the United States, making
them eighteen'; and I would provide that the
Supreme Court of the United States should
be held by nine of those judges, and that the
nine others should be engaged in the perform-
ance of circuit duty; so that there could be a
Supreme Court of the United States consist-
ing of nine judges in session all the time, and
there could be an equal number of supreme
judges attending to circuit court duties all the
time; so that the different districts or circuits
of the country would be relieved in that way
quite us well, if not better, than they will be
if this bill be adopted.
The difficulty about this bill is that it will
separate the district and circuit courts from
the Supreme Court. True, the bill provides
that each supreme judge shall once within two
years attend a term of the circuit court in each
district within his circuit; but that is a mere
formal matter. The practical effect of this
bill will be to isolate the Supreme Court and
the judges of that court altogether from the
practice in the diiferent circuits of the Uniied
States. I think that is an objection to this
system. It' there were eighteen Supreme Court
judges, nine of them pert'otmiug duties in the
Supreme Couil, and nine upon the circuits, it
might be provided that they should be divided
into classes so that every year three judges
upon the Supreme bench should go upon cir-
cuit and three of the judges upon cii euit should
go upon the bench, so that every year there
should be a change of three judges ; three of
ihe judges who had been for the prior year
performing circuit court duties going upon the
Supreme bench to remain three years, and
three of the other of the judges going oft' to
perform circuit duty. This classification of
the judges, it seems to me, would enable the
Supreme Court 'to keep up its acquaintance
with the practice in the circuits, with the law-
yers of the country, with the laws and the local
usages of the different portions of the country.
But, sir. if you pass a law that in effect isolates
the Supreme Court of the United States from
the districts and the circuits, if you make it a
tribunal here where the judges are to remain
and stay, and not make acquaintance with the
lawyers and litigants within the different cir-
cuits, it will become a fossilized institution,
and the judges will know nothing about the
business of the circuits except what is derived
from the records which are brought before
them. I think it is extremely desirable that
an intimate relation between the Supreme
Court and the circuits should be maintained,
and that every supremo judge should have
more or less experience upon a circuit which
will enable him when he proceeds upon the
Sups ems bench to adjudge cases in accordance
with the practice, the usages, and the laws
which prevail in the different circuits of the
United Slates. Tf the number of the judges
of the Supreme Court was to be doubled, ami
this plan which I have suggested was adopted,
the court would be reorganized ; it would be
reiuvigorated ; and this rotation of judges from
the circuit to the Supreme bench and back
from the Supreme bench to the circuits would
infuse into that court all the practical knowl-
edge and experience which might be derived
from presiding upon the circuits.
I am apprehensive that this bill will produce
this effect, and 1 understand that the judges
themselves do not desire t.o occupy that posi-
tion. 1 have heard but one objection made to
the pian which 1 have suggested, and that is
that it might produce inconsistency in the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court; but that, it see v. a
to me, is a trifling objection, for if it would
41 rt Cong. IrtSess. —-No H-
apply in such a case it would apply to all the
courts throughout the United States where they
have an elective judiciary. According to this
argument it is necessary that the judges should
hold their offices for life in order to maintain
the consistency of the decisions of the courts ;
but that is not the doctrine of this country, and
there are none of the courts, I believe, except
ing the Federal courts, where the judges hold
their officesduringthcirnatnral lives, no courts
where changes in the judges are not frequently
made; and 1 do not know that the character
of the State tribunals suffers in consequence
of these changes in the judges, but it is some-
times an advantage that, men who have been
long in the practice and who are not governed
by theories altogether should take upon the
bench some practical knowledge of the law
and administer it according to the knowledge
which they have acquired by a long profes-
sional experience, and I am inclined to think
that the State courts are improved rather than
damaged by these changes in the judges. It
might not be of any great injury to the country
if there should be some inconsistency in the
decisions of the Supreme Court, for there have
been decisions made by that court which have
subsequently been modified and even reversed
by the same tribunal, and this connection
between the circuits and the Supreme Court
would not, as it seems to rae, be objectionable
upon that ground.
To give Congress an opportunity to consider
these different plans — and 1 have briefly
sketched the one which seems to me to lie
preferable to any other—and iti view of the fact
that this plan, if once adopted, is unchange-
able, is fixed upon the country; that there will
be no opportunity hereafter to reorganize the
Supreme Court in any way at all, it seems to
me that it is desirable that this whole business
should be continued until the next session, when
all the different propositions and plans can be
carefully and deliberately considered, and we
can fix upon some system not with a view of the
present exigencies, not with a view of accom-
modating a supposed evil that is said now to
exist in particular States of the Union, where
they happen to have a superannuated district
judge, or to accommodate some other local evil,
but to fix upon a system that will do for the coun-
try through all future time, that will answer as a
permanent judicial system of the UnitedStates ;
and if we pass tins bill now without the con-
sideration to winch it is entitled at the closing
hours of this s<\--ion we may hereafter see
occasion to regret our action, and if we do,
there is no lemedy left in our hands. I move
to postpone the further consideration of tins
bill until the first Monday m December next.
The PRESIDED f pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tiie motion to postpone made by the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. SAWYER. "Mr. President, I hope the
motion of the honorable Senator from Oregon
will not prevail. I do not propose to say that
this is the best bill which can be matured for
the purpose that is desired to be accomplished;
but I do believe that something should be done
to relieve the country of the necessities which
exist in relation to the courts of the Uniied
States. The same objections winch obtain to-
day to passing this bill will obtain next Decem-
ber to passing any other. The same want of
tune and want of consideration will be urged
at the close of the next session of Congress;
and I do not agree with the honorable Senator
from Oregon that the chief or ihe only object
to be attained by the passage of this bill is the
relief of the Supreme Court. The business
of the United States courts in the section of
country from which I come is so enormous in
quantity that there is no hope under the pres-
ent system of clearing the docket, I have
before me at this moment a letter just received,
in which a client complains that he has been
trying in a district court of the United States
to get a trial of a cause for three years and
has not got a showing for a trial yet; aud there
is no probability that he will get a trial for a
year henee unless some bill like this be passed.
The condition in which the courts are now is
practically a denial of justice to the people of
the South. While I do not presume to say that
this bill is the best bill lhat could be devised,
nor to say that I am competent to give an opin-
ion upon that question, I say that the wants
of the country in this regard are very great
and will scarcely admit of delaying a remedy
until the next session of Congress, when we
know that a delay until the next session of
Congress will be a delay until the close ot the
next session, that a bill of this kind will be
debated whenever it comes up. It seems to
me that some bill ought to be matured and
passed at this session to give the relief that is
desired.
I trust, therefore, the motion of the Senator
from Oregon will not prevail, but that the bill
which the Judiciary Committee, after a careful
consideration atthe last session of Congress, re-
ported oil favorably, and which failed to receive
the signature of the President after having
passed both Houses of Congress, will be passed
at this session; and then, if at a future time
it is desired to reorganize the Supremo Court
of the United States, I cannot sec why it will
not be competent for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to do it then as well as now. Imme-
diate relief is what our sectioh of the country
requires and demands.
Mr. DRAKE. Will you get it from this bill?
Mr. SAWYER. We think we shall get it
fiom this bill. Wiser men than I am in this
particular say we shall get it from this bill.
1 do not say that it is the best bill we can
have; but I can see in it features which will
relieve to a very large extent that section of
the country which I represent; and it seems
to me that the fourth section, which prescribes
that a Supreme Court judge shall hold at least
one term of the circuit court in each district
in his circuit during every period of two years,
will bring the Supreme Court in contact with
the litigants and the bar in the various circuits.
I am not tenacious at all what bill is passed
provided it meets the pressing wants of tho
country ; but that some bill should be passed
here 1 know that the people of our section
expect, that the bar generally in our section
of the country desire it and think it necessary,
aud think its delay or postponement will be a
very serious evil.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am aware
that this is a very difficult subject to legislate
upon. It lias been before the Committee on
the Judiciary ever since I have had the honor
of being a member of that committee, and we
have examined a very great variety of plans
ami schemes, some of them quite meritorious.
As has been before stated, a plan entirely sim-
ilar to the amendment of the .Senator trom
Missouri was reported and passed through this
body some years ago. We had the proposition
substantially as he has presented it before the
committee at that time, and also several other
bills drawn by other district judges, and we
had letters from a great many eminent lawyers
and judges. There was a plan which received
some favor at the commencement of this ses-
sion, to increase the number of Supreme Court
judges, which was also considered by the com-
mittee. That plan was much more radical
than this. This is in entire conformity with the
existing state of things. It adds to the judicial
foice of the country without changing in any
essential particular the system that the people
are accustomed to. The plan tor increasing
the nurnberof Supreme Court judges and send-
ing part of them into the circuits has one very
serious objection. It is proposed to select them
by lot, and whether you select them in that
, way or in any other mode there will be a con-
ii test as to who shall stay and who shall go. • I
I do not propose to discuss the constitutional
j questions involved in that scheme; but the
practical operation of it is sufficient, in my
i estimation, to make us hesitate before adopting
anv such plan. . .
. If yoa have fifteen of eighteen judges upon
;i the Supreme bench, and adopt any plan whe. eby
ii yon send out a portion of them into the car-
