210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
cuits and allow-another portion to constitute
the Supreme Court here, there will be a strug-
gle on the part of the judges as to who shall
stay in the Supreme Court and who shall go
into the circuits. That struggle will be exceed-
ingly unpleasant and prejudicial to the business
of the Supreme Court. The struggle will not
be confined to that tribunal, but it will be
brought here, and.the party in power will be
continually devising means whereby the Su-
preme Court shall be constituted of judges of
the same political complexion that the majority
in Congress may chance to be. These con-
flicts are for all time. The political complexion
of the court will first be ascertained, and then
schemes will be introduced to affect it this way
or that way. For instance, if the senior judges
in commission were sent to the circuits it might
leave a very different Supreme Court here from
that which would be left if the junior judges in
commission were sent out. Such questions
would constantly arise if that plan were adopted.
Then it has been suggested with some force
that it might be a stretch of constitutional
power to say that a justice of the Supreme
Court, after he was made such, should not sit
in that court, but should be sent into the cir-
cuits. These questions will arise, and will lead
to much embarrassment.
The plan proposed by the committee is a
simple one. It provides that the Supreme Court
shall consist of nine judges, the same number
of judges that we have circuits. It provides
also for nine circuit judges, to give an additional
force for the transaction of the circuit court
business throughout the United States. There
is a special need for this, as has been already
stated. In many portions of the United States
we have constant application for the division
of the judicial districts, not because they are
too large, but because the business is not done.
Now, with nine additional circuit judges we
shall have sufficient force to do all the work.
There is a great accumulation of business at
this time. The business has increased much
more rapidly than the population and wealth
of the country in consequence of the legisla-
tion growing out of the war giving additional
jurisdiction to the United States courts, and I
apprehend that all familiar with the subject
will agree with me that particularly in the
southern States wo want additional judicial
force. We want to send there strong, able
men, such as the present Administration, we
believe, will select—men of high character,
who will be respected by the people and the bar
throughout the South. I believe that there is
no measure more essential to reconstruction
than a bill of this kind, or some bill that will
give United States courts to that section of the
country which shall not only be able to do all
the business that is brought before them, but
which shall have judges upon the bench of
such a character as to command the respect
of the people. I think that highly important.
There is no class of officers in this Govern-
ment who do so much to mold public opinion,
to correct public morals, and give us peace in
the country as a strong judiciary. It is the
arm of the Government by which we instruct
the people in the principles of law and justice
and fair dealing and make them fit to govern
themselves. • It is not only for the mere matter
of dealing out private rights, but the courts
of your country are institutions of learning,
through the means of which the Government
teaches to the people the rights of man ; and
"where you have a high and honorable judiciary
you have a bar that will strive to be honorable,
and you will have a people that will be im-
proved constantly. In the South they need a
judiciary of this kind; and the committee, feel-
ing this need, have endeavored to perfect the
best scheme practical that has met with the
most general consent of the bar and of the
bench and of the two Houses of Congress, for
this bill passed at the last session with very
little opposition. It may be that gentlemen
may prefer other schemes; but I apprehend
that there is no other scheme which will not
meet with more opposition than this; and the
importance of legislation on this question, in
the present condition of the South particularly,
is very great. I hope the bill will pass.
It is true there are many provisions in the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souri that would be very good in connection
with this bill. There is much relating to prac-
tice that^might and should be improved; but
if it were ingrafted on this bill it would cause
delay on account of differences of opinion in
regard to that question. I hope we shall not
attempt to legislate in this bill on any question
of practice. Let us put before Congress the
simple proposition of giving to the Supreme
Court a sufficient number of judges to corre-
spond with the circuits as we now have them.
We cannot very well make the circuits larger;
they are now very large. Let the Supreme
Court consist of a sufficient number to corre-
spond with thecircuils, and let us remedy the
present difficulty requiring additional judicial
force by the appointment of circuit judges,
not changing the jurisdiction of the various
courts, but provide judges to hold those courts.
Thus the committee have taken from the bill
all matters of practice, presenting the simple
question whether we will so increase the judi-
cial force of the United States as to supply the
wants of the people, give them an able judi-
ciary with plenty of time to perform the duties
we have imposed on the Federal courts by our
legislation for the last five years, because the
addition is very great in that period.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
listened with very great pleasure and interest
to the remarks that have been made on this
bill, and I appreciate the objections to it sug-
gested by the Senator from Missouri and the
Senator from Oregon. The Senator from Ore-
gon, if I understand him, thinks that the remedy
for the evils under which we suffer is an increase
of the number of judges of the Supreme Court
and a detail of a portion of the members of
that court to perform circuit duties, while the
residue of the judges shall remain at Washing-
ton and decide causes in the Supreme Court;
and he suggests the number of eighteen as the
proper number to constitute the Supreme Court
thus to be divided into sections.
To my apprehension there is one fatal objec-
tion to this scheme. I know of no authority in
Congress to say that less than a majority of all
the judges of the Supreme Court shall be
competent to render a decision ; and whether
those judges be present or whether they be
absent I do not suppose that less than a major-
ity of a quorum of that court can render a de-
cision. If you make the court to consist of
eighteen judges you cannot say, according to
my apprehension, that nine of them may sit as
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
that five of them, a mere fraction of the eight-
een, shall decide in the last resort what is the
law of the land and the Constitution of the land.
While, therefore, I admit the force of the
remarks of the Senatorfrom Oregon, and while
I really think that a court divided into sections,
if our Constitution permitted it, would be the
very best system, while I am inclined to think
that the very best model of a court in the world
is the French court of cassation, consisting of
twenty-four judges divided into three sections,
yet with my understanding of the Constitution
of the United States it is not competent for us
to provide such a system.
Now, sir, a few words in regard to the scheme
of my friend from Missouri. His plan is to
abolish the present circuit courts and devolve
their duties upon the district courts, and in
place of the circuit courts thus abolished to
create one circuit court in each of the nine cir-
cuits of the Unjted States, which shall have
appellate jurisdiction over the district courts
with certain original jurisdiction specified in
his amendment. Some of the circuits now con-
sist, of four or five, and one of them, I believe,
of ; ix States. You propose to have a circuit
com-' for a whole circuit at one place in that
circuit, and to bring people from all the re-
maining States of the circuit to that one ceijtral
place. I say to my friend from Missouri that
it will produce an insurrection, not an armed
insurrection certainly, but an insurrection of
the bar of every locality except that at which
the court may be located. I really would not
like to face that swarm of enraged lawyers who
would assail me if I were to vote to establish
one single circuit court in the circuit in which
I live and to locate that at Cincinnati, in my
own State. I should expect all Michigan to
be down upon me, and certain portions of
Indiana, if that State is in our circuit; and
now that Judge Swayne has been assigned to
hold court almost down to the Gulf, I do not
know what would be the extent of the commo-
tion.
I think it would be extremely hard upon the
people of the States, upon suitors, upon wit-
nesses, upon lawyers, to hold but one circuit
court for a circuit. But there is still another
trouble in respect to this plan. It is not only
that we are to have but one circuit court, but
if the circuit court provided for in the scheme
of my friend from Missouri shall discharge its
duty it will bo in session at least eight months
in the year. It would not discharge its duty
under an eight months' session in a year, and
howis it to be composed? Itis to be composed
of one of the judges of the Supreme Court
and all the district judges within the circuit.
The scheme adds to the duties of the district-
judges by devolving upon them all the circuit
court powers that are now devolved upon the
circuit judges; and then you ask that these
district judges, in addition to that, shall be
constituent parts of this central circuit court.
What time will they have to discharge their
district court duties if they are to constitute
this central circuit court? Or if they are to
abandon their district courts to hold that,what
will become of the district courts? 1 submit
this to the consideration of my friend from
Missouri. I may be under a mistake as to the
effect of his amendment, but this is the way
it strikes me; and it was merely to suggest
these difficulties that I rose.
Mr. DRAKE. I would state for the inform-
ation of the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio that,
the circuit court that is to be held under the
amendment which I propose, if it shall be
adopted, is simply an appellate court, an inter-
mediate appellate court between the district
court, having all the jurisdiction that the cir-
cuit court has heretofore had, and the Supreme
Court. Consequently, being a mere appellate
'court, the time occupied in the decision of
causes brought up from the different district
courts by appeal or writ of error would be but
comparatively short. I think that obviates the
objection which the honorable Senator men-
tioned about the length of time the circuit
court would be in session.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion? The proposed cir-
cuit courts are appellate courts, as he says.
The present circuit courts are appellate courts
also, and yet the circuit court sits in the State
of Ohio three months in each year. It holds
two sessions of six weeks each. It holds two
sessions in the State of Michigan of perhaps a
month each. It holds other sessions. Putting
all the sessions of the circuit court together in
that circuit as now constituted, and it will make
about six months. It is a court of appellate
jurisdiction.
Mr. DRAKE. The honorable Senator from
Ohio is laboring under a mistake of fact there.
The circuit courts now are not merely appel-
late courts. They are courts of very extended
original jurisdiction, which is the matter that,
keeps them in session. The district courts
have certain jurisdiction which the circuit
courts have not in the first instance. From
the judgments of the district courts there lies
an appeal in certain cases to the circuit court;
but while the circuit court hears these appeals,
it also has a very much wider original juris-
diction than the district courts have, and it is
that original jurisdiction of all actions at law
and in equity between certain parties that keeps
the circuit courts in session.
While I am up I will notice some of the
