1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
positions taken here in defense of the amend-
ment of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Gentlemen say that it has been once passed by
Congress, by both Houses, and the attempt is
made to give it prestige by that mere fact. It
is a very remarkable feature of this -circuit
judge system that it has been twice passed
through the two Houses of Congress, once in
1801, if 1 remember aright, -so near the close
of a session of Congress that the judges ap-
pointed under the act were called the mid-
pight judges; and in less than two years after-
ward, if my memory serves me correctly, Con-
gress wiped the act out and put the judges off
the bench. Recently, the second time when
the act was passed, it was in the closing days
of a session of Congress where the accumu-
lation of business upon the Congress was
almost unparalleled; and this is brought up
now as a reason why we should pass again in
the closing hours of a short session of Con-
gress the same thing.
Sir, I object to the whole scheme. I object
to the manr.erin which it is done. I object to
<he time that it was done before. I object to
the time that it is attempted to do it now. If
you pass this committee amendment you are
going to fasten a judicial system on the coun-
try which has once before, after adoption, been
rejected, and which you will reject again.
Sir, I am not insisting so much upon the
adoption of the amendment I propose as upon
the elaboration of a system which shall an-
swer for the country for all time to come, not
one that we shall have to undo ; and to accom-
plish that my position is that we should act
with the most entire deliberation. I am, there-
fore, so far as the inferior courts are concerned,
•involved in the amendment of the committee,
for postponing action upon them until the next
session. As to the addition of the one judge
to the Supreme Court of the United States, we
might pass that provision now, if Congress
pleases; but as to the inferior system, that
which once organized you can never probably
get rid of—for it will cause excitement and
trouble in every direction to get rid of it—I
beg the Senate not to suffer the scheme to be
thrust upon it in the short hours of a short
session, but to put it over to the next session,
when we can have time for its deliberate exam-
ination. I am, therefore, in favor of the motion
of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one wor<J
in explanation. I did not mean to say that
the circuit courts as now constituted were
courts of appellate jurisdiction only. I said
they werecourtsof appellate jurisdiction. Cer-
tainly no lawyer on this floor can be ignorant
of their original jurisdiction. The idea that I
intended to convey was that there would be the
difficulty of want of time, to which I referred,
under the scheme of the Senator from Mis-
souri, for that devolves on the district courts
all the original jurisdiction that is now pos-
sessed by the circuit courts, and must neces-
sarily result in lengthening the terms of the
district, coui ts, and thereby would prevent those
judges from performing their duties in the dis-
trict court and at the same time performing
their duties in the central circuit court that his
amendment proposes. The difficulty is pre-
cisely that which 1 supposed. The amendment
proposes to take the original jurisdiction of
the present circuit courts and devolve it on the j
district judges, to be exercised in the district
courts. That lengthens their term ; that makes
it necessary for them to hold terms six or eight
or ten months in the year. It would leave
them no time to sit as judges of the central
circuit court.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I was
unable to concur with the majority of the Judi-
ciary Committee whose assent was given to
the report of this bill at the last session, and
again, formally or otherwise, at the present
session. 1 abstained at the last session from
assigning my reasons for this dissent, and I do
not mean now to inflict them at any length
upon the Senate ; but in an observation or two
I beg to state my reasons for voting for the
postponement of the bill, in the hope thatin the
future a greater number of Senators than are
here now, a greater aggregate of attention than
can be drawn to the subject now, may concur
in regard to it, and in that case I should feel
very sure that we could get a bill far better
than this.
If any practical illustration were needed of
the observation made by some Senators that
this is not an occasion opportune for the con
sideration of the bill I think it would be fur-
nished by a glance cast over the Senate Cham-
ber at this moment. The subject is a very
important one. This bill becoming a law,
during the lifetime of men now living no great
change is likely to occur in the judicial system
and the judicial staff of the United States.
Therefore it is, in the present and in the future,
a subject of very grave importance ; and yet at
a time like this it is, as I have before remarked,
receiving but a fraction of the attention which
I think it justly deserves.
I beg to ask the attention of Senators to two
observations. I am aware, as a general fact,
that the courts of the United States, speaking
of them at large, are clogged, if not over-
loaded, with business. 1 am, however, further
aware that in discriminating in regard to this
general fact we cannot fail to see standing out
two evils demanding cure. One is that the
Supreme Court ofthe United States, the judges
of that court sitting inbunc to determine causes
in the last instance, are unable to dispose—at
all events, they do not dispose with anything
like tolerable speed and promptness—of the
business which there accumulates. That is
one unmistakable truth. Again, we find that
district courts, and the business in the districts
appertaining t.o district courts, are m a condi
tion in many respects susceptible clearly of
improvement. The evil does not, consist wholly
or mainly in the fact, that the district judges
cannot dispose of the business before them.
That is true to some extent. But there are
other truths quite as cogent as that. It is true,
for example, that districts exist so large in
extent that courts are held several hundred
miles apart, involving not only inexcusable
inconvenience, butenormous cost to the 'i'reas-
ury.
During the lifetime of the late Mr. Whittle-
sey, who was an officer of the Treasury as wo
all remember, a resolution upon my motion
passed the House of Representatives, in answer
to which he sent us some very instructive facts.
His report was published, and I wish I had it
in hand now that I might read it to the Senate.
From that statement it appears in one district
to which he called attention that if a man
passed a counterfeit two-shilling piece or com-
mitted a larceny of a mail-bag worth a dollar
and pleaded guilty, as a rule it cost from six
to ten hundred dollars to get him into the State
prison, owing largely to the enormous travel
which took place, marshals, guards, witnesses,
prisoner, going three or four hundred miles
from the place of committal to the place of
indictment, and then trom the place of indict-
ment to the place of arraignment, where the
pleaof guilty was interposed.
Having stated thus briefly the difficulties to
which we are bound to look, I ask Senators
whether this bill is likely to cure either, and
if it is, how? Take first the fact, that the
Supreme Court is overloaded with business.
Here is a bill which contains a provision that
every member of that court must as often at any
rate as once in two years attend at least one
term of the circuit court in each distiict of his
circuit. What does that mean? It is not a
provision merely to beguile the Senate with the
idea that these judges are to perform ni&i prius
duties, when in truth they are not: when they
are merely to go and present themselves at a
circuit and then retire from it. It means a
substantial thing, namely: that a court shall
actually be held once in two years by each
supreme judge in each district of his circuit.
That is a very important provision. It pre-
serves the English idea of its being of great
importance that judges who sit in the last event
shall inquire also in the first instance, and
become familiar with all the things that con-
tact with locality and contact with inquiry
at nisi prius gives. Therefore it is put there
in good faith, to mean what it implies.
Mr. President, I venture to suggest that
although in some instances the judges of the
Supreme Court may render more nisi prius
duties than that now, as a general rule that
statement is not true. In other words, I ven-
ture to say that as a rule the judges of the
Supreme Court do not devote as much time to
nisi prius sitting in truth as they would be
obliged to do in order substantially and fairly
to comply with that provision. Where is th«
relief, then, that the Supreme Court is to have
under this bill? By adding an additional
justice with a provision that a quorum is to
consist of six? How is that to be any relief?
Let us see. The Supreme Court sits now from
some day in December until some day, 1 think,
usually in April. The chairman o( the Judi-
ciary Committee will know better about that
than I know; but my recollection is that that
is about the time.
During the residue of the year it is not pro-
posed by this bill any more than it is by the
law as it stands now, that the judges shall have
any session hearing appeals. What is to be-
come of the remainder of the year? It is to
be left as it is left now, undisposed of except
by the direction that they must hold one cir-
cuit court, at least in each one of the districts
in their circuit every two years. Therefore I
say that it will leave the amount, of labor and
of business dispatched required of the Supreme
Court judges substantially as itisnow. Mean-
while are you relieving this pressure at the
other end, if I may so express it? Are you
providing for a diminution of causes coming
here and encumbering the docket of the Su-
preme Court? Not at all. On the contrary,
you are providing for an additional disposition
of business at nisi prius, and an additional
accumulation of business demanding disposi-
tion in the Supremo Court. How, then, are
you likely to experience relief in respect of
the business before the Supreme Court?
Turn now foramoinent in the other direction
to which I asked attention. Does thia relieve
district courts, district suitors, or the members
of the bar practicing in district courts ? Not
at all. On the contrary, as far as I have been
able to satisfy myself by reflection, every argu-
ment which we see now in favor of a division
of districts will still be seen, except only ia
some district where the actual labor may be
too great for a district judge, the district itself
being not too large, and there being no evil to
be cured except that the judge himself is over-
burdened. I admit that in a case like that it
would furnish some relief, but those are the
exceptional cases. Take the district in which
I reside myself: the district judge there has
repeatedly of late called attention to the fact
that he is unable, as any judge would be unable,
to dispose of all the business before him. If
that were the whole of the proposition there
would be some relief in this bill. But it is not
the whole truth in' that ease. On the contrary,
if you had a judge there made of iron, a judge
of such capacity for labor and endurance that
he could dispose at once of all matters coming
before him, and that personally he asked no
relief whatever, nevertheless it would be an
arrangement of the judicial system in that par-
ticular wholly indefensible, absurdly expens-
ive, to hold courts four or five hundred miles
apart, and who have culprits and witnesses
with the attendant guards and marshals travel-
ing across from term to term as causes are put
over, when, if you simply draw a line across
the district that moment you reduce by one
half, certainly by one third, all those expenses.
For these reasons and for other reasons I
was unable, deferring as I did to the opinion
of the larger number of the members of the
Judiciary Committee, and with every wish to
