212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 23,
see, as they saw, substantial relief in this bill,
and to this moment I have been unable to con-
vince myself that we were either meeting the
case or making a substantial contribution in
the right direction by this bill. I shall there-
fore vote for the postponement of the pending
measure, in the hope that at the next session
of Congress," when disposed to do business of
a general character, and when we are to remain
in session for many months, this subject may
be taken np and the conflict of ideas either
reconciled or at least employed to produce
something which will be far more satisfactory
than this. The time has come when l'or this
year the Supreme Court is about to adjourn,
and when, if there be relief in that direction,
it is not important that it should be given now
rather than eight or ten months hence, so that
I can see nothing to be lost, and the hope, at
least, of much to be gained by a postpone-
ment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will subjoin a word or
two to what I said before in reference to this
motion to postpone. I think it must be appa-
rent to Senators, upon a further consideration
of this subject, that this bill will not furnish
that relief' which the country needs. I under-
take to say that if you pass this bill and pro-
vide for these circuit judges the business on the
docket of the Supreme Court will continue as
far behind as it is at this time; and evidently
where the judges are multiplied in the inferior
courts and greater facilities are furnished for
the transaction of business the cases will ac-
cumulate in the Supreme Court, and there is
nothiug in this bill that provides any way by
which the transaction of business there may be
facilitated. I am under the impression that the
judges feel now that they give to the business
of the Supreme Court all the time their phys-
ical powers will enable them to devote to that
business, and there is nothing in this bill to
assure the country that there will be more than
three or four months of the Supreme Court in
each year, and it is perfectly manifest that
unless some system is devised by which more
time each year can be devoted to the transac-
tion of that business it will be impossible on
account of delay to obtain justice before that,
tribunal. I conceive I hat to be one object, if
not the paramount object, of this legislation ;
and while it may be true that there is some
necessity for additional judicial force upou the
circuits, yet that is not the great evil under
which the eouutry labors iu respect to the
judicial system.
Now, it is objected to the plan which I sug-
gested, in the lirst place by the Senator from
Nevada, that it would produce a struggle in the
Supreme Court between the judges-as to who
should attend to circuit court duties, and as to
who should preside in the court in banc. I
can see no difficulty in classifying the judges
into three classes, and designating each class,
so that there could be no danger of disagree-
ment between the judges, as Senators are class-
ified into threedifferentclasses; and provision
might be made by law that the three judges
who are assigned to certain circuits should hold
those circuit courts for one year, and the three
other judges assigned to those circuits should
preside upon the Supreme bench for the same
length of time, and so on ; taking in the three
different classes of the Supreme Court, provid-
ing for a rotation of judges, rotating these
judges around among the people every three
years to obtain a practical knowledge of the
litigation ot the country, and rotating them
back upon the Supreme bench. I believethat
such a system is indispensable. If you adopt
any plan by which the Supreme Court of the
("nited States is cut off from all practical com-
munication with the people and the litigation
of ihe country at nisi prius, you establish a
tribunal here that will forget the progress of
the age and theconnfry, and will run off upon
theories and speculations which are of no prac-
tical consequence to the country. I can see
no force in that objection.
What the Senator means by saying that there
may be some effort to give a political com-
plexion to this court 1 do not know. I sup-
pose that if the law created eighteen judges of
the Supreme Court each one would hold his
office during good behavior, as the judges do
at this time ; and those eighteen judges would
be as much beyond the reach of legislation as
the eight judges are to-day. What Congress
could do by law to give to that court any polit-
ical complexion is more than I can understand,
any more than they can by law to-day give to
the present Supreme Court any political char-
acter or complexion.
I was very happy to hear the distinguished
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] who is a
very competent judge upon this question, on
account of his experience, say that the system
which I had suggested was, as he believed, an
admirable system, and perhaps the best thing
in the world if it could be adopted in the Uni-
ted States ; but he discovers a constitutional
difficulty in the adoption of that system. I
suppose that it is competent for Congress to
say as to what number of judges sitting in banc
shall constitute a quorum of the Supreme
Court. Congress has provided in all its legis-
lation, I believe, upon the subject as to what
number shall constitute a quorum; and this bill,
reported from the Judiciary Committee, pro-
vides that six of the judges shall constitute a
quorum. There is nothing in the Constitution
that restricts the power of Congress upon this
subject; and if Congress has jurisdiction over
this question to determine what number shall
constitute a quorum I can see no provision in
the Constitution that declares that Congress
shall provide in a particular mode as to what
number shall constitute a quorum of the Su-
preme Court. What constitutional objection
could there be to a law declaring, after it pro-
vided that nine out of eighteen judges sitting
in banc should constitute a quorum of the
Supreme Court, that six of those judges, or
that a majority of the judges sitting in banc,
should constitute a quorum of the Supreme
Court? Where is the constitutional provision
that would be violated by a law of that kind?
I can see none ; and 1 think it will trouble the
honorable Senator to put his finger upon that
clause of the Constitution which such a law
would violate.
1 merely throw out this suggestion because
it seems to me that it is one idea that ought
to be thoroughly considered before we proceed
to establish a system which will be practically
irrepealable. If we do provide for nine cir-
cuit judges by this bill it is perfectly manifest
that the Supreme Court as it is now organized,
no matter what may be the necessities or exi-
gencies of the country, will not, perhaps can-
not, be changed ; and without saying one word
m disparagement of that high tribunal—-and 1
do not wish to have anything I say considered
in that way—yet, in view of the vast amount
of business that is accumulating in that court,
and in view of the fact that the judges hold
their offices during good behavior, and some
of them arrive at that, age when they become
physically unable to do the business devolved
upon them, it seems to me that while we are
organizing a new judicial system we ought to
make some provision by which we may have
a court possessed, at any rate, of the physical
ability to transact its legitimate business. If
you provide for this rotating court to which I
have referred it will necessarily follow that the
judges, when they become physically unable
to attend to circuit court duties, must retire ;
and I would favor a provision of law that when
such men, on account of their infirmities of
age or otherwise were compelled to withdraw
from the bench, provision should be made for
them in their old age. Sir, we need a living,
acting court in this country. We need men of
energy and vigor upon the bench, if any pro-
vision can be made by which these qualities
can be obtained. I know that the present
judges of the Supreme Court perform arduous
duties. They do all they are physically able
to do. I do not find any fault with the judges ;
but, sir, it is in the system itself; and we
ought before we make haste upon this subject,
to try to devise some-system by which this de-
fect may be remedied, and we may have such
a court as the necessities of the country seem
to demand.
Mr. STEWART. It is true that there ig
nothing in this bill, except, so far as it relieves
the justices of the Supreme Court, from circuit
duty, that has any tendency to affect the busi-
ness of the Supreme Court. But the Senator
from Oregon will readily see that legislation
may follow in regard to the practice that wifl
greatly relieve them. When you have a suffi-
cient force in the circuit courts to perform the
duties, you may then, without any injury to the
administration of justice, limit your appeals,
limit the cases that may be heard before the
Supreme Cojirt. You may limit the questions
to be brought before it, which will be much
more beneficial than limiting the amount of
jurisdiction. You can limit the character of
the questions ; you can confine them to ques-
tions of law. They are no.w required to ex-
amine in many cases very voluminous records
ot facts. If you had a cu'euit court with higher
jurisdiction you could by law relieve the Su-
preme Court in many respects without any
detriment to the administration of justice.
You would then have the proper tribunals ill
which those questions could he determined.
There is another reason why this interme-
diate court should be established ; and that
is, there are many cases that are tried, par-
ticularly criminal cases, in the district courts
that ought to have the right of one appeal at
least. 1 have heard that suggestion by most
of the district judges themselves, that there
ought to be an appeal in criminal cases. That
we cannot provide for now, because we should
overload the Supreme Court if we attempted
to do it. The only way in which a criminal
case, a case affecting life or death, can come
before the Supreme Court at all, as 1 under-
stand the law, is on a division of opinion on
some question that arises on the trial. The
merits of the case cannot come to that court on
appeal; and if we should attempt to extend the
jurisdiction so as to allow such an appeal we
should simply overload hecourt. That is one
of the reasons why this intermediate tribunal
should be established. There should be in a.
case of life and death one appeal at. least, iu the
courtsof the United States. The United States
is abundantly able to give this additional facil-
ity for the administration of justice.
Now, it isclaimed that the system of increas-
ing the number of supreme judges, would re-
lieve that court. I do not see how it would
have any mow tendency to relieve it than this
bill will have. I do not see how increasing the
number of judges would relieve that court
any more than providing that the circuit court
should be held by circuit judges.
It is said by the Senator from Oregon that
if you increase the facilities for trying cases
below more cases will come to the Supreme
Court. \\ ould not that be the case if you in-
creased it in the way proposed by sending jus-
tices of the Supreme Court out on circuit duty
and increasing the facilities in that mode?
Would you not thereby load the Supreme Court
in the same way ?
Mr. CONKLING. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to answer that question, I
beg to suggest to htm that if you divided the
whole judicial force in two, and had during a
certain year one half doing nisi prius duties
and the other half entirely relieved from nisi
prius duties, so that throughout thewlioleyear
they could devote as much strength as they
could give to it to disposing of cases on appeal,
while you might in one sense increase the
number of cases that would come up you would
certainly greatly increase the judicial force that
could dispose of them.
Mr. STEWART. I apprehend that under
the system proposed they could sit most of the
year, or as much of the year as it would be
profitable to s«t at Washington. They can ait
