214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
review than the old supreme court of the State
of New York. I mean that court of five judges
of which Chancellor Kent was a judge; of
which Jndge Spencer was a member, and other
men whose names were illustratrious in their
lime, and whose memories have since been in
benediction. Of course a number so small as
that becomes impossible in the Supreme Court
of the United States under the changed circum-
stances of the country. Nine judges is prob-
ably very near the just medium between acourt
too small and a court too large. I can fancy
110 greater evil to be inflicted on the country
than a court, too great in its proportions. In a
court of eighteen the business of decision must
resolve itself into a mere contention of votes;
not a discussion of principles nor a balancing
of reasons and analogies, but into a mere con-
tention of votes.
If the court is to be divided as proposed by
the Senator from Oregon, so that half of the
judges shall do supreme court duty and the
other half be allotted to circuit court duty, we
are raising, as it seems to me, some constitu-
tional questions, of a very grave character;
and surely we have enough questions of that
kind wherewith to vex posterity, the fruit of
the legislation of the last few years. Shall
we add to the number ? I submit to Senators
whether, in so delicate a matter as the con-
struction of the highest tribunal in the coun-
try, it is the part of wise men to leave a fund-
amental question of constitutional power to be
a trouble and an obstruction to the members
of that court and to the validity of its decisions
for all time?
This hill, it seems to me, in providing for
nine judges of the Supreme Court and for nine
circuit judges, accomplishes the addition to
the judicial force wlfich is needed without too
greatly disturbing the present long existing
system. I believe that Senators generally are
agreed (hat in a certain portion of the Union,
the States of the South, an immediate addition
to the foice of United States judges, who
shall have the nisi prius jurisdiction vested in
the circuit courts, is extremely desirable, and
that for those States delay would work much
mischief.
I suppose this body, certainly the lawyers of
it, who alone seera to have taken much part
in the debate, are as well prepared to-day as
they wiil be next session, or next year, to dis-
pose of this bill; and, for one, I quite agree
that it can be as well disposed of now, and
with better general results to the country, thau
at some future, indefinite period.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose it is known
that I was not in favor of a similar bill at the
last session of Congress. I made some very
brief i emarks then adverse to the passage of
the bill; and the priucipal reason that I stated,
which is the leading one with me now in favor
of postponing it for further consideration, is
that we make a great innovation in the ad-
ministration of justice in this country, and we
make it, as Senators must not forget, under a
Constitution that makes it a permanpnt inno-
vation, if it fails to meet the hopes of gentle-
■men who now believe in it. We have found
ever since the Government was founded that
the admiristration of national justice, iff may
so express it, has been serenely and success-
iully carried on, on the whole, by a system
which carried to the remotest corners of the
Union the highest judges of the land to try
causes at nisi prius, to mingle with the peo-
ple, to hear witnesses, to see jurors, to charge
grand juries, and to dignify and make holy, if
J may use such an expression, justice at the
very doors of the people ; and then, bringing
from the people and from this nisi prius prac-
tice and experience to the Supreme bench here
at the Capitol that practical knowledge, that
practical experience, that knowledge of men
and things, which is just as essential to the
decision of causes in the last resort as it is to
the trial of causes at nisi prius.
Now, we propose by this bill to cut loose
from that practicc, and to set up the judges
of this court, few in number, into a kind of
Star Chamber that never sees or knows of the
people, but sits in a cold, dry, barren way, if
i may so express it, as a court of mere errors.
It is true the bill provides that the judges of
the Supreme Court shall go to some district in
the circuits once in two years. We all know
as a fact that the law is so now, in substance ;
and we know that they do not do it; and, with
their present numbers, they cannot do it. It
is a rare thing for the last few years, since
business has so much accumulated, that we see
in the northern and northeastern circuits or
districts the face of one of the judges of the
Supreme Courtof the United States; and when
he does come, there is a jubilee of justice;
everybody is glad.
Wherefore do we swing away so suddenly
from this practice? It is merely from the
fact that there is not judicial force enough in
numbers to transact the judicial business of
the country. 1 agree with my honorable friend,
the chairman, and with the majority of the
committee, that it is a fact that we must have
more judges of the courts. The sole reason
then is, that we have not force enough in the
personnel of the court to transact the business
at, nisi prius and here, too. Now what shall
we do? Wliat is the necessity for our swing-
ing away at once from this time honored and
time-proved method of administering justice
for a new one? Why not increase the number
of judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States to the requisite standard, whatever it
may be, and provide, just as in almost all the
States it is provided, just as it has always been
the law in England,from which we derive our
jurisprudence, and just as it has alVays been
the successful practice in that, country, that a
less number than the whole of the judges of
the Supreme Court may try cases in banc here,
adjusting the terms so that two or three or
some of them may, during the same time, be
holding terms at nisi prius, and then leave
themselves, if you please, or by some other
arrangement—ordinarily the best way would
be to leave it to the judges themselves—to
determine which of them during a particular
winter should go upon the circuit, and which
of them should remain here, and then leave
them, as is always done in England, and as is
done in almost all the States of New England,
to reserve great and important causes for the
consideration of some special or general term
of all the judges together? There is nothing
impracticable about it. It has been proved by
experience to be a perfectly successful method
of administering justice. Wherefore depart
from it?
1 know it has been said that there is a great
need for more judges at nisi prius in the south-
ern States. I admit the proposition ; but I
prefer to send to those southern States, or to
find in them rather, because I suppose they
can be found, enough additional judges of the
highest court to go about in the circuits there
and try the same causes and in the same way,
only under higher and more dignified sanctions
and methods, rather than to select an inferior
class of judges who must remain inferior, and
have 110 advantage from consultation with and
association with the judges of the Supreme
Court. That will accomplish the purpose that
the southern States need; and it seems to
me—and I have reflected upon it consider-
ably—that it will accomplish it in a much better
and a much more satisfactory method than the
one that is now proposed.
I do not know but that it is entirely useless
to oppose the present passage of this bill; but
it is right to say thus much. It seems to me,
therefore, we ought not to make haste to adopt
this new method, this new system, but rather,
if there be a difference of opinion upon it, take
time to reflect, so that a system which when
adopted under our Constitution is a final one,
at least for many years, may be thoroughly
considered before it is put into operation.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. I dislike to prolong this
discussion; I know the impatience of the Sen-
ate, particularly atthfshour, butlcaunotallow
the remarks of the Senators from New York
and Vermont, who were opposed upon the
committee, and renew their opposition hereto
the bill which has been reported, to go entirely
unanswered.
My friend from Vermont talks about cutting
loose from the present judicial system, whicb
he very properly eulogizes. The very recom-
mendation of the bill before the Senate is that
it so slightly disturbs the present system. It
continues it just as it is. The Supreme Court
remains as it is. The circuit court remains as
it is, with its same jurisdiction, with its same
practice. The district courts remain exactly
as they are. All that the bill proposes to do
is to give an additional judicial force, leaving
the system precisely as we find it. That is the
very beauty of the bill that is brought to the
consideration of the Senate.
But the Senator from Vermont says we are
fixing a system that cannot be changed. Wliy7
sir, the system that he indicates would be one
that could not be changed. Once fastened on
the country it is there inevitably, because he1
proposes to make eighteen supreme judges.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that the judges shall be appointed for life. The
Supreme Court of the United States is a court
established by the Constitution. Tbere shall
be, says the Constitution, one Supreme Court,
and when you have made the judges of that
court you cannot unmake them. If you make
these eighteen judges they are there while they
live or during good behavior, which amounts
to the same thing.
Now, Mr. President, what do we propose to
do? We propose by this bill to appoint nrine
circuit judges of a circuit court which may be
abolished to-morrow; and then what becomes
of your judges? It is no new thing in this
country to abolish courts. We have abolished
several district courts within the last few years.
If we put nine circuit judges upon the benchy
and this system does not work, there will be
no difficulty in abolishing the circuit courts as
the Senator from Missouri lias proposed to-day
to abolish all the circuit courts. There is a
bill now offered as an amendment to the bill
reported by the committee proposingto abolish
the circuit courts. So far, then r front the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Vermont being an
objection to the biil reported by the committee,
his suggestion is obnoxious to the very objec-
tion that he makes against this report.
The proposition of the committee is not to
cut loose from the present system so far as the
justices of the Supreme Court are concerned.
They are required by this bill to perform cir-
cuit duties. They will doubtless perform cir-
cuit duties to the extent that their time and
ability will allow them to (Jo so. They are
required as often as once in two years to go
upon the circuit, and to keep up that familiarity
with the circuit practice and the practice at
nisi prius of which theSenator from Vermont
This is no change of the system; but it would
be a very great change of the system to adopt
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont,
which is not before the Senate. I did not think
that it was necessary to- discuss a proposition
not before the Senate in any shape. We had
it in committee and discussed it,; we had it
here at the last session and discussed it, of
adding nine judges to the Supreme bench, or
ten rather, as we now have but eight,, making
eighteen judges, and then proposing that half
of" them shall hold the Supreme Court. Why,
sir, here is tlie Constitution of the United
States right in the way of such a proposition.
When it was first suggested I-had some doubts
as to its constitutionality; but reflection has
satisfied me that it is utterly unconstitutional.
The Constitution of the United States says
there shall be a Supreme Court. Now it is pro-
posed to create eighteen judges of that Supreme
Court, and then provide by law that nine of
them shall take no part in its decisions. You
might just as well provide in this Senate of
sixty-six members that thirty-three of them
should take no part in its deliberations. I
know that a majority of the Senate constitutes
