220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
appeals from circuit judges'.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (fl. K. No. 242) providing that
judges of the Supreme Court shall not sit upon
the hearing of appeals and writs of error from
their decisions as circuit judges; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States.
i. bolinger and a. 0. fondrin.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature
of the Slate of Tennessee, requesting the Sen-
ators and Representatives from that State to
procure an appropriation for Isaac Bolinger
and Andrew C. Fondrin ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
direct tax in rebel states.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Reconstruction
bo instructed to inquire into tile expediency of re-
viving and enforcing the collection ot the direct tax
in the States lately in rebellion, and that said com-
mittee report to this House by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to the introduc-
tion of this resolution if the inquiry is to be
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
Ibave no objection to referring the subject to
the Committee of Ways and Means or the
Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] consent to change the
reference?
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I object to the recep-
tion of the resolution.
unification 01? coinage.
Mr.. IvELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Pointing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
II nise two thousand copies of (ho letter of B. B.
K.liott, esq., 011 the subject of the international
unification of coimigo, transmitted to the fortieth
C^ngre-d by Hon. Hu^ti McCulloch, Secretary of the
IVeai-ury, and five hundred for the use of the Treas-
rny Deij.utment.
Mr. MUNGEN. I call for the regular order.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
daring the morning hour is the call of commit-
tees for reports, beginning with the Committee
on the Judiciary.
publishing attorney genuhal's opinions.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
tbe Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 243)
to provide for the publication of the opinions
of the Attorney General, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
revision of united states laws.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the United Slates, re-
ported back, with an amendment, a bill (H.
R. No. 9j extending the time for revising and
consolidating the statutes of the United States.
The bill, which was read, proposes that the
act of June 27,1866, providing for the revision
and consolidation of the statutes of the United
States, be extended for the term of three years
beyond the time therein limited.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows:
Add to tbe bill the following:
And tbe President is authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint com-
missioners to fill any vacancy which may exist or
may happen m the board of commissioners appointed
under said act, and in like' manner may make new
appointments at the expiration of tho terms of said
commissioners.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [.Mr. Poland] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentlema.ii yield to me for a moment?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speakej, that the House may know ex-
actly what this bill is. Three years ago a com-
mission for the revision of the statutes of the
United States was provided for by an act of
Congress. That commission was appointed
,-by President Johnson and went on for awhile,
when one of the commissioners resigned his
office after he had served for a short time.
The other two commissioners went on and
have made some revision. I have examined,
because it was my duty to do so, the question
for continuing the appropriation coming before
the Committee on Appropriations of the last
Congress. The President of the United States
appointed one commissioner to revise the
statutes who I believe is not a lawyer at all,
at any rate not one of that class of lawyers to
whom the country would submit this work of
revising the laws. The commission has been
in session now about three years, at an ex-
pense of §15,000 a year for salaries besides
incidental expenses, and nothing substantially
has been done, nothing that lias met as yet with
the approbation of either branch of Congress.
Now, the question is of reviving that commis-
sion as it stands. If a new commission shall
be provided for, or a commission under other
guards and other provisions such as my friend
from Vermont could throw around it, I should
be quite content that such a commission should
go forward. But I do not look for any result from
this commission, and the question is whether
•we shall go on and pay $15,000 in salaries to
three more commissioners, who must begin de
novo. I do not think we shall be likely to get
the worth of our money, and I am very con-
siderably opposed—decidedly, I may say—to
the rehabilitation of this commission.
Mr. CULLOM. How long did the original
act provide that this commission should con-
tinue?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Three
years. The term expires on the 80thof June
next.
Mr. CULLOM. I think we had better allow
the commission to expire.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Itexpires
by its own limitation. The Appropriation
Committee of the last Congress declined to
make any further appropriation for it.
Mr. CULLOM. Does the gentleman know
the specific amount of work that has been done ?
1 understand they have made but two or three
chapters of the laws, and those are tolerably
short ones.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
seen, 1 think, four chapters, or parts of four, of
the revision.
Mr. CULLOM. I have seen only three.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At this
rate I do not think the commission could get
through in three years to come. Besides,
there is not an appropriation for the commis-
sion in the future.
Mr. CULLOM. What amount of pay do
these men get?
llr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They get
$5,000 a year each, besides clerk hire and inci-
dental expenses.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that in the nature of things a com-
mission of this kind would have a vast amount
of labor in the beginning of its service which,
would not make much show in the form of pos-
itive result. That is to say, it would require
the examination of the Statutes-at-Large, vol-
uminous and numerous as they are, and a
vast deal of annotation of matter that would
have to be gathered preliminary to putting it
into the form it would finally take for legisla-
tion upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This com-
mission is not to make any legislation or alter
any legislation. Tbey are only to put in form
that legislation which Congress has already
made. I agree that they would have to get
together a considerable amount of annotation
and make a great deal of preliminary exam-
ination. One of the members of the commis-
sion resigned and ceased work almost two years
ago. Another was not appointed to fill his
place till .about six months ago or more, im-
mediately after the impeachment trial, and I
do not think the work done by any commis-
sioner who has resigned would be of any use
to any new commissioner. I think it would
be much better to have a new commission to
start fair; and if this work is to go on at all I
trust it will be done in that way.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentle-
man to doubt the expediency of carrying on
this work.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In the
way it has been done most certainly I do.
Mr. POLAND. I desire that there should
be as much discussion upon this subject as any
gentleman in the House desires.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I ask the gentle-
man if he will yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Allow me to make a
suggestion first.
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Vermont that it would be very well
if he would state to the House how much labor
has been done, and whether it is practicable to
make any estimate as to the length of time that
will be required to complete the labors of this
commission.
Mr. POLAND. I will endeavor to do so.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I will state further that
I am acquainted with two of the members of
the commission, and kaow them to be very able
and accurate lawyers. I have examined some
portions of their work, and the work has un-
doubtedly been well done. Every lawyer will
agree that a revision of the laws of the United
States is a work of great necessity, and that if
it shall be done, and done speedily, it will be
of incalculable value to the profession in the
United States.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, this law pro-
viding for a revision of the statutes of the Uni-
ted States was passed nearly three years ago—
three years in June next—and in the latter
part of July or early in August thereafter the
President appointed three commissioners to
execute the work, at the head of whom was a
gentleman from the State of Massachusetts.
At that time I was a member of the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, to whom these nom-
inations were referred, and believing myself
that the professional avocations of tho gentle-
man who was at the head of the commission,
and who was a very competent man, were so
large that he would not give proper time and
attention to it, we took the pains to have him
come personally before the committee, where
he gave us his personal pledge that if he was
confirmed he would make it his business en-
tirely, with the exception of a little practice in
the Supreme Court of the United States. Now,
1 think that, so far as that gentleman is con-
cerned, he is open to some ot the criticism that
th e gentleman from Massachusetts has bestowed
upou that commission, for so far as I have
been able to learn he never put pen to paper
in reference to this revision.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
likely.
Mr. POLAND. He is an able and compe-
tent man, but he has allowed himself to be
employed in reference to othermatters instead
of this revision of the statutes; for what rea-
son I do not know. The other two commis-
sioners appointed—Judge Johnson and Judge
James—1 believe to have been very excellent
and very competent men. Judge Johnson is a
man somewhat advanced in years and has been
in ill-health some portion of the time. He had
a severe fall last winter that disabled him from
doing much, and I have understood from him
that it was his intention this spring, when the
appointing power should be where he would
like to have it, to give up his place upon the
commission. Thatleaves substantially but one
of these commissioners in office, and that is
Judge James. I have some doubt myself
whether Judge James hadvery great familiarity
with the statutes of the United States when he
was appointed on that commission, but he is a
