1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
painstaking, diligent man, and I think has iii-
forraed himself exceedingly Avell, and that that
portion of the work which he has done, so far as
1 have examined it, has been Very well done,
indeed. Gentlemen who complain of delay in
reference to this work only show that they have
not examined it to know anything about the
nature and perplexity of the work. All the
statutes that have ever been passed by the
Congress of the United States now stand upon
(he "statute-books. We have already fifteen
large volumes of statutes, the greater part of
which are entirely obsolete. I have looked
over, for instance, the compilation of the laws
in refeience to the Army of the United States,
which I think is embraced in a pamphlet ot
about seventy-five or eighty pages, and it re-
quired an examination and enables a repeal of
more than live hundred distinct and independ-
ent statutes. You can see from that some-
thing of the amount of labor that is required
to carry out the work.
Mr. G-AHBTELD. Allow me to say in that
connection that 1 gave considerable attention
to this compilation of the military statutes,
and should regard it as a very great advantage
to all who have to do with the military legisla-
tion of the country and the administration of
the laws if it could be adopted. Oil the single
question of the pay of the Army there are
now forty-two statutes on our statute-book,
some of them bearing date as far back as 1790,
and running from that time all the way down
to the last session ot Congress. It takes the
consideration and examination of forty-two
statutes to answer the simple question ot what
is the pay of the officers and soldiers of the
Army. The whole of that legislation, extend-
ing over nearly eighty years, is digested into a
single chapter on the subject of the pay of the
Army, a single statement covering the whole
case. I reler to that as a specimen of the
character of the codification and condensation
of the statutes as exhibited in the work of
Judge James.
J will also state that I have had a note from
the late Secretary of War, stating that an ex-
amination of these statutes winch had been
made at the War Department shows that this
woik was exceedingly well done, done with
great thoroughness and accuracy, ami that it
would be an immense advantage it it was
adopted as a part of the law. I hope nothing
will be done to stop the progress of this work.
But 1 think that men should be put upon it
who will push the work with all possible speed.
I desire to say nothing against anybody who
has been upon this commission. I have spoken
particularly of the accuracy and thoroughness
oi the work of Judge James. 1 know nothing
of the others.
Mr. POLAND, in connection with what
has been said by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Oaiifielu,] I will state that I have been
informed that this chapter, embracing all the
laws iu relation to the Army of the United
States, is now used in the War Department
instead of referring to the statutes themselves.
Mr. CULLOM. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question V
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. CULL0M. I desire to state that I have
no disposition to put a stop to the revision of
the statutes ot the United States, for I think
it ought to be made for the benefit of the coun-
try. What I do desire, however, is that these
offices shall not be continued as mere sine-
cures, for somebody to fill and draw the pay
for without performing any services. Now, the
question I desire to ask the gentleman from
v ermont [Mr. Poland] is, whether it is a fact,
 s I have heard it stated outside, that already
iwo members of this commission have resigned?
Mr. POLAND. The chairman of the coin-
i mission, Judge Cushing, resigned something
, like a year ago, as I understand, and I am not
aware that he ever performed any labor on the
commission except to advise with the other
1 two members of the commission.
Mi. CULL0M. And to draw his pay.
Mr. POLAND. He drew his pay for two
years, as 1 understand. And 1 understand that
Judge Johnson, being a man somewhat ad-
vanced in years and in infirm health, has an-
nounced his intention to resigu soon, which
will leave only Judge James, whose commis-
sion will expire at the end of the three years,
or at the end of June next.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was not
Mr. Simeon Johnson appoiuted to fill Judge
Oushing's place?
Mr. POLAND. He was nominated by the
late President, but was never confirmed by the
Senate, and has never performed any duty on
the commission. This bill is substantially a
renewal of this commission. There is already
one vacancy, there will soon be another, and
the term of J udge James will expire at the end
of his term of three years, soon to end. ;
Mr. CULLOM. 1 desire to state again that/
I want this commission to continue, or this
law to remain in force until these statutes have
been revised and codified. But if by the pas-
sage of this bill we are to continue this old
sinecure business of appointing men to office
simply because there is a salary of $5,000 a
year to be drawn and no work to be done, then
i ana opposed to it. But I will not oppose it
if it is to result in the appointment of men who
will take hold of the work and do it properly.
Mr. POLAND. The only one of the old
members of this commission who expects to go
on with this work is Judge James, and I believe
he is a painstaking man, as diligent and just a
man as can be found. And with the experience
he has had 1 believe he is a very competent man
to occupy a place on this commission.
Mr. liENJ AMiN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have had occasion to
look into this matter of the revision of the
laws. The joint Committee on .Retrenchment
authorized by Congress were charged with the
investigation of a large number of cotton cases.
In the progress of that investigation we had to
scrutinize a great many items ot costs and fees
connected with those cotton cases, and in a
great many of them we found that the Govern-
ment had retained and paid one of the mem-
bers of this very commission for the revision
of the laws.
There were cases in the Supreme Court,
there were cases 111 the courts of New York,
and there were eases in which this gentleman
was consulted specially. In one instance, I
recollect, he overrode in his written opinion
the opinion previously given in the same case
by the Attorney Ueneral of the United States.
The Committee on lletienchinent saw cause
to call before them Hon. Caleb Cushing, to
ascertain the facts in regard to these matters.
In the course of that investigation the idea
suggested itself to the committee that Mr.
Cushing was receiving a salary ot $5,000 as a
member of this commission, and the query
was how he could give his attention to the re-
vision of the laws when he was otherwise so
much engaged, the other business in which he
was emptoyed by the Government being suffi-
cient to occupy one man's time. Mr. Cushing
was interrogated upon this point, and it was
ascertained that he had been in service as a
member of this commission for two years and
had drawn his pay. This was prior to his
resignation, though he resigned soon after.
His representation was that the work would be
completed within the specified term of three
years at a cost to the Government of $45,000
for the services of the commissioners alone.
That term of three years is now about to ex-
pire, and we are asked to revive this commis-
sion for a further term of three years.
It appears from the debate here tnat very little
progre&s has been madeinthework. Ihechap-
tersm legard to the Army and the Navy and the
public printing comprise, I believe, all that has
yet been done; at least, all that has come to
the knowledge of the public, all that, we know
anything about. Now, unless this bill can be
so guarded as to give us some assurance that
these commissioners shall either be compelled
to go on with their work or be dismissed I
trust the measure will not be passed. We
should not continue these appointments any
longer as sinecure offices at great expense to
the Government.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I am Entirely
content that my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] should find fault with the course
that was taken by the gentleman whom he has
named. But more than a year ago that gen-
tleman ceased to have any connection whatever
with this business, and, indeed, he never had
much, in my judgment. Therefore this meas-
ure for the revision of our statutes ought not
_to be prejudiced by any misconduct of which
'that gentleman may have been guilty.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me a single suggestion? I suppose that most
of us have a very imperfect idea of the magni-
tude of this work, the amount of honest, faith-
ful service, whether extending over months
or years, that will be required. The gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] from bis
long experience in tbe profession, from the
high position which he has occupied in the
judiciary of his own State, and from the oppor-
tunity he has had to examine this subject, can
give us an opinion—which I certainly should
value very highly, as would, I presume, the
House—as to the length of time which a com-
mission of three competent men would neces-
sarily require for the faithful arid wise per-
formance of this labor.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I do not think
the work could have been dons within the three
years provided for by the original aet. If all the
commissioners had applied themselves in this
matter as diligently and faithfully as lias Judge
James the work would have been in a greater
state of forwardness than it is now. The Com-
mittee on Revision of Laws of the United Stales
had this subject under consideration all winter.
We had the two remaining commissioners be-
fore us several times. We examined tliern and
examined their work, and the best judgment
we could form in relation to it was that with
what had been done three years more of dili-
gent service would be required to complete the
work. When done it will be of more value
to the country than people generally suppose.
The very expense oi buying the United States
statutes, now embraced in fifty large volumes,
with a new volume accumulating every year,
puts it beyond the means ot many men to
become the owners of those statutes : and when
they have been obtained it is a very perplex-
ing job to discover the law upon any particular
subject. All of us who are acquainted with the
manner of our legislation in Congress know
that a great many of the most important legal
provisions of Federal la.w are to be found^ in
the middle of an appropriation bill, being often
inserted as provisos to a section to pay some-
body for some horse that has been killed, or
something of that kind.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I beg the House to take notice
that the only question which is really practi-
cally before the House is whether we desire
that the statutes shall hereafter be revised.
Whatever failures of duty have taken place
heretofore we cannot help. Whatever money
we have wasted we cannot recall. This bill
provides that vacancies in the old commission
may be filled and that the operations of the
former commission shall be continued forthree
years from the time when it would otherwise
expire ; that is, three years from the oOth of
June next, giving to the President the power
to appoint a new commission at the expiration
of the present term. T here fore the whole effect
of the resolution is just this: that on the 30th
of June next the President sliajl appoint new
commissioners, the selection of whom will be
entirely within his discretion, to go on with
this work of revision. He is not bound to keep
in office a single one of the former commis-
sioners unless he is satisfied that he is faithful
sioners
and competent.
