1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22&
Mr. Speaker, to correct one or two mistakes
into which gentlemen have fallen, and which
I think do injustice to one of the gentlemen
who was appointed upon this commission. I
did not before allude to the point at length,
because I did not wish to discuss the personnel
of the commission. Mr. Cushing, as a mem-
ber of the commission, early saw that it was
futile to attempt to go through with the work,
and he not only ceased work upon the matter,
but ceased taking the pay at ail early period
after the organization of the commission, though
he did not at that time formally resign. In this
statement, that he ceased to draw pay after he
had ceased to give attention to the work, I am
quite certain I am correct.
Having set that matter right, I want to set
another matter right. My triend from^ Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] says that the codification of
the Army laws, as made by this commission,
is an excellent one. These commissioners have
codified thus far the laws in regard to the Army,
the laws in regard to the Navy, the laws relating
to patents and the Patent Office, and the laws
with reference to the public printing. The com-
pilation of the laws relating to public printing
makes a very thin pamphlet, because we have
had a Public Printer lor comparatively a few
years only. The laws relating to the Army
have been codified and revised every few years
in the Adjutant General's office ; and the laws
with reference to the Navy have been revised
and codified in the same way. There had been
at least four different codifications and revisions
of those laws before this commission set to work
upon them. The patent laws have beenrevised
at the Patent Office in the same way ; and
almost every lawyer has a volume of the patent
laws as codified iu tins manner. So that these
commissioners, in setting about their work,
took the easiest part first—going, 1 suppose,
upon the principle of the boy who, 111 splitting
logs, took the easiest log first, so that each in
its turn might be the easiest. [Laughter. ] ^
Wow, I ayi-ee that it would be a great thing
to have this work done, provided it should be
done properly. Having served as a member
ot'a committee to revise a similar compilation
of the laws of my own State, I know the diffi-
culties of such a work. 1 do not mean to op-
pose the completion of this work if it can lie
done properly and at a reasonable expense;
but 1 want to make a prediction: three years
hence the work will not be done, though we
may now pass this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 ask the gentleman from
Vermont to let me offer an amendment.
Mr. POLAND. 1 will hear the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is to add to the bill
the following :
Provided, That the commissioners appointed or to
be appointed bbill give tneir entire time and atten-
tion 111 ea,riymg out the provisions of this act.
The object of this amendment, Mr. Speaker,
is to compel the commissioners to proceed
with this work. We are paying them the sal-
ary of a member of Congress—S5,000 a year.
It seems to me that this compensation should
seem e the services of men of character and
ability, and that upon this pay such men could
afford to give their whole time and attention
to the work. W e ought to have some assur-
ance that the woik will be completed witlnn
a reasonable time.
Mi. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, Idonotthink
the gentlemen's amendment would alter at all
the legal effect of the bill as the committee
have reported it. I have myself no objection
to the amendment.
One word, Mr. Speaker, in reply to the re-
mark made a few moments ago by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] He
says that prior to the work done by this com-
mission there had been a codification of the
laws in relation to the Army and the Navy.
Sir, there never was a codification of either.
There was a collection of the laws in relation
to the Army and the Navy, andthe laws relating
to patents ; bat there has never befm anything
like a systematic codification of those laws.
The laws were collected together, so that then-
provisions could be more easily referred to than
in the bulky volumes of the statutes ; but there
was never anything like a codification of those
laws, a reduction of them into symmetrical
form, as we have them in the codification that
is being made by this commission.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I will hear it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move to amend
the amendment of the committee by striking
out all after the word " commissioners," where
it first occurs. If my amendment be adopted
the President will be authorized to appoint
these commissioners without regard to vacan-
cies, so that while he can select Judge James,
who itis said has been a faithful man, he may
decline to continue any other of these com-
missioners.
Mr. POLAND. That amendment will not
alter the legal effect of the bill. These com-
missioners received their appointments for the
term of three years; and of course, except
where there has been a resignation, new ap-
pointments cannot be made until the expiration
of that term. There are now two vacancies.
The amendment of the committee will allow
those vacancies to be filled now ; and when
the term of Judge James shall expire the Pres-
ident may either reappoint him or name some-
body in his place.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is only one vacancy
now. 1 went to the Clerk's desk and looked
over the bill, and 1 thought it was very doubt-
ful whether the President could appoint a new
commissioner in the place of Mr. Johnson on
the 30th of June next, when the three years
are up.
Mr. POLAND. There is no question about
that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If you will provide that
on and after the 1st of July the President shall
be authorized, by and with the advice of the
Senate, to appoint commissioners, that will
give him control ol' these appointments.
Mr. POLAND. The bill expressly author-
izes him to appoint others when the present
commission expires.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the Clerk to read
that part of the bill.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is satisfactory. Now
I would like to strike out the word "three"
and insert *' one," making the time one year.
I want this thing to come befoie Congress and
let us see what they are doing from year to
year.
Mr. POLAND. I cannot consent to that
amendment at all.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We can extend the time
from year to year.
Mr. POLAND. I do not consent to an
amendment of that kind. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman allow
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benjamin] to be considered as pending?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Benmamin
was adopted, and the substitute of the commit-
tee, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
MESSAGE ntOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Got: ham,
its Secretary, informed the House that in the
absence of the Viee President the Senate had
chosen Hon. Hexry B. Anthony, a Senator
from the State of Rhode Island, President of
the Senate pro tempore.
PREPAYMENT Of PUBLIC INTEREST.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business 011 the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the following communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury:
Treasury Department, March 22,1859.
Sir: The means of the Government are such that
I think it may be desirable to anticipate the pny-
ment of interest upon the pubtic debt. An examin-
ation of the laws does not fully satisfy me that tlio
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to makesuoh
payments. Should Oongressconcnr m the prouriety
of the course suggested I most respectfully ask that
authority may be given to the Secretary of tile Treas-
ury, in his discretion, to anticipate the payment of
interest upon the public debt, for a period not i xceeil-
ing six months,upon a rebate ofinterest, at the rate
of six per cent, per annum.
I am, very respectfully.,^ g_ B0UTWBUi>
Scerctary of the Treasury.
To the Speaker of the House of ItesresenUttivea.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachu-
setts, the communication was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
INDIAN TREATY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
ill relation to a treaty between the United States
and the Senecasand mixed Senecas, Sliawnces,
and other Indians; which, on motion of Mr.
Dawes, was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
REMOVAL OF INDIANS IN CALIFORNIA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, in relation to a defi-
ciency existing 111 the appropriations for the
removal of the Indians from bmith River res-
ervation, in California, to Iloopa Valley res-
ervation, and the removal of the Eel and Mad
river Indians, for which an appropriation oi
$2,500 was asked; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The next business 011 the Speaker's fable
was a letter from the Secretary of War, in rela-
tion to the removal of the political disabilities
of A. B. Cabaniss, Henry N. Martin, D. C.
Vanderbery. and Thomas C. Buffinton, all of
Mississippi; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Reconstruction.
PAYMENT FOR PROPERTY DESTROYED.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of War, in rela-
tion to the burning of forty-five blankets, the
property of enlisted men of company B, tenth
United States infantry, at the commissary
store-liouse at Fort Snelling, Minnesota, on the
20th of December last ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of War, in rela-
tion to the removal of political disabilities from
Fritz Tegener, a loyal citizen of Texas, and a
similar letter in relation to the removal of
political disabilities from W. M. Chamberlain,
and others ; whicli were severally referred to
the Committee 011 Reconstruction.
survey of indian reservations.
The next business on the Speaker s table
was a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
inclosing a letter from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs in relation to the survey of the
Wahpeton and Sisseton Indian reservations in
Dakota, for which an appropriation of $25,000
is asked; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
REPORT OF PAYMASTER GENERAL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of Wan in re-
lation to the report of the Paymastei General
submitted bv the General of the Army; which
