.224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Marcli 23,
■was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
branch mint in nevada."
The next business o.n the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a letter from the Director of
the Mint in regard to an appropriation for the
branch mint at Carson, Nevada; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
SUPPLIES FOR INDIANS.
^ The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
relative to estimates relating to contract made
by D. W. Ballard, Governor and ex officio
superintendent of Indian affairs of Idaho, for
supplies for Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
inclosing a communication from the supervis-
ing,architect of his Department, in relation to
appropriations for certain public buildings now
in course of construction at Portland, Maine;
Ogdensburg, New York; and Chicago, Illinois;
and also as to a clerical error in the appropri-
ation for the removal of the hydraulic weight
and completing the northwest stairway of the
Treasury building; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT ST. LOUIS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a letter from the supervising architect in rela-
tion to the custom-house at St. Louis, Mis-
souri; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (B. 11. No. 244) to provide for the
erection of a public building in the city of St.
Louis, Missouri, for the use of the custom-
bouse and civil officers of the Government of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
JUDICIAL DECISIONS IN ARIZONA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Governor of Arizona, in
relation to two decisions of Judge Bachus, of
the first judicial district of that Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
INDIANS ON THE UPPEB MISSOURI.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
inviting attention to the necessity of an appro-
priation for the speedy relief of the Indians on
the Upper Missouri, in Dakota, as recom-
mended in a letter from the Department dated
January 27, 18G9 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
ELECTION CONTEST SWITZLER YS. DYEIi.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was evidence iu the Missouri contested-election
case of Switzler vs. Dyer; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections.
ELECTION CONTEST ELLIOTT VS. ROGERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the certificate of the secretary of State of
Arkausas, showing the vote in the second
congressional district of Arkansas, and other
t)Ce ^o contested-election case of
Elliott vs. Rogers ; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. Vi HITTEMORE. I rise to make a
privileged report from the Committee on Re-
construction.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to make the report at this time if he insists
upon it.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I do insist upon it.
I am instructed by the Committee on Recon-
struction to report the bill which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
title ot' the bill.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
"A bill to relieve William P. Henderson, of
Davidson county, North Carolina, and William
Colton, of King and Queen county, Virgiitia,
of their political disabilities."
Mr. GARFIELD. Is the presenting a re-
port from the Committee on Reconstruction
of higher privilege than the laying before the
House executive communications?
The SPEAKER. It is, because the com-
mittee have the right to report at any time.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to another point of
order. The rule authorizes us to go to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table each day after the morning hour. Can
that be rendered nugatory without a vote of
the majority?
The SPEAKER. A committee authorized
to report at any time is privileged over busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. But the House
has it in its power to dispose of this bill as it
chooses
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I desire to have this
bill put upon its passage now.
Mr. DAWES. I think we should proceed to
the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table at least once each day. That is the
evident meaning of the rule which authorizes
the motion to be made even when a member
is on the floor. I think it should be put to a
vote of the House whether the right of a com-
mittee to report at any time shall overrule an
order of the House to go to business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen cannot fail to
remember that during the last session of Con-
gress the business of the House was very greatly
interrupted by the authority given to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to report at any time;
and to-day the Chair intimated as delicately
as he could to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Whittemore] that he should with-
hold his bill for the present.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I will withdraw the
bill for the present.
OMISSIONS IN ENROLLMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to House
joint resolution No. 30, to supply omissions in
the enrollment of certain appropriation acts
approved March 3, 1869.
The amendments of the Senate were to in-
sert the words "as amended" betore the
words " made valid ;" also to insert the words
" internal revenue" before the words " bonded
warehouses."
Mr. DAWES. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON. I observe that the Senate
have amended this joint resolution, and if
their amendments be concurred in it will no
longer be a joint resolution to correct errors
in the enrollment of certain bills, because we
will have altered and amended the original
provisions omitted in the enrollment. Now,
I have no objection to concurring in the amend-
ments sent us by the Senate, but I wish to call
attention to the fact that this has become a
proposition to amend the law instead of to
correct the enrollment.
Mr. DAWES. I apprehend that is not tech-
nically correct. We are not now amending
the law, for it is true, as stated by the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Blair] the other day
when this joint resolution was before the House,
that the provision referred to in this joint reso-
lution failed to become law inasmuch as it failed
to pass through all the forms necessary for it to
become law.
In regard to these amendments of the Sen-
ate, they are merely verbal, and in my opinion
totally unnecessary ; but having been inserted
by the Senate they can do no harm. This
takes the force of law, not from any action
taken upon the appropriation bill by the last
Congress, but from the force and vitality given
to it by the action of this Congress. In my
opinion these amendments do not alter the true
meaning and intent of the original proposition,
but merely make it more clear and satisfactory
to some people. • I hope, therefore, they will
be concurred in.
1 desire also to state what I deem due to a
member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills
of the last Congress, who had charge of the
bill referred to in this joint resolution, but who
is not now a member of this House; 1 refer to
Mr. Wilson, of Pennsylvania. As he has no
opportunity to be heard in explanation, it is
due to him that 1 should state that he received
that bill at half past eleven o'clock on the
morning of the 4th of March, and it was
impossible for him then to read the bill with-
out having it fail altogether. It had then to
be signed by the Speaker of the House and the
Piesident of the Senate, and to be taken by
him to the Executive Mansion before twelve
o'clock of that day. It was impossible for him
to delay one moment. It came into his hands
signed by the Presiding Officers of the two
Houses of Congress at just twenty minutes
before twelve o'clock, 'ihe President of the
United States was not-then, as usual at the
close of a session, at the other end of this
Capitol, but at the Executive Mansion, at the
other end of the avenue. Mr. Wilson procured
a carnage and started with the bill for the
President's House. On his way there he was
stopped by the procession moving to the Cap-
itol. And midway between the Capitol and
the Executive Mansion he was obliged to
abandon his carriage and take to the sidewalk.
He reached the President's House only three
minutes before twelve o'clock. And with the
utmost exertion and fidelity and care and
solicitude that the bill might not fail, in my
opinion Mr. Wilson did his whole duty, atid
1 think there should be no imputation upon
hiin ot either a lack of integrity or a lack of
fidelity.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I merely
desire to say that I have made some examina-
tion of the facts with reference to this pro-
vision, and 1 find that owing to the circum-
stances there was no opportunity for the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills to read the bill in
time to have it signed by the President. They
chose to have the bill passed rather than cause
it to fail by stopping to examine it. There can
be no imputation upon them in connection
with the matter, for they did not know what
were the provisions of the bill.
Mr; HOLMAN. 1 trust, Mr. Speaker, the
additional fact will be observed that the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill was not the only bill presented to Mr.
Wilson, chairman of the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, under the circumstances which
have been stated. The deficiency appropria-
tion bill and the miscellaneous appropriation
bill were in the same condition. It was im-
possible for Mr. Wilson or any other member
of that committee to examine these bills after
they had been enroiied. They were hurriedly
passed to Mr. Wilson, and there was barely
time for him to take them to the President and
submit them to him for his signature beiore
twelve o'clock m. on the 4th of March. Un-
der the circumstances the examination of the
bills to see whether correctly enrolled or not
was impossible, and the haste of their enroll-
ment readily accounts for the errors which
occurred.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was upon con-
curring in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. KNOIT. I call for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 10, noes 66.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Knott and
Mr. Jenckes were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported 
ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 57, not voting
44 ; as follows :
5TEAS—Messrs. Allison, Amblev, Asper, Bailey,
