1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
Banks. Beaman, Boatty. Bennett, Buffinton, Bur-
Jett. Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Clarke,
Amasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook.Cowles, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Deweeso, Diekey, Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Fer-
riss. Ferry, Finkeluburg. Fitch. Garfield, Gilfillan,
H.ile. Hen ton. Hill. Hoar. Hooner. Hopkins. Jenekes.
Julian, Kclley, Knapp, Laflin, Lawrence, Logan,
J.oucrhridge. Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
McKrew, Mercur.Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore. Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Mor-
1 ill, Negley, O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Paine,Phelps,
Polaud. Pomeroy, Prosser, Randall, Rogers, Roots,
Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer. Scolield, Shanks. Sheldon,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Btokes,
Mtjue, Tanner, Tilimiin, Townsend, Twicbell, Tyner,
Upson, Ward. Cadwoladcr C. Washburn. William B.
Washburn. Wellscr, Wheeler. Whittemore. Willard,
Wiitinms, Winans, and Witchcr—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Beck, Biggs,Bird,
Boyd, Brooks, Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin,
Cnur.on L. Cob1', Crebs, Dickinson, Gletz. Golladay,
Greene, Griswold, Haight. llaldeman, Ilambleton,
liamill, Hawkins, Ilay, Hoag, Xlolman, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Alexander 11. Jones, Thomas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Lasti, MarshaII, Mayham, McNeely,
Moffet, Morgan, Mungen. Niblack, Potter. Reading,
Reeves, Rice, Schcnck, Slocum, John a. Smithy
Sliles, Stradcr, Swann, Sweeney, Taffe, Trimble,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Wells, Winchester, and
Woodward—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Armstrong,
Arncll, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Cessna. Cleveland, Conger, Dockery. Don-
ley, Bla, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fisher, Fox, Hamil-
ton, Hawley, Hotchkiss, Judd,Kelsey,Ketcham, Mo-
Cormick, Morrissey, Packer, Palmer, Peters, Sehu-
inaker, Joseph S. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Van Auken,
Voorhees, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—44.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
consular tees.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. No. 22) relative to
consular lees j which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that section three of chapter two hundred
and thirty-three of the public acts of the Thirty -
Niutii Congress, approved July 25,1866, shall
take effect from and after January 1, 1857, and
that all fees which have been paid into the
Treasury in obedience to the provisions of that
section and which accrued prior to the 1st day
of January, 1867, shall be refunded out of the
consular receipts.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that this joint reso-
lution will be put upon its passage.
Mr. BROOKS. I trust the gentleman will
give us some explanation of it.
Mr. BANKS. The resolution proposes to
extend from July 25, 1860, to January 1, 1667,
the time of the taking effect of an act under
which certain fees were to be collected, allow-
ing a sufficient period for every consul to become
acquainted with the existence of the law. _ It
was made to take effect upon its passage, which
was on July 25, 1866, and this resolution
merely extends the time to the 1st of January,
1807. The Fifth Auditor informs me that it
will make a difference of about twelve thou-
sand dollars—not more. I hope there will be
no objection to the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be read a third time ; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
w. a. kirkland.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. No. 28) authorizing
Commander W. A. Kirkland", United States
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the emperor
of France ; which was read a first and second
time, and, on motion of Mr. Washburn, of
Wisconsin, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
charles ii. baldwin.
The next business on the Speaker's table
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 15.
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 27) author-
izing Commander Charles H. Baldwin, United
States Navy, to accept a gold medal from the
king of the Netherlands; which was read a
first and second time, and, on motion of Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
light-houses in oregon.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. 11. No. 20) in rela-
tion to light-houses on the coast of Oregon ;
which was read a first and second time.
The resolution provides that the erection of
a light-house at Acquina bay and other light-
houses on the coast of Oregon, for which ap-
propriations have been or may be made, shall
not be delayed for want of the consent of the
Legislature of the State to the purchase of the
site or sites for such light-houses.
Mr. DAWES. I ask to have this joint reso-
lution put upon its passage. These light-houses
are to be built on Government lands, but the
Legislature of the State does not meet uuder
two years, and therefore the Light-House
Board hesitated about commencing the work.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to rc-cousider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DECORATIONS I'liOM TIIB KINU OK PORTUGAL
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. II. No. ol) author-
izing Lieutenant Commander Arthur A. Yates,
Surgeon AlbertL. Gihon, Passed AssistantSur-
geon Charles H. White, and Assistant Surgeon
Jerome H. Kidder, of the United States Navy,
to accept decorations from the king of Portu-
gal in recognition of humane services j which
was read a fust and second tim<?, and, on mo-
tion of Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
orlando brown.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 42) for the relief of Orlando
Brown; which was read a first and second
time.
It directs the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury, in the examination and settlement
of the property and money accounts of Orlando
Brown, late captain and assistant quartermas-
ter of the United States Army, to credit and
allow him all expenditures of money and prop-
erty made by him in good faith under order or
in conformity with orders of his superior offi-
cers, and especially all expenditures of quar-
termaster's property made by him for the ben-
efit of freedmen under order of Major General
Benjamin F. Butler, in like manner as if the
same had been regularly expended in the quar-
termaster's department.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
move the reference of this bill to the Committee
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
license os foreign vessels.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 155) to provide for the
enrollment and license of certain foreign ves-
sels ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BLAIR. I move that the bill be put
on its passage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that it be
referred to the Committee oil Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
burlington and missouri river railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) in re-
lation to the Burlington and Missouri River
railroad branch of the Union Pacific railroad;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to have that joint
resolution put upon its passage, and I ask that
it be read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution. It
provides that the act of Congress approved
July 2, 1864, granting certain lands to tho
Burlington and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany, to aid in extending its road through the
then Territory of Nebraska, to connect with
the Union Pacific railroad, shall be so con-
strued as to authorize that company to assign
and convey to a railroad company to be organ-
ized under the laws of the State of Nebraska
all the rights, powers, and privileges granted
and conferred by the act and subject to all the
conditions and requirements therein contained,
with the additional right to change the located
line of t.heroadso as to connect with the Union
Pacific road at any point east of the one hun-
dredth meridian of west longitude.
Mr. Allison resumed the floor.
Mr. AVAHD. I desire to move the reference
of that joint resolution to the Committee ou
the Pacific Railroad. As the gentleman has
not demanded the previous question I suppose
that motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Allison] is on the floor.
Mr. WARD. I suppose my motion is in
order if he is.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order until the
gentleman lias the floor to make the motion.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire simply to say that
this joint resolution has been considered by
tho proper committee of this House, the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and I yield to the
chairman of that committee to explain it.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask the chairman to allow
me to ask him a question.
Mr. WARD. 1 rise to a question of order.
I desire to know if when a joint resolution is
read it is not in order to move to refer it unless
the gentleman taking charge of the subject
moves the previous question on it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York could not have the floor to make the
motion to refer. The gentleman from Iowa
was recognized and is in possession of the
floor. Should he move the previous question
and it should not be seconded the Chair will
then recognize the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WARD. The gentleman from Iowa
has not demanded the previous question, and
my question is if my motion is not in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the gen-
tleman from Iowa is entitled to the floor for
one hour if he chooses to occupy it.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Iowa
yields the floor to me for the purpose of saying
that the Committee on the Public Lands have
informally considered this joint resolution and
have agieed to it, and for that reason they
have agreed not to move its reference to the
committee.
Mr. ALLISON. I resume the floor for a
moment.
Mr. DICKEY. I would ask the chairman
of the Committeeon the Public Lands how his
committee could consider a joint resolutioiron
the Speaker's table ?
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say a word or
two in explanation of the joint resolution. It
is a proposition to allow the Burlington and
Missouri River Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion of the State of Iowa, to which this grant
was originally made, to make an assignment
of the grant to a corporation to be organized
under the laws of the State of Nebraska, it not
being competent for this corporation to go
beyond the State of Iowa. The joint resolu-
tion further provides that the line may be
shortened so that it will take a less number of
acres of laud than was originally granted by
the law of 18G4. This joint resolution meets
the approbation, and, as I understand, the
unanimous approbation, of the delegation from
i Nebraska in the Senate and House. It has
i; also been considered by the Committee on the
j. Public Lands of this House. The gentleman
ji from Ohio, [Mr. Winaxs,] who is a member
!j of that committee, has prepared an amend-
ii ment. which he desires to offer and to which I
j make no objection. The amendment provides
'j for a restriction of this grant, and I yield now
to him to offer it.
