226
THE OONGEfiSSIOKAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anything
about this joint resolution, and do not desire
to say anything in opposition to it. But I want
to know, either from the Speaker or from some
member of this House, whether a committee
of this House not organized for the purpose
of considering bills of a particular character
has any right to make any report upon such a
bill, especially when it has not been referred
to them at all, and to take it out of the hands
of the committee to which it properly belongs?
On yesterday a bill was reported from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands connected with the
subject of railroads, notwithstanding there are
mo committees of this House specially charged
with the consideration of bills of that charac-
ter—the Committee on Roads and Canals and
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. Now, if
those committees are composed of thieves who
cannot be trusted in the consideration of these
bills, let that be understood, and let them be
dispensed with hereafter. If other committees
are to take charge of"business which should
go to these committees, then there is no use
in our having railroad committees at all. And
if business of this character is to be allowed
to be taken from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad and controlled by other committees
in this way, then I shall ask to be relieved
from service on that committee.
Mr. ALLISON. I could answer the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Logan",] but I will
allow the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] to do so.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to say that I very
rarely agree that bills shall be taken from the
Speaker's table and passed without being re-
ferred to and examined by some committee in
the ordinary way. As a general rule that is
an unsafe practice. But this joint resolution
is a simple proposition which, in order to accom -
modate the parties locally interested, the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands agreed to consider
informally. Having done so, and finding it to
be a measure to which no reasonable objection
could be urged, we agree'd not to ask its refer-
ence to a committee, not that we believed the
Committee on the Public Lands or on the Pa-
cific Railroad to be made up of thieves, but
that there was no occasion for the reference.
Mr. WHEELER. May I ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Logan] what is the ground
of his imputation against the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad ?
Mr. LOGAN. I make no imputation against
the chairman of that committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I wish to state to that
gentleman that I have been absent for a few
days past, returning only last evening, on ac-
count of illness. 1 understood yesterday that
the gentleman had some grounds of complaint
against me ; whether he had stated them pri-
vately or publicly I did not hear. His present
imputation I did not understand, for at the
time I was engaged In conversation with a gen-
tleman on my left. I wish the gentleman would
again state his grounds of complaint against the
chairman of the Pacific Railroad Committee.
.Mr. LOGrAN. If I have any grounds of com-
plaint against the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] as the chairman of that com-
mittee I certainly am not aware of it. I am
not personally acquainted with the gentleman ;
[have not met him. The Committee on the
PaeificRailroadhave never been called together,
lo that I have no objection ; I do not care if
•it never is called together. What I said was
■ his: it committees of this House are to take
charge ofbusiness that doesnot belong to them,
without its being referred to them, and to re-
port upon that business, when it properly be-
longs to some other committee, and that is
allowed to be done, then I do not want to serve
on any such committee.
Mr. WHEELER.^ The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] will find meas jealous of the
rights of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
as he or any other member of that committee
can be. I was not aware that any measure
was being considered here which properly
belongs to that committee, or that there was
any measure under consideration which the
gentleman from Illinois claimed to belong to
that committee of right.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not refer particularly
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, but
also to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
I had reference to both of those committees. I
have ilo imputation to make against the chair-
man of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
But I do say that if committees are organized
merely for fun, as a mere joke, we had better
know it and dispense with them altogether.
Mr. WHEELER. In which conclusion of
the gentleman I also concur.
Mr. ALLISON. I will make one remark,
and then yield the floor to the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Clarke. ]. With reference to the
matter of the jurisdiction of committees over
this joint resolution I will say that measures of
this character have usually been referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands. And when
my attention was called to this resolution—it
being one relating to my own State—I was re-
quested to confer with that committee as to its
merits. I informally called upon the chairman
of that committee, believing that it was the
proper committee of this House to consider
this joint resolution, and asked him to have it
examined by his committee.
Mr. JULIAN. It is due to the committee
of which I am chairman to say that we have
assumed no jurisdiction over this question, and
have claimed none. To accommodate the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] we consid-
ered the matter informally, and made up our
opinion.
Mr. ALLISON. I was about to say, further,
that this is not a matter of which the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad can properly
have jurisdiction, if that committee is organ-
ized for the consideration of subjects with ref-
erence to Pacific railroads.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to ask a ques-
tion right here in connection with the remark
which has been made by the chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands, [Mr. Julian.]
If that committee does not desire to interfere
with anything not properly belonging to it,
why did the committee yesterday introduce and
pass through the House a Pacific railroad .bill
which ought to have been considered by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad?
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield for the dis-
cussion of a measure which is not now before
the House. I yield to the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] whether the
original act to which this bill refers is not one
in which the restrictions usually made with
reference to grants of land were omitted, and
whether, under that act, the Secretary of the
Interior did not at one time withdraw from
settlement, for the benefit of this company,
lands in the State of Kansas far remote from
the line of the road ?
Mr. ALLISON. I will say, in reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Kansas, that by
the terms of the original act the land grant was
confined to Nebraska; and I have no knowl-
edge that any lands in the State of Kansas have
ever been reserved for the benefit of this road.
So far a: I know and believe no such lands have
been reserved.
Mr. CLARKE. Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire
to inform the House that under the original act,
which it is at this time proposed to amend,
lands in the State of Kansas far remote from
the line of the road as originally located were
withdrawn from settlement by the order of the
Secretary of the Interior for the benefit of this
company; and this action of the Secretary of
the Interior was not reverse-d until a joint res-
olution vigorously protesting against the pro-
ceeding had been passed by the Legislature of
the State of Kansas.
Let me say further, that an examination of
the original act—I cannot at this time refer
to its provisions in detail—will show that the
usual clause limiting the lands granted to a
certain number of miles on each side of the
line of the road was altogether omitted. I
desire to inquire whether the pending bill pro-
poses to amend the original act in that, partic-
ular, so as to restrict the land grant within a
specified number of miles on each side of the
road.
Mr. ALLTSON. I will reply to the gentle-
man from Kansas in a^moment. I now yield
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Jultan.]
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
one word in reply to my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] who seems to be very hard to
satisfy by anything that I can say. The gen-
tleman has referred to the Pacific railroad bill
which was taken charge of by the Committee on
the Public Lands yesterday and passed by this
House. That bill, granting the^ right of way
over the public lands of the United States,
was on its introduction regularly referred to
the Coinmfltee on the Public Lands, that com-
mittee rightfully having jurisdiction of the bill,
inasmuA as it proposed to grant the right
of way over the public domain. Having come
to the conclusion that the bill was one which
we ought to approve, granting neither subsidies
nor lands beyond the mere right of way, we re-
ported the bill to the House, which by an over-
whelming vote passed it. 1 have no apology
to make for this regular, ordinary, and legiti-
mate action of the committee and of the House.
Mr. LOGAN. With the consent of t.lio
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Allison] I desire
to say one word. The gentleman fnxn In-
diana [Mr. Julian} is mistaken in supposing
I am hard to satisfy ; I am as easily satisfied
as any man in the world. But I will call the
gentleman's attention to a single fact. The Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, as I understand,
is organized for the purpose of having super-
vision of subjects connected with the public
lands. The Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, as I understand, is organized for the
purpose of examining bills having reference
to roads to the Pacific ocean. That, at least,
would be my inference. If a bill grants a
right of way to the Pacific ocean and at the
same time embraces some old Texas land grant
that happens to be estopped, it seems to
me the Committee on the Pacific Railroad is
the proper committee for it to be referred to.
The House passed a bill yesterday of this kind
without reference to that committee, the chair-
man of it not being here. It is said that it
passed by an overwhelming majority. That is
true; it only shows how ready the House is
to d'isposeof these things without sending them
to appropriate committees for examination.
That is all I intended to say.
Mr. JULIAN. In reply to the gentleman
I will say that it has been repeatedly ruled in
this House that the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad and the Committee on the Public
Lands have concurrent jurisdiction over mat-
ters involving land grants, and therefore the
Committee on the Public Lands ha ve as right-
ful a jurisdiction of this resolution as the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. LOGAN. I admit that. The only differ-
ence is there is a disposition on the part of the
Committee on the Public Lands to get hold of
all these bills.
Mr. JULIAN. The Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands is the older committee of the two,
but it claims nothing more than its just rights.
Mr. LOGAN. No doubt of that.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. WARD. Everything being pleasant
between my friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan j
and my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] 1
rise to make a suggestion that this resolution
be referred to what I consider the appropriate
committee; that is, the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad. I make the suggestion not in
hostility to the measure, but because I think it
ought to go to that committee. This is the
commencement of the session, and I believe
that matters of this importance should never
be considered in the House except upon the
recommendation of some appropriate commit-
ter. I hope the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
