228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
on Revolutionary Pensions. I demand the
previous question.
The House divided ; and there were—ay.es
50, noes 75.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr. WARD. I movethatthe joint resolution
and amendments be referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad; and on that motion
demand-the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. I move they be referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
during the demand for the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
76, noes 32.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a point of order
in reference to the motion of the gentleman
from New York. I make the point that it is
not in order, this not being for a Pacific rail-
road, or anything connected with it.
The SPEAKBR. That is a matter entirely
within the judgment of the House, with which
the Chair has nothing whatever to do.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a parliament-
ary question. I desire to know at what point
the previous question exhausts itself?
The SPEAKER. It will exhaust itself on
the motion to refer the joint resolution and
amendments.
The main question was ordered.
The motion was agreed to ; arid the joint
resolution and amendments were referred to
ths Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution and amendments
were referred; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Gorham, its Secretary, notilyingthe House
that that body had passed bills and joint reso-
lutions of the following titles, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 38) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the thirteenth
Tennessee cavalry;
A bill (S. No. 62) to incorporate the National
Junction Railway Company;
A bill (S. No. 190) to amend an act entitled
"An aet to provide a national currency, se-
cured by a pledge of United States bonds, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3,1864, by extending
certain penalties to accessaries ;
A bill (S. No. 191) to authorize the prepay-
ment of the interest of the public debt;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 33) relating to
the Government buildings at Fort Totten,
Dakota Territory; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) donating
to the public school in Washington, District
of Columbia, the frame building located at the
southeast corner of Twenty-secOnd street west
and I street north, in said city.
CIVIL SKIIVICE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a concurrent resolution from the Senate,
rescinding the concurrent resolution of the two
Houses, passed at the third session of the
Fortieth Congress, for the appointment at the
first session of the Forty-First Congress of a
joint committee to examine and report npon
the expediency of reorganization of the civil
service of the United States.
Mr. DA WES. As the Senate desires not to
have a joint committee of that character, and
as the committee has already been appointed
by the House, I ask unanimouseonseat to con-
sider the resolution I offer for the purpose of
making it a House committee, and if the House
shall agree to that I will then move to concur
in the concurrent resolution from the Senate.
Mr. PAINE. Let the gentleman's resolution
be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved, That the joint select Comtnittee on the
Reorganization of the Civil Service uf the Govern-
ment on tho part of tho House be continued as a
select committee of this House, with the same powers
and duties as provided in the concurrent resolution
of tiie last Congress, establishing a joint committee
upon the same subject.
Mr. PAINE. I object.
Mr. DAWES. My only object in offeringthat
resolution is this: that if the House shall agree
that the committee which has been already
appointed shall continue as a select committee
of the House, then I will move to concur in
this resolution from the Senate. Otherwise I
shall have to move a non-concurrence and ask
for a committee of conference.
Mr. PAINE. I.withdraw my objection.
Mr. BROOKS. What powers are the com-
mittee to have?
Mr. DAWES. The powers are specifically
set forth in the resolution. They are to be the
same as those they had at the last Congress.
Mr. BROOKS. What are they?
Mr. DAWES. They are to take into con-
sideration the propriety of the reorganization
of the civil service in the broadest sense, such
as was indicated by the bill reported at the last
session of Congress, known as the civil service
bill.
Mr. BROOKS. There are no extraordinary
powers.
Mr. DAWES. None but ordinary powers,
that I am aware of.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I wish to know
of the Chair whether this is being considered
by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so under-
stands it.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. My colleague rose
and objected to the resolution, and as soon as
he withdrew his objection I renewed it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
the objection of thegentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I objected all the
time, and it is not my fault if I did not get the
attention of the Chair. So far as I remember
the Chair never asked for objection in this
case. The resolution was read for information,
and I was waiting for him to ask for objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asked for unanimous consent to in-
troduce his resolution, and as there was no
objection the Chair thought it was granted.
Mr. PAINE. I made objection and with-
drew it; but my colleague renewed it.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Wis-
consin did renew the objection.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Wisconsin was in time with his objection ; but
I suggest to him that what I propose is the
speediest way to dispose of this matter.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I think differ-
ently ; and 1 object to the introduction of the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to non-concur
in the resolution from the Senate, and ask for
a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
NORTH CAROLINA SOLDIERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 37, to remove the charge
of desertion from certain soldiers of the sec-
ond North Carolina mounted infantry ; which
was taken up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. STOKES. I move that that bill be now
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. The preamble recites
that it appeals from the evidence of certain
officers of the second North Carolina mounted
infantry, the records of the War Department,
and the official orders of Major General Scho-
field, that certain soldiers were detached from
the second North Carolina mounted infantry
to join the third North Carolina mounted in-
fantry to make a raid into the enemy's lines
in June, 1864, for the purpose of destroying
railroad bridges and harassing the enemy, and
while absent from their regiment upon such
duty they were borne upon the rolls of the
second North Carolina mounted infantry as
deserters, The bill therefore directs the Sec-
retary of War to remove the charge of desertion
or absence without leave from the following
named soldiers of the second North Carolina
mounted infantry:
Company A: Joseph Thompson, Job Rice, A. J.
Massey, John W, Bullman, James Arrowood, Kin-
sey Henslcy. George West, William llunter, Allred
Fox, Allen Fox.
Company B: Henrv 51. Revis, George M. Roberts,
Jacob M. Revis, Adam I1. Eller, Pinkney Fox. Rob-
ert h. Fox. Spencer Rice, Patterson Reece, Robert
II. Pickens, Calvin Maney, Sheperd Deaver, Robert
Sams, J. B. Gosnel, Peter M Ilugiiy, Alexander
Beaehboard, Jonn S. West. Edward Sam, Jeremiah
Buckner,Thomas IX Cole, JamesP. Airowood, Juhu
B. Sage. James M. Cole, John II. Payne.
Company C: Lewis W. Ramsey, Samuel Rector,
Manley Ball, Hiram Rice, John H.Wild, John Ram-
sey, George W. Freeman, Andrew J.Freeman, Rob-
ert Anderson, David Lunsford, Jacob H. Wild, John
M. Wild, Jackson Paris, William D. Perry, George
N. Stines, Job Ramsey, Jackson Ramsey, Abnor
Brooks, Lewis Paris, Benjamin F. Freeman, ,Seth
Freeman, Jasper Brown, James Pain.
Company D: Leander Wright.
Company E: John Stanton, liackley Norton, Eli-
phas Shelton, Ezekiel Sams, James Norton. Samuel
Gosnel, William Hensley, Peter McCoy, Simon P.
Presnei, William Gentry, William Norton, Tilman
Landers, William Shelton, Balis Norton, David
Norton, Francis M. Franklin, George M. Gentry,
James Gosnel, William J. McCoy, William Norton,
jr., Jesse Norton, John E. Griffin, Andrew J. Banks,
John IL Cook, William Shelton, jr., Thomas J.
Candler, David Shelton, Robert II. Hare, Larkin
Stanton, James Norton, jr., George W. Gentrv.
Company 1!': James M. Case, John H. Drake,
Joshua F. Case, William 0. Lanning, Levi Cantrell,
E. F. Case. William F. Case, John Cantrell, Willie
Gosnel, William H. Walker, Richard T. Drake,
James J. Camp, Voltair V. C. Cantrell.
Company H: Ezekiel Kuykendoil, Daniel Gilbert.
Mr. STOKES. This has twice passed the
Senate and for want of time has been defeated
here. There can be no objection to the pas-
sage of the bill, for it is proper and right. It
is simply to remove the charge of desertion.
An order was given by General Scofield that
these men should do a certain work, and while
performing that work under that order they
were marked by their commanding officer as
deserters. They ask that the charge of deser-
tion shall be removed, and it ought to be done.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I inquire of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee whether it is not right
to have this charge of desertion removed by an
order of the War Department? Such charges
are properly removed there. If we take up this
description of legislation.it will be as laborious
as any we can undertake. The War Depart-
ment is authorized to remove charges of deser-
tion upon satisfactory evidence, and it seems
to me desirable that we should not undertake
a class of legislation involving so much dif-
ficulty when there is no necessity for it.
Mr. STOKES. The bill is proper and ought
to pass.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not oppose the
bill if there is any good reason for it.
Mr. STOKES. There can be no opposition
to this bill or any bill introduced similar to
this one where the facts are so notorious.
These men were not justly liable to the charge
of desertion, and it ought to be removed. There
can be no wrong in passing this bill, while it
might be wrong to pass a general bill for the
relief of all deserters. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof tbe bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which tbe bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed t .
WASHINGTON QJINEliAL HOSPITAL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 133, to incorporate the
Washington General Hospital and Asylum of
the District of Columbia; which was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. ARNELL moved that the bill be referred
to t,he Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
