230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Davis, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
CHATTANOOGA ROLLING-MILL.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Sena'te joint resolution No. 17, authorizing
the sale of the Chattanooga rolling-mill prop-
erty, at Chattanooga, Tennessee, to the South-
western Iron Company; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved that it be referred
t-o the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ISABELLA 0. YOUNGS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 166, for the relief of Isa-
bella C. Youngs, wife of Theophilus Youngs ;
which was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. SCOFIBLD moved that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
freedjien's bureau.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 146, relating to the Freed-
men's Bureau; which was taken up, and read
a first and second time.
Mr. WOOD. Is it proposed to refer this
bill, or to act upon it at this time?
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman cars make
any motion he pleases.
Mr. WOOD. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move it be referred to
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. Garfield's motion was agreed to.
CHARLES WEILE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 82, to pay Charles Weile
for services performed as consul at Tumbez,
Peru; which was taken up, and read a first
and second tirue.
Mr. ARNELL. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BANKS. I hope that it will be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as it
properly belongs to that committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my mo-
tion.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
PIVOltCES IN THE DISTRICT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 76, concerning divorces in
the District of Columbia; it was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. COOK moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
•rights of married women in the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 75, regulating the rights
of property of married women in the District
of Columbia; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. COOK moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON, ETC., STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
The next business oh the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 92, in addition to an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Washing-
ton , Alexandria, and Georgetown Steam Packet
Company;" which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. COOK moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
MIDLAND PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
The ftext business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 36, granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Midland
Pacific Railway Company, and for other pur-
poses-; which was taken up and read a first and
second time.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see how we
can have a bill granting a right of way unless
it grants public lands.
Mr. Wheeler's motion was agreed to.
interior department. -
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 26, relating
to the Interior Department; which was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. HUNTER moved that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
washington public schools.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 41, donating
to the public schools of Washington, District
of Columbia, the frame building located at the
southeast cornerof Twenty second street west
and I street north, in said city; which was
taken up. and read a first and second time.
Mr. COOK. I move that it be referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I understand the
matter rightly that is a military building, and
I think it ought to go to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WELKER. It involves a donation to
the public schools and should go to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. Cook's motion was agreed to ; and the
joint resolution was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
foilt totten, dakota territory.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
Senate joint resolution No. 33, relating to the
Government buildings at Fort Totten, Dakota
Territory ; which was taken up, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. CULLOM moved that it be referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
prepayment of interest.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 191, to authorize the prepay-
ment of the interest of the public debt; which
was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
that, it be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The motion, was agreed to.
thirteenth tennessee cavalry.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 38, to remove tie charge
of desertion from certain soldiers of the thir-
teenth Tennessee cavalry; which was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved that it be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
national currency.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 190 to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide a national currency,
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3, 1864, by ex-
tending certain penalties to accessories ; which
was taken up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetls, moved that
it be referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
> The motion was agreed to.
national junction railway company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 62 to incorporate the Na-
tional Junction Railway Company ; which was
taken up, and read a first and seeond time,.
Mr. WELKER. I move that it be referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WELKER. It has nothing to do witis
that committee, -as the road is all inside the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One single test cars
settle where it should go to. Does the rail-
road run outside the District of Columbia?
Mr. WELKER. It does not. It is all
within the District of Columbia.
Mr. SWANN. I will say in reference to this:
bill that 1 have had no opportunity, although
the State of Maryland is deeply interested ia
its provisions, to give it such examination as
would enable me to vote intelligently on the
subject. It contains one important feature
which I desire to bring to the attention of the
House 
Mr. WELKER. I do not know whether
this discussion is in order.
Mr. SWANN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for one moment. I have no desire to
discuss the general provisions of this bill; buE
we may have an opportunity to do so here-
after.
This road proposes to cross the branches of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad at two points.
It is a measure, Mr. Speaker, in which every
man, woman, and child, not only in this Dis-
trict, but in the whole traveling community, i&
more or less interested. If it is proposed to-
pass it before sending it to an appropriate com-
mittee, I wish to submit an amendment to
guard the traveling public against the danger
to which they will be exposed if the billshould
pass in the sha.pe in which it comes from the
Senate. 1 speak as a railroad man, that it is
a measure of the greatest importance. Where
one railroad crosses another there should be
thrown around it such guards aswillgive ample
protection to the traveling public. We have
no such guards in this bill; and I beg the
House to pause before they pass upon it, untii
it has been submitted and duly examined by
the appropriate committee. I will suggest, if
the gentleman will permit ms, that it be re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, as the route is laid out in this Dis-
trict; and it would require the particular exam-
ination of that committee in order to make it
conform to the regulations of the District of
Columbia in regard to its system of railways.
Mr. WELKER. One word in reply to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swann.] He
is looking at a printed copy of a bill passed by
the Senate of the last Congress. That bill has
been entirely modified, and the bill which now
comes from the Senate sets forth the line of
the road. As I understand, the objection the
gentleman makes to the bill is simply that it
crosses the line of the Baltimore and Ohic?
railroad, and he says proper guards are not
made against danger from crossing that road.
If this is referred to the Committee for the
Districtof Columbia, asl have proposed, I pre-
sume the matter will be properly attended to.
The question was upon the motion of Mr,
Ingersoll to amend the motion of Mr. Wel-
ker, so that the bill shall be referred to the-
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I would ask both-
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker]
to withdraw their motions to refer, and to
have this bill now put on its passage.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that, and will withdraw my motion.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I hope that this
bill will now be put upon its passage.
Mr. WOOD. This bill has never been con-
sidered by any committee of this House-.
Mr. WELKER. I will withdraw my motion
to refer, and let the bill be now read and put
upon its passage.
Mr. WOOD. Having served upon the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia during the
whole of the last Congress, 1 desire to say that
we had before us parties who objected to the
passage of this bill, under the circumstances
