232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
 i,000, for the purpose of increasing the
railroad facilities of that .town, and also to
impose and collect a special tax upon the tax-
able property of the town sufficient to pay the
interest of such amount subscribed ; and also
gradually to pay the principal thereof in case
the dividends from the stock shall be insuffi-
cient for the purpose. I move the reference
of the memorial to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented three petitions
.of citizens of the United States, praying that
women be granted theright of suffrage ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
&. 0. Aldrich, of Louisiana, praying to be
■relieved from his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petitions of
Miles T. Phillips, S. H. Herndon, John E.
Sheppard, and George A. Ainslie, of Rich-
mond, Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities ; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
lie also presented a memorial of sundry
citizens of Virginia, protesting against the
removal of political disabilities of certain per-
sons named1 therein; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. McDONALD presented the petition of
L. F. Ward, praying an appropriation com-
pensating him for the time, thought, labor, and
money expended in inventing an improvement
for the exchange of mails, known as Ward's
mail-bag catcher ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
PAPERS ■WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the petitions for
the removal of political disabilities which were
referred at the last session and not acted upon
by the two Houses of Congress be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate and re-referred to
t.he committee on that subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I request that an order be
made permitting R. G. Brown to withdra'w his
papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has there
■been an adverse report?
Mr. HARLAN. There has been, but I do
not understand that the rule now prohibits the
withdrawal in such cases. I ask that an order
be entered permitting him to withdraw his
papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered if there be no objection.
On motion of Mr. CATTELL, it was
Ordered, That Georgo 33. llalsted have leave to
withchaw Ms petition aud papers fiom the files of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. CATTELL, it was
Ordered, That the Trenton Locomotive and Ma-
chine Manufacturing Company have leave to with-
draw its pevition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
3IESSA9E FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the resolution
of the Senate for the appointment of a joint
committee to consider all applications for the
removal of political, disabilities.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution :
A bill (S. No. 87) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry ; and
A joint resolution (S. jR. No. 20) in relation
to light-houses on the coast of Oregon.
ENROLLED DILI. SIGNED.
The message also announced that theSpeaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (J3. 1^. No. 80) to supply omissions
in the enrollment, of certain appropriations.
approved March 3, 1869; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
REPORTS 01 COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 195)
to carry into effect the convention of July 4,
1868, between the United States and Mexico,
for the adjustment of claims; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 123) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1870, reported it with amend-
ments ; and gave notice of his intention to
call it up on Friday next.
PAY OF EXTRA MESSENGERS.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred a resolution to
pay the extra messengers their salaries during
the recess from September 21 to November
10, 1868, have had it under consideration, and
instructed me to report the resolution back
and recommend its indefinite postponement.
I ask forthepresentconsideration ofthe report.
The report was agreed to.
THOMAS \v. PHIPPS.
Mr. CRAGIN. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to pay Thomas
W. Phipps his salary as messenger, acting
assistant doorkeeper, from May 1, 1867, to the
present time, have had the same under con-
sideration, and have instructed me to report it
back and recommend its passage; and I ask
for the present consideration of this resolution.
There being rto objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded ts consider the following resolution :
Remhed, That there be paid to ThojnasW. Phipps,
from the contingent fund of the Semite, his salary as
messenger, acting assistant doorkeeper of the Sonate,
Irom the 1st day ofMay,1867,up to the present time,
deducting therefrom the amount received by him
during that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to under-
stand that.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state thattke facts in
this case are these: Mr. Phipps was appointed
acting assistant doorkeeper under a rssolution
of the Senate introduced into this body by Mr.
Harris, then Senator from New York. In fact,
the office was created for him. Prior to that
time there were only two acting assistant door-
keepers. He was appointed by the Sergeant-
at-Arms, and on the 25th of April, 1867, he
was removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms; but the
President of the Senate indorsed upon the
order removing him, " Not approved," signed
" B. F. Wade, President of the Senate." We
find on examining the Journal that the follow-
ing resolution was passed in the Thirty-Third
Congress :
" Ttesolved, That the several officers and others
in the departments of the Secretary of the Senate
and too Sergeaut-at-Arms shall be appointed and
removed Irotn ofhee by those officers respectively as
heretofore; but when made during thosession otthe
Senate, any such removal to be first approved by the
President of the Senate, on reasons to be assigned
theretor in writing by the officer making the removal;
and when in the recess, sucii reasonsin writing to be
laid beiore the President of the Senate- on the first
day of the succeeding session and to be approved or
disapproved by him."
In this case the removal was disapproved by
the President of the Senate, and in our view
the officer could not be removed without his
approval under this resolution. Mr. Phipps
was a good officer, and was directed by the
President of the Senate to retain his position
and to perform the duties, and he has been in
attendance here and performing his duties as
well as he could up to the present time, and
has received about half his pay, and this reso-
lution is to pay him the balance. There is no
reason that we can perceive why lie should not
be paid.
1 would say that the same conamittee have
under consideration another resolution intro-
duced by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] covering this whole subject of the
appointment to and removal from office of the
subordinate officers of the Senate aud the
recommendation of whether any changes are
desirable, &c. We shall be able to report, I
trust, by Monday next upon the whole subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire
when it was that this disapproval was entered ?
When was the removal made and when was
the disapproval entered ?
Mr. CRAGIN. The letter from the Sergeant-
at-Arms practically removing Mr. Phipps is
dated April 25, 1867. There is no date to the
indorsement of the President pro tempore—a,
mere entry here, " Not approved. B. F. Wade,
President of the Senate."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether the facts
are not that this person was removed and by
his consent accepted another position in the
Senate and occupied it here by the consent of
the President pro tempore and the Sergeant-
at-Arms both ; whether he was not appointed
to some other subordinate position aud did not
perform the duties and receive the pay for the
whole time?
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not understand it in
that view. I do not understand that he was
appointed to any other position. He was kept
on, or attempted to be kept on, by the President
pro tempore in the same position, although
another man had been appointed by the Ser-
geant at-Arms as acting assistant doorkeeper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My understanding is thai
he did receive pay in another capacity. How
was it that he got half pay?
Mr. CRAGIN. I stated that he had received
about half his pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For what?
Mr. CRAGIN". For service here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For service in another
capacity. He received all the pay that he was
entitled to for the service he performed, did
he not?
Mr. CRAGIN. He did not. I will state that
he was removed in the vacation, and at the
beginning of the next session he was put on
again and received his pay up to the next vaca-
tion, when he was suspended again by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and, as I understand, the
Secretary of the Senate has declined to pay
him for a certain time when he was suspended,
perhaps the second time. This resolution pays
him only that part which he has not received,
deducting what he has received from the whole
sum due him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I donotknowthat I am
correctly informed, but I once heard aboutthis
ease, and my understanding was, and I should
like to know if that is not the fact, that this
person was dismissed. I do not know whether
it was in vacation or during the session ; if I
ever knew I have forgotten about that; but al
some time he was dismissed and another per-
son putin his place, and that other person has
been drawing his pay in the place ail the time.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is probably true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then this person has
not been performing these duties at all; and
this Mr. Phipps was put into another position
which he accepted and drew the pay for. It
was not equal to the pay he would have had
as acting assistant doorkeeper, but it was all
the pay that he was entitled to for the services
which he performed, and we have been paying
all the time another person for discharging the
duties of the office, if you can so call it, or
the position from which this Mr. Phipps was
removed. That is the way I have understood
the case; and now the proposition is to pay
him over again, or pay him a larger sum of
money, as if he had been performing duties
which have been performed by some other
officer, and for which that other officer has
received full pay.
Mr. CRAGIN. This is the fact; he was
removed, or an attempt was made to remove
him and to put another man in his place ; the
President of the Senate refused to concur in
the removal. Of course he could not get into
a place that another man occupied, but the
