1889.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
seems to me that Senators ought not to forget,
while joining in this universal expression of
gratitude and confidence in the nation's bene-
factor, that the framers of the Constitution of
the United States intended to place the Senate
and House of Representatives on an official
plane equally high with that occupied by the
President of the United States.
Why, sir, the Constitution clothes this body
and the coordinate branch of Congress with the
power to make laws, by a vote of the majority
of the members of each branch, with the con-
currence of the President, and by a vote of two
thirds without his concurrence. The power to
enact laws is the highest power known to civil
government. The uniformly received definition
of a law is "a rule prescribed by the supreme
power in a State commanding what is right
and prohibiting what is wrong." When the
framers of the Constitution clothed Congress
with the power to make the nation's laws over
the disapproval of the President they vested
Congress with the supreme power of the
nation. They could not have intended that the
matured, deliberate judgment of either branch
should be controlled by the judgment of any
other organ of the Government. And when
the framers of the Constitution placcd a still
higher power in the two branches of Congress,
the power to bring to the bar of the Senate,
and at the disposal of the judgment of the
Senate, the highest officers under the Constitu-
tion for sufficient reason alleged and proved, it
is manifest to my mind that they intended that
the Senate should occupy a plane not inferior
in point of dignity and power with that occu-
pied by any other public functionary. It never
was intended by the framers of that instru-
ment, as it seems to me, that the judgment of
any one occupying a, seat here should be
swayed one hair's breadth to the right or to
the left by the opinion ol any other officer any
further forth, at least, than the reasons assigned
for his opinions might demand.
The reasons underlying a President's opin-
ion only can properly be considered in this
presence. They should be carefully and dis-
passionately weighed in the spirit of concord,
and if conclusive should be followed. Bat if
not conclusive, Senators should never forget
that they and the members of the House, and
not the President, are made responsible by the
Constitution for the enactment, the modifica-
tion, or the repeal of laws; and that it is the
President's constitutional duty to see that they
are faithfully executed, whether enacted with
or without his approval.
Assuming that the regulation of the tenure
of civil offices has been proven to be a proper
subject of legislation, and admitting unfaithful
officers ought to be removed, I proceed to in-
quire to what extent the existing law embar-
rasses the Government in the performance of
this necessary duty. It must be conceded that
this law presents no very serious obstacle to
removals of civil officers during the sessions
of the Senate. It provides that no officer of
this class, appointed by the President by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall during the sessions of the Senate be
removed until a successor shall have been in
like manner appointed. The President may
therefore at any time during the sessions of the
Senate secure the removal of an incumbent
by nominating a successor acceptable to this
body without the assignmentof reasons for such
change. Practically this has been the policy
of the Government from the beginning down
to the present liour with but very few excep-
tions. When the framers of the Constitution
of the United States clothed the President with
the power to nominate, they did not clothe
him with the power to appoint a single officer
of the Government. They provided that he
might nominate and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, might appoint. In
the absence of any law to the contrary, it was
made his duty to obtain the consent of the Sen-
ate when in session in every case of appoint-
ment, whether the office to be filled was great
or small. But they did provide that Congress
might by law clothe him with the power to
appoint inferior officers. It is therefore clear
that the framers of this instrument intended
that all appointments should be either subject
to the approval of the Senate, as the Pres-
ident's constitutional adviser, or to the regula-
tions of law. And the practice of the Govern-
ment from its foundation has been to effect
removals of officers appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate only by new
appointments, the Senate being in session.
This civil tenure law does not, therefore,
present any new barrier to the removal during
the presence of the Senate. And during the
recess of the Senate this law does not attempt
to interfere with the President's constitutional
right to fill vacancies which may happen. But
it does prohibit removals during the recess,
and provides that officers deemed by the Pres-
ident to be unworthy may be suspended for
cause, and the temporary vacancies thus cre-
ated may be filled temporarily by the President,
the suspension being subject to the approval
of the Senate when it shall next convene. In
principle this provision is, in my opinion, in
strict harmony with both the letter and spirit
of the Constitution, and cannot effect prejudi-
cially the public interests ; for it is presuma-
ble that the President would exercise as wise
a discretion in selecting temporary appointees
to fill the offices vacated by suspended officers
as lie would if the removals were absolute ;
for in the latter case the appointments made
during the recess of the Senate could only hold,
under the express provisions of the Constitu-
tion, up to the last day of the next succeeding
session.
But it is thought that the details of this part
of the existing statute imposes on the Pres-
ident unnecessarily irksome duties in requir-
ing him to report to the Senate within twenty
days after the beginning of the next session
the reasons inducing each suspension, thus
placing him in the attitude of a public prose-
cutor. Hence it is deemed advisable to so
amend the law as to remove this and other
offensive features by the adoption of the pend-
ing proposition reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary, which provides that the Pres-
ident of the United States may not make an
absolute vacancy, but that he may snspend
an officer and appoint one in the mean time
to discharge the duties of the legally-appointed
officer, who may serve to the end of the next
succeeding session of the Senate. If, in the
mean time, the Senate shall not approve a nom-
ination to be sent in within a period of thirty
days after the beginning of the next session,
and shall not by an affirmative vote approve
the suspension of the officer, at the end of the
session he shall be restored to his office. Can
it. bo pretended that this will seriously inter-
fere with the action of the Executive in re-
moving an officer who in his judgment may not
be worthy of trust? It merely prevents the
President from trilling with the constitutional
power with which the Senate is clothed, in mak-
ing a removal and an appointment during the
recess to continue up to the end of the succeed-
ing session of the Senate, and, by neglecting
or refusing to nominate a successor, secure a
vacancy at the end of that session of the Senate,
which he may be able to again fill without the
concurrence of the Senate.
If the facts I have stated are true—and if
they are not true their truth can be success-
fully rebutted by Senators around me—then
those who oppose the enactment of laws for
the regulation of the tenure of civil offices
under the national Government violate the
principles and the policy which have been
adopted and maintained by the people of their
own States in relation to all, or nearly all, of
the local officers authorized by the State con-
stitutions and laws. Every Senator who votes
against the regulation of the tenure of civil
offices under the national Government votes
in opposition to the judgment of the people of
the State whom he represents oil this floor,
unless he can show a distinction between the
necessary effects of a given policy as applica-
ble to State officers and that which should ap-
ply to officers under the Constitution of the
United States. If it is necessary that a post-
master or a revenue collector should be remov-
able at the will of the President without re-
straint of law, then is it not equally necessary
that a collector of revenue lor a State, for a
county, or for a city should be removable at
the will of the Governor of the State? If this
executive control over all the civil officers of
the national Government is so absolutely neces-
sary in order to secure honesty and fidelity,
pray tell me why it is not equally necessary to
secure honesty and fidelity in the correspond-
ing class of officers under the constitutions
and laws of the States ? But it has been found
by the experience of each and all the States
unnecessary and unwise to subject their civil
officers to removal by the State Executives
without the restraints of law ; aud it has been
found by the experience of the national Gov-
ernment to be equally unnecessary and unwise
to permit the President to remove at discre-
tion a numerous class of officers of the na-
tional Government; hence I conclude it is
equally unnecessary and unwise to subject this
class of civil officers to such a precarious
tenure.
It has been supposed that this Government
was a Government of laws. I could under-
stand much that has been advanced upon this
floor if we were living under a despotism,
where the will of the monarch must be re-
ceived as the law. If we were prepared to
indorse such a form of government, then I
could understand the arguments of Senators
in favor of the exercise of unrestrained power
in the removal and appointment of civil officers
by the Chief Executive. But, sir, it was evi-
dently originally intended by the people of each
of the States, and by the people of the United
States, in framing their State governments as
well as their national Government, to provide
that no public functionary should be placed
above the law, that the President alike with
the humblest citizen of the land should be re-
sponsible at the bar of the tribunals of public
justice. And here I think I find the reason
for what I have sometimes supposed was the
superior fidelity of State officers over that of
national officers. They are responsible to the
laws, of which the people of each State are the
guardians. They are liable to indictment by
the grand juries, liable to prosecutiou before
the courts, for a violation of a public trust.
And the people see to it that unfaithful officers
are duly punished. But it has been urged
during this discussion as a potential reason for
the repeal of the statute regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices that a removal under its
provisions implied a disgrace of the party le-
moved. It is therefore urged that removals
should be within the range of the unrestrained
discretion of the President, to avoid the neces-
sary implication of odium. Sir, Igreatly doubt
the soundness of this reasoning and the wisdom
of such a policy. I am inclined to believe that
official virtue would not be greatly promoted
if the opposite policy prevailed, if no civil
officer could be removed during his legal term,
as in the States, except for cause. Sir, is not
the disgrace which sometimes attaches to
unworthy officers discarded in other branches
of the public service a prop to public virtue?
Is it not because the officer of the Army or
the officer of' the Navy would be disgraced by
the finding of a court-martial and his dismissal
in pursuance of its judgment that you suppose
you find superior fidelity in that branch of the
service over the civil branch? Is it not be-
cause the officers of the judiciary are disgraced
when they are impeached and ousted from office
by a judgment of the Senate that you secure
superior fidelity ? And when you relax the rule,
and enable appointments to be made and re-
movals to occur without implying disgrace to
the discarded officer, do you not knock down
the props to public virtue? It is to be re-
gretted, if the doctrine announced by a distin-
guished citizen of Tennessee must be regarded
as the fundamental law of this land regulating
