1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
in the Executive. I shall not attempt to repeat
them here. Nor is it at all difficult for trie to
admit an error when convinced of it. I should
be most happy to see the Senate surrender
gracefully to a result that is inevitable.
Too much legislation outside of the Consti-
tution has characterized the action of Congress
for the last four years. No rational man sup-
poses that it will receive the continued approval
of the country.
The influence of party organization has had
too great an effect on the action of all. I readily
admit its force, but shall neither attempt to
justify my course in this respect nor to excuse
it. The ties of party, strong as they are, will
not atone for a violation of judgment nor the
loss of individual responsibility.
I am well aware of the cry of "'liberty and
equality" of the present, its hollow pretensions
and sounding pomp. It is nothing. The fathers
of this Republic loved liberty and knew as well
how to maintain and preserve it as their pos-
terity. The present has only followed at a
respectful distance the past. The principles
of the Constitution are no more favorable to
freedom now than when it was framed. Jeffer-
son, Hamilton, and Madison have not been
eclipsed by the pretenders of the present. It
is not humiliating or unmanly to return to
their teachings.
From my own experience I see no hope for
the Republic but a religious reverence for the
framework of the Government and the spirit
of life that gave it being. And believing, after
long and anxious study and a sad and humili-
ating experience, that the " civil-tenure bill" is
a violation of the Constitution, a usurpation of
powers belonging inherently to the Executive,
that it is pernicious and corruptingin its opera-
tion, I will not hesitate in tny effort to relieve
the present representative of the American
people from shackles unnecessary and unjustly
thrown around his action.
Under its operation, thus far fraught with
evil, we have seen one Executive paralyzed,
degraded, impeached, and rescued from the
irremediable shame of conviction by the firm-
ness and patriotism of a few men who had
courage to withstand the turbulent waves of
revolution. We have seen the Republic dis-
graced, the prostitution of high position to the
purposes of unhallowed ambition, the public
service rendered inefficient, crime in place
left unrebuked, and the interests of the country
neglected and ruined. I will challenge no man's
motives or his action, nor call in question the
sentiments he may entertain.
If this law is a good one it should neither be
suspended nor repealed. If, on the contrary, it
is as I believe evil, and only evil continually,
the sooner it is wiped from the statute-book
the better for every interest in the Govern-
ment.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, I desire to secure
the absolute and unconditional repeal of this
law, and the more effectually to accomplish
that, end I am constrained to oppose all prop-
ositions for its retention in any modified or
amended form. I cannot but regard the prop-
osition now pending as an evasion unworthy
of the grave question in controversy, and shall
therefore vote against it.
Having voted for the civil office tenure law
at the *iineof its enactment by Congress some
two years ago, 1 feel that it will not be out of
place to intrude myself into the debate at this
time for the purpose of stating briefly and with
such pertinency as I may the reasons why I
shall now support the proposition for its repeal.
At the time of its enactment I supported it
simply as a temporary political necessity, but,
I confess, with some misgivings as to its pro-
priety, and also some doubts as to its practical
utility. The result has proven that those mis-
givings were not entirely without foundation.
While it has undoubtedly had the effect of pre- 1
venting efforts for the removal of a few honest
and competent officials, it has also had the
effect, of retaining many coirupt and irrespons-
ible men in office who might otherwise have
been removed, and the public service has suf-
41st Coxg. 1st Sess.—No. 16.
fered correspondingly thereby. It would be
difficult to say from which of these two causes
that service lias suffered most. This, how-
ever, may be said, that while we know the law
has been made a pretext for the retention of
bad men, by whose retention the Treasury has
been the loser of large amounts of its legiti-
mate revenue, we do not know that it would
have lost correspondingly or even lost at all
hy the supersedure of the officials who might
have been removed.
While I have no words of apology or excuse
for the late Executive in his administration
of the Government, I yet submit to Senators
whether it is entirely fair, after we, as the
dominant Republican majority of Congress,
had taken from him by this enactment a large
measure of his usual prerogative in the matter
of appointments to office, to hold ourselves
altogether blamelessforthe irregularities which
characterized his administration. In the pas-
sage of that law we assumed a responsibility
coextensive with that of the President. The
concurrent action of both the Executive and
the Senate was necessary to effect a change in
the offices of the country. Neither branch of
the Government, in session or in recess, could
remove or appoint without the consent of the
other. A responsibility which, therefore, dur-
ing vacation had rested solely with the Execu-
tive was hy that act divided between him and
the Senate, and by that division all responsi-
bility was weakened and practically destroyed.
While I supported the act, as I have said,
as a temporary political necessity, 1 have no
hesitancy in saying that I did so with the dis-
tinct and full expectation of favoring its repeal
as soon as that exigency should have passed
away. I long since became convinced that its
enactment was a mistake; that as a temporary
expedient it failed very largely to accomplish
the purpose for which it was designed; that in
a partisan sense it was worse than a mistake,
a blunder, in that it established a precedent
heretofore unheard of, to which any dominant
party in the future may resort for a continu-
ance of its hold upon the political power of
the country, and also that as a measure of
public policy it was, to say the least, one of
doubtful propriety, in that it was an undoubted
encroachment of the Legislature upon the ex-
ecutive branch of the Government by absorb-
ing powers theretofore exercised unquestioned
by it.
Mr. President, I am, unhappily, unlearned
in the law, and will not presume to attempt a
legal or constitutional argument on a subject
which has elicited and received the earnest and
laborious investigation of the brightest intel-
lects of the country, and upon both sides of
which are arrayed so many of the master minds
of the Senate; but with my plain understand-
ing there appears nothing in the Constitution,
as has been contended in this debate, which
militates against the complete power of the
President to remove as well as to appoint in
vacation. To construe it otherwise would put.
it out of his power many tines to obey his
official oath to take care that the laws are faith-
fully executed. The power of appointment,
to my mind, necessarily implies and carries
with it the power of removal. Otherwise it is
a nullity, having no virtue or force whatever.
No President can administer the Government
according to his own interpretation of his duty
and his oath unless lie is permitted, at least
during the recess of Congress, when he alone
is responsible for the execution of the laws,
to use his sole discretion in the selection of
his subordinates, to remove and appoint, at
his own discretion, wherever and whenever in
his judgment the good of the public service
requires that it should be done.
It is urged that the disposition of the patron-
age, which the repeal of this law will place
almost at the sole disposal of the President,
has grown to such proportions that it has come
to be almost a kingly prerogative. Mr. Presi-
dent, that is true. It is true for two or three
reasons. In the first place it is such because
the Constitution has expressly made it such.
It is just what it has been for three quarters
of acentury, under the operation of that instru-
ment, and until I see more striking indications
of danger than are yet manifest I propose to
let it remain where that instrument, placed it.
In the next place, that power has grown in the
hands of the President just in proportion as
the importance and dignity of the office of
President itself has grown, and just in propor-
tion as our country has grown in power and
wealth and importance in the scale of nations—
no more and no less. From the presiding offi-
cer of three or four million peopleand thirteen
scarcely formed Stales the President is now the
head of a nation hardly second to any on the
globe. Elected, as he is, by the free ballots
of such a people for his preeminent virtues and
capabilities, the bestowment of his office is a
testimonial which no king has ever received.
It is fitting, therefore, that in dignity and in
prerogative, as it does or should in responsi-
bility, that office should stand as first in the
political triune of which Government is com-
posed.
The Constitution intentionally made the office
of President one of great powers, and such ia
the perfect balance and blending of the func-
tions of all the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment, as established and defined by that
instrument, that the harmonious working of
the whole can be secured in no way but by
allowing to cach the full scopc of authority
thus established and defined. To permanently
circumscribe the functions of the Executive,
as we uo by the retention of the office tenure
law, we clearly deprive that office of one of its
essential prerogatives, and in that far we dimin-
ish its dignity as the representative office of the
country. I do not think we should seek either
to diminish or magnify that oHice, but if we do
either it should be the latter as more fitting the
illustrious elective head of a great nation, where
all are freemen and all are sovereigns. In-
stead of that, however, we have in that law
taken the lirst step toward its diminution. The
balance between the coordinate branches is
seriously disturbed, if not destroyed. The
measure of power which is lost to the execu-
tive is absorbed by the legislative department.
Power is always aggressive, and its tendency
is to accumulate to itself, 110 matter in whose,
hands it is placed. If this absorption by i he
Legislature of a power delegated by the Con-
stitution to the Executive is to be persisted in,
where, is the infringing process to stop '? What
becomes of that equitable and admirable dis-
tribution of powers and functions which has
made our form of government distinctively
Aineiican and the pride and boast of Ameri-
cans in all lands? Sir, it is gone; and with it,
ultimately will go all that gives that Govern-
ment its distinctive character as a Government
of the people, freedom of the press, freedom
of speech, freedom of public debate and public
censure, freedom of creed, and freedom of
thought; for upon die perfect maintenance of
this well poised triple distribution of govern-
mental powers do all these rest.
Take away tbo distinctive prerogatives which
the Constitution has vested in the Executive,
in which direction this law is an aggressive
commencement, and we reduce thathigh oiiice
to be the boot instead of the head of our polit-
ical machinery. Instead of being, as now, a
goal for the honorable ambition of our great-
est and best, we subject it to the scrambles of
mere place-hunteis and profligates, an object
of derision and contempt. 1 do not aokuuwl-
edge the f'uice of the criticism thai this is a
i despotic power of which the President has
' been divested, and that, his longer investiture
with it is unsafe to the liberties of the country:
but I seriously question whether the reverse is
not more likely to prove true. History is re-
pie1 e with instances in which the political power
of the State has been assumed and exercised
quite as disastrously to the liberties of the peo-
ple by overpowering and irresponsible legisla-
tive majorities as hy despotic potentates. Look
at our own country and our own day. How
far have we escaped that chaos and confusion,
