1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
248
dangerous to the liberties of the American
people to clothe it with the power contemplated
or to continue to cloth it with the power which
for the past year or two it had exercised. For
the performance of that duty and that privi-
lege and that right, on my part, it became the
province of the charlatan of the Senate to
attack me personally in my individual character
and in my individual capacity ; and, sir, he
brought to bear as a part of his argument the
laughter of the galleries, echoed here by$ie
members of the Senate.
I have one word to say to the galleries. They
are here ; and it is proper for me, in view of
that circumstance, to say a word to them.
They are the representatives of the American
people; they may be a fair representative-,
they may be not; they are better clothed per-
haps than a very large portion of the masses
of the people, but whether those adornments
clothe any more virtue and integrity than do
garments of a less gaudy and a less luxuriant
quality, let each one judge for himself. I am
reminded, however, in thinking of the condi-
tion of this country, of an incident in history,
and I will illustrate that reminder as well as i
can, owing to the teachings of the past. You
have been educated to laugh and to make light
of the most serious things. You have been
indoctrinated into a frivilous, thoughtless,
senseless disposition. The education of the
past has given to you that character; and it is
not surprising that you should exhibit it here
in this Senate ; nor is it surprising that the
Senators themselves should echo and respond
to that state of things. I am reminded of the
idiotic inhabitant of a burning dwelling, in-
vited and expostulated with that he might
seek a safe and secure refuge declining to do
so on account of his teaching ; the dwelling and
its inmate fell, and when the rubbish was
cleared away nothing remained of him but the
horror of the scene around him, rendered still
more horrible by the outcries and the jeering
and laughter amid the ruins.
That I may have some standing and some
secure footing here in the Senate, I desire to
point again to a nation prosperous, carried on
in a proper spirit, under proper regulations
and checks, which has produced success and
constant advancement in liberty and security
for the citizen. 1 point to England, to Kng-
lisli liberty, and to English civilization; and
as I have been here and elsewhere character-
ized for that illustration I desire to state that
those who to-day have the conduct of the
affairs of Great Britain are not of the profes-
sion represented here in this body. Mr. Glad-
stone comes from parents engaged in commer-
cial affairs. Mr. Disraeli never received a
collegiate or even a common-school education,
but he and his associates have imbibed the true
instincts of statesmen, to take care of the
interests of the individual and of the great
interests which control the successful destinies
of that great nation. X trust, sir, that here-
after men occupying situations that 1 represent
may not be pointed at with the linger of scorn
and derision bccause of that representation.
Somebody has written a book of a Yankee boy
traveling and residing in the West, who was
called a Yankee, and lie took the liberty in his
indignation to strike the rascal down, and he
was asked why he did that deed. u Are you
not a Yankee"Yes; but J do not mean
to be calied a Yankee so.'' That is the inten-
tion which I now have.
As regards the Republican party I have not
waged war upon that party, nor do I mean to
seek refuge m the Democratic party. That
would be like jumping from the frying-pan into
the lire. ISo party can exist in the future in
this country, so far as is in my judgment now,
Utat will not be represented by the same char-
acter and the same influences which control
the Congress of the United States at present.
I have not heretofore entered upon the con-
stitutional question involved in this measure ;
but I have in my hand a paper which embodies
my ideas in relation to that point, and so far
as I am concerned it makes very little differ-
ence to me whether it is the judgment of a law-
yer, a judge, or anybody else. The judgment
is mine, and I believe that it will stand as the
constitutional decision of the question at issue.
I will read it :
"One of the three following propositions is true:
44 Either the power of removal is one of legislative
jurisdiction: that is to say, deriving its authority
from actot Congress and subject to regulation there-
by;
" Or it is a power vested in the President and Sen-
ate jointly, only to bo exercised by their concurrent
act;
" Or it is purely a presidential prerogative.
"1. Is it a subject of legislative jurisdiction? Arti-
cle one, scction one, of the Constitution provides as
follows; 4 All legislative powers heroin granted shall
be vested in a Congress of the United States? which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Represent-
atives.' The Congress, theroforc, can exercise no
other powers than such as are 'granted' as above.
The powers granted arc such as areexpresslydelincd
in terms in the Constitution, and such derivative
powers as may be necessary to carry them into execu-
tion : and they constitute the entire body of the legis-
lative powers of the Governmentot the United States.
"If we look now to the Constitution, it will be seen
that the only grants of legislative power made there by
are to be ioundm the ten sections constituting article
one; in three paragraphs in section one; in one para-
graph in scction two, and one paragraph of section
three, article two ; in one paragraph m section one,
two paragraphs in section three, article four; and
one paragraph of article live; and it' we scrutinize
all these provisions it will he seen that not only is
there no express grant of power over the subject of
removal, but that no such power is rightfully to be
derived by implication from any of them as being
necessary to carry into effect the express grants of
power contained therein.
" In this view, having thm> surveyed the whole field
of legislative powers, we find that, so far as the power
of removal is concerned, it is not there, either in
express terms or by legitimate implication ; and not
being there, the inevitable conclusion is that it is not
ot the domain of legislation, capable either of being
created or controlled by act of Congress.
" '2. is it a power vested in the Prcsidentand Sen-
ate jointly, only to be exorcised by their concurrent
act?
41 The argument relied upon to sustain this propo-
sition is thut the powei ot removal in an incident of
the power of appointment, and that whereas the
joint action of tho President and the Senate can
alone give validity to appointment, the power of
removal is subject to the same condition of concur-
rent action on the part of tho President and ot tho
Senate. That this position is untenable will readily
be seen. The provision of the Constitution whonc©
arises the only authority which tho Senate exercises
in this regard is contained in the second scction of
article two of the Constitution, and is in these woidt>.
'And he fthe President] pliail nominate, and, by and
wit-h the advice and consent ot the Senate, shall ap-
point embassadors, other public ministers and con-
suls, judges of the Supremo Court, and all other
officers,' tVc., &c.
" The President4 shall nominate, and, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, hhall appoint.'
This is the precise language, and h<\v ond the author-
ity thus granted the Senate has no other in the ap-
pointment ot othcers. What is this authority? In
common parlance it is called tho act ot confirmation
by the Senate; but it is not thai as a constitutional
fact. It is the power to advise and consent after a
nomination shall have been made—nothing more.
The power of appointment is an independent power
vested only in the President. The President nomin-
ates, and the Senate advising and consenting there-
to, the President may or may not appoint, as m his
executive right and pleasure he sees lit. The func-
tion of the Senate in this matter is simply one of
assent or dissent, not controlling oven the question
of appointment, and when it s1 all have exercised
this function, in the manner of assent or dissent, its
constitutional power is exhausted. In the authority
thus given to the Scnatcof' advice and consent,' not
only is there no authority vested in that body, either
in express terms or by implication, over the subject
of the removal of an officer, but not even over the
subject of his appointment. The President may nom-
inate; tho Senate may exercise its prerogative of
advicc and consent, and still the President may not
appoint. To assume to derive from the terms of this
auxiliary intermediate power thus vested in the
Senate jurisdiction of the subject ot removal of an
olficei, is co gi\e thereto an implied signification
broader in the scope of its authority as to removal
than that which they contain m express terms as to
appointment, a conclusion utterly at conflict with
the true canons ot constitutional construction.
"Is it or not purely a presidential prerogative ?
" Not being found either as a legislative power or
asapowervestedinthePiesident and Senate iointly
it must be found in the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment, for it could be lodged nowhere else save in
the judicial branch, and no one contends for that.
But is it not clear, from other provisions of the Con-
stitution. that it is vested exclusively in the Pres-
ident?
,4 In the first place, that it is an executive function
is not to be denied, in all governments as well as in our
own and by section one of article two of the Con-
stitution it is provided that 'the executive power
shall be vested in a President of the United States
of America/
"It is derivable also from the provision of the
Constitution,^ (section 3 of article 2,; which provides
that the President * shall take ears that the lawsshali
be faithfully executed.' That the power of removal
is essential to the faithful execution of the laws can-
not be gainsaid. And by the established rule of con-
struction that the express grants of the Constitution
carry with them by implication'all such po#«rs as
are necessary for their execution, herein is found a
source of authority for the exerci&e of this power by
the President as undeniable as the fact that for the
past eighty years it has been universally recognized."
Sir, so far as I have been able to judge and
to compare there is less individual responsi-
bility and accountability in the Government of
the United States than in any other Govern ment
on earth. There is no one of the Departments
that is carried on upon correct and experienced
business judgment. Take any one of them and
no business man would run it as it is now run
for one moment. He could not do it. The fact
is, if you deny or refuse to give to the President
the power of instant removal over the officers
of this Government you check the operations
of the Government itself. It cannot be carried
on; and it will not do for any man to base
his judgment on the grant of the Constitution
when in the condition of things that grant can-
not be effectually carried into effect. There is
no mistake about that clause in the Constitu-
tion which commands the President to see that
the laws be faithfully executed, and it must be
apparent to any man with half a judgment that
the faithful execution of no law can be com-
pelled unless the agents of the law are bound
to obey by the force and power of removal
whenever they feel in any way disposed to evade
their responsibility. 1 am quite sure—nay, I
am as certain as that I stand here to-day—that
there is not a household, there is not a manu-
factory, there is not a farm, there is not a
workshop, there is nothing that can be carried
on with the restrictions which you impose upon
the President of the United States. So, sir,
beside the construction of this body unfitting
it to take part in the power of removal, it is
my deliberate judgment that on account of tho
want of a direct determinate vigor on the part
of the Executive, untrammeled and unre-
stricted in his operations upon the officials, no
law can be faithfully executed in the present
condition of things.
Sir, I have been deeply interested in the
success of the Republican party. In means I
have contributed more than any member of
this body, and in character quite as much, to
the furtherance of that success. In point of
means, I think my contributions in that direc-
tion would offset the contributions of all tho
other members of the Senate. My purpose
was to relieve the country from its embarrass-
ments. It was in a condition of war—civil,
social, political, and material. There was war
north, war south, revolution everywhere ; an.!
there was nothing else to do when the building
was on fire but to do all that could be done to
quench the flames. When that flame has been
quenched, when that party is triumphant,
with its President and with two thirds of both
branches of Congress, my duty ended when 1
saw that a refusal to speak that which I believed
was detrimental to the interests, to the safety,
and to the liberties of the people.
I informed the Senate the other day of the
absence of all warning touching the imminence
of the late civil war ; and for this 1 was called
in question. Sir, I repeat the suggestion, so
far as the people of Ihe iNorth were concerned.
If I am any judge of their position, they were
not prepared for the war ; for in what condition
were they ? I brought here the best troops, or
among the best, in the field ; and what was the
condition of that people ? I sent a batteiy of
artillery one day after the firing on Fort Sum-
ter. How was it done ? It was an organiza-
tion that I had maintained for ten years before
at my individual expense j and the twelve hun-
dred men that followed in a week after came
from the workshops and from the piow, came by
my individual exertions, and the officers never
had served with those men hardly anywhere.
It was a rush to save the country, by men
unfitted in any rpspect to discharge the duties
of soldiers. How did I find the situation here
among those who had been on the watch-tower?
With iwy youth, my inexperience, my want of
