244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
ability, I found that not only those who were
occupying seats here, butin almost every other
office, were looking to the boys to direct the
affairs connected with the defense.of the coun-
try. I did, for one, and I was among the very
few, "scent the battle from afar off," and
having performed that function and duty then,
I have comc up here to-day to tell you that
there is a danger impending greater than that.
It is in the discharge of that high duty that I
have come here and have endeavored to impress
it upon each individual member of the Senate
and of the country. It is in that view and with
that end that I speak to you now. Let me
give you. an incident in English history. I read
from the new American Cyclopedia :
" Jeffreys, George, lord, an English judge, born in
Acton, Denbigshire, Wales, in 1648, died m the Tower
of London, April 19, 1689. His family was good,
though not rich. He was educated at Shrewsbury,
at St. Paul's school, London, and at Westminster
school, under Dr. Busby, and he early gave indica-
tion of high talents. His father was unable to send
him to the university, and he became a member of
the Inner Temple, May 19,1663. Of his boyhood and
youth but little is known, and that is not to his
credit. He was called to the bar November 22,1C68,
having eighteen months before married Mary Nes-
ham, daughter of a clergyman, under circumstances
of a romantic character. On the death of this lady
in 1678 he married Annie, widow of Sir John Jones,
who had been lord mayor of London. His rise at the
bar was rapid, but his practice was in the Old Bailey
and other London courts, always beneath the other
tribunals in conduct, and in that age scarcely better
than dens of torture and murder. In such a school
the natural ferocity of his temperament was rapidly
developed, and he soon exhibited that brutality
which has won him infamy throughout the civilized
world.
*'So quickly did he rise that in March, 1671, he
became common sergeant of the city of London. At
that time he belonged to the 'country party,' and
laid tho foundations of his fortune by affecting to be
a patriot and a Puritan; but he intrigued secretly
for court favor, and was made solicitor to the Duke
of York, Septembor 14, 1077, and knighted. This
startled his a&sociates; but he insisted that the office
was strictly professional in its character, and in 1678
men of both parties united to elect him recorder of
London. lie then went boldly over to the court
party, and for the rest of his life so acted as to deserve
tli e title of the worst tool ever used for the destruction
of freedom by the house of Stuart. In the days of
the Popish plot he was one of the most active against
tho accused parties, acting both as judge and as
counsel in different courts; and it was by'his advice
iIki& the Government placed itself at the head of the
p.itrons of tho plot, whereby its inventors were pre-
vented from turningit to the profit they had expected,
ile was appointed chief justice of Chester, and made
king's sergeant in April, 1680, and croatcd a baronet.
He offended the House of Commons, and was repri-
manded on his knees. The office of recorder he gave
up December 2,1680.
" When the Oxford Parliament was dissolved in
1681, and Charles II resolved to destroy the Whigs,
Jeffreys became tho most efficient agent of Govern-
ment. He labored against the city of London, which
had been his first patron, and helped to extinguish
its liberties. He was of counsel for the Crown on
the trial of Lord Russell, and bore himself so villain-
ously that ho was made chief justice of England, in
order that he might effect the destruction of Algernon
Sidney. Ho was deeply concerned in several other
murders of the same kind and in the assaults on the
municipal corporations. Ho presided at the trial
of Oates and at that of Baxter, On May 15, 1685,
James II made him a peer, by the title of Baron Jef-
freys of Wem. lie was thesecond chief justice enno-
bled in England, Hubert de Burgh being the first.
In the summerof that year he was placed at the head
of a special commission to try persons accused of
having taken part in Monmouth's lebellion in the
countres composing the western circuit. Of tho pris-
oners brought before him three hundred and twenty
were hanged and eight hundred and forty-one or-
dered to bo transported and sold into the slavery of
the tropics. Others wore most barbarously punished
with scourgings,imprisonment, &c. Jeffreys boasted
that he liad hanged more traitors than all his prede-
cessors since the Conquest. His cruelty was all the
more offensive because he traded in pardons, and in
that way rich offenders escaped. That his aim was.
to please James II admits of no doubt, though in
after days the king declared that Jeffreys exceeded
his instructions, while the judge asserted that lie gave
offense by being too merciful.
" The king called his judge's doings 'the chief jus-
tice's campaign in the west.' Ho rewarded Jeffreys
by making him lord high chancellor of England,
September, 28.1685, which office he held until tho
downfall of the Stuarts, three years later. In the
If ouse of Peers he made a bad figure. Attempting to
bully the Peers, ho wasfirmly met, andso humiliated
that he wept. The court of high commission having
been revived, Jeffreys was appointed its president,
and took part in its worst acts. It was by his advice
that tho seven bishops were imprisoned and tried.
In 1688 the university of Oxford refused to electhim
their chancellor. There was not one of the deeds of
folly and crime that caused the overthrow of James
II to which Jeffreys was not a party; and when the
king was frightened into a change of policy Jeffreys
became his agent for good purposes. Jie carried back
its charter to tho city of London, and was hooted by
the people. When the king Jl$d from London he
took the great seal from Jeffreys and threw it into
the Thames. The ex-chancellor disguised himself,
and made arrangements to sail for Hamburg. He
might have escaped had he not returned to land for
the indulgence ot drunkenness, which led to his be-
ing recognized and seized. The mob wished to tear
him in pieces, but the authorities succeeded in placing
him in the Tower, December 32,1688. There he re-
mained lor upward of four months, when he died of
the stone, having much aggravated his disease by his
indulgence in drinking.
** Even to the last he could not be made to under-
stand that his conduct on the western circuit was bad,
and, tried by the standard ot his time, it was not so
heinous as it appears to us. He was the worst man
of a hard and ferocious age, and differed only in
degree, not in kind, from many of his contempora-
ries. Suffering constantly from disease peculiarly
trying to tho mind, and an habitual drunkard, his
actions were the consequence of infirmities and fail-
ings; and the chief fault was to be found in the kings
who placed him in positions where it was impossible
for him to act otherwise than as a beast of prey. It
is asserted that James II was so well pleased with
him that if the revolution had not occurred he was
to have received promotion in the peerage by the
title of earl of Flint. Lord Campbell says that,
'As a civil judge he was by no means without
high qualifications; and in the absence of any mo-
tive to do wrong ha was willing to do right;' and
that 'when quite sober ho was particularly good as
anmpn'«« judge.' Lord Macaulay, who has dealt
with his memory with almost as much severity as
Jeffreys dealt with the western Whigs, says. 4 His
enemies could not deny that he possessed some of
the qualities of a great judge. His legal knowledge,
indeed,was merely such as he had picked up in prac-
tice of no very high kind. But he had one of those
happily constituted intellects which, across laby-
rinths of sophistry and through masses of immate-
rial facts, go straight to the true point.' His biogra-
pher, Mr. Woolrych, who has done all that can be
done to place him well before men, says,' His bright,
sterling talents must be acknowledged; that intui-
tive perception which led him to penetrate in a
moment the thin veil of hypocrisy and show things
as they were must have its meed. Like Thurlow, he
had the especial gift of fastening on the true genius
of the cause, eliciting its nice point, and forming a
prompt decision on theright bases of equity and jus-
tice.' In spite of these eulogies few persons will
dissent from the declaration of Mr. Justice Foster,
that he was ' the very worst judge that ever disgraced
Westminster Hall."'
Sir, I have read that history with a meaning.
The condition of this country to-day, in my
judgment, is not dissimilar to the condition
of that in which this bad man wielded and ex-
ercised the power he did. There was a revo-
lution, and this man was sent to exercise the
revenge and hate of the then despotic power
which held sway and dominion over Great
Britain. We, sir, have become, as it were,
separated from a great rebellion. And what
position do we occupy to-day? Is there peace
at the South? Is there a spirit of harmonious
influence here in this Senate toward those
people? Is there government among those
people? Bo their occupations prosper? Are
they not in a state of chronic revolation ? And
have you not had four long years in which to
assure peace among that people ? Is there jus-
tice in this land ? Who that is a poor man
dare take one that is rich before any court in
this land? Is there individual protection? Is
there citizen protection in this land of liberty?
Mr. President, if a railroad, or manufacturer,
or a rich man is brought to the bar of any court,
in this land by a man not as well off as he, or
a poor man, all the nice points of the law and
the arrangements and knowledge of judicial
precedents are brought to bear to defeat the
poor and the weak. If in despotic France you
interfere so as to injure the meanest of its citi-
zens the whole power of the Government comes
in for his protection.
It is my intention, if I know how, to give
the exact condition m whi'ch this country is
now, hoping and trusting that by thus speak-
ing what 1 know there will be a remedy for
the difficulty.
I have mentioned heretofore that there was
nothing grander in the history of this age than
the conduct of the British Government when
she dispatched her armies to distant Abyssinia
to vindicate the personal liberties of a few
simple Engl'sh citizens. Who is therein this
assembly that would ask for like action on the
part of the Government of the United States ?
I have called to the individual attention of
Senators, and I have called to the attention of
the body, the fact of the loss of nearly all—I
may say to-day all of your industrial interests ;
but the apathy which seems to have been in-
oculated into every nerve and into every vein
of this body and of the country will not allow
them to believe it until the mischief is upon
them. Your immigration fell off thirty thou-
sand last year from the year before. Why is
that so ? Is it not a clear case that it must be
so? Where can these people obtain employ-
ment by coming here? If they take posses-
sion of the farms at the West can they produce
sufficient to supply themselves, at the cost of
everything now, with the ordinary necessaries
of life? Sir, it cannot be done. They can-
not come here, and is it not a shame and a dis-
grace to all your legislation that it should be
so? Three hundred thousand Germans and
Irish come to this country with money in their
pockets; and let me ask you of the eastern
States do you send men and women and chil-
dren to the West with money in their pockets?
It ought to be known that the land on which
at home those immigrants cultivate their crops
and maintain their families and obtain the
means to travel here and buy your property is
a patch of ground no bigger than this Senate
Chamber.
You have lost your commerce. You ask
the reason for it; and there is not a man in
this Chamber that gives a satisfactory reason
for the loss except and because we are not pay-
ing specie for our bill. The reason is plain
and simple that the construction of your Treas-
ury is such that you, in common with the cap-
italists of this country, are speculating upon
every industry and upon every laboring occu-
pation. That is the reason, and there is no
other. I told you the other day that the con-
dition in which the crops of the South were
placed consequent on high prices was the most
dangerous and disastrous position that it was
possible to place them, for the apparent high
prices here give a stimulus to the operations
in and the production of cotton in Egypt, in
India, and in Brazil. It is my deliberate judg-
ment, and nobody can gainsay it, that in five
years you will be clamoring here for a tariff
to keep out foreign cotton. How are you going
to pay your debts with that state of things?
Send more bonds to Europe, send more of
your capital away from the industries of the
people!
I have mentioned and read the history of
England prior to the revolution of 1688. Her
people were distressed beyond measure, her
people were persecuted; the popish rule
under James II persecuted to an extent hardly
known in the history of such persecution, and
in 1G88 that distressed people called a new
administration to the head of affairs and rem-
edied the difficulty ; for will a people submit
long to a condition of tilings wherein they have
no employment for their labor ? They will
submit if they are in a condition of slavery,
not otherwise. If our people now look around
them, lcok beyond the waters, and find that
there are Governments that give protection
and employment to their citizens they will, if
they be not slaves, ask why, with our free
institutions, with this magnificent inheritance,
with this great land, and with a climate beyond
that of any other country in the world in its
ability to produce everything which man re-
quires, why is this so? I have pointed to the
material condition of this country; I have
told you that the farmers in the West cannot
produce anything by which they can be profit-
ably employed or the wealth of the nation
enhanced. I have been met by the argument
that if you get as much compensation from a
small crop as you get from a large crop the
wealth of the nation is as great. I have not
thought it worth while to answer that argu-
ment ; but it has maintained itself here in this
body and it is believed. Is it worth while far
me, when the answer seems so plain, that I
should burden the attention of the Senate with
a refutation of that idea ?
We were told that the tax on cotton was of
great advantage to the eastern manufacturers ;
that it would give us the monopoly of the
manufacturing of the world j that we should
