1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
burden the cotten planter with a tax of three
cents a pound, compelling him to go into the
market at twenty-five per cent, per annum to
obtain that three cents, enhancing the cost of
his production to that extent, and then, by
giving to the American manufacturer a draw-
back of three cents per pound, he could sup-
ply the markets of the world. There are Sen-
ators here who believed that statement. I tell
them that in the matter of interest the differ-
ence in the cost of capital in this country and
in England would alone overcome that differ-
ence. I say to them that the difference in the
cost of labor would alone overcome that differ-
ence ; the difference in the cost of supply and
transportation would alone overcome that dif-
ference. That is the advice that has been
received here and acted upon in the manage-
ment of your taxes.
But that which is more terrible than any
other is the advice that has been acted upon
in reference to the greater subject, and that
which underlies all others, that which either
makes a freeman of the citizen or a slave, and
that is the finances of this Government. The
Senator from Ohio himself distrusts his own
judgment in reference to the policy he has
been pursuing. The power that controlled the
action of this Senate is the banker's advice and
judgment, and nobody else's. The power that
regulated and controlled the men that 1 have
referred to in the history of England believed
that they were sincere; they certainly felt de-
vout; they certainly felt that they were pur-
suing earnestly aud energetically the behests
of the father who gave them being; they felt
that it was essential to the liberties and to the
happiness of the English people that the Prot-
estants should be oppressed and the Papists
should assume and control the destinies of
that country. They were honest, perhaps, in
the desire to hold power through that influ-
ence of the English nation aud to control her
destinies.
I do not arraign before this bar or elsewhere
the banking advice which has been received
here. The bankers have undoubtedly given
the best advice that they knew how to give ;
but it is the experience of every business man
that a banker, a man dealing in money, knows
no more about the relation which money assumes
toward any other occupation than he does about
a matter which is a million of miles from him
and which he never heard of. The men who
have assumed to dictate and to determine the
financial policy of this country know no more
about the requirements, about the necessities,
about the character of the employments of the
people of this country than if they never lived;
and yet, sir. these men, whom I have tried in
my own business, and who have tied that busi-
ness in such a manner as to embarrass and
almost to destroy it; these men, who whenever
they depart from their occupation of counting
money have always failed both in the advice
they have given and in the manipulation of any
other business, are to-day dictating to this body
the financial policy which should control us.
If such is the condition of the legislation of
the country how can you make it right to take
on yourselves the executive function ? it was
my intention to say a word as to the relations
that subsist between me and one or two of the
members of this body, and to gather from that
whether under that condition of things this was
a wise body to make important selections for
the officers who were to be the agents in the
execution of the laws, but I will reserve that
for a future occasion.
1 have spoken as to the material interests of
the country, I have spoken as to the political
influences that control them, but 1 have not
spoken of the condition of American society
at the present time. Can legislators find any-
thing to console and comfort them in their
examination of the state of domestic society
and social condition among the people of the
United States ? I know something of the char-
acter of the people whom you have been taught
to despise under other Governments, and if I
am an impartial judgs that examination has
given to me the belief that the state of Ameri-
can society to-day has less virtue, less morality
in it, than that of any civilized Government in
the world. Is that the fault of your legisla-
tion ? The difference between those who pos-
sess accidental fortunes and those who live by
their daily labor is the cause of that demoraliza-
tion. It is that striving of those who are rich
to be richer and the striving of the poor to
imitate the rich, and in that contest virtue is
lost. Where is there a father who leaves his
house with any security ? Where is there a
mother who sends her son into the world, sub-
ject to the temptations that are about him,
without alarm? Where is there a husband
who closes his doors with satisfaction ? Where
is the father, who has an anxious care over his
daughter, willing to have her leave his eye and
bis protection against the temptations that are
around her? There is to this an echo in the
mind of every man who hears me. Is that a
comfortable state of things on which Senators
rely in safety and in security? You stand on
the verge of an avalanche, you are on the brink
of a precipice, and nobody knows it. There
is a paralysis throughout this body and through-
out the country. I have pointed to Mexican
society, I have pointed to Spanish society, I
have pointed to Italian society, and if I have
read anything I find that when they, powerful,
civilized, refined, commenced the demoraliza-
tion and loss of honor and virtue and pros-
perity, they occupied a similar position to that
in which this country is placed to-day.
I favored the election of General Grant in
opposition to the aspirations of one connected
with me by family ties. 1 did that because 1
felt that Grant had not learned the practices of
those who had had charge of the Government,
that he would have capacity to see through the
intricacies of the things about him, and would
judge more correctly of the exact condition in
which things were, unbiased, unprejudiced,
uninfluenced. I watched his inaugural with
anxiety. I listened to every word that he
uttered. I watched his countenance. I re-
sponded to the words wherein he professed
himself to be the champion of freedom and lib-
erty ; that he should be independent and fear-
less in the discharge of his duties ; but I went
away with a sorrowing heart when I heard that
clause in his inaugural that he would protect
the Government debt. 1 saw that the canker
that had possessed the body-politic of the
American nation had got to him. I went away
disheartened, sorrowing, alarmed. But, sir. ]
will not give up the ship, even with that im-
pression. I hope he will discover the euor
into which he has been led by bad advisers,
and will retract, retrograde, turn away as he
would from a charnel-house.
Sir, when I look beyond this Chamber, when
I examine into the condition of things at your
Departments, when I call upon the President
of the United States, tired and wearied in the
discharge of duties thrust upon him by mem-
bers of this body and the other House in ref-
erence to immaterial matters, what hope is
there that any public and momentous question
will receive or can receive any consideration
from him? When I go to the Treasury De-
partment and see the hosts of men pressing
forward from this body and the other llouse
and from the whole country, and see the effect
it has upon the energies and upon the appear-
ance of its head, can the American people
expect the consideration of any question other
than these immaterial and senseless questions?
Can they expect that the greatquestions neces-
sary to the prosperity and happiness of the
people will receive any possible consideration ?
There is no hope in that direction.
Mr. President, I am no orator like Patrick
Henry, who the other day was cited as repre-
senting the profession that I felt it my duty to
criticise; but like him I am unacquainted with
the mysteries of the law and of its practice.
Patrick Henry came into the arena of,polities
in defense of the liberties of the people, and
he maintained that status until he died. Are
there those here and elsewhere who have ob-
tained high positions in representing the liber-
ties of the people, their freedom, their well-
being? May they not profit by his exam-
ple? And may they not criticise the attitude
that they to-day take toward the American
people? It may be that they take it unadvis-
edly ; it may be that they take it without knowl-
edge of the exact position that they occupy ;
but they, too, occupy a position in defense of
power, and contrary and in antagonism to the
interests of the great mass of the American
people.
I have in my hand a remedy for these diffi-
culties ; but it will not bo in the judgment of
this body. Itis not a manufacturer, or aman
of commerce, or a man whose experience has
been as mine has, who can make any impres-
sion upon a body thus constituted.
One word, sir, in reference to the "manu-
facturer." lie was at school and at work in
his thirteenth year under the guidauce of a
sainted mother, and to her he attributes all
that there is good in his nature. His father
died by the assassin's blow. For ten longyears
that dagger rested in his heart. In his daily
avocations and in his nightly dreams he felt
the blow that deprived him of his father. Sir,
the blows that he has sometimes felt here were
not dissimilar. The blow struck by the Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] the other day
dropped deep into my heart and reminded me
of the incident which I have related. At the
death of his father his estate when settled up
would not have left a dollar to his family. That
is the "rich manufacturer" that talks to yon
to-day. Thrust then into the counting-room,
performing its lowest drudgeries, raising him-
self to all of its highest positions, at twenty-
six he was left, with the interest under his sole
charge. In 1SG0 or 1801 he had succeeded in
giving to this country the largest, the best-
arranged, the most successful and prosperous
establishment of the kind in the world. He
took ground politically, almost by instinct, in
opposition to the course of public sentiment,
lie did not know that for forty years that pub-
lic sentiment had been wrought up to the pitch
of frenzy, blinded both to its own interests and
to the danger that surrounded it. He did not
know of the condition of that other people who
were similarly situated. When the war came,
in the defense of the whole country he made
that appearance before the American public
which fastened all eyes upon the movement.
The people felt the exigencies and dangers for
the first time when that movement attracted
public attention. I will make bnt one illustra-
tion as to the feeling of the public mind couch-
ing those who had had charge of public affairs.
It may not be in the knowledge of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] but it is in the knowledge of his
friends, that they felt called upon to obtain
indorsement and approval and recommenda-
tion of his reelection to this body in conse-
quence of the danger of his being left at home,
considering the state of affairs that then ex-
isted. That shows the state of the public mind
at that period. Since then they have had oilier
teachings, been governed by other advice, aud
have formed different conclusions.
Mr. President, I know well how to cure the
disease that I have mentioned. I have a sure
remedy; one that will interfere with nobody,
one that will extricate this people from the
slavery that is impending over them, and give
them liberty and prosperity. Instead of the
discussions pending this bill, instead of this
grasping for power or for the continuance of
power that animates this body, it is my judg-
ment, that they will do welt to give attention
to that which is higher and more important to
the welfare of this people than any measure
that can be before them.
.Mr. MeCHEERY. I move that the Senate
adiourn.
Mr. TKUMBULL and Mr. CONKLING.
I hope not.
The PRESIDENT .pro tempore, unless the
Senator from Rhode Island yields the floor the
motion cannot be entertained.
