1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
within thirty days after the commencement of
each session of the Senate (except for any
offices which in his opinion ought not to be
filled) to nominate persons," &e. Plain peo-
ple might perhaps understand that that was an
intimation to the President to fill no offices
which in his judgment do not need to be
filled. The laws of Congress provide for
offices and for the filling of them; Congress pro-
vides for such offices as it thinks are necessary
for the proper administration of the public
service, and it is possible that the Senate of
the United States is willing to say to tlie Presi-
dent, "You may or may not fill this or that
office as iu your discretion seems proper."
Under the laws of the United States a district
attorney is necessary for the southern district
of New York, for example. Will the Senate,
even by implication, admit that if the Presi-
dent in his discretion thinks that that office
ought not to be filled he may refuse to appoint
a district attorney for the southern district of
New York? The law to-day requires the ap-
pointment of a Special Commissioner of Reve-
nue. I have no doubt that some of the Sena-
tors would be glad to dispense with that office
and that officer; but the law provides for the
office and for an officer to fill it and to perform
the duties which the law requires of the officer
filling that office. Pass this bill, as it stands,
and the President will have the right to infer
that the judgment of the Senate is that if in
his discretion he thinks that office ought not
to be filled he may leave it vacant, and so of
all the offices throughout the countiy. The
President has the right to infer from this en-
actment that it isin his disciotion what offices
shall be filled and what shall not be filled, but
allowed to go vacant. I should like after I
am through to have the Senator from Illinois
explain the propriety of such a proposition m
this bill.
But, Mr. President, my objection to this bill
is not so much to the details of it as it is to the
principle. The true point of difference among
Senators has been between a suspension of tlie
tenure-of office law and its repeal. As has
been repeatedly said in the course of the dis-
cussion, the law is either a good law and ought
to be retained, or it is a bad one and ought to
be repealed. There is no middle course, in
my judgment, to occupy unless it be the purely
partisan ground assumed (lie other day by my
friend from Nebraska [Mr. Thayer J and my
friend from Missouri, I MLHiaki:.] Take
their ground and you may make a compromise
such as is now pioposcd. They claim that to
the victors belong the spoils.'' and that this
law having been enacted for the purpose of
preventing the President fiom depiivmg the
victors of the spoils, it ought lobe lepealedso
that now the wctois may have the full benefit
of the spoils. 1 do not agree to that idea in
its largest sense; but in the mutter of proscrip
tion for opinion's sake I do believe in it. J do
believe in proscribing men for their political
opinions, not socially, not in personal, domes-
tic, or business relations, but, 1 think official
and political positions should be filled with
some reference to the political opinions of the
incumbents. 1 believe in that idea, because
the American people believe in it. It is an
American idea essentially, and it is part and
parcel of the American political system that
men because of their political opinions should
be politically proscribed. Why, sir, what is
the result of your presidential election? Take
the last election. There were presented to the
people two men equal in ability, in honesty, in
integrity—men against neither of whom could
be breathed a word of suspicion as to then-
personal fitness and their personal character;
one was proscribed because of his political
opinions, and the other was ele vated and chosen
because of his political opinions. So, sir,
because the American people believe in pro-
scription for political opinions I believe in it,
and I believe it is light.
But, sir, there is another difficulty with me
• in this amendment proposed by the Committee
on the Judiciary ; and that is, that it is meas-
urably a mere suspension; it is a sort of dis-
pensation given to this President, who is now
in accord with the dominant party in this
Chamber and in the other House of Congress.
It is true there is nothing in the Constitution
that prohibits Congress from dispensing its
favors; there is nothing that' prohibits Con-
gress from passing dispensatory laws ; but it
is just as much a violation of the spirit of the
Constitution, it is a violation of the American
idea of government, just as much as though it
was expressly prohibited in the Constitution.
What is it ? The tenure- of-office law was passed
to meet the emergency of the last four years,
it is said. There was, as the Senator from
Maine said in the discussion of the law when
it was first upon its passage, an emergency that
required and justified the interposition of Con-
gress in the passage of the law, and what was
it? It was that the President then in power
was disposed to remove from office the friends
of the dominant party in Congress and put in
their stead his friends.
That was the emergency that was the occa-
sion for the action of Congress. Wc may talk
as much as we please here in the Senate Cham-
ber about the principle; we may talk as much
as we please about the constitutional power
and right of the Senate to participate in re-
movals as well as in appointments ; but you
can never make the plain people believe that
that law was passed for any other purpose than
to save to the dominant party in Congress what
they could of the offices and of the patronage
of the Executive. In the judgment of the
majority iu Congress that emergency seemed
to be sufficient, and the requirements of the
occasion appeared to warrant the passage of
the law. Now, when the tables are turned,
and when there is a President in office who is
in accord with the majority in Congress, it is
proposed to modify, not to repeal the law ; you
are not willing to repeal it, but yon propose
to modify it for this particular instance and for
this particular person, to allow him to exercise
his discretion in the way of removals.
Sir, just after the Forty-First Congress mot
the Piesident of the United States sent here
nominations for his Cabinet. Among them
was one who, under the law as it then stood,
was ineligible, could not take the office. The
President, after discovering that, sent to the
Senate a message asking Congress to remove
that disability, to suspend that law so far as
that particular person was concerned. It is true
that that message came before the committees
were organized, and it could not be, or was
not, referred to its proper committee, and was
not eoiisidcied in committee or by the Senate.
I am aware, too, of the fact that a Senator in-
troduced a bill to relieve this person from the
operation of that law; and that bill was not
considered ; but I should like to know what
Senator there is here who would have risen in
his place and seriously asked Congress to dis-
pense with that law and relieve that, person
from its operation. A\hy would it not have
been done? Because that law was passed to
meet precisely that sort of case. It was to
prevent the appointment of just such men as
A. T. Stewart, that that law was passed. Just
such men as he the Congress of 178'J, when
they passed that law, had in view, and made the
law to prevent them from holding the olficc.
And, sir, who does not know that if Congress
had attempted to remove that disability and
suspend the operation of that law so far as this
person was concerned the country would have
denounced a Congress that could have passed
such a measure. We have not, of course, the
benefit of the consideration of a. committee,
nor have we the benefit of the expression of
the opinions of individual Senators upon that
subject; but I think we all understood it; it
was in the atmosphere of this Chamber, and
we all felt it,; we felt it, as the heat upon the
outstretched palm, that the suspension of that
law would be the exercise on the part of Con-
gress of a power which they ought not to exer-
cise, which they did not legitimately possess.
Now, sir, what is there in this case ? This
bill, so far as it repeals the first and second "
sections of the t,enure-of-office act, is nothing
more nor less than a suspension of that law for
this particular person and this particular indi-
vidual. I am not to be told that, sometimes
we suspend the operation of laws. We do
suspend sometimes the operation of laws, per-
haps, in reference to the collection of revenue,
general laws operating upon all alike; but
here is a law operating upon an officer, an
individual, limiting and restricting his powers;
and for him you propose to dispense with this
law and allow him to exercise his powers in
this regard at his pleasure and at his discre-
tion.
Mr. Sedgwick in his discussion of the proper,
legitimate powers of a Legislature comes finally
to the conclusion, among other things, that, a
Legislature ought not to exercise, and really
does r.ot legitimately possess, the power of dis-
pensing to individuals or classes of persons.
Ho says :
" That a statuto which disponses in favor of soaio
particular individual with thegeneral rules govern-
ing similar cases does not come within tho rightful
attributes of legislative power."
Mr. President, there is in the American idea
and the American system nothing better estab-
lished than tliat the Legislature ought not,
even if it has the power, to dispense with gen-
eral laws and general regulations for individ-
uals or for classes or for persons, and that is
simply what this bill proposes to do. If .this
law is suspended in the manner proposed by
the report of the committee, at the expiration
of four years there may be a change of admin-
istration, and the Senate, remaining as it is polit-
ically, as it probably will, the law may be con-
tinued. But suppose that the Senate should be
changed, and that Congress should bo changed
politically, and this law should be repealed?
Congress then would change the law in the
interest of the majority in the two Houses at
the time. Your suspension or your modifica-
tion of the law as proposed by the committee
settles nothing. Is there a principle involved?
How do you settle it by this bill? Nothing by
this legislation is settled, nothing established ;
but the only authority that it may have will be
by way of a precedent, and that is that the
dominant majorities in Congress, whatever
they may bo at each period of fouryears, may
change the law to suit themselves, limiting and
restricting (he power of the President or leav-
ing liim free to act for himself.
Sir, this law lias cost this country too much
in the way of dollars and cents ; it has cost too
much anxiety on the part of the people to be
disposed of in this sort of way. Why, sir, a
President was impeached and nearly removed
Irom his office because of an alleged violation
of Ibis law. The country was in a state of
anxiety never before known, never before felt,
and the nations of the world looked on with
doubts and misgivings as to the success of our
American system of government while that
trial of impeachment was pending, and all
because of this law. And yet, notwithstand-
ing all that, you propose to evade, to escape,
to get away from its limitations and restrictions
when they come to operate upon your own
friends.
In my judgment this law ought either to be
retained or to be repealed, one or the other,
and any other course settles nothing. By the
proposition now pending no principle is set-
tled, no question in regard to the relation of
the executive and legislative departments of
the Government is settled, no question of the
power of Congress is settled, no question as
to the power of the Executive is settled, but
everything is leftopen, and you simply establish
the precedent that a dominant, controlling
two-thirds majority of Congress may encroach
upon the executive department, may limit and
restrict and control it so far as your legislation
can, and that when the majority happens to
agree personally or politically with the Exec-
utive all these limitations and restrictions may
be removed. Sir, with so little settled, with so
little determined and so little definitely estab-
