248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
lished by the action of Congress, the American
people will not be satisfied.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, its title
was amended to read: ''A bill to amend an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices."
executive session.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spentin executive
session the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 24, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committee on civil service.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the select. Com-
mittee on the Reorganization of the Civil Ser-
vice of the Government on the part of the
House be continued as a committee of this
House until the Senate join.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the House non-concurred in the
resolution of the Senate rescinding the order
for the appointment of this committee.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be en-
tered upon the Journal.-
election contest wallace vs. simpson.
Mr. KERR submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which, with an accompanying memorial,
was referred to the Committee of Elections :
Iteeolved, That further time, for sixty days from tho
1st of April next, be eivon to the parties to take
testimony in tho contested-election case of A. S.
Wallaceagainst W. I). Simpson, from the fourth
congressional district of South Carolina.
election contest iioge vs. reed.
Mr. KERR also submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections:
ttemhe'l. That further time, for sixty days from
the 30th of Mnrch instant, bo given to the parties to
take testimony in the contestcd-eleetion case of S.
L. Roge Hgainst J. P. Keed, from the third congres-
sional district of South Carolina, to be used as the
testimony heretofore taken.
mrs. mary morgan.
Mr. WH1TTEMORE. by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R No. 247) to pay
Mrs. Alary Morgan, of Georgetown, South
Carolina, widow of John Morgan, of George-
town, South Carolina, for rice taken by the
United States in 1865; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. WHITTEMORE also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a hill (H. R. No. 248) to
regulate the m.unier of applying to Congress
for the removal of political disabilities imposed
by the third eection of the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
district court for, iowa.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (fit. R. No, 249) concerning
tbe district court of the United States for the
district of Iowa; which was read a first and
second lime, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
pom of entry at council bluffs.
Mr. PALMER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 250) to establish
a port of entry at Couucil Bluffs, Iowa ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
■reconsideration of references.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I mo.ve to reconsider the
several votes by which the bills introduced this
morning have been referred ; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
protection of immigrants.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the necessity of further
legislation for the better protection of immigrants
on the high seas, and the practicability of establish-
ing such institutions and arrangements at tbe prin-
cipal immigrant ports of the Union as may tend to
secure to all immigrants protection and assistance
until they are able to startfor their respective plaoes
of settlement.
Mr. FOX. I object.
joseph anderson.
Mr. STOKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
milted from the Committee of Claims a report
on the case of Joseph Anderson, of Nashville,
Tennessee, claiming compensation for lumber
used by the United States; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. BE AM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fourteenth constitutional amendment.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 251) to enforce the
third section of the fourteenth article of the
amendments of the Constitution of the United
States ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
land district in wyoming territory.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Public
Lands the bill (H. R. No. 134) to establish a
land district in Wyoming Territory, and for
other purposes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I reserve the right to
object after we have heard the bill read.
The SPEAKER The bill will be read,
after which there will be an opportunity to
object to its consideration.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the public lands of the United
States in the Territory of Wyoming shall con-
stitute a land district, to be called the district
of Wyoming, the office for which shall be
established at such place within the district as
the President of the United States may from
time to time direct; and the preemption laws
are to be extended to the Territory.
The second section authorizes the President
of the United States to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a sur-
veyor general for Wyoming, who shall locate
his office at such place as the Secretary of the
Interior shall from time to time direct, and
whose duties, powers, obligations, responsi-
bilities. compensation, and allowances for
clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and incidental
expenses shall be the same as those of the
surveyor general of Colorado, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, and such
instructions as he may from time to time deem
advisable to give him.
The third section authorizes the President
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a register and receiver for the
district, who shall respectively be required to
reside at the site of the land office, and who
shall have the same powers, perform the same
duties, and receive the same compensation as
are now or may hereafter be prescribed by law
for other land offices of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to occupy one minute in
making a statement to show why this bill ought
to be acted on now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I may ask consent
to make a short statement in reply.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, settlers are
pouring into this young Territory of Wyoming,
and are desirous to establish their homesteads
there. The Union Pacific railroad runsthrough
that Territory. It is utterly impossible with-
out surveys for the settlement and occupancy
of the public domain to go on. This is an
ordinary bill extending the surveys to accom-
modate the settlers who now, in the spring of
the year, desire to locate and settle on the
lands, and thereby contribute to the national
wealth. I hope there will be no objection to
the passage of this bill. It is simply ordinary
legislation in a case where it is needed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The reason why I
object is that this is multiplying offices where
they are unnecessary. Wyoming Territory is
made out of part of Dakota, and the land dis-
trict of the two is now no larger than it was
when it was all comprised in Dakota. There
is no difficulty in the world in putting Wyoming
under the same provision that applies to Da-
kota. We have the authority of the Commit-
tee on the Territories that there is very little
land that anybody would care to settle upon
in Wyoming, and therefore, seeing no necessity
for multiplying districts and officers, I object
to the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill is not before the House.
kigiits of actual settlers.
Mr. AXTELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (E. R. No. 252) amendatory of
an act to protect the rights of actual settlers
upon the public lands of the United States,
approved July 27, 1868, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
minnesota state university.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 253)
authorizing the allowance of the claim of the
State of Minnesota to lands for the support
of a State university; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. NIBLACIC, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 254) to equalize the
bounties of soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served in the late war for the Union ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
actual settlers in kansas.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) to
enable actual settlers on certain lands within
the State of Kansas, known as the Cherokee
strip, to purchase said lands ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
sale o-path-o-la-ho-la.
Mr. CLARKE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 255) for the relief
of Sale 0 path-o-la-ho la and her family, iieirs
of the late O-path-o-la-ho-la; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the votes
by which the several bills and resolutions were
referred: and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
equalization of bounties.
Mr. JULIAN. I would inquire of my col-
league if the bill he introduced in regard to
bounties provides for bounties in lands?
Mr. N1BLACK. It provides for scrip which
may be used in the location of land.
Mr. JULIAN. Iask its reference, then, to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. As a motion to recon-
sider the reference lias been made and laid on
the table, the reference cannot be changed
except by unanimous consent.
