1869.
THlf CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24 9
Mr. NIBLACK. I shall make no objection.
Mr. CULLOM. I object. !
ELECTION CONTEST EUGLESl'ON YS. STRADER. j
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections, to whom was referred the
resolution extending the time for taking testi-
mony in the case of the first district of Ohio,
to report back the same with a substitute, upon
which I ask the action of the House:
Keiolved. That in the contested-election cass of
Benjamin Eggleston ®«. Peter W. Strader. from tlio
fust district ot Ohio, twenty days be granted to the
fitting member from and alter the 5th of April, 1869,
to take testimony, and that a like peiioil of twenty
days after the expiration of that time be granted to
the contestant to take rebutting evidence only.
Mr. BURR. I ask the chairman of the
committee if he will permit me to offer an
amendment, and briefly give the reasons for it.
Mr. PAINE. While i am not. permitted to
accept an amendment, I will allow the gentle-
man to oiler one; but I hope he will not con-
sume more than two or three minutes.
Mr. BURR. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the word "twenty" where
it first occurs and inserting "forty.''
Mr. PAINE. I permit that amendment to
be offered with the understanding that not
more than three minutes shall be consumed in
discussion.
Mr. BURR. I will state the reason for sub-
mitting my motion. The gentleman applying
for this extension of time, [Mr. Stradeii,] who
occupies the seat, has presented to the com-
mittee what I regarded as sufficient reason in
support of his application for forty days. He
has presented it in a form which appeals to me
as a sufficient legal showing, but there are,
in addition, some surrounding circumstances
which impel me to offer this amendment aside
from the reasons which he has himself assigned.
The patty contesting his seat has not even yet
commenced the takingoftestimony. He served
notice that he would commence taking testi-
mony on the fifty-third day of the sixty allowed
by law for that purpose, leaving only seven of
the sixty days which could be used by the
adverse party, unless the party standing in the
position of respondent anticipates the proof
intended by the party contesting his seat.
There being but seven days left of the sixty
by the neglect of the contestant in the case, I
think the paity applying as respondent ought
to be permitted to have forty days additional
to answer, and paiticularly as the resolution,
if amended in accordance with my motion,
will give the contestant twenty days in addi-
tion after the expiration of the forty days em-
braced in my motion. I hope the House will
give this time to the sitting member, who has
sworn upon oath that it is necessary for him
to have it in order successfully to present his
case. Hud the party contesting the seat pro-
ceeded with reasonable diligence the sixty
days would have been perhaps ample for both,
but iiis neglect during iifty-tiiree of the sixty
days and his consumption of the remaining
seven in taking his testimony cuts off all time
for the sitting member, unless tlieHouse shall
extend it, and in extending it I desire to make
it forty instead of twenty dajs.
Mr. PAINE. The whole subject was very
fully and thoroughly considered by the com-
mittee, and the committee recommend the
resolution as it stands. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; being first on the
amendment offered by Mr. Burr.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
63, noes 55.
Mr. BURR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 93, not voting
52; as follows •
YEAS—Messrs. Asper, Axtell. Beck. Bigtre.. Bird.
Brooks. Burr, Galkm. CI v.'land. Crcbs. Dickinson.
Eid-idgo, Fox. (letz. ffolladav. Greene. Uaietit,
llaldemnn. llambleton, flamitl. Ilolman. Johnson.
Thomas L. Jones. Kerr. Knott. Marshall. Mavham.
McCormick. McNeelv. Moffet. Morgan. Munsten,
Niblack, Randall, Reading, Beeves, Rice, facHu-
maker, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stone,
Swann, Sweeney,Trimble.Van Trump,Wells, Euaene
M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, ami Woodward—51.
NAYS—.Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Bailey,
Banks, Beaanaii, Beatty,Benjamin. Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles. Buffinton, Benjamin F.But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke,
Coburn, Took, Congor, Cowles. Culloni, Dawes,
Dickey. Dixon, Doekery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, fer-
riss, Finkelnburg, ITitcb, Garfield, GlifiUan, Haw-
kins, Hay, Ileaton, Hoar. Hopkins, Alexander II.
Jones, Julian, Keteham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash. Law-
rence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
Meicur, Eiiakun H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel
J.Morrell, Samuel P.Morrill, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard. Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Pumeroy,
Prosscr, Sanford, Sargent, Scofield, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stevfnson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner,
Townsend. Tvncr, Upson. C.idwalader C.Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler. Whitte-
more,Wilkmson, YVillai-(l, William;, John T.Wilson,
"Winans. and Witeher—93.
MOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Bowen, Boyd, Burdott, Cake, Araasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Davis, Deweeso, Eta, Farns-
worth, Ferry, Fisher. Griswoid, Hale, Hamilton,
Ifawley, Hill. Hons, Hooper, llotckkiss, Ingersoll,
Jencltes, Judd, lCelley, Kelsey, Logan, Lynch, Mc-
Grew, Jesso II. Moore, Morrissey, Peters, Poland,
Potter, Rogers, Roots, Sawyer. Scbenck, Shanks,
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Strader, Tatfe, Tillman,
Twicliell, Van Auken, Van Horn, Voorhees, and
"Ward—52,
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TtlH NINTH CENSUS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
select Committee on the Ninth Census to report
a bill and ask that it be recommitted to the
committee and ordered to be printed; and I
give notice that it is the intention of the com-
mittee to call it up for action on Tuesday next.
The bill (H. R. No. 250) to provide for
taking the ninth and subsequent censuses was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the committee, and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST ELLIOTT YS. ItOGJiRS.
Mr. PAINE presented papers relating to the
contested-election case of Elliott vs. Rogers,
from the second congressional district of Ark-
ansas ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
ELECTION CONTEST CAMERON VS. HOOTS.
Mr. KERR submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee of
Elections :
lirtolved, That the time for tho taking of testimony
in the contested-election caso of C. S. Cameron v-i.
L. 11. Knot", from the first congressional district of
Arkansas, be extended for sixty days to both parties
liom and after the expuation of tho sixty days
allowed by law.
NATIONAL JUNCTION KAII.WAY.
Mr. MUNGEN. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill pending at
the adjournment yesterday, being Senate bill
No. G2, to incorporate the National Junction
Kail way Company.
The first section of tho bill provides that
James A. Magruder, John L. Kidwell, C. H.
Cragan, John W. Thompson, Hallet Kilbourn,
Alexander R. Xheppard, and William II. Ten-
nev, of the District of Columbia, together
with such other persons as may become associ-
ated with them for that purpose, together with
their successors, arc hereby created and erected
into a body corporate and politic, in deed and
in law, by the name and title of the Natiotial
Junction'Railway Company, and by that name
have perpetual succession, and shall be able to
sue and to be sued, to plead and be impleaded,
to defend and be defended, in the courts of
law and equity within the District of Colum-
bia, and may use a common seal, and may
adopt by-laws for the regulation of its govern-
ment.
The second section provides that the said
corporation is hereby fully authorized and em-
powered to survey, locate, lay out, construct,
collect tolls upon, maintain, and enjoy a rail-
way liue, with appurtenances and machinery
necessary for one or more tracks within the
District of Columbia, commencing at the north-
ern terminus of the aqueduct bridge, in the
city of Georgetown, or at some eligible point
on the south shore of the Potomac river above
and near said bridge; thence by a tunnel
through College hill in a northwesterly direc-
tion : thcnce by the most feasible route, cross-
ing Rock creek, entering the city of Washing-
ton and passing through either S, T, or U
street west, around the city of Washington,
crossing the branches of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad upon the legally-established
grades of the city of Washington in such a
manner as not to be dangerous to passengers
and trains on either road; thence to a point
most feasible on the Potomac river or Eastern
Branch of the same at or near the navy-yard,
at a point to be indicated by the Secretary of
tho Navy, with the rights, powers, and privi-
leges to construct the said road, the grades of
the road to be approved by the authorities of
the cities of Washington and Georgetown;
also the privileges of locating and constructing
a grand union depot on the line of said road,
at some point between Third street west and
Fourteenth street west in Washington city;
also a similar depot at some convenient point
in Georgetown, near the said aqueduct.
The third section provides that, the capital
stock of said National Junction railway shall
consist of five thousand shares of $100 each,
which shall in all respects be deemed personal
property, and shall be transferable in such
manner as the by-laws of said company shall
provide.
Tho fourth section provides that it shall be
lawful for the said National Junction Railway
Company, if deemed necessary, to borrow from
tune to time sums of money not exceeding
$500,000, and to issue bonds therefor, bearing
interest not exceeding seven per cent., payable
semi-annually, and to mortgage as security
therefor all the corporate rights, franchises,
property, real and personal, of whatever kind
soever, belonging to said company.
The fifth section provides that the persons
herein named as corporators, or a majority of
them, shall, within ninety days after the pas-
sage and approval of this act, meet in the city
of Washington for the purpose of prescribing
regulations for opening books of subscription
to said capital stock, at such times and place
as they may designate, by public notice of at
least ten days in two daily papers in the city
of Washington ; and said books shall be kept
open until $200,000 of said stock shall bo sub-
scribed, and ten per cent, on ail subscriptions
shall be paid in lawful money at the time of
subscribing to the person or persons author-
ized by the corporators to receive the same ;
and whenever that amount shall have been
subscribed, and ten per cent, of the same paid
in as above described, it shall be the duty of
the above-named corporators (a majority of
them shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of business) to call a meeting of the
stockholders, at the city of Washington, for
the purpose of electing directors of the said
corporation, and cach share of said stock on
which the said ten per cent, has been paid, as
hereinbefore provided, shall entitle the owner to
one vote. The corporators herein named shall
designate a majority of their number to act as
inspectors of elections; which majority of in-
spectors so designated shall certify, under their
names, the directors thus duly elected, and
shall notify them of their election and the time
and place of the first meeting of the said board
of directors. At such meeting the above cor-
porators shall deliver to the said directors the
books of subscription to the stock of said Na-
tional Junction Railway Company, together
with the amount paid thereon, with a full re-
port of their proceedings under this act, and
thereupon the duties of the corporators here-
inbefore named shall cease and determine for-
ever ; and thereafter the said directors, with
their successors or assigns, shall constitute the
said body politic'and corporate. The director?
