1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
that this little connection of railroad communi-
cation at Washington is a matter of great im-
portance to this city, if this road is built it
opens up connections "with this city that in
a short time will tell upon the business and
improvement of the metropolis of the nation.
This bill in all its details is guarded as care-
fully as any railroad charter that I have had
an opportunity to look into. It is so framed
that this little branch shall not constitute a
monopoly. It is the purpose of the road, as
I said before, to make a union depot from
which business and travel can radiate from >
this city in every direction, making the neces-
sary connections.
Mr. KNOT!1. 1 ask my colleague on the
committee to yield to me for the purpose of
offering an amendment which was informally
considered by the committee this morning, and
which, upon mature reflection, I think ought
to be made. And I desire to say a word or
two in connection with the amendment.
Mr. WELKER. What is it?
Mr. KNOTT. It is to strike out of the sec-
ond section the words "upon the legally-
established grades of the city of Washington."
Mr. WELKER. I think I shall have io
decline allowing that to be offered, because it
was fully discussed in the committee this morn-
ing. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered—ayes 07, noes 49.
The question being put first upon agreeing to
the amendment offered by Mr. Sv.'axn, there
were—ayes 5(5, noes 70.
Mr. \VOOD\VALID. 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 01, not voting
49; as follows:
TEAS—-Messrs. Archer, Leek, Btgtcs, Bird, BuCun-
ton, Burr, .Benjamin B. Butlei, Cleveland, Dickin-
son, Dixon, Dockery, Duval, EldruUte, lutch, l(ox,
Gar fluid, Golladay, Greene, Giris wold, llaikht. lialde-
juiui, llainbletou, IlamiU, Hay, Iloar, Hotmail,
Swa.nn, Trimble,Twicheli, Van Auk™, Van trump,
Willi,mi 15. Washburn, Wilkinson. Eugene M. Wil-
son, Winchester, and Woodwaid—5u.
NAYS — Messrs, Amblor, Arncli, Asper, Axtell,
Bailey, Bea-mnu, Beatly, Benjamin, Bennett. Bing-
ham, Blair, Boles, Boyd, Burdett, Itodeiick It. But-
ler, Cessna., Churchill, Affiasa Cobb, Coburn. Cook,
Conger, Cowles, Cnllom, Davis, Dewecse, Dickey,
Donley, Dyer, Ela, Barnsworth, Femss, Bet rv, i'iuk-
elnbuig.Giliillan, Hale, Hopkins. In ;^ci soli, J enokes,
Alexander II Jones, Julian, Kellev, Kelsey, KnapP.
Ballm, Lash, Lawrence, Ma.ynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Crary, MeCh'ew, Mereur, Bliakim 11. Moo.e, Jesse
H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J. Monell, Sam-
uel L\ Mori ill, Negley, I'aekai d. Packer,^ Paine,
"Diw.i>-ia PrMnovAo Pi<<lvncftrs. R.iiiior<l. crcnt.
Tillman, Townsend, Tyner, TJpson, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Welker. Wheeler, Vhittcmoie,
Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans, and
Witoher—64.
NOT VOTING- —Messrs, Adams, Allison, Ames,
Aimstrong, Banks, Benton, Bowcn, Brooks, Cake,
Calkin, Clarke. Clinton L. Cobb, Crebs, Dawes,
Fisher, Getz, Hamilton, Hawkins, llawley, Heaton,
Hill, lloag. Hooper, llotolikiss, Judd, Ivctcham,
Knott, Lotfan, Lousbridge, Marshal l.Mor^ran.Moi'-
rissey, Mun^en, Orth,^ Palmer, Peteis, Boots,
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third ti'ne.
Mr. LYNCH. Is it in order to move to
recommit it ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous
question operating.
The bill was accordingly engrossed and read
the third time.
Mr. WELKER. I move the previous ques-
tion oil the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded-and the
main question ordered ; and under the opeia-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WELKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message l'rom 1kb president.
A message from the President, by Mr.
Horace Porter, his Private Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed a joint resolution (IT. R. No. 1) to sup-
ply an omission in the enrollment of the act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1870, approved March 3, ISfift.
knroi.led resolutions signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 30) to supply omissions in
enrollment of certain appropriation acts, ap-
proved March 3, 1809; when the Speaker
signed the same.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. GOLLADAl, leave was
granted for a withdrawal from before the Com -
nnttee of Claims of the papers in the case of
the Bowling Green and Franklin Turnpike
Company, copies being left,.
On motion of Mr. KELSEY, leave was
granted to withdraw from before the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims the papers
in the case of Daniel Bissell, a revolutionary
soldier.
leave 01? absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Judd on account of domestic affliction.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Stu.uieu to enable him to attend to his
contested-election case.
committer on retrenchment.
The SPEAKER announced that he had
appointed Mr. Jenckes of Rhode Island, and
Mr. Benton of Mew Hampshire, as additional
members of the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment.
election" contest—st. martin vs. sypiikr.
The SPEAKER laid before the House papers
in the contested-election case from the first
congressional district of Louisiana, of St. Mar-
tin vs. Sypher; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case from New
Vork, of Van Wyck vs. Greene ; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Goriiam, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that, body had passed a bill (S. No. 41) to
amend the judicial system of the Uniled States;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
railroad grant.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 48) granting the right of way for the con-
struction of a railroad from a point at or near
Portland, Oregon, to a point west of the Cas-
cade mountains, in Washington Territory;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
reconstruction of mississippi.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Reconstruction, reported back,
with an amendment, the bill (II. R. No. 147)
to provide for the organization of a provisional
government for the State of Mississippi.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that for the better security of persons and prop-
erty in Mississippi the constitutional conven-
tion of that State, heretofore elected under
and in pursuance of an act of Congress passed
March 2, 1807, entitled " An act tor tho more
efficient government of tho rebel States..'1
and the several acts of Congress supplement-
ary thereto and amendatory thereof, and as
organized at the t.ime of its adjournment, is
authorized to assemble forthwith upon the call
of the president thereof; and in ease of his
failure for thirty days t.o summon the conven-
tion, then the commanding general of the fourth
military district, is authorized and required to
summon by proclamation the convention to
assemble at the capital of the State; and the
convention shall have, and it is authorized to
exercise, the following powers in addition to the
powers now authorized by law: to app6int a
provisional governor ; to authorize the pro-
visional governor of the State to remove and
appoint registrars and judges of elections
under acts of Congress, who shall not be voted
for at elections within their own precincts; to
submit to the people of the State the constitu-
tion heretofore framed by the convention, either
with or without amendments; to provide by
oidinance that the votes for and against the
constitution, and for and against the clauses
thereof submitted by this act to a separate vote,
together with the votes cast for and againstall
Slate and local officers voted for under the con-
stitution, shall be forwarded to the provisional
governor by the judges of election and shall
be counted "in the presence of the provisional
governor, the general commanding the military
district of Mississippi, and such committee as
the convention may appoint for that purpose;
and it shall be the duty of the provisional gov-
ernor, commanding general, and committee to
make proclamation of the result of such elec-
tions ; to pass laws exempting a homestead not
exceeding $1,000 in value, and household fur-
niture, mechanical and farming tools, provis-
ions, and other articles of personal property
necessary for the support of a lamily, not ex-
ceeding $500in value, iiom seizure oi sale upon
process for the collection of debts; which laws
shall continue ill force until repealed or modi-
fied by the Legislature to be elected under the
constitution ; and to pass sueli ordinances, not
inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of
the United Stales, as it may deem necessary to
protect all persons in their lives, liberty, and
pioperty. The convention shall not continue
in session for more than sixty days.^ Ihe dis-
tricts unrepresented from any cause in the con-
vention at the time of its adjournment shall at
once proceed to elect duly qualified persons to
take seats in the convention. The election of
such delegates shall be held under the direction
of the commanding general, in accordance
with the provisions of the act of Congress,
approved March 2, 1S67, entitled "An act lor
the more efficient government of the lebel
Stales," and the acts supplementary thereto ;
and certificates of election shall be awarded to
the candidates receiving the highest number
of votes. The convention may submit any one
or more provisions ot the proposed constitution
to a sepai ate vote.
The second section provides that the several
ordinances which may be passed by the constitu-
tional convention of the State within the limit-
ations as herein provided shall be in torce until
disapproved by Congress or until Mississippi
shall have adopted a constitution of State gov-
ernmentandthe same shallhave been approved
by Congress, provided that nothingin this act
shall deprive any person of trial by jury in the
courts of the State for offenses against the iaws
of the State.
The third section provides that the military
commander in the State, upon the requisition
of the provisional governor thereof, shall give
aid to the officers of the provisional govern-
ment in preserving the peace and enforcing the
laws, and especially in suppressing unlawful
obstructions and foicible resistance to the exe-
cution of the laws.
The fourth section provides that the pro-
visional governor may remove from office in
the State any person holding office therein,
and may appointa successor in his stead; and
may also fill all vacancies that may occur by
death, resignation, or otherwise, subject, how-
ever, in all removals and appointments, to the
orders and directions of the President of the
United States ; and the President of the Uni-
ted States may at any time remove the pro-
visional governor and appoint a successor m
his stead. ^ ,
The fifth section provides that if at any elec-
tion authorized in Mississippi any person shall
