2^6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
tion acts, we all agree that there is no means
of escape from their operation, and that the
people of Mississippi v ill have to submit to
reconstruction, or whatever you choose to call
it, under them, Indeed the cardinal point of
difference among us is whether the vote for the
ratification of the constitution, and for the
election of officers under it shall be cast under
the auspices and direction of officers appointed
by the President of the United States, or of
officers appointed and constituted by the con-
vention which this bill authorizes to reassem-
ble. A large minority of the committee, of
whom I am one, are unwilling to trust that
convention with the unlimited power over the
elections which the bill proposes to give it, be-
lieving that its past history and the conduct
of its members and agents not only fails to
show its fitness to be the repository of a trust
so important, but demonstrates—I use the
word advisedly—demonstrates its utter unfit-
ness. Under the reconstruction laws as they
now stand, and as they have been enforced
in all the reconstructed States of the South,
elections have alwaysbeenheld and conducted
under the supervision of provisional governors
and military commanders appointed by the
President of the United States or the General
of the Army. The conventions have had nothing
to do with the appointment of provisional gov-
ernors. nor with the removal of State officials,
noreitherdirectly orindirectly with the appoint-
ment of registrars, judges, sheriffs, or clerks of
elections, and I am wholly at a loss to see, if a
just and fair election is desired, one that the
people of the Slate will accept as an honest
exposition of the popular will, why all the acts
of Congress, all the precedents of the past, all
the safeguards which it ought to be presumed
the Chief Executive Magistrate of the Repub-
lic would throw around the proposed election
by his power to punish improper conduct on
the part of his appointees, mediate and im-
mediate, should be withdrawn, and omnipo-
tent power, without responsibility anywhere,
vested in the appointees of a convention which,
even if disposed, is wholly powerless, by reason
of its dissolution by adjournment before the
proposed election can be held, to protect the
people of the State from any outrage, however
gross, in the election, or to punish in any form
the officers who commit them.
The difference seems to be a narrow one,
but small as it may seem, the future peace, hap-
piness, and prosperity of the State of Missis-
sippi depends 011 the decision of this question
by Congress. Of course the prime object,
indeed almost the only legitimate object, of
this bill is to secure to all the qualified elect-
ors 111 Mississippi a fair, free, and full oppor-
tunity to cast their votes for or against the
constitution submitted to them and the officers
to be elected under it at the same time, and
for or against the clauses thereof, which, above
all others, have caused discord and strife, to
wit: sections three and five of article seven,
which, as they now stand, prescribe sweeping
disqualifications as to suffrage and the right to
hold office far beyond what either the recon-
struction acts or the fourteenth amendment
contemplate or provide lor. I contend that
the selection of registrars, judges, and other
officers by some impartial man selected by the
President, because of his being possessed of
the qualifications requisite for that high and
responsible trust, one who is in no wise mixed
up with the^ animosities engendered by the
recent abortive efforts at an election in that
State, who is not the agent or tool of any
party or faction, but who looks alone to the
good of the State and the peace of the coun-
try, would be far more likely to accomplish
the ends desired than any mere appointee of
that convention could possibly do. I have
been astonished at the persistent opposition
of the majority of the committee to a proposi-
tion so fair, so just, and I had almost said so
generous, at least on the part of the Demo-
crats on the committee. We ask for no power,
no advantage, no representation in selecting
or arranging the machinery by which these
elections are to be conducted. We know that
no Democrat will be appointed. We admit
that no man can be a registrar, judge, or other
officer who cannot take the oaths, and who
does not possess all the qualifications pre-
scribed in your own reconstruction acts, and
who is not approved by General Grant. We
merely ask that the laws be carried out and
enforced in Mississippi, as they have been in
all the other southern States, and only seek to
apply there the now existing law that the elec-
tions shall be held by and under the authority of
officers selected by the President of the United
States. If while Mr. Johnson was President
that rule obtained and that protection was al-
lowed, as it was, I would like some Republican
011 this floor to tell the House and the country
why the existing laws should be annulled and
set aside in order to deprive General Grant of
this power. I3 he less honest, less capable,
less trustworthy than President Johnson ? Is
he more likely to lean toward the Democrats,
more likely to take steps to defeat or impair
the chances of promotion or the election of
moderate, honest, earnest Republicans to office
than his predecessor, that all existing laws have
to be set aside and new ones enacted for the
sole purpose of depriving him of power No
Republican, I venture to assert, will dare so
to maintain, andyethis vote againstthe amend-
ment to the bill which I propose, and for the
biil as it now stands, means that, and cannot
be tortured into anything else ; and the coun-
try will so understand it; at least it will be
understood that Congress has more faith in
that convention than it has in him, or it would
not set aside existing laws to vest it with such
extraordinary powers. The Democrats are
asking for nothing. We do not expect any
favor in this matter, or that any of our men
will be appointed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Willthegentlemanallow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman says
this bill takes power from the President. I
would be glad to have the gentleman state
what power the President now has which this
bill takes from him.
Mr. BECK. The power to appoint pro-
visional governors and military commanders,
who shall have authority to appoint registrars
and judges of election, and to vest that power
in a constitutional convention—a power which
no constitutional convention ever had until this
bill proposed to give it to this convention.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. The Pres-
ident can remove any of those officers at
pleasure.
Mr. BECK. I will speak after awhile of that
power of removal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And we
do cot now interfere with the power of the
President to appoint military commanders.
Mr. BECK. That is soj but the military
commander is deprived of all the power he
now has, for this bill provides that he shall
only aid in carrying out the orders of the pro-
visional governor. However infamous those
orders may be the military commander can-
not interfere with them.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Does not the fourth
section of this bill provide that the President
may at any time remove the provisional gov-
ernor ?
Mr. BECK. It does; and I will explain
hereafter the value of that provision. It is not
worth anything, and never can be exercised.
I now propose to show that there is nothing
either in the elements composing the conven-
tion of Mississippi or in their past conduct to
induce any man who desires a fair, honest,
and impartial election to make that conven-
tion the depositoiy of power, and I piopose to
make their unfitness so apparent from their
own acts, as shown by the records now before
the House and which are in the possession of
all the membersof it, that there can be neither
doubt, mistake, or misapprehension about it.
The convention was originally composed of
one hundred members, of whom about twenty-
five were negroes, most of them having been
slaves till after the close of the war. Of the
whites, a large majority were not in any
proper sense citizens of Mississippi, having
drifted down there after the war was over for
no other purpose than to stir up strife, and
without having taken any honorable part in
the conflict, like buzzards they preyed upon
the carcass, making up in professions w hat they
lacked in merit. There were 139,327 regis-
tered voters in the State when the members
of this convention weie elected. There were
only 76,016 votes cast for and against the con-
vention—69,739 for it and 6.277 against it.
Whether the remaining 63,311 registered vot-
eis refused to vote, or were in whole or in part
prohibited from doing so, I neither know nor
care for the purposes of this argument. When
the large number of men who are disfran-
chised by the reconstruction acts, not less than
eight thousand, being all who cannot hold office
under the fourteenth amendment, who of course
were not registered, are added to the number
of registered voters who for some cause failed
to vote and to those who voted against the
present members, it is safe to say that the
convention does not represent anything like
one half of the population of the Slate, and it
is still more certain that it does not represent
one tenth of either its property or intelligence.
That alone would seem to be a sufficient rea-
son why existing laws ought not to be set aside
for the purpose of taking away the power and
the right to supervise and provide for the con-
templated election from the President of the
United States and vest it in such a body as
that convention so elected and so constituted.
I assume, of course, though it may be a vio-
lent assumption, that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, though it has for the purposes of
reconstruction disfranchised not only all the
political leaders in the South, but all those who
took any part in the rebellion, however humble,
who had at any former period of their lives
been intrusted by their fellow-citizens with any
office, Federal or State, executive, legislative,
or judicial, does not thereby intend to say that
all their rights of life, liberty, and property
are to be regarded as forfeited and not worthy
of consideration heie j but that while demand-
ing allegiance from and enforcing taxation
upon them we are to turn them and their prop-
erty over to a set of vampires who have fast-
ened themselves on the body-politic for the
sole purpose of sucking the life-blood out of it.
But independent of all other considerations I
propose to test the merits of this convention
and to show that it is wholly unworthy to be
intrusted with the power proposed by this bill
to be conferred upon it by its acts and the
conduct of those in whom it vested power
while formerly in possession of authority, as
we can safely predict what it will do in the
future by its conduct in the past.
It assembled on the 7th day of January,
186S, and continued in session till the ISJi day
of May, under the authority of the reconstruc-
tion acts—-its only legitimate power being to
frame a constitution, lepublican 111 form, to be
submitted to the people by and under the
authority of the commanding general; and,
as provided in the eighth section of the act
of March 23, 1867, power was given to it to
'•prescribe the fees, salary, and compensation
to be paid to all delegates and other officers
and agents herein authorized or necessary to
carry into effect the purposes of this act not
herein otherwise provided for, and shall pro-
vide for the levy and collection of such taxes
011 the property in such State as may be neces-
sary to pay the same.'' Yet under these plain
and unmistakable provisions this convention,
in palpable violation of its known duues and
authority, spent over two thirds of the four
months and a half it remained in session ill
imposing upon the people of the State the most
onerous and obnoxious sj stem of taxation and
pillage that their ingenuity could devise ; and
to secure the perpetuity of their power they
appointed a committee of five wiih authority
to set aside the reconstruction acts of Cou-
