1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
gross and the decision of the military com-
mander and his officers of election relative
to the adoption or rejection by the people of
the proposed constitution, authorizing them to
make such decision relative thereto as the com-
mittee ?aw fit. I will notice briefly, first, their
illegal legislation; second, their proposed con-
stitution 5 and third, their arbitrary and illegal
action in regard to the election; ami having
placed the House in possession of the facts with
which as a member of the committee I am
familiar, I will leave it to other gentlemen to
comment moie fully than I will have time to
do on the policy of preventing a iepetition of
such disgraceful legislation and conduct by
adopting the amendment I propose, and throw-
ing at least the protecting power of the Piesi-
dent around the defenseless people of Missis-
sippi in the future.
First, as to their unauthorized legislation.
The report of General Gillem who assumed
command of Mississippi on the 9th day of
January, 1868, two days after the convention
assembled—which will be found in the volume
of printed testimony taken before the Recon-
struction Committee of the Fortieth Congress
at its last session, and which every member
has or may have, on pages 69 to 75 inclusive—
shows that the members of the convention had
hardly got warm in their seats before they
began their system of oppressive legislation for
the twofold purpose of plundering the men of
property and capital to enrich themselves and
their confederates, and under pretense of pro-
viding for the idle and worthless negroes to
secure their votes at the proposed election,
at which not less than three fourths, perhaps
seven eighths, of the members of the conven-
tion were candidates for office, as they now
aie, or will be as soon as they get an oppor-
tunity. General Gillem shows that the con-
vention first attempted to forbid all sales of
property except for wages or mechanical labor j
next to require G-eneral Gillem out of the
public funds to furnish ail persons known as
refugees the means of returning to their friends,
us many of them had in former times been
carried to Mississippi from other States and
sold as slaves.
Again, on the 9th of February the commit-
tee on destitution forwarded their report to
General Gillem, urging him to carry out their
recommendations. I read from his report:
"Knowing that the representations of the com-
mittee in regard to destitution, in setting forth that
there were thirty thousand persons actually suft'er-
mg, were greatly exaggerated, and beingfurther con-
vinced that the convention did not possess the legal
legislative authority assumed of appointing a com-
missioner and appropriating the poll-tax for the
relief of thedestitute, I declined complying with the
resolution in a letter addressed to lion. B. B. Eg-
glebton, February 15, (see Appendix A, No. 17Jatthe
game time assuring the convention that I had thor-
oughly investigated the.subjecfc of destitution, and
that as assistant commissioner of the bureau, had
the means and would emp oy them in the relief ot
such destitute persons as real yrequired assistance.
"On the 26th day of January i* communication was
received from Benjamin iJ. Orr, chairman of a com-
mittee, (see Appendix A, No. 18,) asking in behalf
of the convention whether in the event of the pas-
sage of an ordinance providing for the levying and
collecting of a special tax on the real and movable
property in the State will the civil authorities be
prevented from collecting said tax either byforeible
resistance or injunction, or other measures emanat-
ing from or issued by any of the civil courts or oilier
authorities of the State.
"On the same day Mr. Orr was informed that the
civil authorities ' Will not be prevented nomcolleet-
iugsaid taxes by i'oicible resistance,' and further,
'that an ordinance of the convention made in con-
formity with the eighth section ot the act of March
23 would be recognized as legal/
"On the 13th day of February I was called upon
by Hon. George 0. McKee, member of the consti-
tutional convention, who presented me with a copy
of a resolution passed by the convention February
12,1808, (see Appendix A, No. 19,) setting forth that
thespccial tax levied by aeonvention ordinance Jan-
u  ry 21, (see Appendix A, No. 19i,) was meeting oppo-
sition, and the people had determined not to pay
the taxes unless compelled to do soby military orders,
and iequet>ting me to publish a 'general order*
directing the people to pay thotax. Aftercarcfally
examining the ordinance 1 was convinced that many
or its provisions were in violation of the act of Con-
gress of March 23,1867, which authorized the conven-
tion * to provide for the levy and collection of a tax
on the property in the State to defray the expense
of the convention/
"By an examination of the ordinance it is appa-
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 17.
rent thnt the convention did not restrict it-self to
levying a tax upon property, as, for instance, section
twolevies a tax upon auction stores, breweries, kc.;
section three levies a tax upon livery stables, coal-
yardo, carriage 1'ictorie?, section four levies a
tax upon bounty agents, gunsmiths: neither of which
ca.n_be construed in any way as property.
"Section six levies a tax upon banking
m eats, exchangebrokcrs; and specifies flint any per-
son doing busings in the streets, highways, or other
places sfiall be cuiiaideied as a broker, arid liable lor
the tax provided in this section, which if $100.
"Sections eight and nine levy taxes upon news-
papeis and printing presses. In tact, as will be ap-
parent by an examination of the ordinances*, a tax
was levied upon persons, privileges, and franchisee.
Believing that such was not the intention of the law
under which the convention was assembled, I could
not order the collection of such taxos; moreover, the
convention assumed a legislative power of creating
a new system for the collection of this tax by ap-
pointing tax-collectors unknown to the lawte of the
State, and from whom no bonds were required for
the faithful performance of their duties, and a spe-
cial treasurer to receive and disburse the money
collected under this ordinance."
General Gillem refused to enforce this ordi-
nance because it was in violation of law. and
in his report he calls special attention to the
ordinances and to his response to the demand
to enforce it, both of which are set forth in
appendix A to his report, which I hold in my
hand. This appendix: was not. printed, which
I regret, as it is a frightful expos# from begin-
ning to end of the rapacity of that convention,
and the constant effort on his part to prevent
them from robbing and plundering in every
form they could devise the people of the State.
I will merely read the following specimen:
'* Attention is also called to the fact that the recon-
struction law merely directs that the convention shall
levy and collect a tax to defray its expenses. Bui
under the provisions of the tax ordinance it is esti-
mated that $300,000 will be collected, which excecds
the estimated expenses of the convention by at least
$100,000.
" It seems to have been anticipated by tho conven-
tion that the amount collected would exceed the
necessary expenses of the convention, as provision
is made for investing the surplus m United States
securities. It is not believed that the convention is
vested with the control of a larger amount than is
necessary to defray its expenses.
'* The general commanding desires further to call
the attention of the convention to the manner in
which it is proposed to collect the spcc-ial taxes im-
posed in sections two. three, four, five, six, seven,
eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen,
fifteen, sixteen, thirty-lour, thirty-live, and thirty-
six, authorizing the levy and collection of tho tax.
Congress did not spccify the manner in which said
taxes should be collected; but in the absence of any
provision on tho subject, and as the la wo undei w Inch
tho convention is assembled recognize the State
government, and did not authorize the convention
to create any additional officers, the inference would
seem to be that the duty of collecting and disburs-
ing the funds necessary to defray the expenses ofthe
convention should devolve upon the ofiiceis already
in existence—auditor, treasurer, and sheriff— the lat-
ter of whom are ex vMcio tax collectors.
** It is not believed that the laws of Congress vested
the legislative power which has been exercised by
the convention in creating the offices of ' treasurer
of the convention,' and tax collectors, the latter of
whom are not required to give bonds for the faithful
performance of their duty, and are clothed with the
most extraordinary power. Among others he is au-
thorized to administer an oath to any person as to
his or their amount of salesduring the year 1867; and
if be shall be unsatisfied as to the amount of sales
rendered, he shall have the power to assess and col-
lect from every such person what he shall deem
just."
There is a specimen ofthe legislation of the
convention. They levied taxation to the amount
of $100,000 more than they claimed that they
needed, independently of the $50,000 which
they proposed to raise by the taxation of the
railroads. They proposed to invest the surplus
in United States securities, and they did not
require any bond whatever from the officers
who were to have charge of this money. Those
officers could collect it and divide it with the
members ofthe convention, so far as any restric-
tions of law were concerned. They might
squander it; they might do with it what they
pleased. The collector was endowed with ex-
traordinary powers. If, going to a man's house,
he was not satisfied with the return made, he
could seize and sell just what he pleased. This
officer gave no bond, no security known to the
law. He was the creature of that convention,
going from one end of the State'to the other,
with power to pillage the people without any
responsibility to auybody. That was apart of
their legislation,
Mr. SUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to ask the gentleman this question : was
there any evidence before the committee that
this officer actually misappropriated one dollar?
Mr. BECK. Oh, no, sir; no such evidence
could be obtained, whatever might have been
the extent of his misappropriation, because he
never rendered any account. I ask whether
any member of the committee can say that
these tax officers ever showed any account for
what they collected? 1 say they never did.
Hence no misappropriation, however gross,
could be shown.
Again General Gillem says, and this is all I
propose to read on this point:
" Mr. Orr called upon me on the 15th of May, and
in a personal conference claimed that the convention
had the same power to tax property in the State of
Mississippi that is possessed by the Congress ot the
United States, and that the convention did not rcoog-
nize any State law or chartered rights granted by the
State of Mississippi exempting property from tax-
t ation, and that ll Ueneral (xiUern did not enforce the
j; paymontof the tax of one hall of one per cent, levied
jj onrailrojd property, amounting to about fifty thou-
11 sand dollars, it would be necessary lor the convention
I to delay its contemplated arijournuiutitormeetagain
in about ten days to levy an additional tax to supply
the deficiency thus caused, which would involve a
much heavier expenso. (See Mem., Appendix A, N.o.
50.) After carclulJy examining the Jaw I was con-
vinced that it was not the iutention of the eighth
section of the act of Mm eh 2J, 18(57, to authorize tho
convention to levy a tax other than on property, and
then only on the property taxable under State lawp.
Railroads in Mississippi by their charters and State
laws :>re exempt from taxation until 1874, these
charters and laws having been granted and passed in
1854. Capital had beeu invested in these roads under
the express stipulation that it was exempt from tax-
ation. The roads hnd been built, and the privileges
granted by tho charterhadbecomevested rights, and
to tax these roads it is believed would have been a
violation of tho obligation of a contract.
44 The second reason given by Mr. Orr/that it would
be necessary for the convention to delay Us contem-
plated adjournment for the purpose of levying an
additional tax.' which would involve a heavier ex-
pense, is not considered as having sufficient legal
force to require refutation. I declined enforcing the
tax in a communication addressed to Hon. B. B.
Eggleston, May 15. (See Appondix A, No. 51.)"
Passing from their legislation, f propose to
look at their constitution. The constitution
which this convention hatched out after an
incubation of nearly four months and a half
is not only just such a piece of patch-work as
might have been expected from such a body,
but it is animated throughout by the same spirit
of malignity that inspired all their attempted
legislation. Purposely waiving comment on
many outrageous provisions contained in it I
will confine my objection chiefly to the provis-
ions relative to the right to vote and hold office,
as these are the subjects which excited the bit-
terest feeling and rallied the opposition to it
which defeated it at the polls, simply remark-
ing in advance that the Governor, who it was
not doubted would be B. B. Eggleston, presi-
dent of the convention—indeed the committee
of five afterward declared he was Governor, in
spite of the vote of the people to thecontrary—
was by the constitution made an autocrat. He
has the appointment of all the judges of the
supreme and circuit courts and all chancellors
in the State; of all commissioned officers from
major general to third lieutenant in the State
militia ; and by section six of article twelve all
county, township, and precinct officers were to
be removed in thirty days and their places filled
by the Governor. He was thus invested with
absolute, almost despotic power, of course to
be used to promote the interest of the partisans
who promoted him ; perhaps to be used on con-
dition that his change from the presidency of
the convention to the Governor's chair should
be followed at once by a transfer to the Senate
of the United States. Commenting on this
vast power. Judge Watson of Mississippi, in a
paper filed before the Reconstruction Lommifc-
tee of the Fortieth Congress,, well remarked;
41 The judges of the supreme, ciscuit, and chancery
courts, making together not fewer than twenty or
upward, the first forth e teina of nine years, ana tho
others for the term of six years, are also to be ap-
pointed by the Governor, by and with the advice and
consent of tho senate. ,
44 The Governor is also to launch the ship of State by
appointing in the same way 'all county, township,
and precinct officers/ whose term of office is to con-
tinue 'until the Legislaturesbali provide by layrfQr
an election of said officers/ Now, when this woatd
be who can tell? Th©s© 4 eounty, town, and pfft-
