258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
cincfc officers' are legion. They are a sheriff, coro-
ner, treasurer, assessor, surveyor, circuit cleik, five
supervisors, and a competent number of justices of
the peace and constables lor each county. Not less
than ten or fiffeen justices of thepeace and as many
constables for cach county wilibe necessary. Say that
of these there areas many as twenty-five to be ap-
pointed in each of the sixty counties, and we have
fifteen hundred for the State, and thisnumber added
to the five supervisors for each county, three hun-
dred in all, and one sheriff, one coroner, one treas-
urer, one assessor, one surveyor, one circuit clerk-
three hundred and sixty in all—and we have nn
aggregate of twenty-one hundred and sixty civil offi-
cers to be added to the six thousand four hundred and
fifty militia officers, making eightthousand six hun-
dred and ten officers, military and civil, exclusive of
the supreme, circuit, and chancery judges, who are
to be the appointees of Governor Eggleston, should
Congress impose this constitution on tho people of
Mississippi.
** Will not the conferring of this immense appoint-
ing power on Governor Eggleston be a violation at
least of the spirit of divine prayer, 4 Lead us not into
temptation?'"
Section four of article twelve is also an
outrageous provision, and was inserted in the
constitution for the purpose of harassing the
people of the State who might be odious to the
party in power. It is as follows:
"Sec. 4. The Legislature shall provide by law for
the indictment and trial of persons charged with the
commission of any felony, in any county other than
that in which the offense was committed, whenever
owing to prejudice or any other cause an impartial
grand or petit jury cannot be empaneled in the
county in which the offense was committed."
The change, it will be observed, is notto the
nearest county in which a fair and impartial
trial can be had, but under this men might be
indicted in the extreme southern or eastern
counties for alleged offenses committed at their
homes in the extreme northern or western
counties. It is a denial ot' the time-honored
right of trial by a jury of the vicmage, and was,
as I said, inserted for the purposes of extortion
and oppression by a convention that had no
sort of regard for the interest or welfare of the
people they professed to represent.
But, as 1 said, the provisions as to suffrage
and the right to hold office are not only the
most objectionable, but are, under the circum-
stances, the most infamous. They are such as
no people fit to be free would endure longer
than they could find a remedy; certainly such
as the Congress of the United States never
designed to impose, or supposed for a moment
any State constitutional convention would
undertake to inflict on a people.
I refer more especially to sections three, four,
and five of article seven of the constitution,
which read as follows:
Sec. 3. The Legislature shall provide by law for
the registration ot all persons entitled to vote at any
election, and all pe^ons entitled to register shall
take and subscribe to the following oath or affirma-
tion : ' I, , do solemnly swear (or affirm)
in the presence of Almighty Uod that I am twenty-
one years old; that I have resided in this State six
months, and in county one month; that I will
faithfully support and obey the Constitution and
laws ot the United States and ol the State ot Missis-
sippi, and will bear true faith and allegiance to the
same; that I amnotdislranchised in any of the pro-
visions^! theactsknown asthercconstruction actsof
the lbirty-Ninth^and Fortieth Congresses, and that
1 admit tho political and civil equality of all men;
so help me (Jod I'tovided, That it Congress shall at
jny tune remove the disabilities ot any person dis-
franchised m the said reconstruction acts of the said
1 hn ty-Jsinth and Fortieth CongTes^es, (and the Le-
gislature of this State shall concur therein.) then so
much ol this oath, and so much only as lefers to the
said reconstruction acts, shall not be required of such
person so paidoned to entitle him to be registered.
buc. 4. Ho person shall be eligible to any oflico
ot profit or trust, or to any office in the militia of this
ktate, who is not a qualifier! elector.
sec. 5. No person shall be eligible to any office
ot proht or trust, civil or military, m this State who
as a member ot the Legislature voted tor tho call of
Lv?,,0'!*1"'6? n that passed the ordinance of scces-
_ion, or who as a delegate to any convention voted
tor or signed_ any ordinance of secession, 01* who gave
voluntary aid, countenance, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
united States, or who accepted or attempted to exer-
cise the functions of any office, civil or military, under
any authority or pretended government,, authority
power, or constitution within tho United States hos-
tile or inimical thereto, except all persons who aided
reconstruction by voting for this convention, or who
have continuously advocated the assembling of this
convention and shall continuously and in good faith
advocate rhc acts of the same; but the Legislature
may remove such disability: Provided, That nut'.iing
111 this section, except voting for or signing the ordi-
nance of secession, shall bo so construed as to exclude
from office tlio private soldiei of the late so-called
confederate btatcs army."
The Congress of the United States, when it
assumed to set aside the pardons and amnes-
ties granted by Presidents Lincoln and John-
son, and by its reconstruction acts declared
that in the primary organization of the Stales
proposed to be reconstructed the persons who
were deprived of the right to hold office by the
fourteenth amendment should not be registered
or be permitted to vote went far enough, in all
conscience, in view of the decisions of the
Supreme Court in the Cummins and Garland
cases; but it never supposed that any State
would by its constitution forever disfranchise
all that class of its citizens—men who from
their positions and the offices they had held
might not only be presumed but were known
to be among the most intelligent, influential,
and wealthy in their respective States, and
therefore most interested in any proposed
legislation therein. The fourteenth amendment
did not propose to disfranchise any of them,
it merely excludes them from holding office
till Congress shall remove their disabilities ;
yet the third section just read not only excludes
them from the right of suffrage in the State of
Mississippi, while they are being taxed in every
form that human ingenuity can invent, but it
denies the power of Congress to restore them
or remove their disabilities so as even to make
them competent to vote, unless the Legislature
of Mississippi shall approve and indorse the
action of Congress ; so that no man could either
vote or hold any office of profit or trust, as the
fourth section of article seven provides, even
though Congress should fully relieve and re-
store him, without the concurrence of the State
Legislature. I suppose the offenses committed
by these gentlemen were offenses not against
the State of Mississippi, but against the United
States. It was because of the action of the
State and their supposed allegiance to it that
induced many, perhaps a majority of them, to
take the course they did; and now for a conven-
tion of that State to seek to impose penalties and
disfranchisements on her own citizens by a con-
stitutional provision, not only going far beyond
what the United States requires, but denying
the authority even of Congress to grant relief,
is monstrous, and only shows the combination
of folly, malignity, meanness, and ignorance
which made up that convention.
Section five is even more objectionable, and
furnishes more conclusive evidence of the bit-
ter, malignant spirit of the convention, and
more clearly illustrates their infamous motives
than section three. By that section not only
those disqualified by the fourteenth amend-
ment and the reconstruction acts, but all per-
sons, whether they had previously held any
office or not, whether they had ever taken up
arms or not, who had given any aid, counte-
nance, counsel, or encouragement to those in
arms, and all who had held or attempted to
exercise the functions of any office, civil or
military, under the confederate government,
to which Mississippi adhered and a part of
which she was, should be debarred from hold-
ing any office in the State by constitutional
prohibition, except those "who aided recon-
struction by voting for this convention or
who have continuously advocated the assem-
bling of this convention and shall continuously
and in good faith advocate the acts of the
saine.'^ Only think of it. Every man in Mis-
sissippi, however much he might have opposed
secession, who gave his conscripted son clothes
to cover his nakedness or money to purchase
food to keep him from starving, or who for the
protection of his own or his neighbor's family,
when the United States could afford no pro-
tection to them, had acled as a justice of the
peace or as a night watchman in his town,
should be forever prohibited from holding any
office of profit or trust in the State of his na-
tivity unless he should prove recreant to all
the instincts of a man, false to every princi-
ple that ought to qualify him to fill places of
profit or trust, and " continuously and in good
faith advocate the acts of that convention."
I cannot trust myself to comment on the in-
famy of such a proposition. Parliamentary lan-
guage, with my limited experience in its use,
is wholly inadequate to do justice to it. Each
member may in his own way understand that
I have applied to it all of epithet that a gen-
tleman can apply, and he will still fall short
of realizing the scorn and contempt I feel for
the horde of adventurers who deliberately seek
so to degrade, debase, insult, and trample upon
an oppressed and downtrodden, butbrave, chiv-
alrous, and magnanimous people.
It will be observed that acquiescence how-
ever sincere, obedience however honest, even
undisguised approval, would not<satisfv them.
Advocacy, open, outspoken maintenance of the
justice of acts which the United States military
officers had to suppress aspalpableviolations of
law and outrageous oppression, had to be con-
tinuously kept up by the citizens of Mississippi
in order t,o secure to them the rights and priv-
ileges accorded to the most debased and igno-
rant of their former slaves. Is it wonderful
that such a constitution was defeated? Is it
wonderful that even the decent negroes in the
State opposed it? Is it not wonderful, is it not
passing strange, that honorable gentlemen on
this floor should, with all these things staring
them in the face, refuse even to allow the
President of tho United States to stand between
that people and their oppressors, and to seek
to make that convention again omnipotent over
them ? Let it be borne in mind that there
were 139,327 registered voters in the State
when the convention was voted for, and that
over 80,000 of these voters—the exact number
I cannot state—were negroes ; yet only C9.73S
votes were cast for the convention ; the re-
maining 69,588, in the language of section five,
failed to aid reconstruction by voting for the
convention ; and I have 110 doubt after they
saw its acts failed continuously and in good
faith to advocate the same. The 09,588 doubt-
less embraced nineteen twentieths of all the
white population of the State, so that under
this section the members of the convention and
their satellites would have a life lease of power
in the State, as there can be no doubt but that
in some form or other every white man of ma-
ture age who remained in Mississippi during
all the years the State formed part ot the c<m-
federacy, from the very necessities of his situ-
ation, whatever may have been his feelings or
views, if he had one spark of humanity in him,
aided in some form or other some poor friend-
less southern soldier, if nothing more ; and that
alone excludes from office under this most
infamous so-called constitution.
But I must hurry on. Determined that this
constitution should not fail, nor the officesunder
it be lost to the members of the convention,
most of whom, as I said, were candidates, a
committee consisting of five of its members
was appointed on the IGth of March, 1SG8, "to
superintend the election for the ratification of
the constitution framed by said convention and
for the election of State officers, including
members of the Legislature, and for Represent-
atives in the Congress of the United States, and
to ascertain and make proclamation of the
result of said election," although the conven-
tion knew, if it knew any thing, that section four
of the act of March 2o, 18(57, provided:
"Said convention, when organized, shall proceed
to frame aconstitution andcivil governmentaccord-
ing to the provisions of this act and tho act to winch
it is supplementaiy; and when the same shall have
been so framed said constitution shall be submitted
by the convention for ratification to tile poisons
registered under the provisions ot this act at ail elec-
tion to bo conducted by the officers or persons ap-
pointed or to be appointed by tho commanding gen-
eral, as hereinbefore provided, and to bo held after
the expiration of thirty days from the date of notice
thereof, to be given by said convention; and the
returns thereof shall be made to the commandite
general of the district."
And that section two of the act passed March
10, 1868, provided:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That tile con-
stitutional convention ot any of tho Stales men-
tioned in the acts to which this is amendatory may
piovide that at the time of voting upon the ratifica-
tion of the constitution the registered voters may
vote also for members of the House ot Representa-
tives of the United States, and tor all elective officers
provided for by the said constitution; and the sau>e
