2d0
THE CONGltESSION AL GLOBE.
March 24,
of threats, intimidations, fraud, and violence prac-
ticed in said counties during the holding of said elec-
tions, to be illegal and void.
Done at the city of Jackson, m thecrtate aforesaid,
this 3d day of November, A. D. 1868.
W. H, GfLBBb.
Chairman Committee of Five.
William A. Gibbs, the chairman of this com-
mittee, was doubtless selected because he was
an old citizen of the State as compared with a
majority of his colleagues. When questioned
by us as to his residence, he said:
" I have resided in Wilkinson county, Mississippi,
since July, 1865; previous I was in the service of tho
United States in the fifteenth regiment Illinois vol-
unteer infantry."
I will notice here—I suppose it is proper to
do so—that the chairman of the Reconstruction
Committee read to us in committee an indorse-
ment on the back of his bill as an argument in
favor of its passage signed Bggleston, Jami-
son, Mygatt, Gribbs, Stringer, &c., the very
men who in this proclamation are declared to
be Governor, Lieutenant Governor, senators,
&c., under the constitution thus declared
adopted. Of course, failing to get their places,
they want another chance such as this bill
gives them, and they will be sure not to fail
again. Not content with providing for them-
selves and with electing members to the For-
tieth Congress, they went further and declared
that five Republicans had been elected to the
Forty-First Congress. There was no election
held for members of the Forty-First Congress
at that time. Elections were held for members
of the Fortieth Congress, and they elected
three Republicans and two Democrats, though
General Gillem shows by his returns that four
Democrats and one Republican were elected.
General Gillem's report shows that it was
not even pretended that there was a poll open
for an election for the Forty-First Congress,
and there was none. Yet this committee de-
clare five of their friends elected to it. That
committee were lit representatives of the body
of men for whose benefit this bill is invented.
That is the body of men you are to rehabili-
tate with absolute power over the people of
Mississippi, and for whom you are asked to
refuse to throw around that people the same
protection in the hands of General Grant you
permitted Andrew Johnson to throw around all
the other States under the reconstruction laws.
It is in their behalf that you are asked to repeal
your former legislation and to throw open the
door to that convention, so that they may do
with that people just what they please, so that
they may frame any laws that they please. By
this bill their ordinances, although the consti-
tution is rejected, are to be laws until Missis-
sippi is admitted and a constitution is sent
here which you will approve. You may reject
the constitution under the provisions of this
bill introduced by the Committee on Recon-
struction, and yet all the ordinances of that
convention are to be the laws of Mississippi,
although the body of the constitution itself
shall be rejected.
VVhatnextdid the committee and their friends
do? They came here at the opening of the
third session of the Fortieth Congress and again
sought to have the Reconstruction Committee
put this constitution in force. It is because
they did that this large volume of testimony
was taken. The Reconstruction Committee
refused to doit. The committee said their state-
ment and proclamation was not true. Again
rejected, at the beginning of this the Forty-
First Congress, these men are all here, and the
present Reconstruction Committee seek to send
it back again. They, too, say that the state-
ment that this constitution was adopted is not-
true. The Fortieth Congress at its second ses-
sion declared that it was false, and that the
constitution had not been adopted; the Fortieth
Congress at its third session declared the state-
ment that the constitution was adopted to be
false ; and this Congress now declares that
that constitution was rejected, and that the
statement that it was adopted is false. Not-
withstanding all this, it is proposed to put this
jpow.er in the hands of the men who made that
false stateuifiBt and who ask Congress to ap-
prove a constitution which had been rejected
by the people. I have no time to comment on
the atSdavits befoie the Reconstruction Com-
mittee. The attempt to show that the votes in
the counties of Carroll, De Soto, Chickasaw,
La Fayette, Rankin, Copiah, and Yallabuslia
should be rejected was a miserable failure, and
even on the short notice given to those people
was mer, by the most overwhelming proof that
all their charges were false.
In the county of Chickasaw, when everyj udge,
every registrar, and every clerk testified to the
fairness of the election, there was not a human
being who appeared to swear that there was
any unfairness. In the county of Rankin but
one white man swore to any fraud or unfair-
ness, while every judge and every registrar
swore that the election was fairly conducted.
That man was named D. S. Harriman. I had
sent to me, in reference to this man Harriman,
the report of a military commission which
shows him to be not only utterly unworthy of
belief, but infamous. This military commis-
sion was under Brevet Major General Penny-
packer, a mail known here and there as an
officer of high integrity in the United State#'
Army. Tins fellow, Harnman, had been an
agent of the bureau, and had been charged
with fraud and dereliction in his office. There
were six specifications, and he was found guilty
on the second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth,
and sentenced to the penitentiary for one year
and ordered to pay a fine of fifty dollars to the
United States Government. I have a letter
from bis counsel, who tried to get him out on
a writ of habeas corpus. He was allowed to
come out for a time on giving $3,000 bail for
his appearance, but he has never been seen
since the court met. And that is the only
white man who testified to the unfairness of
the election in the county of Rankin.
As to the county of De Soto, the only white
man who swears to anything being unfair is a
man by the name of Theodore Wiseman, and he
is long and able in his affidavits. What is said
of him? I refer to these as specimen bricks.
The sheriff swears that all the disturbance in
that county was with and on account of this
very Theodore Wiseman. Let me read some
of the proof as to him. On page 194, Joseph
Rogers, sheriff of De Soto county, swears:
" That at one precinct there was an exception to
the general quietne&s from the presence of a person
named Theodore Wiseman, who was an ex-bureau
officer, but who had been cashiered and dismissed
the service by General A. C. Gillem, lor corruptly
abusing the authority his office had given him by
charging and inflicting fines on the people, one of
the victims of his wiong being present at the polls,
and seeing this man in the capacity of a commissioner
from the committee of Jackson, charged him with
his wrong and outrage done him not in any manner
interlering with the privilege of voters, but quar-
reling only with Wiseman for past wrongs received
at his bands. But for this one instance the election
in this county passed off as quietly, and was one in
which all had and used the privilege ol votmgasthey
pleased, fully as freely and unobstructedly as any
election I ever saw in my life. That the tailure in
this couuty to obtain a majority to ratify the consti-
tution was owing to the disfranchising clauses oil
the part of the whites, and the heavy tax it brought
on the freedmen, who condemned it before it was
submitted to a vote to them."
And on page 194, J. C. Acree, alTnion man,
and one ot the judges ol the election, swears;
"At this voting place, one Theodore Wiseman,
(who had been an agent of the Freedmen'o Bureau,
and had becm dismissed, as affiant ismformed. by the
head ot the bureau tor the State for malfeasance in
office,; who was a commissioner on the part of the
committee of live loft by the convention to supervise
the election, and who was also a candidate for the
Legislature, was denouncedby a colored man by the
name of William White as a thief. White charged
him with having collected some money for a colored
woman of his kindred and which he refused to pay
over. When Whiteprociaimedhisgrievances,others, ,
white and black, joined him in making known their !
opinion of his (Wiseman's) conduct in the premises.
Affiant further states that there was a squad of Uni-
ted States soldiers present, ,on duty; that nothing
but words were used, and, as before stated, the mat-
ter was wholly personal; and affiant does not believe
that a single voter was withheld from any of the
Toting places he attended through fears or threats,
orthat one was deposited by compulsion."
That was the only disturbance there, and
that is a specimen of the kind of proof they
brought before the committee. It would take
all day to road the others.
Here is a wonderful paper from West Spring-
field, Massachusetts,from Lester Williams, jr.,
the chaplain of their own convention, and is
dated December 7, 18G8. It was sent to Gov-
ernor Boutwell, chairman of the committee.
It was by him laid before the committee. It
is printed on page 268. I will call attention to
what this chaplain has to say. He states :
" I was an officer of the constitutional convention
of that State, intimately and constantly associated
with it all through its session, and took the stump in
favor of the ratilication of the constitution alter the
convention presented it to the people. I have made
the people, black and white, rich and poor, and
Republican and Democrat, of the State a study, and
I believe I understand all classes, as well as its
politics. X left the State temporarily in the latter
part of summer, expecting at that time to return in
a few weeks. Being out of the State still I think I
can grasp the whole subject more comprehensively
than friends who yet remain in the State. I believe
that to restore the State of Mississippi to the Union,
on the basis now sought fur by the leading Repub-
licans that are now having a hearing before the
Reconstruction Committee, would be tho greate-st
political calamity that could befall them and the
State. The whole projectis hollow, visionary. Re-
publicans are anxious to have the State restored. I
do not blame them. But the whole past warns
against it, and the more especially with the slender
show they are able to make fur it.
"I understood this whole plan, of declaring the
constitution carried on the charge of fraud in seven
counties, so throwing out the count, as long ago in
Juiy last. But there was the same kind ot fraud and
intimidation practiced in every county in the State;
so that the whole, if investigated, might be pro-
nounced a nullity with equal force as the part. If
youwill observethe location of these counties thrown
out > ou may perhaps note that they are culled, here
and there, with a special purpose in view. There the
result ot the election was acquiesced in by the great
body of the Republicans all over the State, without
a loud press, for the space of three or four months.*'
Mr. DAWES. What is his name ?
Mr. BECK. Lester Williamsj jr. The gen-
tleman will find it on page 263.
I said that these men had no interest in the
State. Now let me show why I said so, and I
mention this as a specimen of the state of
things in Mississippi as well as in Alabama.
You all remember a gentleman in the Fortieth
Congress, Colonel Callis, of Alabama, one of
the most polite gentlemen in this House. He
was a witness before the committee. When
the question of fraud in Rankin county was
called up Colonel Callis swore that he was in
command of aregiment under General Gillem,
and that in June, 1808, when he had charge of
the county of Rankin, there was no disturb-
ance there, and he published at the time the
following card, (see page 240 of the testi-
mony:)
Brandon, Mississippi, June 26,186S.
Mr. Editor : May I ask that a place in your paper
be given to the " Boys in Blue" under my command
at this place, for an unfeigned expression of thanks
to the citizens of Brandon and vicinity for their kind
treatment and liberality during our stay in your
midst? Trusting that our presence has been as bene-
ficial to the citizensas their kindnesshasbeenagree-
able to us, I remain,
Very respectfully, &q., JOHN B. CALLIS,
Captain Fottu-fifth Uiuted States Infantry.
There is not a word of truth in any state-
ment that the people of Rankin did not pre-
serve good order during the time Colonel Callis
was superintending the election. I mention
his case specially for this purpose. Colonel
Callis. a member of Congress from Alabama,
was elected, if at all, in February, 18(58, yet
five months after his election he was still an
officer in the United States Army, command-
ing in Mississippi, but when this Congress de-
clared that the election m Alabama was legal,
which I suppose he never suspected, he threw
up his commission in the Army and claimed
his seat in this House and sat during the whole
of the Fortieth Congress. Perhaps his was a
stronger case than most of the others, but not
much. He never was in Alabama as a citizen,
but only as an officer of the United States
Artny, and he was in Mississippi as an officer
of the Army five months after his election.
Still by virtue of his election he came here and
claimed his seat. Therefore I say that the whole
record shows that these men who now seek to
be invested with power have in these southern
States in most cases no interest except to get
hold of it in order that they may fasten them-
selves upon that people ; and I assert, iu this
