1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
case especially, that this Congress will not be
doing justice to itself and not doing justice to
the people of the country, and far less to the
people of Mississippi, if they allow a conven-
tion, organized as that one was, having no in-
terest in the State, as you all know they have
not, representing a minority of the voters and
not one tenth of the property and interests of
the State, to get absolute power over the peo-
ple of that State. I have thus shown that it
was a constant struggle on the part of the mili-
tary commander to prevent them from usurp-
ing extraordinary and unwarranted powers of
legislation in violation of the reconstruction
acts while they were in session before.
I have shown their disregard of law by tlie
appointment of the committee of five to take
away all the power from the military com-
mander in whom you had vested it, and the
infamous character of the constitution its,elt
by the proclamation in November last, in spite
of the decision made at the second session of
the Fortieth Congress that the constitution
which they presented had been adopted and
themselves elected to office under it, in spite
of all we had done they came back again to
the third session of the Fortieth Congress and
again urged that they should be put in power,
and their application was again rejected. They
now again appeal to Congress to be reinstated
in power in another form. I repeat, in view
of all these facts, that to rehabilitate that con-
vention with the absolute powers which are
sought to be given by this bill, to change and
repeal our past legislation and to deprive the
President of his power under the reconstruc-
tion acts, so as to make such a body of men
absolute masters over the people of Missis
sippi, is monstrous. We are only urging that
he be allowed to retain the power he now has;
and why should he not? He is a President
whom you yourselves have elected and in
whom you ought to have confidence. I have
confidence in him; I have a thousand times
more conlidence in him than I have in that
convention. There is not a man outside of
the State of Mississippi I have not infinitely
more confidence in than I have in the mem-
bers of that convention. I certainly have more
confidence in President Grant than I have in
any or all of them. All of those members are
interested ; he is disinterested. I have no confi-
dence in them, if for no other reason than that
they have made war against the people they
undertook to protect. I refer the llouse to
the testimony produced before the Reconstruc-
tion Committee against these men. You will
find that it is not Democrats alone, not wliiie
Republicans of Mississippi alone, but the affi-
davits of negroes protesting against these men
being put back into power 011 the ground that
they have betrayed the trust confided to them ;
and that so far from protecting the people of
Mississippi, they have been trampling down
and destroying everything regarded by the peo-
ple as sacred. This Congress, sir, ought there-
fore to hesitate long before restoring them to
power.
One word more before my time expires.
As to the value of the provision in the fourth
section of the power given to the President to
remove the provisional governor appoiuted^by
the convention, it amounts to nothing. The
convention's governor belongs to them and they
to him. He agrees to promote their interest
to get them to appoint him, and they agree to
sustain him in all his acts and to still further
advance him when they gel in power. The
registrars and judges appointed by him may
be" ever so corrupt and complaints ever so
earnest mav be made to the President, and what
can be do ? t'he whole convention will as one
man sustain and swear by their governor. All
complaints will be treated as the discontented
mutterings of copperheads and rebels. Gen-
era! Grant has no means personally of ascer-
taining the truth. lie would be a bold man
if he would venture against the unanimous
voice of that convention to remove s provis-
ional govemoi they had appointed in accord-
ance with authority given thein by Congress,
and whose acts they, the professed represent-
atives of the people, unanimously indorsed. I
do not know what this Congress would attempt
to do with General Grant if he ventured to
exercise his authority under such circum-
stances. The last Congress would have im-
peached and removed President Johnson if he
had dared to do it.
I know, and this House knows, that the only
chance the people of Mississippi have to be
heard at the polls is now, in the first instance,
to continue the authority to superintend the
election in officers appointed by the President;
anything else will be a farce.
1 ask nothing for the people of Mississippi
except what, has been granted to all the other
States, and there is 110 State in the South that i
needs your protection, or ever did need it, as
much as she does.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this bill now, but I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Kentucky to
a statement he has made in the remarks which
he has just submitted. He declares that this
bill takes from the President all the power he
iias in relation to Mississippi, and especially,
if I understood him correctly, the power to
appoint a provisional governor. The gentle-
man is entirely mistaken. The President never
had any power to appoint a provisional gov-
ernor, and hence the power cannot be taken
away. The history of this subject is brief, in
June, 18lio, President Johnson appointed pro-
visional governors for seven of the rebel States.
These appointments were utterly unauthorized
by any provision of law or of the Constitution.
The lact that this was a usurpation was in part
the ground of opposition by Congress and the,
I people of the country to the " President's pol-
icy,'' as it was called. His appointments were
dangerous usurpations of power, which might
well have been made a just cause of impeach-
ment in view of the purposes he sought to
j accomplish. These governors proceeded to
organize civil State governments under the
President's orders, and in several of the States
new State governments were created, governors
elected, and the machinery of State govern-
ments set in operation. They claimed repre-
sentation in Congress. Congress met in De-
cember, 18G5, but did not propose at once to
interfere either with the provisional govern-
ments which had been instituted under procla-
mations by the President or the new State gov-
ernments created through their agency in some
of the Slates.
Accordingly the fourteenth constitutional
amendment, passed 111 Congress June 1 J, 1800,
was submitted to all the States, including the
new State governments which iiad been organ-
!i lzed without authority under the proclamations
j| of President Johnson. On the basis of the
j: adoption of that, and without any condition,
j] Tennessee was restored to her place in the
|j Union. Every one of the other rebel Slates
|| reorganized under the President's policy re-
j; jeeted the constitutional amendment, and in
1] almost every instance by an almost unanimous
i! vote of their Legislatures. They thus bid defi-
j: ance to the terms of restoration proposed by
i Congress; and in this they were encouraged
'! by the President, and very generally by the
1 rebel population of the South.
I! Now, sir, there has been no law at any time |
|| which evei recognized the validity of the ap- i
ij pointmenl of any provisional governors by
[I President Johnson, and there has been no law
| which has yet conferred 011 the President the
i power io make any such appointment in any
: one of the States.
L wish to call the attention of the gentleman !
fiom Kentucky especially to this statement, j
since lie seems to have been entirely mistaken |
on this subject. Lhc reconstruction acts ot j
!j the 2dauU2.5d of March, 1807, and the supple- ;
^ mental acts of July 19, 1807, ami March 11, !
j' 1S68, are followed by the acts admitting into j
; the Union the States which had been organized I
ji under the reconstruction acts. These are all !
, iiie laws on the subject. Undei these laws all
11 j - - rebel Mules were restored ■ their place m
the Union except Virginia, Mississippi, Texas,
and Georgia, if it be pro per to say that Georgia
is not yet restored. Now there has not been
in any of these acts or in any other law any
authority conferred upon the President to ap-
point a provisional governor. On the con-
trary, Mr. Speaker, the act of the 19th of July,
1807, expressly provides in sections two, thiee,
and four that the commander of any military
district may remove all officers, including the
Governors in the late rebel States, and that
the General of the Army may exercise tiiesame
authority. Congress was unwilling to trust
President Johnson with the power of appoint-
ment and the power of removal, and hence
these reconstruction acts conferred that power
upon military commanders of districts and the
General of the Army. This power now rests
with these commanders and the General of the
Army—General Sherman, who has succeeded
General Grant as General of the Army.
The bill now under consideration, therefore,
does not take any power from the President,
hut simply transfers the power of appointment,
of the provisional governor of the State of
Mississippi from the commander of that dis-
trict or the General of the Army to the consti-
tutional convention of the State. The amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky
simply presents the question whether it is bet-
ter that the power of appointment and removal
should be exercised by the constitutional con-
vention, directly elected by the people of Mis-
sissippi, or whether a new power shall be con-
ferred upon the President of the United States
which lie has never yet had. I do not think it
material whether this power shall be exercised
by the IJresident or the convention. I have
sufficient conlidence. 111 General Grant to be-
lieve that he will exercise it properly, and for
one 1 am willing to trust him 011 this and all
other subjects. But. the power is one, I sup-
pose, he does not covet, and I see no objection
to its exercise by a convention elected by the
voters of the State.
But when the gentleman says that this bill
takes any power of appointment from the Pres-
ident he is entirely mistaken. I rose mainly
lor the purpose of correcting the error into
which the gentleman has fallen.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will allow
me, by the second section of the act ol July
It) all the power of removal that the military
commander had was over the officers appointed
by the States themselves. The President had
already appointed provisional governors, and
even Andrew Johnson was appointed by Mr.
Lincoln provisional governor ot Tennessee-^
Air. LAWRENCE' The gentleman is mis-
taken both in his construction of the law and
as to what President, Lincoln did. Andrew
Johnson never was provisional governor; he
was President Lincoln's military governor,
clothed with military power only. He did not
reconstruct civil government.' The recon-
struction of Tennessee was the work of the
people in convention acting on their own
authority. Their work was ritilied by Congress
by restoring the reconstructed State to its place
in the Union.
Mr. BECK. Well, I do not know what you
call it.
Air. LAWRENCE. There is a wide dis-
tinction between a military and a provisional
governor. A militaiy governor is an officer
clothed wi.li military power, and that only. He
can exercise no authority in the reconstruction
of civil government in a State. The military
power may appoint such governor lor military
1 purposes. A provisional governor can only
j bo properly appointed in pursuance ot an act
of Congress, and is not a military officer, but
j exercises civil authority in the administration
I of a provisional government or in the reorgan-
' ization of a permanent civil government, m
! doing which he may bo aided by the military
authority, or perhaps in some cases be clothed
i by act of Congress with military power to give
1 eirect to his powers as a civil ruler. _
i 1'iie governors appomud 111 18oj by Mi.
f Jolinsou were umiuihoi /.e.l provisional, but
