1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
they will postpone it to business that is, as my
friend says, a mere matter of course, as some-
thing about this currency is the ordinary busi-
ness operations of every day. I wish the
Senate to undeistaud that by voting that the
currency bill shall be taken up and that the
Georgia bill shall not be I shall be relieved
from any further responsibility about it. That
is all I have to say. I hope the Senate will
not agree to the motion of my friend at this
time, but will permit me to call up the Georgia
case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to proceed to the consideration of the bill named
by him.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 36, noes 6.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays, so that it may be settled.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. Before I vote on this
motion I wish to inquire of the Senator from
Ohio whether, if his bill is taken up, he is de-
termined to press it against everything else. I
see that business is accumulating here rapidly,
and there is so much of it that we are to have
a very long session unless we stop ^bmewhere.
I am under a heavy pressure to bung forward
measures which T have declined to do. I want
to see a period to ih's session. I shall vote to
take up this bill it u is to be pressed to a con-
clusion, and then let us lake up the Georgia
matter and press that to a conclusion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state to the
Senate that I expect, if this bill is taken up,
to secure its passage m a very short time. It
is a bill that has passed the Senate before. 1
intend, as far as I am concerned, to stand by
it until it is disposed of, and then I shall vote
to take up the Georgia case.
Mr. POMEROY'. I object to taking up this
bill now if it is to lead to discussion. This is
the morning hour, and I have several bills in
my charge, and other Senators have bills in
their charge, which can be passed without a
word of discussion, by unanimous consent; and
yet «c consume every morning hour in taking
up matters that when taken up are discussed
all day. I shall vote now against taking up
this bill with a view to reaching some time the
Georgia case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word,
now that the yeas and nays are to be taken on
this question. 1 desire to call the attention
of Senators to this subject. It is entirely im-
material to me personally what course the
Senate take. If the Senate choose to let the
Georgia case slide, as some distinguished
statesman once said about the Union, and to
take up this matter of ordinary business, be
it so ; but I feel that 1 should not have dis-
charged the responsibility that in some way I
have had on this subject from having intro-
duced the bill, which was reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary without the ex-
pression of any opinion, unless I had a decision
from the Senate now, as we are coming to the
last days of the session, whether this measure,
which does take time unquestionably and re-
quires discussion, shall be considered by the
Senate. It they do not want to consider it, I
say amen j it satisfies me: but I should not
have done my duty without having a formal
vote on the question.
Mr. SUMNER. There are diffeieut degrees
of uigency in public business. I doubt not
iliat the bill of the Senator from Ohio, a cur-
rency bill, has its urgency ; but I am sure it
can have no urgency comparable to that of
the bill relating to Georgia. The Georgia
measure concerns the peace of^ that State, and
it also concerns the example of reconstruction
which we shall give to all the States lately in
rebellion. Nothing now before the Senate cau
equal it in urgency.
Now, allow me to say that the bill of my
friend f'oni Ohio can wait; the Georgia bill
ought not lo wait; it ought to be acted upon
promptly and at oneo. I shall theiefore deem
it my duty to vote against the motion ot the Sen-
ator from Ohio in order to reach the Georgia
bill.
Mr. STEWART. If this vote is lo be con-
sidered in any way as a test whether the Geor-
gia case shall be considered I shall vote
against taking up the bill of the Senator from
Ohio, because I regard the Georgia case as
more important. If the Senator from Ver-
mont who has it in charge regards this as
testing that question I shall vote with him.
Mr. SHERMAN. No Senator has the right
to make that test. I am in favor of taking up
the Georgia case and acting upon it. Here is
a bill that was the first reported, reported from
the Committee on Finance on the second day
of the session. It has been crowded aside
with my consent by business from the Judi-
ciary Committee ; and now, when I have a
motion to take it up in order, it is proposed to
crowd it off, to refuse to consider it, because
the Senator from Vermont thinks that in some
way or other ho can make a test vote against
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me. I am in favor of his bill. I hope he will
not misunderstand me about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it is only a question
which we shall take up first. I have no doubt
we can dispose of this bill in a very short time
and send it to the House of Representatives,
where it will be considered, and then we cau
take up the Georgia case. We waste more
time now in debating the order of business, it
seems to me, than we should require to pass
the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I shall vote with the Senator
from Massachusetts against taking up this bill
now; but I am surprised to hear him declare
that nothing before the Senate can be com-
pared iu urgency wilh the bill referred to by
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. No; I said the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. HOWE. That is still more surprising.
That simply relates to the peace of the Union,
he says ; hut here is a bill that I have asked
the Senate to consider which relates to the
welfare of a railway company, [laughter ;] and
1 must insist upon it that iu point of urgency,
if I cau believe the parties who are interested
in this matter, it is infinitely more urgent than
either of the bills which are moved by the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Ver-
mont.
But seriously, Mr. President, I have this to
say : is it quite fair to deprive us who have no
interest in any public business that, 1 ever heard
of, but who are charged with a few little local
affairs—extremely interesting m their way
they are, too—is it quite fair to deprive us of
the few minutes left in the morning hour? I
have asked the Senate once to set aside one
session iu a week to consider business from
certain couimiitees of the Senate. They have
refused to do that. Now, here is a measure
which, unless the two Houses'pass it some time
between this and the 5th of May, will do a
j great wrong ; that is, as great a wrong as cau
| be done iu private matters. It would not take
I ten minutes nor five for the Senate to pass
! upon it. Nobody would have any objection lo
I it ; but Senatois will persist in coming here
i and moving these great, two-story public meas-
i nres which they can have the attention of the
j Senate to at any time when they demand it.
I They will persist in moving them in the morn-
| ing hour. To be fair—I do not ask you to be
' generous—let us have these few minutes for
; this business.
j Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Indiana
; proposed to call up a bill, and I should like to
! hear what the merits of that bill are.
| Mr. HOWE. I overlooked that.
| Mr. MORTON. I do not know whether the
i bill which I propose to call up will commend
■ itself to the favor of the Senate or not. It is a
bill to enable a company to build a railroad to
i the Pacific witlioutrequiringof the Government
i a grant of lands or a grant of tnotic). It asks
no!lung but, the light of way over our wilder-
' iilSs lauds, and ought not lo take ten minutes
in its passage. It has passed the House of
Representatives twice, at the last session and
at this session, and I should be very glad if the
Senate would allow it to be called up, that it
might be considered and passed. It would
take but a very few minutes.
Mr. POMEEOY. I sympathize with what
the Senator from Wisconsin says. I have a
little bill relating to my own State, restoring
to ihe public domain some lands. It grants
nothing; only allows settlers to have the lands.
I have tried several days to get a hearing for
that bill, but I cannot do it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to take up Senate bill No. 48.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 15; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Boreman, Brown-
low, Oasserly, Chandter, Cole, Corbett, Davis, Drake,
Fcriton, Fossenden, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan. Harris,
Howard, Kellogg, MeOreery, McDonald, Morrill,
Morton, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Iloss,,
Sawyer, Sehurz, Sherman. Stockton, Thayer, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, WiUey, Williams,
and Mates—40.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Buckingham, Conkling,
CraEfin, fldmnnds, Ferry, llamlin, Howe, Norton,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Spraguo, Stowart, Sumner, and
Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Mossrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Gilbert, Hamilton, Nye.Patterson, Saulsbury, Scott,
Spencer, and Warner—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
MHSS.UiE FROM TI11« HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiikon, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. 11. No. 40) for the relief of Samuel
IT. Moore, late a private in company G, fifty-
seventh regiment Ohio veteran volunteer in-
fantry ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 4) relating to
steamboats and other vessels owned in the
loyal States.
JiNHOLMiD BILLS SIOSKD.
The messagealsoannouncedthatthe Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 37) to remove the charge of
deseition from certain soldiers of the second
North Carolina mounted infantry ;
A joint resolution (S. it. No. 20) iu relation
j to light.-houses on the coast of Oregon ; and
■ A joint resolution (S. R. No. 22) relative to
I consular fees.
HOUSE lilLLS REFERRED.
'flu! bill (II. R. No. 4fi) for the relief of
Samuel II. Moore, late a private in company
G, filt.y seventh regiment Ohio veteran volun-
teer mfanlry, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Aftairs.
The joint resolution (II. 11. No. 4) relating
to steamboats and other vessels owned in the
loyal States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
N ATI ON A b BANKS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
•1.3) supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide,
for the circulation and redemption tliereot,1'
approved June 181)4.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. HOWE. 1 ask the Senator from Ohio
now if he will not give way
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 had to state distinctly
that I would not give wiiy to anything before
this bill was taken up.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator said
,, be would move to lay this bill aside,
j; Mr. SHERMAN. I did proposeto do it; but
ji the Senator declined, and then Senators around
|! me insisted ; and I cannot yield. _
i! jlr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire whether
!! tins bill kjis been read at lliic session?
