1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
eulation of the country was proposed here,
and, without much debate, was almost carried.
It seemsto mea proposition of that kind would
derange and tear tip the business of this coun-
try to an extent that would be very injurious.
We had better accomplish this redistribution
by slow and gradual means. After we have
resumed specie payments there will be no con-
test about it. If the proposition should now
be made to increase the amount of $20,000,000
to $30,000,000, or any higher sum, I should feel
bound to oppose it.
My constituents, I may say, are entirely im-
partial in this matter. We neither lose nor
gain by this bill. We have about our propor-
tion, a little less than our proportion, and I
ilo not wish for any more ; and under this bill
we shall lose nothing and gain nothing. I
would not be willing to vote for a general re-
distribution of the banking circulation, which
would disturb all the business of the New Rug-
land and Middle States, merely to secure a
nominal equality in the distribution of circu-
lation. Tt, is better, in my judgment, to take
this measure, which will supply the South and
West in a partial degree with banking circula-
tion, depending on future legislation and upon
the resumption of specie payments for a settle-
ment of the question upon a more general
basis.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Ohio another question about this
fourth section, for information. I perceive
that it, provides that the circulation to be issued
to the States having less than their proportion
of the $300,000,000 shall be withdrawn pro
rata from banks organized in States having a
circulation exceeding that provided for by the
currency act. What 1 wish to inquiie of my
friend from Ohio is, supposing, for the sake
of illustration, that the State of Vermont has
$5,000 more circulation than the bank act
authorizes her to have, or her proportion—I
do not know that the fact is so ; I believe she
has a little less; but I refer to that State for
illustration-—and suppose the State of Massa-
chusetts lias $5,000,000 more. Now, with-
drawing from the banks of those States ten
per cent,, pro rata would be doing a great in-
justice to the banks of the State of Vermont
by running them clear down below what their
proportion is, and still leaving possibly the
State of Massachusetts altogether in excess.
I call the Senator's attention to that, and
should like to have his views on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is answered by the
language of the fourth section, commencing at,
the twenty-fourth line. It says:
And shall, when circulation rcrjuircrt, muke a
requisition tor such amount upon such banks, cum-
meiicing pro j-afrMVith b.uikb in States having the
lursrest excess ot' circulation, and reducing thucii-
culation ot banks m fckates bavin? the greatest pro-
portion in excess, turning uudistuibcd the banks in
States having a smaller proportion until ttlose in
greater exccss have been reduced to tiie same grade,
and continuing Llui^to make tin-reduction provided
tor by this act until the lull amount ol $20,000,000
herein provided torshuil be withdrawn.
The Senator will see that wo take the scale
and apply it. It so happens it only applies to
three or four Stales.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I do not understand
precisely the application in this twenty-fifth
line of the word jot rata—" commencing pro
rata with banks m States having the largest
excess of circulation." !
Mr. SHERMAN. If, as is the case, Rhode i
Island has the largest excess her proportion j
wiii be reduced to the scale of Massachusetts
pro rata. Then Massachusetts and Ithode }
Island will lie red need down to the scale of Con-
necticut. Then Massachusetts, Rhode Island, !
and Connecticut will be reduced down, per-
haps, to the scale of New Yoik. 1 am not sure
whether New York is reached or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not care about what
States are reached.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, that is the
principle—thalynu coin tnence thereiluetionjjro
rata in States that have the largest excess, and
go on gradually until you reach I he $20,000,000
and there stop. 1 ha! is the effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the thing is to be done
according to the remarks of my friend from
Ohio I do not see that there is any special j
objection to that way of doing it; but 1 am not j
clear that that is the meaning of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is clearly enough i
expressed.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I take it we
are all agreed that the present distribution of
banking currency is grossly unequal. We are
all.agreed that some remedy should be ap-
plied. I presume we are all agreed, further,
that this whole system is arbitrary, is not
founded on reason. 1 do not think we should
disturb what already exists. If we had specie
payments I suppose we should all agree that
we ought to have a free banking system. To
base banks on wealth or on population its to
adopt a foundation that has no reason to rest
upon. A locality in one section of the coun-
try with the same amount, of wealth and the
same number of population as a locality in
another section may need live times as much
banking circulation. So it is in the same sec-
tion of the country ; places within a few miles
of each other may want four or live times
as much banking capital and circulation as
another community equally wealthy and equal
in population. It depends on the character
of their occupations. A community engaged
in commerce, in manufactures, and the me-
chanic arts requires a larger circulation, more
banking capital, and moie banking facilities
than a purely ugi ieultural section of the country.
This bill proposes to disturb what already
exists. The eastern States before the war had
a larger proportion of banking capital than
other sections of the country possessed, and
they needed more. When Congress estab-
lished the national banking system the State
banks were induced to avail themselves of it,
although their managers believed it was con-
trary to their interests, and it was certainly
contrary to the general interests of the people,
for several States lost large amounts of tax-
ation.
This bill, as it stands, takes $20,000,000 of
banking capital from Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, and Connecticut, $13,500,000 from
Massachusetts, and $0,500,000 from Rhode
Island and Connecticut, and that during the
coming year. It can but have one eifect, and
that will be to disturb business affairs in that
section of the country.
1 do not think we ought to enter on that
policy of inteifeiing with the banks where
banking capital now exists, 1 think it far bet-
ter to increase the banking capital and with-
draw greenbacks correspondingly, and I wish
that we had not, a greenback in the country
and that wo had banking capital established
where it is needed in various parts of the
counti'3'.
1 have proposed to strike out the fourth sec-
tion of this bill and to withdraw $50,000,000
of greenbacks and establish $50,000,000 of
additional banking currency in the western and
southern States, m the new sections of the
country. That will not interfere with us, will
not interfere with the banks in any portion of
the country; it will not increase the circula-
tion, will not disturb the circulation in the
least, and will extend the banking capital of
the country $50,000,000, which is bet lei thai,
$20,000,000, for I do not believe that $20,000,-
000 will answer all the wants of the people
of the South and West. The southern sec-
tion of the country, being at war when our
banking system was established, comes out of
the war with hardly any hanking capital at all.
Last year they had m most sections of the
South a good cotton crop, and that portion of
the Union has improved very much in wealth
and in the means to establish banking institu-
tions. So it is, too, in certain portions of the
growing West, which need greater banking
facilities. I think they ought to have them,
and I intend to vote that they shall have them
even if it bears hard on my section of the
country. 1 do not see the least need in the
world of interfering with the banks that are
established under the law. I think we may
just as well increase the banking circulation
a reasonable amount. I would vote for $100,-
000,000 if necessary and withdraw greenbacks
to that amount. They will not increase the
amount of circulation in the least, and will not
disturb what exists; and I believe that this
amendment, if it should be adopted, would give
the people of the South and West $50,000,000
of banking capital during the year to come,
and perhaps by another year we may be in a
condition to found our banking system upon
the only rational basis, and that basis is free
banking. Then banking circulation will be
according to the needs of the various sections
ot the country. To take during the coming
year $13,500,000 of circulation from the banks
of Massachusetts, and $6,51',0,000 from llhode
Island and Connecticut,, would be felt in our
business interests during the coming year, and
it will be oppressive, and there is no need of
oppressing any section of the country. We
can adopt a system that will furnish the new
sections of i,he country and the southern
Slates with all that those portions of the nation
need without injuring anybody.
Mr. ROBERTSON. lam very anxious that
this bill should pass. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts remarks that to take $13,500,000 of
ciiciilation fiom his State and $0,500,000 fimn
Rhode Island and Connecticut will very seri-
ously incom euience the citizens of those Slates.
In leply to that, I say that ll'tlio South makes
a good cotton crop this year we calculate to
take a good deal more money out. of his State
than $13,500,000; that is, if they want to man-
ufacture our cotton I think it is right and
proper and jtiht. that we should have our share
of banking capital m the South. ]5y that
means a gieat deal ot the money we have down
there will necessarily remain there. The great
difficulty in gelling Ne.v York exchange and
in getting money from the South to the North
would then in a large measure cease. I hardly
think it fair that Massachusetts and other States
should have privileges which we do not enjoy,
and therefore I hope this bill will pass.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment or two to this bill. 1 suppose that it must
pass. I regret that the idea suggested by the
Senator from Massachusetts has not seemed
to find favor with the Senate, it did not liud
favor with the Committee on Finance. 1 think
that is the proper mode to reach a remedy for
the existing cvd ; but all that 1 propose to do
at the present time is to oiler certain amend-
ments, if the bill uiu^t pass, to impi ove the bilk
I f hall propose in section four, line twenty-five,
after the woid *' banks," to insert "having a
capital exceeding $100,000." I do not think
it is drsirahle that the small banks of §50.000,
£75,000, and $100,000 of capital shall be dis-
turbed at all. If requisitions are to be made,
they had better be made on banks of a larger
capital.
Then, in the same section, at the end of lino
twenty-live, i shall move to insert "cities hav-
ing an amount of' banking circulation to more
than double the amount of that which was held
in such cities by State banking institutions in
1800, and next in so as to read :
And bhall, when circulation is icquircd, make a
requisition tor such amount upon sucu banks hav-
ing «i<opifnl exceeding s-100,000, c >mmeneni£
j <(tn with banls> i'i cities having an amount of bank-
iny: urcuiai iou to more tlun double the amount of
that which w:ih lieltl m such cirios by State banking
institutions m 18u0, nnd next m States bavins tho
hagc&t oxccss ot circulation,
f desiie to cull the attention of the Senate
to the facts ot this ea^e. In 1808 the banking
capital of the city of New Yotk, under the
national currency act, exclusive of the State
banks, was $74,000,000 in round numbers, and
their circulating notes then outstanding were
$35,4511,000. The increase of banking cap-
ital in the city of New York since June, 1803,
was $5,000,000 only, while the increase of cir-
culating notes bv the New \ork city banks
alone was $29,299,820. It does not need a
loop" argument to show that if there is a great
excess of currency in any pov-fou of the oouu-
