1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
end of the twenty-fifth line of the fourth section
the words:
Cities having an amount of banking circulation to
more than double the amount of that which was held
in such cities by State banking institutions in 18ti0,
and nexlm.
The amendraent whs rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed- j
mun'DS in the chair.) The question now is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer an amendment to
the amendment, to strike out in the ninth line
" $350,000,000" and insert "$400,000,000.''
The object of my amendment is to increase
the amount of circulation proposed to be dis-
tributed more equally among the southern and
western States. The amendment now pending
proposes to add $50,000,000 only, and thus dis-
tribute it. I propose to double that amount.
The circulation now is only $300,000,000. The
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
adds $50,000,000 to it. I propose to make the
total $-100,000,000.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in speaking
of the operation and effect of the fourth section
of the 1j.1I on his constituents, spoke of it as a
hardship. His remarks suggested to my mind
the difference between the condition of the
people of the State I have the honor in part
to represent and that of the people of the State
of Massachusetts. The State of Massachu-
setts, I believe, has about sixteen hundred
thousand inhabitants, and has $.">7,000,000 and
upward of banking circulation, or about thirty-
four dollars per capita. The State of Louisi-
ana has about one million inhabitants, and a
little over one million dollars of banking cir-
culation, or about one dollar per capita. One
third of the entire cotton crop of the South
the past season, that is to say, since the 1st day
of September last, has been taken to New
Orleans. Ithnsreqnired more than $90,000,000
to move that cotton. The whole circulation,
f repeat, is a little over one million dollars 111
our State. The exchange our people are com-
pelled to pay varies from three fourths to one
and one fourth per cent. Now I insist and
submit that it is not just to the people of the
West or of the South that they shall be allowed
only a circulation of a little over two dollars
per capita, whereas the States of New England
and the State of New York have over twenty
dollars per capita. The object of my amend-
ment is apparent, and I submit the justice of it.
Mr. MORTON. I would inquire of the
Senator from Louisiana whether he proposes
to retire an equal number of greenbacks ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. Is that part of your amend-
ment ?
Mr. KELLOGG. It is intended to make
that a part of the proposition.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this amend-
ment proposes to increase the national bank-
ing currency to $100,000,000, and to retire an
amount of United States notes equal to the
addition proposed to the bank circulation. I
do not think we are at liberty now to make
this arrangement. We have recently passed
an act, entitled '"An act to strengthen the pub-
lic credit," and that bill has given a solemn
pledge to the country which I suppose is as
binding as any other pledge given in that act:
" and the United States also solemnly pledges
its faith to make provision at the earliest prac-
ticable period for the redemption of the United
States notes in com." It would not be a com-
pliance with that pledge either in spirit or in
letter to propose to substitute for the United
States notes, either in part or in whole, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts,
irredeemable bank paper. That act provides
that until we have returned to specie payments
none of the interest-bearing obligations shall
be redeemed or paid before maturity, and then
solemnly pledges the faith of the nation to
make provision at the earliest^ practicable
period for the redemption of the United States
notes in coin. It would be in direct violation
of that pledge if, instead of making provision
at the earliest practicable moment to redeem
these notes in coin, we propose to retire them
and to substitute for them an irredeemable
bank paper for the redemption of which no
provision is made.
I am aware of the necessity for a more equal
distribution of the national banking currency,
and I hope that some adequate provision will
be made for that; but I cannot consent to
do it in this form, by which a pledge is to be
violated which has been but very recently
given ; nor can I consent to do it according to
the original amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, by increasing the currency
$14,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have modified that.
Mr. MORTON. 1 understand the Senator
to lnive modified it so that there shall be no
increase of the currency, but to provide that
there shall be an increase of the banking capi-
tal of $50,000,000, for which an equal amount
of United States notes shall be retired. At
the tune the act to strengthen the public credit
was passed 1 was satisfied that the provision
which was put in it in regard to the redemp-
tion of United States notes in coin would inter-
fere with several plans that had at least been
proposed for the retirement of these notes, for
funding them into bonds, or substituting for
them national bank currency. 1 cannot con-
sent that the spirit and letter of this pledge
shall be violated thus early. There are many
other questions ill regard to the body of the
bill which 1 desire to advert to at another time
before the debate is over.
Mr. CORBET T. It seems to me that these
$50,000,000 may be ietired trom the income.
If we have an excess of money beyond the
wants of the Government that amount of cur-
rency may be withdrawn. The section does not
provide how it shall be withdrawn, whether it
shall be by issuing bonds for the notes or
whether it shall be retired as an excess oi
money on hand over and above the wants of the
Government. If'there is an excess of money
m the Treasury over and above the wants of
the Government that excess may be retired.
Parties desiring to establish banks will present
their bonds to the Treasurer of the United
States and Comptroller of the Currency and
ask the issue of bank currency. Really this
retirement of the legal tenders makes the bal-
ance more valuable, because there will be a less
amount of legal tenders in circulation; and
then, when you return to specie payments, in-
stead of having $300,000,000 you will only have
$300,000,001) to redeem in gold. Consequently
by withdrawing this amount of $50,000,000
you aie better off, in a better condition to re-
turn to specie payments, than you would be if
you had those greenbacks in circulation and a
less amount of bank currency. The banks in
increasing the bank currency really assume the
obligation, and when you return to specie pay-
ments they take upon themselves the duty, if
they go into this banking business, of redeem-
ing in whatever the law requires. Conse-
quently, if the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts is adopted, we shall be in better
condition to return to specie payments than we
should without it.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to the vague language in the latter
part of the first section of his amendment. It
says :
In issuing' said circulating notes proferenco shall
be given to banking associations m S a'cs and sec-
tions ol the country not adequately supplied with
banking facilities.
Who is to be the judge of that ? How is it
to be arranged ? If this amendment is to pass,
certainly it ought to be stated in precise terms
how the amount is to be distributed. Now,
what would be the effect of the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts oil the south-
ern part of the country? It withdraws the
greenbacks—the greenbacks are the chief cir-
culation there—and it would not benelit us at
all, because the greenbacks would be with-
drawn and the bank circulation issued. You
might benefit the other parts of the country
where they have but few greenbacks and a
large banking circulation. If I were to vote
for this proposition at all I should most cer-
tainly vote for the amendment to it of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana; but I think it is better
on the whole to take the judgment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and throw this amendment
aside. I hope we shall have the question.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The correct condition of
this question is simply this : bonds are capital,
as much capital for the uses of the people as
bank capital. The proposition to increase the
banking capital $100,000,000 involves the re-
tirement of $100,000,000 of bonds into the
Treasury and the issue thereupon of $90,000,-
000 of notes, by which the people are deprived
of $10,000,000 of the capital on which they
now do their business, and nobody gains any-
thing possibly by it except the owners of the
stock in the banks. They derive interest on
the bonds deposited with the Government, and
they also derive the interest on the $90,000,000
or the ninety percent, of the circulation issued
to the banks with which they discount. No-
body, then, but the owners of the stock gain
any possible advantage ; but the disadvantage
to the country is that it deprives business of
$10,000,000 at a time when they are so thirsty
for capital.
Mr. MOItTON. The Senator from Rhode
Island is partly right, I think, and partly wrong.
If the bonds on which to base these new banks
were to be bought from the Government he
might be right; but they are not to be bought
from the Government now; they are to be
bought in the market, because we do not pro-
pose to increase the number of our bonds.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The bonds in the market
are banking capital as much as chartered bank
capital. It does not make any difference
whether they are new bonds issued or old
bonds in the market.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to suggest to
the Senators from the South that in my opin-
ion they are chiefly interested in effecting a
transfer of banking capital from the East to
the South. Let me suppose that it is proposed
to establish a bank in the city of Raleigh, North
Carolina, by the citizens living there. 'They
will buy their bonds at the great bond mar-
ket, the city of New York. They want to get a
bank large enough to issue currency to the
amount of $500,000. They must therefore de-
posit bonds to an amount ten per cent, greater
than the amount of cuirency they want to get.
The bonds command a premium. Therefore
the citizens of Raleigh, North Carolina, to get
their bank, must gather up $600,000 of cur-
rency and carry that to the city of New York
for the purpose of buying their bonds in the
first place: and after they get their bank organ-
ized they only get $500,000 of currency back.
In other words, the operation would take out
of the State of North Carolina $100,000 of
currency more than it would getback by the
establishment of the bank. Of course the
bank itself would be profitable: the stock-
holders would make money ; but so far as the
currency in that State was concerned the first
operation would be to take out of the State
$100,000 more than it would ultimately get
back.
But if a transfer of banking capital from the
East to the West and South could be effected,
the State of Noith Carolina would gain bank-
ing capital just to that extent; nothing would
be taken away, but that much would go there.
This legislation, if it could be brought about
so as to effect a transfer of banks from the
| States where they are in the greatest abun-
' dance to the South would, in my opinion,
make banking more profitable to those whose
[ batiks were transferred than it is now where
! there is such a collection of banks. It would
thus add to the banking capital of the South,
and all they would thus get would be a
! clear addition. Banking is a non-productive
! business. It produces nothing, and it is not
1 profitable as a general thing that tlie capital
i of a country should be invested in banks,
