1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
bank in the State ; and I suppose it is not im-
proper for me to say that his relations to the
Secretary of the Treasury were a strong reason
why he did it; but it was impossible to get
anybody to take the subscriptions, and I think
he had to take pretty much the whole of the
stock himself. It was not until the General
Government compelled us to go into that sys-
tem, by taxing our old bank circulation ont of
existence, that we went into it. Now we have
no more banking facilities than we need, and
no more than we ought to have ; but if you will
allow us to go backto the old system, if you will
take off your taxes and allow us to bank upon
the principle and the system that we had before
this law was passed, we shall be perfectly con-
tent. Our bank dividends are no larger now,
in the aggregate, than they were before.
Mr. HOWE. I did not mean to do any
injustice to Rhode Island. Perhaps I was
wrong in saying that Rhode Island grabbed at
this privilege. I did not remember the fact that
she was goaded into it. I did not remember
the fact that she was solicited with a pitchfork.
If the fact was so 
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to correct one
statement of fact right there.
Mr. HOWE. In one moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin must not be interrupted
without liis consent.
Mr. HOWE. If the fact was so, commend
me to the pitchfork for all time to come as a
mode of argumentation, [laughter;] for evi-
dently she did very well under that mode of
solicitation. She got more banking circulation
than upon any basis of calculation she could
pretend to be entitled to, whether measured by
her population or by her business. I will yield
now to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. ANTHONY". I should suppose, when
we were compelled to adopt the system, we
ought to have the advantages as well as the
disadvantages of it.
Mr. HOWE. Of course.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 remember the occasion
very well when Judge Collamer used that ex-
pression ; but I remember that afterward, when
Rhode Island had got as much as she was en-
titled to under the banking act, on the motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island himself, on
the last day of the session, an unfortunate pro-
vision was attached to an appropriation bill,
if I remember aright, which has created all
this disturbance, and gave to Rhode Island more
than her share under the national banking act.
T think my friend will remember that. So as
to the excess over her proportion under the
national banking act she certainly was not
pitchforked into it. She got it by a little
amendment stuck on the end of an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose the Senator
alludes to the amendment that in organizing
national banks preference should be given to
existing State banks over new banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. That provision was so
manifestly just that I think nobody objected
to it here ; but it had very little effect in our
State. Indeed, it was on account of the gen-
eral equity of the principle that I offered it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It did not change the
force of the law at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; it did not change
the force of it at all.
Mr. HOWE. I have no doubt the Senator
from Ohio is mistaken. I guess that little
amendment that the Senator from Rhode Island
offered had not any effect. I guess it wa3 the
pitchfork that did it. [Laughter.] But, after
all, it was done. That is the discrepancy
between two of the States.
But I was saying that there was another por-
tion of the country which did not get a dollar.
The pitchfork did not have the slightest effect
on them. The Senator from Oregon says that
is their fault; they had no business to be rebels.
I think they had no business to be rebels; but
we assume that they are not rebels any longer.
The Senator from Oregon does not really mean
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 18.
to insist that we shall punish the crime of trea-
son down there by denying to those communi-
ties the privilege of banking for all time to
come. I f he means to urge it as a penalty for
treason, it would be commended to me by one
consideration, and that is, that it is the only
show of punishment that treason has been sub-
jected to or is likely to be subjected to; but,
after all, I would about as lief treason should
go unpunished as to be punished in that par-
ticular way.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not think I said any-
thing that admits of any such inference. I
said I was in favor of free banking, so that
they could have the necessary facilities, but I
was opposed io tlie violent abstraction of
$20,000,000 of money from one section of the
country to give it to that section; and I re-
ferred to the circumstances under which this
circulation was located in the eastern States.
I want the southern States to have facilities,
and I have voted for a free banking system
whenever I have had an opportunity.
Mr. HOWE. Very well. The Senator and
myself, then, are agreed that these communi-
ties should not be excluded from whatever
privileges there are in banking, because of the
crime in which they were lately engaged. If
agreed upon that point, there was no occasion
for referring to the late rebellion at all.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator says that
he is opposed to jerking part of this privilege
away from the States that have got it, and are
in the quiet and peaceable enjoyment of it.
Well, it is hard. I am not much in favor of
it. Although you see I have been talking a
long while3 trying to reason myself into the
belief that one side or the other was right, yet
up to this moment I am in doubt as to whether
I shall vote for or against that proposition.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yote on both sides.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I am not sure that I shall not
vote on both sides, as the Senator from Maine
suggests. It is a little harsh to take this
$20,000,000 away. Our friends seem to be
doing very well with it. They are entirely
right in saying that South Carolina gets this
circulation. So does Wisconsin. Our friends
who are engaged in bunking down East are
very clever fellows. When we want money to
move our wheat we understand we can go
down there and borrow it. If we have gut the
collaterals to put up we get it; it comes to us.
But after all there is a belief abroad that it is
something of an advantage to be allowed to
issue this money; that that of itself is a priv-
ilege ; that that pays pretty well; and there is
a shrewd suspicion that if this privilege was
not confined by law to a few there would be
more men in Wisconsin, more men in Mis-
souri, and more men in the Gulf States who
would be engaged in it; and there is a shrewd
suspicion that, if this privilege were a free one,
if all had an equal right to engage in it, and
to say where they would locale their institu-
tions, there would be fewer of them in Rhode
Island and in New York. That is the idea
that is abroad ; and I should like to see it tried.
But, I say, this taking $20,000,000 now,
snatching it away in this way, and 515,000,000
next year, although it seems to be tending
toward relief, is not a relief, I guess, or there
is so little of that in it that I had about as soon
take bread pills for a fevia-, thinking to cure
it, as to take this expedient to cure this diffi-
culty in the banking system. [Laughter.]
Get away with your legal-tender notes, as you
call them. They are a tender in law, and in
nothing else—no ; I am mistaken, they are a
tender in law, and tenderer still in everything
else. [Laughter.] Get them out of the way;
and then let banking be like other branches
of business, a free business; name the condi-
tions upon which paper may be circulated.as
money; let all participate in those conditions,;
and then you will begin to have a healthier
system of banking than this country has ever
known.
Mr: SPR AQ-UE. I have heard a great many
unfair statements in this body, but I consider
the remarks of the Senator from Wisconsin
more unfair than any that I have yet heard.
The fact is, this capital concentrated in the
New England States was demanded by the
exigencies of the Government. They could not
go-to Wisconsin to obtain the capital to carry
on the war, because it was not there ; and they
went where it was, and they took the capital
and gave those people in its place these bonds
and this circulation. It is all right now, be-
cause the Government bonds are at near par;
but suppose, on the other hand, that these
bonds had been at forty or fifty per cent., what
condition would that capital have been in, and
what condition would that people have been in?
Sir, this thing is not at all understood. The
Senator from Wisconsin has an idea that this
measure is to deprive Rhode Island, Connec-
ticut, and Massachusetts of banking capital.
How erroneous that is! It, in effect, restores
to them the difference between ninety and one
hundred per cent, of capital in addition to that
which they have at the present time. The
only difference is in the matter of interest;
whether you will pay the stockholders of the
banks in Rhode Island, the twenty thousand
men, women, and children who derive subsist-
ence from those banks, or whether you will
transfer it to half a dozen men in South Caro-
lina. There is the exact condition in which
this question is. The Government saw this
capital throughout the country. It was com-
pelled to obtain it in one way or the other, 110
matter how. It put before these people this
inducement. They were for a long time re-
luctant, feeling, and reasonably feeling, too,
that the bonds they took would be so depre-
ciated that they would lose their money. _ Let
me read in this connection a few words written
by the elder Disraeli:
"A society which becomes too powerful by their
woaltli has ever been marked out for the spoil of the
Government or the people^there are so many pas-
sions in human nature which are allied against a
flourishing body. First hated and then calumniated,
they become the victims oi State, and Justice veils
her eyes during the popular suppression or destruc-
tion. Such was the late of the order of thc'Icuiplar&,
of the English monastic institutions, of the Jesuits
throughout Europe. The historical problem is of no
difficult solution. Whenever a heavy price is pro-
claimed to discover offenders, however innocent,
ollondois will be found; and for the informers there
can be no liighoi price than a share in the confisca-
tion."
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Senator,
I think, must have misunderstood mo, or he
would not have declared that anything that 1
had said was more unfair than anything he had
ever heard said before. What have I stated
that was unfair? If the Senator means to be
understood that it is unfair to take this bank-
ing circulation away from Rhode Island I beg
him to remember that I do not stand here as
an advocate of that measure. I spoke of the
operation of the banking law. I said that it
had such an effect upon the banking circula-
tion of Rhode Island and such an effect upon
the banking circulation of Wisconsin. Did I
misstate the facts? If I did not, was it not fair
to state the facts ? They are statistical facts.
There is nothing unfair in urging them.
But the Senator says that the Government
needed this capital to carry on the war and
were compelled to have it, and went to Rhode
Island for it because they could not get it in
Wisconsin. I will not enter into amy contro-
versy with my friend from Rhode Island as to
the relative amount of capital which is in
Rhode Island and in Wisconsin; but is he
entirely sure that he is authorized to say that
the Government did not get thq means with
which it waged this war as much in Wisconsin
as in Riiode Island? It was not greenbacks,
nor bonds, nor specie that the Government
. needed .so much as men and wheat and pork
and beef, and Wisconsin contributed its share
in all those commodities to this war and to all
emergencies. , .
Mr. SPRAGUE. She got her pay with this
bank capital from Rhode Islantd. _
Mr. HOWE. Yes; she got her pay, gotttos
paper; but we.Beyer asked bank capital from
