1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
them to receive their ratable proportion of the
public securities.
Now, sir, after a lapse of time, and when the
rebellion has been suppressed and it becomes
important to supply facilities to those States
that have been ransomed there, you turn around
to these New England States and undertake to
confiscate—that is the proper word to apply to
the case—a portion of the banking interest
which belongs to them. I ask again on what
principle of justice can this be vindicated? On
none. The only answer that the Senator from
Ohio can give is that this banking capital is
needed in these other States.
Is that a reason? Because banking capital
is needed in tnese other States shall you, there-
fore, enter into the New England States and
take it from them? Again 1 ask, oil what
principle of justice? I answer positively none.
There is no principle of justness.
All that the Senator from Ohio has ventured
to assign in favor of the policy that he recom-
mends is that if we undertake to absorb, by
the process of funding, a certain amount of the
greenbacks it would raise a difficult question.
Very well, sir, raise the difficult question rather
than do an injustice to deserving States. There
is no reason why we should wrong them. They
are patriotic ; they are willing out of their abun-
dance to make every reasonable contribution ;
they are willing to suffer with the rest; but you
must not despoil them.
It seems to me, reflecting upon this question
since it has been presented to the Senate, that ;
there are two courses which may be pursued.
One is to abandon the whole proposition of tfie
Committee on Finance, to undertake to make j
no distribution. Certainly that is better than
to make a distribution radically unjust, and at [
the expense of certain States of this Union. i
You have no right to do anything that is not :
just. You have no right, therefore, to make a I
distribution at the expense of other States of I
this Union. I say, then, you may abandon the
whole proposition ; but I do not venture to
propose that; there is still another, which my
colleague has foreshadowed in his amendment;
and that is, to allow the issue of $50,000,000
of additional banking circulation for the use
of those States that need it. That is a plain
proposition; it is simple, it is sensible, it is
much broader than the proposition of the com-
mittee; itdoes mors, itsuppliesalargeramount,
and it does no injustice to any part of the
Union. Why, then, should it not be adopted?
There is but one reason that can be assigned ;
and that is, a reason of inconvenience. It lias
been assigned by toy friend, the Senator from
Ohio, simply a reason of inconvenience, and
because it is inconvenient the Senator presses
forward to do an act of injustice.
Now, sir, I protest against the proposition
of the committee. Should it pass it would
take from the State of Massachusetts upward
of thirteen millions of its currency. Why will
you do that? Have you a right to do it? You
have no right to do what is wrong. You have
no right to take that currency which you en-
ticed into that State, the use of which you have
had yourselves, which has contributed to the
wealth and the success of the W'mon. Y'ou
have no right to take it away from tiie State to
itsdetiiment now. There it is, and you must
allow it to remain until by the natural pro-
cesses of trade, with the consent of the State
itself or of the parties, the transfer may be
made, or the whole subject may be settled in a
happy day when we shall have specie payments
and, as lias tfeen so often suggested, a free bank-
ing system which will show itself in every part
of the country.
Now, sir, what I say seems to me to be rea-
sonable, simple, and just; and I hope that my
friend, the Senator from Ohio, who has pressed
this measure with so much assiduity, will be
willing to hearken to the reason of the case, to
the justice of the case, and abandon the prop-
osition of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has asked me a fair question and I
will give him a fair answer; but in order to do
so it is necessary for me to refer to one or two
■well-established facts known to him and known
to the public records of the country. 1 hold
in my hand the last report of the Comptroller
of the Currency, from which itappears that the
amount of circulation of national banks in the
State of lihode Island is $12,491,480, and the
circulation in Massachusetts is almost in the
same ratio, a little less. Rhode Island contains,
I believe, between two and three hundred thou-
sand inhabitants. There are in thirteen States
of the Union about ten million people, and in
those thirteen States the amount of circulation
is 85,851,000. The circulation of all the west-
ern and southern States combined, including
Ohio, is less than the combined circulation of
Massachusetts and Rhode Island. Why is this?
Is it because the South and West have no need
of banking capital, no occasion for banking
facilities, no business, no enterprise, no indus-
try, nothing to demand banking circulation?
-Not at all. It is simply because an iron rule
of law passed during the civil war prevents the
South and West from having that which these
States enjoy. Now the question is : will you
relax that rule; will you allow this standing
evil, this standing complaint made in every
household in the West and South to remain
without any attempt to correct it, or will you
try to apply a remedy? The Senator himself
says that it ought to bo corrected. How shall
it be corrected ? You may enlarge the limit of
circulation. The amount is now ^"00,000,000.
Would the Senator from Massachusetts vole
for a proposition to enlarge the limit of
000,000 before the remmption of specie pay-
ments? Two or three years ago the Committee
on Finance reported a proposition to add to
the amount of circulation $20,000,000. Sim-
ply to avoid the difficulty of withdrawing any
portion of the existing circulation i t was thought
better to heal up this inequality, to some extent
at least, by adding to the amount of circulation.
After a long debate it passed the Senate, but
was defeated in the House of Representatives,
and so that measure failed.
What then? The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] proposes to withdraw the
greenbacks on which the people of the United
States are paying no interest, and issue bank
circulation in their stead before specie pay-
ments are resumed. We know that such a
proposition, although very plausible on its
face, cannot be adopted. How will you with-
draw §50,000,000 of notes that aie now out-
standing? Have you a surplus revenue with
which to pay them ? Not at all. There is no
pretense of that kind. Will you issue your
bonds and thus increase the permanent funded
debt of this country in order to heal this ques-
tion of the distribution of circulation? Will
you contract your currency now at a time after
we have contracted the currency of this coun-
try two or three hundred million dollars?
Will you now by an arbitrary rule contract the
greenback currency of the country in order to
produce this equality of distribution? What
kind of bonds will you issue? What rate of
interest will you pay ? Willyou tax the bonds ?
The proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts brings into this debate all these diffi-
cult questions—questions that I pressed last
winter upon the Senate time and time again,
and utterly failed to secure the attention of
the Senate because there was a disposition
everywhere to crowd the matter over. The
Senate did not want to consider and decide
these questions ; and yet it is now proposed to
bring them all up and attach them as an amend-
ment to this bill. . Here is a proposition to
withdraw greenbacks and issue more bonds
withoutgiving any authority to issue the bonds,
without declaring the kind of bonds, without
fixing any of the details that are necessary.
Such a proposition is only one of those riders
very commonly attempted to be put on a bill
as a means of defeating it.
I Now, I come back to the question of the
j Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer.]
I Heasksme.is it right and fair to withdraw from
' Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island
a portion of circulation that they have more
than their sister States? I say it is right. They
are now, on account of the peculiar circum-
stance that surrounded them during the war,
enjoying a legal privilege under an act of Con-
gress that is denied to the southern and the
western States. They have a circulation out
of proportion to their population, out of pro-
portion to their business and their resources—
a circulation that is a source of profit not only
to individuals but to States.
Now, my friend from Rhode Island and my
friend from Massachusetts say that this is no
advantage to the South ; that if these banks
were to move down South it would not do them
any good. If it would do them no great good
it would contribute by taxation to help pay the
expenses of the southern States, and we know
very well that local banks are a great facility
to the districts where they are located. It
would be impossible to locate any one of the
New England banks in a southern city without
contributing largely to the local advantage of
that city by the amount of business and the
amount of facility it would afford, and con-
tributing also to the State in taxes and busi-
ness facilities. But if it is of so little advan-
tage to the Soutli to have the ber.efit of these
banks, what is the objection to allowing them
to go there? There can be none whatever.
It seems tome that it is right—to respond to
the question put to me—it is fair, it is just to
withdraw circulation from the States thathav.;
an excess ; and I assure my friend from Mas-
sachusetts that if Ohio was in the same pre-
dicament, or if by any fair and just rule of
withdrawing bink circulation a portion of it
might be withdrawn from the State «f Ohio. I
would vote for it with great pleasure, because
it is not for the interest of any State in this
Republic to enjoy the advantage in legal priv-
ileges over any other State. If its industry is
superior, if its climate is better, if its soil is
richer, that is tne gift of God ; but- no State
has a right to enjoy a privilege by law which
is not conferred upon another, and no Statu
and no individual in a State has a ri^ht to
enjoy any privilege conferred by law that is
not fairly and equally shared by every other
citizen and every other State. It, is because
the New England States in this distribution
of banking currency have tliet advantage, that
it is right, it is just, and it is proper to make a
partial redistribution. I do not wish to dis-
turb the business relations of those States. I
think it would be wrong to do it, and I have
frequently hero in the Senate and privately
among Senators begged them not to make this
withdrawal more than is absolutely necessary
to secure some reasonable banking facilities
j in the South. I should dislike very much in-
| deed to see the amount, of withdrawal so large
i as to impair or derange the business of this
I section, because I know that our country is so
interlinked and bound together that everything
that affects the interests of New England will
affect the interests of the South. I would only
propose this as a temporary measure to meet
a temporary exigency until we can have the
resumption of specie payments and provide a
free banking system.
But pending the present anomalous state
of affairs we are bound at least to render rea-
sonable facilities in the S.ut.li by some kind of
bank circulation. If it is proposed to go back
to specie payments, that cannot, be done in a
day or a month or a year. I am as willing to
adopt measures looking to that end as any
Senator ; and when we lesume specie payments
1 that will settle all these questions; but while
j we are going back it is but fair and right that
| this accidental advantage in the distribution
i of the banking capital should be remedied to
! a reasonable extent. Anil here allow me to
j state how all this difficulty occurred. Itgiew
i out of a violation of law by an oflicer of the
I Government—in my judgment without any
justification whatever.
Under the original banking act the banking
capital was distributed in precisely the mode
provided for by this bill, one half according
