THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
to jiopulation and the other half according to
business and resources. By a provision in an
act passed in July, 1864, upon the motion of
Judge Harris, then a Senator from the State
of New York, the State banks- were allowed
the privilege of going into the national banking
system without regard to the limitation of
$300,000,000. That was found to operate
badly and to create an unfair apportionment;
and therefore, by a fair and well considered
provision of a loan law, the old provision of
redistribution was inserted again. By an act
passed the 3d of March, 1865, the old provision
requiring a distribution of one half according
to population aud the other half according to
business and resources was ingrafted upon the
law of the land. But on the same day another
law was passed, whieh contained in the form
of an amendment a proposition moved by my
friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Akthosty,]
that in the establishment of national banks
preference should be given to the old banks.
The plain and obvious meaning of that is .the
meaning that was suggested a moment ago by
the Senator from Maine: thatitdidnotinerease
the amount to be allotted to a particular State,
but only provided that in the distribution of
that allotted share the old banks should have
the benefit over any new banks. That was the
meaning of the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island ; but the Comptroller of the
Currency looked upon that second clause in-
serted as an amendment to an appropriation
bill as a repeal of the general provision of the
loan law of March 3,1865, and still continued
to go on giving circulation to the old banks
without regard to any restraint or limitation
on bank circulation, and in this way the in-
equality was produced. I noticed it afterward
during the recess, and promptly at the begin-
ning of the next session tried to correct it;
but it was too late. The old banks had gone
into the system, and the banking circulation
of Rhode Island, which before the war was
only $3,000,000, leaped Up to $12,000,000. So
with all these States.
This was an advantage which it derived under
the law as it was construed by the Comptroller
of the Currency. It was an advantage that
from that time to this has been a standing
subject of complaint; not only of political com-
plaint, but of sectional controversy. I say now
that for the Senate to refuse to give to those
States that have no banking circulation what-
ever some benefit of the banking law, while
other States have nearly the whole of it, would
be an aet of injustice that I am sure my friend
from Massachusetts would not commit.
I ought to say that, so far as I am concerned,
this act does not affect my constituents in the
least. Although the State of Ohio has some-
what less.than its fair proportion of banking
circulation, I do not know that there is any
application, certainly none that I would heed,
from that State for more circulation. This
bill will not either take from or add to our cir-
culation. I therefore feel that in pressing this
act of partial justice, even though it may be
an inconvenience to our friends in the New
England States, we are doing what is right and
proper, and that we should not in doing it
open up the question of the increase of the
banking circulation in any way whatever. I
never would vole with my present convictions [
for the increase of tho circulation of the na- I
tional banks one single dollar until we get, '
back to specie payments, and then, in my !
judgment, the amount now outstanding is !
amply sufficient for all the purposes of this !
country. 1 believe the amount of banking cir-
culation now under the national banking law
will be amply sufficient when we restore specie
payments to carry on the operations of the coun-
try. Before the war the whole bank circulation
was $108,000,000 ; now it is §300,000,000, and
certainly I would vote for no proposition to in-
crease in any form the paper money, either
greenbacks or national bank notes, until we get
back to the standard of gold and silver coin.
The proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. [Mr. Wilson,3 if it should be at-
tached to this bill, would defeat the bill, because
he knows that a proposition to increase the
national bank notes and decrease the green-
backs will not meet the sanction of Congress.
The only effect of that proposition would be
to add to our national burdens the interest on
$50,000,000 of new bonds, merely to secure a
redistribution of banking circulation, while, if
the bill reported by the Committee on Finance,
which has been carefully considered, is passed,
the effect will be to give to the South and a
few of the new States of the West in the next
year an opportunity to get a little banking cir-
culation, and give to banks in the old States
an opportunity to move themseves bodily to
the South, and this will answer a political and
a sectional complaint that is founded in sub-
stantial justice.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am un-
willing to be pushed by the Seuatorfrom Ohio
into the position of seeming in any way to deny
facilities to the States lately in rebellion. I
join him in all the desire and determination
whieh he expresses. I am not behind him in
that respect. Biit I beseech that Senator in his
earnestness to supply facilities in that quarter
not to do injustice in another; and there is the
practical question on which you are to vote.
Allow me to remind the Senator that the very
recital he has made to-day of the legislation
under which the New England States have
embarked so largely in the national banking
system furnishes an argument against the prop-
osition. I ask the Senator whether under that
legislation these States have not already a
vested right in the allowance that has been
made to them. They have embarked on the
faith of your promise. It is a pecuniary prom-
ise. They have entered into this banking sys-
tem to a large extent under the shelter of your
statutes. There is in the Constitution of the
United States a provision against impairing
the obligation of contracts. That is binding,
I know, on the States, and not on the nation;
but still I submit that whether binding as a
constitutional inhibition on the nation or not
it is binding as a moral inhibition. I submit,
therefore, to the Senate that at this moment
these banking interests in the three New Eng-
land States which it is proposed to strike at
are under the protection of vested rights. You
may have the power to strike at them, but you
have not the right to do it. You may mulct
Massachusetts and Connecticut and Rhode
Island in millions of money; but you have no
right to do it. All these investments have
been made under the sanction of your own
laws, and I now place them under that pro-
tection.
The Senator from Ohio speaks of an excess
which he says is in Massachusetts. Why call
it " an excess 1" To be sure Massachusetts
has a larger proportion of this banking capital
than other Stales have, but she inherited it
naturally. It comes to her from her condition
before the war. She had a larger number of
banks before the war in proportion to her
population than any other part of the country ;
and on your invitation all that banking capital
was transferred to your interest; it became
national instead of State. That is the reason
why she has what the Senator from Ohio by a
mistaken term calls " au excess." She has
no excess in any just sense. She has nothing
that she is not entitled to under your statutes.
Why then call it an excess? It may be an
excess simply in this respect, that it is larger
in proportion than other States ; but it is not
an excess, inasmuch it is founded in a bank-
ing capital which existed anterior to the war,
a banking capital which you invited to come
into the public service and made national.
'That is my answer to the Senator from Ohio.
He said that if his State were in the same pre-
dicament he would cheerfully yield this bank-
ing capital, and he remarked that a State might
profit from its climate, from its lands, and from
its productive soil. All of these things we
know belong to Ohio ; they do not belong to
Massachusetts. Massachusetts has no wealth
of lands, nothing from her climate that yields
an increase. All that she has comes from the
industry of her sons; and that industry the
Senator from Ohio proposes now—I will not
say to blast, but to impair, by a proposition
which diminishes those business facilities on
which it relies. Sir, I object to his proposi-
tion; the more it is discussed the more unjust
it appears; and I turn back again to the prop-
osition of my colleague, which seems to dis-
turb the Senator from Ohio so much.
He objects to awakening the question in
this Chamber of funding the greenbacks. Sir,
not many weeks ago he made no such ob-
jection ; he was willing to fund greenbacks
then iu ten-forties. He discussed it on this
floor; he sought to bring it about. I joined
with him ; I was in favor of his proposition,
and I gave to it such support as 1 could ; but
I did not expect that the Senator only a few
weeks later, in order to do injustice to other
States, would say that wccannot entertain the
question of funding greenbacks in ten-fortie3.
If we could entertain the question of funding
greenbacks in ten-forties two shortmonths ago,
1 wish my friend from Ohio would enlighten
the Senate on the circumstances which have
made what was then so proper now absolutely
improper.
Sir, the Senator from Ohio is mistakenin his
position. He seeks to sustain what is inequit-
able, aud in support of it he is naturally driven
to what is unreasonable. I hope that the Sen-
ator will reconsider his position. If it were in
or.der I should like to move a recommitment
of this whole bill to the Committee on Finance,
with a view to the working out of some practi-
cal method of meeting the exigencies of the
southern States without detriment to the eastern
States.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President  
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator yield
for a motion to go into executive session?
Mr. SAWYER. I shall not occupy overlive
minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. We cannot get a vote
to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. We ought to have an exec-
utive session.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from South
Carolina yielding the floor, I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 25,1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SYMPATHY WITH THE PEOPLE OF CUBA.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 49) of sympathy
with the people of the Island of Cuba ; which
was read a first and second time, recommitted
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution is as follows :
Resolved, &c„ That the people of the UnitedStates
hereby declare their sympathy with the people of the
Island of Cuba in their patriotic efforts to secure their
independenee and to establish a republican form ot
government guarantj'ing the personal liberty and
the equal political rights of all tho people, and that
Congress will give its constitutional support to the
President of the United States whenever he may
deem it expedient to rccognize the independence and
sovereignty of sueh republican government.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the jointresolution was recommitted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN STEAMSHIP LINE.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 257) to amend an aet
entitled "An act to provide for an American
