1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
line of mail and immigrant passenger steam-
ships between New York and one or more Euro-
pean ports," approved .July 27, 1868; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
protection op actual settlers.
Mr. POMEROY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 258) to protect the
rights of actual settlers on the public domain ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT I«'OR 186S.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing,
together with a communication from the Com-
missioner of Agriculture in relation to the
Agricultural Report for 1868 :
I'esolvecl, That the Committee on Printing be,
and are hereby, directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of printing one hundred and eighty thousand
copies of the Agricultural lleport for tho year 1868
for tho use of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and twenty-live thousand additional
copies for the use of the Commissioner of'Agriculture,
and to report accordingly at the earliest possible day.
message j'rom this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokiiam,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 3) to repeal an act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,
with an amendment; in which he was directed
to a^k the concurrence of the House.
john 31. broome and others.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution for the
relief of John M. Broome and others, the band
of the twelfth Kentucky infantry, for the pur-
pose of putting it upon its passage ; and 1 ask
unanimous consent that I may have two min-
utes to explain it.
There was no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. This is a joint res-
olution for the relief of twelve soldiers who
served, as I understand, from the beginning to
very nearly the end of the war, and who by no
fault of their own have been cut out of eight
month's pay for services rendered to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. This subject
was before the Committee of Claims of the
last Congress and was thoroughly examined
by that committee, and a bill was reported and
passed this House to pay these soldiers the
amount honestly duo them, but for want of time
it was not reached in the Senate, and hence it
failed to become a law. During the Fortieth
Congress the same bill precisely was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs in the Sen-
ate and was there thoroughly examined. It
passed the Senate, and came to the House and
went to the Speaker's table, but we were not
able to reach it up to the time when the For-
tieth Congress expired. These men have been
kept out of their just dues for more than six
years.
As I have remarked, this whole question has
been thoroughly examined both in the Senate
and in the House, and I hope there will be no
objection to the passageof this joint resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Then
I would suggest that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Very well; T sup-
pose I can do no better.
Accordingly the joint resolution (H. R. No.
50) for die relief of John M. Broome and
others, the band of' the twelfth Kentucky in-
fantry, was received, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
lanman's dictionary 01' congress.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consider-
ation at this time:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House he directed
to purchase two thousand copies of the latest edition
ofLanman'sDictionaryof Congress, for the usoot the
members of this House, provided the same shall in-
clude a record of the Forty-First Congress, and that
the cost per copy shall not exceed tho price hitherto
paid by the Senate.
Mr. SCOFIELD and others objected.
personal explanation.
Mr. DAWES. I ask a few minutes for a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. MUNGEN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Mongen,] as a favor, to make no
objection to my taking a few minutes' time for
a personal explanation. I have been yielding
the lloor to all who requested it of me.
Mr. MUNGEN. I think the gentleman has
exhibited more courtesy than others have, and
I will withdraw my call for the regular order.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. H. H. lieath, secretary
of the Territory of New Mexico, complains
that I have done him a grievous wrong upon the
floor of this House, and calls upon me for rep-
aration. It is proper, therefore, that where
the wrong, if any, has been done, I should
extend to him that justice which he demands
and which he deserves.
During the investigation of the contested-
election case from New Mexico by the Com-
mittee of Elections of the last House I was
informed at the War Department that there
was found in the rebel archives a letter from a
gentleman who appeared as a witness in that
case. At my request the Department fur-
nished me with an attested copy of that letter,
which 1 now send to the Clerk's desk and ask
to have read.
Tho Clerk read as follows :
Adjutant Ckneral's OfI'ICK.
Washington, June 12,1868.
Sin: The Secretary of War directs mo to furnish
you the inclosed copy of a letter, signed 11.11. Heath,
and dated at Dubuque, Iowa, April 9, 1801, in com-
pliance with your request of this date.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ii. I). i'OWNSl'lNl),
AK.tistant Ailjutant General.
Hon. U. L. Dawks,
Chairman Committee of JJiwtiow.
Dubuquk, Iowa, April 9,1801.
My Dear Snt: I for the first time this,morning
learn from the papers that you arc in position in the
now confederacy. Accept, my doar sir, my congrat-
ulations, not more for your accession to honorable
position than your felicity in having a home m a
region where honor and prinuplo go band in hand
and fanaticism and madness aro thrust out. 1, too.
would have been there, where my heart ever is, had
your president responded as promptly to me as my
Pi offer of service was tendered to tho new provern-
ment. But 1 have not heard from bun on the sub-
ject, thuu;;h 1 do not yet despair of doing so in Ins
own good time. 1 simply offered my military oi civil
services to limi, m both oi which branches L have
had some experience. You may not be aware that I
was the iir,-t publisher ot the lirst paper ever started
noittiof the Potomac expressly to defend southern
rights. J mean the Southern 1'ress, in Washington,
in 1819 or 18S0—the latter year 1 think. Since then 1
have been ever faithful to tho interests of that sec-
tion, and although a not thorn man by birth I have
never been anything but southern in my feelings.
X need not attest to you the course pursued by me
dining tho Lccoraptoil struggle as editor ot the
Northwest, nor eiLherhow I supported southern men
and northern, too, who supported them. In doing
so, it is true 1 lost ail I had in tho world, and the
post office here for three years, and from which I
have been ejeeted as one of tho first sacrifices to Re-
publicanism, has only served to aid me in liquidating
a poition of the indebtedness contracted during the
exciting period of the first halt of Mr. Buchanan s
administration. If I were foot-free here, had 1 the
means, in other words, to support myself and wifcfor
one year South, i would not remain out of the south-
ern coniederacy one day longer than would sullice to
take nie thither. As it is, however, I dare not with
a wile in delicate health leave hero upon an uncer-
tainty. I shall bo one of your lollow-eitixcns again,
however, if I am spared; and until then (jod prosper
the southern coniederacy. Oui Episcopal liturgy
you know has & pray or lor tho President 01 tho_ I j nited
States. Jso inan assuredly needs prayers said over
him more than Mr. Lincoln, and so I respond amen;
but while tho rector is lepcatmgin the prayer_ the
President of the United States," I am hastily inter-
polating 44 also tho president of the coniederute
Statesso that you see our Mend, President
is not quite forgotten before the lather even in tho,
ultra iNorth. „ . , rri
There are all sorts of ruraors of war justnow. lue
New York Tribune and Times have at last I appre-
hend goaded the new President on to a policy that
must lead to a collision. Let it come, if so it must.
There are tens ot thousands of loyal heartb at the
North who never will accede to coercion, and not
only so, they nover will pull a trigger against the
South. Before I would march against my brethren
of the South I would suffer myself to be hanged on
the lirst tree before the eyes of my own wife. Indeed,
there are many Republicans who declare the a' ab-
horrence of tho policy of secession, aod I think the
sentiment is on the increase, particularly in the
Northwest, the interests of which are so entirely
linked with the South, But whilo old Abegrants tho
lion's share of tho spoils to the Northwest he lends
his ear to tho troachcrous advice of Now JSngland s
fanatics, and will through them probably drive tho
two nations into war. God grant that in any event
your government may maintain itself, now that it
has undertaken to do so upon her own account, as
against all foes from whatsoever quarter they may
come. Do me tho favor to bhow this already too
lengthy epistle to my friond Colonel Clement; and,
wishing you every prosperity, _
I remain, very truly, as ever, your friend,
11. II. HEATH.
P. S. It would give me great pleasure to hear from
you at your convenience.
u. St. geougkofkurrr,esq., Montgomery, Alabama.
Adjutant Gkxerai/s Officr,(
W A-SiiiNUTON, Jane 12, 1808.
Official copy of a letter on the files of the War
Department. E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. DAWES. I made no use of that letter
myself in the discussiou of the New Mexico
contested-election case. But in the few re-
marks I liad occasion to offer I dwejt upon the
suspicious character of certain election returns
forwarded from the office of tho secretary of
the Territory of New Mexico. While so dis-
cussing it a question was put to me by the sit-
ting member, my answer to which is that about
which Mr. Heath now makes his complaint.
I ask the Clerk to read the question put to mo
and the answer which I made.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Mr. Clever. I ask tho gentleman whether.tlieso
poll-books were not in tho possession of II. II. Heath,
secretary of tho Territory, who was witness, attor-
ney, and everything olso in this ease; it the poll-
book did not como ritclit through his hands into the
hands of tho committee ? _ Ho that if any lorgery was
committed is not the suspicion just as strong against
him as anybody else?
" Mr. Ducks. Very true, Secretary Heath may
have had access to thoso papers. They were sent by
law to the Government, and 1 liavo no doubt he had
access to them. But I did not rely upon tho testi-
mony of Mr. Heath after it came to my knowledge
that ho had addressed a letter to tho southern con-
federacy in 1801. Indeed, bis testimony had passed
out of my mind until reproduced here, out 1 could
not give any credencc to tho testimony oi a man wlio
from a northern Stato hadtondered his services to
tho southern confederacy in tho manner that man
did." s * * * "Uponthem.withoutre-
gard to the testimony of this man IleatU, I base luy
decision."
Mr. DAWES. The complaint against mo
is that I failed, after having read that letter,
to liave further conlidence in the testimony of
this man. He says, however, in reference to
the letter just read, in another letter to me,
which contains a great deal of abusive lan-
guage toward me, which I will not read:
"Ho far as tho letter read by Mr. Clever in his
speech on that occasion, said to have been written
by nie, o lie ring my sorvices to the confederacy, is
concerned, I long since pronounced it, a fraud and a
forscry. I so pronounce it to you and to all men.
Now, he is entitled to the benefit ol that
declaration, and I put it upon record here,
with the further statement that when I called
for the original letter I examined it and com-
pared it with official documents in possession
of the Committee of Elections written by this
man Heath. I was then of opinion that it was
a genuine letter. The officials at the War
Department, having custody of that letter,
were also of that opinion.
1 have examined that letter again this morn-
ing ; and although the letter I received from
Mr. Ileath yesterday did not afford me the
means of a comparison of the handwriting,
because the body of the letter is in a diflerent
hand Wilting from the signature, yet a fncud of
liis has furnished to me a letterwhieh was writ-
ten by Mr. Heath two days before, and which
I now have in my hand. Having compared
these two letters 1 am of the opinion—indeed
I entertain no doubt—that both were written
by the same hand. I do not see how any other
man than Mr. Heath can entertain the slight-
est doubt of this. I invite any gentleman who
may think I have done injustice to Mr. lieath
to consult the rebel archives and pass upon
the matter for himself by a comparison ol tho
letters.
