2-78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Sir, the complaint against me is solely that
I was enable to believe a man who, coming
from a northerrt State, would tender his ser-
vices to the southern confederacy in the man-
ner and on the terms that services are tendered
in the letter which has been read. Men are
constituted differently. I do not know but
there are those whose confidence in this man
would not be impaired by such a letter. Bat
! am not ashamed to say that I can have no
confidence in a man who would thirs from a
northern State tender his services to the cause
i>t the rebellion; nor is my confidence strength-
ened by the attempt on the part of Mr. Heath
i:> the letter which I have before me to make
me believe that the letter of the 8th of April,
1801, is a forgery and did not emanate from
his own hand.
Mr. MUNGEN. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman, to
whose kindness I am indebted for the privilege
of making this explanation.
Mr. MUNGEN. I wish simply to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether this
Mr. Heath, of whom he has been speaking,
did not serve through nearly the whole war
under the Federal flag? If lam not mistaken
he did.
Mr. DAWES. I have some information of
that kind. Indeed Mr. Heath himself in his
letter speaks of his services to the Union. Of
this 1 have nothing to say. I am simply doing
him here upon this floor that justice which he
demands at my hands, and I am stating how
my confidence in him has been affected by the
reading of that letter now in the rebel archives,
and the attempt on his part to pass it off as a
forgery. Beyond that I have no controversy
with Mr. Heath. I never saw him ; he is an
entire stranger to me.
I ought to add that the letter in the rebel
archives incloses Mr. Heath's business card ;
and the letter bears date at his residence, as
does the business card. There is, it seems to
me, perfect evidence to satisfy everybody ex-
cept Mr. Heath that the letter is a genuine
document.
Mr. ALLISON. I only desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, inasmuch as the letter in controversy
purports to have been written from the city in
which I reside, that this gentleman, Mr. Heath,
enlisted in the Union Army in, I think, June,
1801; served in it, I believe, for three years,
and to my own knowledge was wounded in the
service. I desire to give Mr. Heath the ben-
efit of this statement in connection with the
statement of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have within
the last two minutes been informed by a gen-
tleman here that Mr. Heath was dishonorably
dismissed by the order of a court-martial from
the command of which my informant had
charge. _ I want Mr. Heath to have the bene-
fit of this statement also. [Laughter.]
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
make a single statement in response to the
last remark of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I am not a party to this controversy. I
know General Heath very well, as he resided
for some time in my district, and edited a
Republican paper in my own town. I do not
pretend to dispute the genuiness of the letter
which has been read, because I do not know
anything about that matter; but. as to his being
dismissed from the service, I believe the fact
is that he was afterward, upon reinvestigation,
restored. I believe this is the last record in
regard to the matter.
okder of business.
Mr. MUNGEN. I demand the rpgular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 147)
to provide for the organization of a provisional
government for the State of Mississippi. On
this bill the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WARD. I desire to suggest that my
colLeague [Mr. Wood] give way that we may
have a morning hour. I presume be will still
be entitled to the floor whenever this bill shall
come up.
The SPEAKER. This bill comes before
the House as the unfinished business of yes-
terday, and has precedence, but the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] who is entitled
tfo the floor, may make a motion to postpone
it till after the morning hour, or he may yield
to allow that motion to be made, and, if it is
carried, he will be entitled to the floor when
the bill is resumed after the morning hour.
Mr. WOOD. I yield to my colleague to
make that motion.
Mr. WARD. I move that it be postponed
till after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
tourteentii amendment or constitution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a bill to en-
force the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, and to
restore the State of Georgia to the republican
government elected under its new constitution,
for the purpose of having it referred to the
Committee on Reconstruction and printed.
Mr. WOODWARD. I object.
vessels impressed into service.
The SPEAKER. The regular order during
the morning hour is the call of the committees
for reports, commencing where the call last
rested, with the Committee on Revision of Laws
of the United States.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by that
committee to report back the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 4) relative to steamboats and other
vessels owned in the loyal States.
The joint resolution was reported. It pro-
vides that the act of February 19, 1867, enti-
tled "An act to declare the sense of an act
entitled 'An act to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims,' " &c., shall not apply
to nor be construed to debar the settlement of
claims for steamboats or other vessels taken
or impressed into the military servicc of the
United States during the late war in States or
parts of States declared in insurrection ; pro-
vided that the claimants were loyal at the time
their claims originated, and remained loyal
thereafter and were residents of loyal States,
and such steamboats or other vessels were in
the! insurrectionary districts by proper author-
ity, namely, charter, contract, or in conform-
ity with rules and regulations established by
the Secretary of the Treasury and approved
by the President of the United States.
Mr. POLAND. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I would
like to hear some explanation of this resolu-
ion from the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. POLAND. By the act of 1864 the Court
of Claims were prohibited from allowing any
claims that accrued in the rebel States during
the war. By an act passed in 1807, giving con-
struction to that act, it would seem that the
Departments were prohibited from doing the
same thing, although there is a conflict of opin-
ion between the Attorney General and the
Comptrollers in relation to what that means.
But there was a class of cases that grew up of
this sort: during the war the Government
would hire a steamboat at St. Louis or Cincin-
nati to carry troops with supplies down to Mem-
phis or New Orleans, and when it had dis-
charged its cargo and the Government needed
the boat for its Army transportation it im-
pressed it into the sei-viee. The Attorney
General gave an opinion that this act of 1867
covered that class of cases, and although the
boat was taken down by the Government itself
under a contract into the rebel States and there
impressed into the service, there was no rem-
edy whatever against the Government if the
boat was lost or destroyed without fault of the
ewner. This joint resolution applies to that
class of eases and cases of another class.
The Government, after New Orleans was
taken and it had got possession of the lower
Mississippi, was in the habit of granting licenses
to owners of boats to go down with cargoes,
and in some instances of that sort, after the
boats had arrived at New Orleans and dis-
charged their cargoes, the Government im-
pressed the boats into the service for transport-
ation. In both these class of cases the Attor-
ney General gave an opinion that although the
Government had employed and paid for the
use of the vessels, if they were captured or
destroyed there could be no remedy in the
Court of Claims or in the Departments. The
Second Comptroller gave an opinion directly
opposite to that of the Attorney General, and
I think that the weight of argument is cer-
tainly on his side ; but the Attorney General
is the superior law officer, and therefore they
have been governed by his decision. The pur-
pose and object of the law of 1864 and of the
law of 1867 was to compel southern claimants,
men in southern States whose property had
been taken, to come to Congress. This applies
only to cases of northern property owned by
northern men that was taken from loyal States
and sent down into the South, either taken by
officers of the Government or that went down
there by distinct permission from the Govern-
ment and was impressed into the service of
the Government,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Do I
understand the gentleman to say that the joint
resolution does not extend the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims ?
Mr. POLAND. It gives no jurisdiction to
the Court of Claims whatever.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It au-
thorizes the Department officers to settle these
claims ?
Mr. POLAND. It removes the restriction
of the laws of 1804 and 1807 prohibiting the
allowance of any claim that originated in a
State in insurrection. It takes away that re-
striction so far as it applies to steamboats
or other vessels that were owned by parties
living in loyal States and were taken down into
rebel States either by the Government itself
or went down there by direct authority from
the Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. And if,
leaves the settlement to the Department?
Mr. POLAND. It leaves it in the Depart
munt.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont whetherlie can give the
House any information as to the extent of
claims which this joint resolution will open
up against the Government? It seems to me
that the joint resolution is a Tittle too broad.
It opens up claims which the Government ought,
not to pay. If I understand it, it proposes
that when a boat had gone South under acon-
tract with the Government and had been paid
for the risk of going South the owners may
claim compensation l'or the boat if it was de-
stroyed. It seems to me to open up a class of
claims that the Government ought not to be
required to pay.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is well
known that all that class of. claimants were
enormously paid during the war, and I hope
we shall not pass this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from Vermont will allow me a moment.
Mr. POLAND. I want to answer the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] first in re-
lation to the amount of these claims. I was
aware that whether we ought to pay a just
claim or not depends veiy much on how much
it is, and therefore I took the precaution to
ascertain from the Department how many of
these claims there were and the amount of the
whole. The whole amount of claims of this
character—whether upon a hearing they will
turn out to be just claims or not I do not
know—but the whole amount of claims in the
Department of this character is between three
and four hundred thousand dollars. Now, to
the other part of the gentleman's inquiry. He
says that ifthe owners of these boats contracted
