THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
us to "make any proposition or to advance any
opinions that meet with response from gentle-
men upon the other side. However irresistible
may be the facts we present, or however strong
the arguments by which we enforce our posi-
tions, I regret to say that it is very seldom, if
ever, that we arc enabled to make the slightest
impression upon gentlemen who are here appa-
rently for no other purpose than to oppose every-
thing that we favor. I do not say this upon the
supposition that it is possible for me to do this
subject justice or to advance any opinions and
views other than were advanced so ably yester-
day by my colleague upon the Committee on
Reconstruction, [Mr. Beok,] who indeed ex-
hausted this whole question. But I have rather
made these remarks for the purpose of saying
how embarrassed we always are when we risn
here to discuss any proposition, knowing that
it is a useless discussion, and that whatever
fruits may be produced elsewhere, so far as this
House ia concerned it falls still-born upon
gentlemen on the other side. But, sir, I speak
from a sense of duty, and not because I suppose
I can accomplish any result so far as the vote
upon this bill may be concerned. I feel com-
pelled to rise here and enter my protest against
this bill, and to back that protest with such facts
and such arguments as my limited capacity and
knowledge of the question may enable me to
present.
I do not know what the original design of
the reconstruction acts of Congress was. It is
not for me to say what the object was that Con-
gress had or that individual members of the
dominant party had when they originally passed
the act of March 2, 1887. It may have been
for the purpose of establishing a permanent
change of institutions in the southern States ;
it may have been for the purpose of vindictive
persecution of the southern people, or it may
have been for the purpose of obtaining parti-
san control often States of this Union, that
that control might be used for the establish-
ment of a permanent political power by which
l he dominant party in the control of this Gov-
ernment might perpetuate its existence even
againstan overwhelming majority of the Amer-
ican people. I do not pretend to say what the
motives were. It is the easiest thing in the
world for men to impugn each other's motives.
I will not resort to that method of discussion
upon this question. I can only say that whatever
the motives were the reconstruction laws, six
or seven in number, commencing on March 2,
1867, and running down through all the inter-
vening period to the present hour, are the law
of the land. Those of us who have voted
againsi. them and opposed them have no re-
course except to recognize them as such. We
do recognize them as such, and so for as my
voice can reach the southern people I say to
them ; resist not at all; these are laws upon
your statute-book; you are now members of
this great Confederacy; you must conform te
the necessities of the case, and as far as you
can to the prevailing sentiment of the times,
so that your lives and your property and your
material interests may be protected and your ]
great agricultural resources may be developed, i
I wish it distinctly understood that so far as 1
I am personally concerned T make no oppo-
sition to the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress. I recognize them fully; and am in
favor of carrying them out in good faith, earn-
estly and entirely.
Sir, what we want is peace ; what we want
is union—union in reality as well as in terms.
What we want is that the whole American
people may be restored once more to one com-
mon Government; that the South as well as
the North, the Bast as well as the West, may
be brought together in concord and in accord
with the institutions of the country, with like
laws and like protection under those laws;
that the system of self-government may be
recognized and practiced in all the southern
States; that they may be allowed to elect their
own rulers, to make their own laws, and to
select their own agents for the control of their
own public affairs. This is my position.
The General Government has assumed the
authority. I will not now deny that authority,
although my views and votes are on record
against those acts as in contravention of the
Constitution, and as hostile to the best interests
of the country. But inasmuch as the Federal
Government has stepped in and assumed the
right to make laws to govern these- States, I hold
that it is our duty to exercise that power with
humanity, with wisdom, with care, and for the
benefit of ourselves as well as for these people.
There should be no malignity, vindictiveness,
or persecution.
Now, sir, will this measure have that tend-
ency? Will the bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction for the organization
of what is termed a provisional government
for the State of Mississippi accomplish such a
purpose ? Is it designed for any such purpose ?
And if so designed, will it effect it? Is it a
wise measure ? Is it a patriotic measure ? Is
it consistent with the existing laws of Con-
gress with reference to reconstruction ? These
are proper questions for this House to consider,
and it is to these questions that I desire to
address myself.
It is probably right that I should briefly state
the position of this subject, for all may not be
familiar with many things pertaining to this
question so far as the State of Mississippi is
concerned. It will be recollected that there
are seven of the southern States already "re-
constructed." There are three States yet to be
received into the Union, Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas. This is the first bill presented to
us in reference to the State of Mississippi.
But there has been passed by Congress another
act upon the subject.
The act of the 28d of March, 1867, provided
that the general in command of the depart-
ment in which Mississippi is situated should
order an election for delegates to a conven-
tion to frame a constitution for Mississippi, the
people at the same election to pass upon the
question whether there should be a convention
at all. in the month of November of that
year this election was held, and a majority of
the registered voters of the State, as required
by the act of Congress, determined upon a
convention. That convention, consisting of
about one hundred members, assembled, and,
after being in session over four months, de-
termined upon a form of constitution. That
constitution was submitted to the people, and
they rejected it by a majority of between six
and seven thousand. So the matter now stands.
The men who controlled the action of that
convention, and who were to be benefited by
the constitution which it had framed, and who
were elected to offices at the time the consti-
tution was submitted to the people, have come
here for relief. They ask that Congress shall
revive this defunct body and give them extraor-
dinary powers not conferred upon them by
the former act of Congress. And the result
of that application to members of this House
of the dominant party has been the report of
this bill from the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. That is the position of the question as
it now stands.
We are to consider first, whether we shall
revive the convention, it being now functus
officio; secondly, whether in reviving the con-
vention we shall give it large powers in addi-
tion to those originally conferred upon it; and
thirdly, whether we shall do that which this
bill provides for, give them permanent posses-
sion of the State of Mississippi, as against the
popular vote, for a whole generation to come.
These are the three questions which are pre-
sented by the bill now before the- House for
consideration.
First, shall we revive this convention ? In
determining this question it is right to look at
the composition and character of the conven-
tion. Fortunately, we are not in the dark on
this subject. Its works are before us. That
body was in existence over four months. It
not only made a constitution, but it did a great
many other things. _ When we are asked to
resuscitate, to rehabilitate, to bring into exist-
ence anew a defunct body, it is legitimate and
proper that we should know upon what claim
that revival is predicated.
The first thing the convention did—and my
authority is the commanding general of the
district—was to vote the members extraor-
dinary pay individually. The next thing they
did was to allow their own members to pur-
chase stationery at New Orleans, bringit to the
place where the convention was sitting, and
charge it to the convention at double the price
that was paid for it. The next thing they did
was to appoint throughout the whole State, in
every county and in every precinct, their own
peculiar agents as tax-gatherers to levy exor-
bitant taxes upon the people. They appointed
their own tools and instruments to collect those
taxes without requiring them to give any bonds
or security for the faithful payment of the
money to the public treasury. The constitu-
tion adopted was even a greater outrage. Its
provisions were in direct hostility to all the
interests of the people. To enumerate their
defects would occupy all the time allotted to
me in this debate. It is enough to say it was
indignantly rejected by the people, as it should
have been. Indeed, all their acts were of a
character that in my judgment, so far from
giving them the powers which this bill pro-
poses to give them, they ought to be made
secure in some asylum where they could not
again depredate upon the private property of
individuals. Instead of being intrusted with
public property and public interests, some of
them should be remanded to the States from
which they fled to avoid the penalties of their
crimes.
At the election at which the members were
chosen there were registered 139,327 voters;
yet only 76,016 votes were polled, and of those
76,010, 05,000 were the votes of negroes. A
very large majority of the remainder were per-
sons unknown to the residents of Mississippi;
they were strangers who had not lived there
twelve months. I challenge contradiction of
my statement. Why was this? When this
election was held the people of Mississippi
were prostrated; they were oppressed; they
were in a state of almost absolute starvation.
All their industries were paralyzed. The peo-
ple were stupified at the audacity of Congress.
They could not suddenly conform to a new
social and political organization which made
their former slaves and servants their poiitical
superiors and their social equals. They ab-
stained from participation in that election.
They would not, under such circumstances,
go to the polls to vote. Besides, they knew
that the work of this convention, the constitu-
tion which it might frame, must be submitted
to the people. They thought that if that assem-
blage should abuse its trust they could veto at
the polls its action ; that then they could vote
down the proposed constitution, as they did.
The vote upon the ratification of the constitu-
tion was over 120,000, almost two to ono
compared with that east upon the election of
delegates. The constitution was defeated by
a majority of between 6,000 and 7,000.
It is unquestionably true that the better class
of people, those representing the property and
the cultivation of the State, abstained entirely
from any participation in the election held for
delegates. Unfortunately for thera, I admit,
they permitted that convention to be composed
of men, some of whom were entirely unfit for
the duty, and who would not be trusted in any
congressional district of the United States in
any public capacity nor in any private capacity
where they would have the custody of money
or the control of individual interests.
This is the convention thus constructed, thus
elected, thus acting, thus held up to public
condemnation by the General of your armies,
for much of my statements come from his
official report and testimony. That is the con-
vention that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] asks you to bring into
existence again, to revive with all its original
power, and, in addition, most extraordinary
power besides.
