284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
that State. Had they known that Congress
intended to give them largely increased powers
of a legislative character—authority to appoint
a provisional governor, to make judges and
registrars of elections, to go into the judiciary
of the State and control that—would they have
voted for and elected such men as composed
that body? Is it just and proper to deprive
them of the opportunity to vote for another
convention, especially when it is to be clothed
with these largely increased powers? I com-
mend that view of this subject to the consid-
eration ef the thinking members of this House.
It is very singular how men change. It is
very singular how*we all of us are the creatures
of circumstances. It is said that revolutions
never go backward. The history of the world
shows no revolution g;oing forward with the
rapidity with which this revolution of recon-
struction has gone. Originally, when the war
first broke out and the enemy was at the door
of this Capitol, both Houses of Congress by a
nearly unanimous vote declared that the war
was to be waged only in self-defense, and that as
soon as the Union was restored in its integrity
the war should cease.
President Lincoln held similar views at a
later period. I desire the Clerk to read an
original letter from that functionary to myself.
The Clerk read as follows:
Executive Mansion,
washington, December 12,1862.
My Dear Sie: Your letter of the 8th instant, with
the accompanying note of the same date, was re-
ceived yesterday.
The most important paragraph in the letter, as I
consider, is in these words: "On the 25th of No-
vember last X was advised by an authority which I
deemed likely to be well informed, as well as reliable
and truthful, that the southern States would send
representatives to the next Congress, provided that
a full andgeneral amnesty should permit them to do
so. No guarantees or terms were asked for other
than the amnesty referred to."
I strongly suspect your information will prove to
be groundless; nevertheless, I thanlc you for com-
municating it to me. Understanding the phrase in
the paragraph above quoted, "the southern States
would send representatives to the next Congress,"
to be substantially the same as that "the people of
thesouthern States would cease resistance, and would
reinaugurate, submit to, and maintain the national
authority^ within the limits of such States under the
Constitution of theUnited States," I sa.y that in such
case the war would cease on the part of the United
States, and that if within a reasonable time "a full
and general amnesty" were necessary to such end it
would not be withheld.
I do not think it would be proper now to commu-
nicate this, formally orinformally, to the people of
the southern States. My belief is that they already
know it; and when they choose, if ever, they can
communicate withmeunequivocally. Nordolthmk
it proper now to suspend military operations to try
any experiment of negotiation. I should, neverthe-
less, receive with great pleasure the exact informa-
tion you now havo, and also such other as you may
in any way obtain. Such information might bemore
valuable before the 1st of January than afterward.
While there isnothing in this letter which I should
dread to see in history, it is perhaps better for the
present that its existence should not become public.
I therefore have to request that you will regard it as
confidential.
Your obedient servant,
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Hon. Fernando Wood.
Mr. WOOD. This is an important declara-
tion. He declares in effect that he would issue
a proclamation of general amnesty upon the
cessation of hostilities; and I have no doubt
that but forthe calamity suffered by the country
in his untimely death—-a calamity to the South
as well as to the North—he would have kept his
word, and that an immediate declaration of
general pardon and amnesty would have been
issued under the authority vested in him by
the Constitution of the United States, and the
people of the South, having ceased resistance,
would have been restored to all their civil aud
political rights in the Union.
Fortunately, we are at no loss to know the
nature and extent of this power vested in the
President, and what an amnesty means. We
have recently had a declaration by the Su-
preme Court upon that subject in the case of
ex parte Garland. I ask the Clerk to read an
extract from the opinion of the court in that
case, which declares fully the force and meaning
of the President's power as well as the limita-
tions over congressional power with reference
to pardou and general amnesty. 1
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Constitution provides that the President
shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons for
offenses against the United States, except in cases
of impeachment. The power thus conferred is unlim-
ited, with the exception stated. It extends to every
offense known to the law, and may be exercised at
any time after its commission, either before legal
proceedings are taken, or during their pendency, or
after conviction and judgment. This power of the
President is not subject to legislative control. Con-
gress can neither limit the effect of his pardon, nor
exclude from its exercise any class of offenders. The
benign prerogative of mercy reposed in him canuot
be fettered by any legislative restrictions.
"Such being the case, the inquiry arises as to the
effect and operation of a pardon. And on this point
all the authorities concur. A pardon reaches both
the punishment prescribed for the offense and the
guilt of tne offender; and when the pardon is full it
releases the punishment and blots out of existence
the guilt, so that in the eye of the law the offender is
as innocent as if he had never committed the offense.
If granted before conviction, it prevents any of the
penalties and disabilities consequent upon convic-
tion from attaching. If granted after conviction, it
removes the penalties and disabilities and restores
him to all his civil rights. It makes him, asitwere,
anew man and giveshimanewcreditandcapacity."
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have referred
to the letter of the late President Lincoln for
the purpose of showing how rapidly this revo-
lution is proceeding, and has been ever since
the 2d of March, 1867, when Congress first
commenced its departures from the Constitu-
tion in its legislation over the late rebellious
States. Our statesmanship and our legislative
aud political power should be employed in
making this nation united, prosperous, happy,
and great. Instead of thinking, as we are, of
the acquisition of foreign territory and bringing
into the Union people who know nothing of our
language or religion, who have no sympathy
with our institutions, we should be endeavoring
to reestablish fraternal relations with our own
fellow-citizens, the blood of whose ancestors
was shed upon the same fields of battle with the
blood of our ancestors, who unitedly carried the
American flag through the war of the Revolu-
tion, the war of 1812, and the war with Mexico—
men of our own kith andkin, mainly the descend-
ants of the noble constructors of our blessed
form of government. Instead of this, we are
forgetting the principles of humanity and self-
interest alike.
I say, sir, that we are rapidly retrograding
from the theory of free government and self-
government within our own borders while we
are pretending to express sympathy with the
struggling people of Cuba, Ireland, and Crete.
We are running after strange gods. While
our own citizens, our own brother Americans
are oppressed, in bondage, demand the enjoy-
ment of free institutions, disfranchised, and
as it were denationalized, we are affecting sym-
pathy with the down-trodden of other climes.
The southern people may have erred ; who
has not? " It is human to err; it is divine to
forgive." In the language of Shakspeare—
"It was a grievous fault;
And grievously havo they answered it."
Have they not suffered enough ? Did you
not free their slaves without compensation, a
forcible emancipation unpracticed in other
countries? Did you not suddenly let loose upon
them, clothed with political rights, an element
in their midst totaliy unfit to exercise that
power ? Have you not denied them the right
of protection for life, liberty, and property,
put standing armies in their midst, and forced
them to conduct their elections at the point
of the bayonet?
Was not that enough? To what lower depths
can congressional and Radical fanaticism go ?
Where is the lower hell that can be found in
all the ingenuity of cruel, hypocritical philan-
thropy than that which is daily and hourly
inflicted by your legislation upon that poor,
helpless, prostrate, impoverished people ? They
were our enemies, and we conquered them ;
they fought as no other people ever fought,
and a generous foe would have had magna-
nimity sufficient at least to have avoided a
resort to torture, insult, or outrage. But no;
you pursue them still. Why, sir, is there any
Christian people in the world that does not
show some lenity to a vanquished foe ? Do the
rules of civilized warfare justify the destruction
of an enemy that has ceased resistance ? Can
you go into his territory and plunder his
houses, inflict cruelties and outrages, not to
be repeated here, on defenseless women and
children, after conquest ? Why, sir, the Amer-
ican savage in his native wilds is more Chris-
tianized, more civilized, and has more hu-
manity. That page of our history to be written
when we are dead and to be read by our de-
scendants a century hence will be a damning
stain upon our escutcheon, which they will
blush to read.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Ham-
lin, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 02) to incorporate the Na-
tional Junction Railway Company.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the following title;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 198) in addition to an act
entitled "An act to relieve from legal and
political disabilities certain persons engaged in
the late rebellion," approved July 27, 1868.
TENUItE-Oi'-OFi'ICU.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House proceed to business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(II. 11. No. 3) to repeal an act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices.
The Clerk read the amendments of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
Strikeout all after the enacting clause of the
bill, and insert the following;
ft That the first and second sections of an act entitled
" An act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices,"
passed March 2, 1867, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed, and in lieu of said repealed sections the
following are hereby enacted:
That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been or hereafter may be appointed, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and who
shall have become duly qualified to acttherein, shall
bo entitled to hold such office during the term for
which he shall have been appointed, unless sooner
removed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, or by the appointment, with the like advice
and consent, of a successor in his place, except as
herein otherwise provided.
And be it further' enacted, That during any recess
of the Senate the President is hereby empowered, in
his discretion, to suspend any civil officer appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
except judges of the United States courts, until the
end of the next session of the Senate, and to desig-
nate some suitable person, subject to be removed, in
his discretion, by the designation of another to per-
form the duties of such suspended officer in the mean
timo; and such person so designated shall take the
oaths and give the bonds required by law to betaken
and given by the suspended officer; and shall, during
the time he performs his duties, be entitled to the sal-
ary and emoluments of such office, no part of which
shall belong to the officer suspended; and it shall be
the duty of the President, within thirty days after the
commencement of each session of the Scncte, (except
for any office which, in his opinion, ought not to be
filled,)to nominate persons to fill all vacancies in office
which existed at the meeting of the Senate, whether
temporarily filled or not, and also in the place of all
officers suspended; and if the Senate during sueh
session shall refuse to advise and consent to an ap-
pointment in the place of any suspended officer, and
shall also refuse by vote to assent to his suspension,
then, and not otherwise, such officer at the end of the
session shall be entited to resume the possession of
the offioe from which ho was suspended, and after-
ward to discharge its duties and receive its emolu-
ments as though no such suspension had taken place.
Amend thetitle by striking outtheword " repeal,"
and inserting "amend" in lieu thereof.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the reference of the bill with the amendments
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I
desire to give some reasons for making that
motion.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I desire to enter a
motion to concur in the amendments of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield thefloorfor that purpose?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not at
present.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I understand that to
be the first question in order.
