1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 26, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
resolution of the Legislature of Michigan, rati-
fying the amendment to the Constitution of
the United States known as article fifteen ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an appropriation to
enable him to purchase of Little, Brown & Co.
two thousand copies of volume fifteen of the
United States Siatutes-at-Large; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Thomas G. Bidwell, of Huntsville, Walker
county, Texas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities ; which was referred to ths
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
James 0. Carruthers, of Salisbury, Massachu-
setts, praying for arrears of pay due him as
second lieutenant in the twenty-eighth regi-
ment Massachusetts volunteers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of
Christian Luth, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken from him by the Indians in June,
1868; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of J.
R. Shook, of Austin, Texas; the petition of
Thomas H. Stribling, of Bexar county, Texas ;
the petition of Theophilus G. Anderson, of
Bexar county, Texas ; the petition of M. G.
.A nderson, of Texas; and the petition of George
H. Noonan, of Medina county, Texas, praying
the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Mary
J. Car]in, praying payment of the claim of
Easton Padget for property taken from him by
the military forces of the United States ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of G. W. Tarleton, pray-
ing the restoration of certain money which ho alleges
was confiscated and is now in the United States
Treasury, be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 26) to further define and amend an
act for the puuishment of crimes against the
United States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 95) for the sale of the Hot Springs
reservation,in Arkansas, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary ;
which was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CITY CHARTER.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill_ (S. No. 185) to continue in force an act
entitled "An act to extend the charter of Wash-
ington city," &c., have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it pass ; and I ask for the pres-
ent consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is it about?
Mr. PATTERSON. The charter of this city
is about to expire, and it- is necessary to ex-
tend it.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is to be no dis-
cussion upon it I do not want to object.
41st Coss. 1st S'ess.—No. 19.
289
Mr. PATTERSON. Oh, no; there will be
no discussion. It is simply to extend the time.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is to be no dis-
cussion I have no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to continue in force
the first and sixth sections of the act entitled
"An act to extend the charter of Washington
city, also to regulate the selection of officers,
and for other purposes," of the 26th of May,
1868, for the period of one year and until Con-
gress shall otherwise determine, and repeals all
the other sections of that act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAVING 01' PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. PATTERSON. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 90) to
provide for the paving of Pennsylvania avenue,
have instructed me to report it back with
amendments, and with a recommendation that
it pass, and I ask forihe present consideration
of this bill. It passed at the last session, and
will lead to no discussion.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The first section appoints Ed-
ward Clark, architect of the Capitol extension ;
A. B. Mullett, supervising architect of the
Treasury extension ; Sayles J. Bowen, mayor
of Washington city ; and Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral N. Michler, engineer in charge of public
buildings and grounds, or their successors in
office, a commission to select and determine
the best kind of pavement to be used in paving
Pennsylvania avenue, and to have that thor-
oughfare paved therewith from the northwest
gate of the Capitol grounds to the crossing of
Fifteenth street west.
The second section provides that within ten
days after the passage of the act the commis-
sioners are to meet and organize by the election
of a president and secretary from among their
number, and to proceed to perform the duties
herein devolved upon them ; and within thirty
days after they slyill have determined upon the
pavement to be used they are to contract for
the paving of the avenue between the points
named on the lowest and most favorable terms
possible, requiring the paving to be done in
the best and most substantial manner, and
without unnecessary delay.
According to the third section the cost of
laying down the .pavement is to be borne and
paid tor in the following proportions and man-
ner: by the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company for that portion of the work
lying between the tracks of their road, and for
a distance of two feet on each side thereof;
by the owners of private property lying and
abutting on Pennsylvania avenue, and in pro-
portion to their frontage thereon, for that por-
tion of the work in front of their lots or parts
of lots from the curb line of the avenue t.wetitj'-
two feet outward ; by the corporation of Wash-
ington for the intersections of all numeral
streets, including the side-walks to the building
line, except such portions of the intersections
lying between the tracks of the Washington
and Georgetown Railroad Company and two
feet on each side thereof, which will be paid by
the company as before provided. The residue
of the pavement lying between the part paid
for by private owners and that paid for by the
railroad company is to be paid for by the
United States Government. Where public
reservations front or hound on Pennsylvania
avenue, or where avenues or lettered streets
intersect it, these reservations and intersec-
tions are to be paid for by the Government of
the United States. The cost of laying the
pavement is not to exceed the sum of four
dollars per square yard.
The fourth section declares that the assess-
ment contemplated in the foregoing section
shall be made by the commission, and the
sums so found due shall be collected and held
but as a special fupd by the collector of Wash
lngton, in accordance with existing laws ; and
the moneys so collected and held shall be paid
by him to the contractors for the work author-
ized on the warrant or order of the commis-
sion in such amounts and at such times as they
may deem safe and proper in view of the pro-
gress of the work.
The fifth section provides that if the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company, or
any private citizen, or other corporation or
person, shall neglect or refuse to pay the
amount assessed for the paving within thirty
days after the notification of such assessment
shall have been left at the property assessed,
in front of or adjoining their property, when
the work so fronting or adjoining their prop-
erty shall have been completed to the satisfac-
tion of the commission and assessed by them
the commission shall issue certificates of in-
debtedness against the property, which certifi-
cates shall bear interest at the rate of ten per
cent, per annum until paid, and which, until
they are paid, shall remain and be a lien upon
the property on or against which they are
issued. If the certificates are not paid within
"tie year the commission shall, upon the appli-
cation of the holder thereof, proceed to sell
the properly against which they are issued,
such sales to be first duly advertised, and to be
made at public auction to the highest bidder ;
and a deed given by the commission in pursu-
ance hereof is to be deemed and held to be a
good and perfect title to any property bought
at such sale.
The sixth section appropriates so much money
as may be necessary to pay the amount found,
due from the United States out of any moneys
in the public Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, and it is to be paid on the requisition of
the commission in the amounts and at the times
indicated in the fourth section, as other public
moneys are disbursed ; but the amount of this
appropriation is not to exceed the sum of
$180,000.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia was in line
seven, section one, after the word u grounds"
to insert "and Charles H. Nichols."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line ten, after the word "outward" to insert
"on each side of the avenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen,
section five, after the word "issued" to insert
"or so much thereof as may be necessary to
pay said tax," and in line eighteen, after the
word " advertised," to insert "daily for three
successive weeks in some newspaper published
in the city of Washington."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
fifth section to insert:
Provided, That the owner of said real estate shall
have the right to redeem the property sold by pay-
ing the amount of purchase-money and twenty por
cent, on thoamountof the saidpurchase within one
yoar from the date of tho sale.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I should like to hear read again
that portion of the bill which fixes the price.
It occurs to me, if 1 heard it correctly, that
the effect is to put the bill in a shape that will
insure a very poor pavement.
The Chief Clerk. The proviso at the end
of the third section reads :
Provided, That the cost of laying such pavement
shall not exceed the sum of four dollars per square
yard.
Mr. NYE. I desire only to call attention
to this matter. I do not know the material
from which you can get a very good and sub-
stantial pavement for that price.
Mr. PATTERSON. That matter was con-
sidered by the committee and by the Senate
at the last session, and it was finally concluded
by the Senate to leave the bill as it now stands.
There were two motions made to change it;
It was thought if we left it open the price would
be very much higher than that, and if we fi xed
a higher rate in the bill the contract would run
