290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
up to the highest price, and we should, get no
better pavement.
Mr. 'CONKLING. Of wbat material is it
to be?
Mr. PATTERSON. That is left to the com-
. mission to decide,
Mr. NYE. If we are going to make this
great outlay in paving Pennsylvania avenue,
which I think is very much needed, in myjudg-
ment the commission who have it in charge
should not be crippled for half a dollar a yard
and spoil the whole and have it to do over
again in a few years. The committee are
greatly mistaken about it, and they will so find,
I think, because nobody will attempt to lay
down a pavement here that is good and sub-
stantial, of wood or of stone, for four dollars a
yard. I have had a little experience in that,
and I know that it cannot be done. I merely
make the suggestion to the committee. If tliey
desire not to have the work done properly they
had better leave the bill as it is. I move to
increase the price named half a dollar a yard,
because if we are going to pave the avenue
the new pavement should be a good one.
Mr. ABBOTT. I suggest to the Senator from
Nevada to move to strike out that portion of
the bill which regulates the price.
Mr. NYE. I am not tenacious about the
way ofgettingat it; neither am I willing to leave
it entirely open ; but I am very confident that
the committee will find they cannot get a good
pavement of any kind for four dollars a yard ;
and I suppose they desire with this great outlay
to insure a good pavement. One hundred
thousand dollars in the cost should not be an
item, to be considered to insure that end.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will state that the
committee who had this subject under consid-
eration at the last session made inquiries as to
the cost of the different kinds of pavement,
and they came to the conclusion that four dol-
lars a square yard would give us the best of
pavements ; but they thought if we left it open
the price would jun up to four and a half or
five dollars.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator before
he sits down will allow me to ask him a ques-
tion. I have it from one of the commission
proposed, in whom I have more confidence
than, in any other, that it will cost more ; and
I presume he informed the committee of that
fact.
Mr. PATTERSON. " Confidence is a plant
of slow growth." The Senator probably has
known the gentleman much longer than he has
the committee. So I am not inclined to find
any fault with that.
Mr. NYE. I do not say that. I move to
increase it half a dollar a yard, leaving it dis-
cretionary with this commission.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope it will not be in-
creased. I am quite satisfied that four dollars
will command the very best kind of pavement;
and I think the pavement that ought to be
adopted can be obtained for much less. I un-
derstand that the concrete pavement can be
obtained for considerably less than that; and
that the party proposes to leave one half of the
price in the Treasury as a guarantee that he
will not only put down the pavement, but keep
it in repair for ten years. If there can be a
contract of that kind made, I think it most
advisable that such an offer as that should be
accepted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada.
-Mr. POMEROY. I donotdesire to take any
part in this discussion ; but if it is designed to
pur. down a wooden pavement—I do not know
that it is—it is in the knowledge of every one
about what it will cost. A cubic yard is nine
feet, and nine times twelve are one hundred and
eight. There will be one hundred and eight
feet, board measure, in each cubic yard. Lum-
ber is forty dollars per thousand, and that will
make every cubic yard cost four dollars in the
rough for the lumber itself. If it is designed
toput down a poor quality of wooden pavement
you can get it cheaper; but if it is designed to
have the best quality you cannot. If the Gov-
ernment is going to pave this avenue I want to
have the best pavement we can have of the
kind. But I do not know that it is designed to
put down a wooden pavement. Perhaps some
other pavement is better. If the Senator from
Vermont thinks the concrete pavement is bet-
ter and can be laid cheaper, of course wood
is out of the question. I do not know myself
how that is.
Mr. COLE. I think the calculation of the
honorable Senator from Kansas is at fault. It
will not be nine times twelve—one hundred
and eight feet—in each square yard of wooden
pavement.
Mr. POMEROY. Board measure, I said.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; but the pavement will
not be twelve inches in depth from the top;
probably not over five or six inches. If only six
inches the cost would be only half the amount
mentioned by the Senalor from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is to be onlv six
inches it will not be good for anything. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. COLE. No wooden pavement, I am
sure, is made of blocks afoot in length. I have
never heard of any blocks more than six inches
in depth, so that the wooden pavement itself
is less than six inches in depth as a general
thing, the depth of the blocks being six inches
or less. I am quite certain, from what little
information I have touching this kind of pave-
ment, that the amount specified in the bill will
be sufficient to meet the cost of the best sort
of wooden pavement. If the statement made
by the Senator from Vermont be correct, a
good pavement can be obtained for much less
than this. But if it is to be a wooden pavement
certainly four dollars a yard will cover all the
expense. I am aware that contracts are some-
times let in cities for pavements at a much
higher rate than this. I am informed that in
'the city of New York wooden pavements are
sometimes contracted to be laid down at five
or six dollars a yard ; but it is also understood
that contractors in such cases make large sums
of money out of those pavements. I regard
myself as well informed on this subject, and I
think that the best sort of Tyooden pavement
will not cost to exceed four dollars a square
yard. I hope there wdl not be any addition to
thepricc, if that is the kind of pavement referred
to or the one that is to be adopted.
Mr. NYE. I do not desire to obstruct the
passage of this bill, but if my friend from Cali-
fornia is so well informed on this subject he
can tell us how many feet Qf yellow pine it
will take to pave a square yard, and what the
cost is.
Mr. COLE. I suppose if the blocks are six
inches in length, nine times six are fifty four
feet of board measure.
Mr. NYE. That shows that the honorable
Senator is not as well informed as he thinks
he is, by any means.
Mr. COLE. That often happens with my-
self, and it may possibly sometimes happen
with the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. Quite often. That is why I sug-
gested that my friend might be mistaken occa-
sionally.
Mr. COLE. As to the price of lumber here,
of course I have no information. The Sen-
ator from Kansas spoke of lumber at forty dol-
lars a thousand, but it seems to me that is a
very exorbitant price for lumber in this place.
I am of the opinion that lumber suitable for
this purpose may be obtained for half that sum,
or about twenty dollars a thousand. I believe
the best of pine is usually used for this pur-
pose, and in this case I presume the commis-
sion who have in charge the construction of
this pavement would require that it should be
prepared by the best means for the preserva-
tion of the wood. I think the sum mentioned
in the bill as it now stands, four dollars a square
yard, will cover all the expense.
Mr. POMEROY. If the blocks the Senator
from California speaks of be only six inches
long my calculation is entirely at fault. I made
my calculation on the supposition that they
were to be twelve inches long, but if they are
to be only six inches long it will only take half
as much. I do not believe in any such pave-
ments as that, but if that be the kind adopted
it will only cost half what I said.
Mr. COLE. I can assure the Senator that
that pavement serves a very excellent purpose
in the city of San Francisco, where it is very
generally used.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as am end-
ed ; and the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
ORDER Off BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take up for consideration Senate bill
No. 195, which ought to be acted upon imme-
diately, that it may go to the other House.
Mr. STEWART. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. To carry into effect the
convention with Mexico.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
of committees are in order.
Mr. DRAKE. I object to any departure
from the order of business.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad have instructed me to move
to take up the joint resolution of the House
of Representatives No. 6, for the purpose of
referring it to that committee, and 1 move that
it be taken from the table for the purpose of
moving its reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
named, for the purpose of reference.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Secretary to read
the title, that we may know what it is.
The Secretary. A joint resolution (H. R.
No. 6) for the protection of the interests of the
United States in the Union Pacific Railway
Company, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not the joint res-
olution. It is House joint resolution No. 40.
I made a mistake.
The Chief Clerk. House joint resolution
No. 40 is a joint resolution granting the
right of way to the Memphis, El Paso, and
Pacific Railroad Company from El Paso to tho
Pacific ocean.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not put it on its pas-
sage at once ?
Mr. MORTON. I hope it will be put on its
passage.
Mr. HOWTARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad have instructed me to move to
take it up for the purpose of having it referred
for examination to that committee, and I
make the motion in puisuance of instructions.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion requires unanimous consent at this time.
Mr. MORTON. I am willing to have the
bill taken from the table at this time ; but on
the question of reference I ask to be heard.
Mr. STEWART. I object, if it is not to be
referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made.
Mr. HOWARD. I have another report. I
am instructed by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad to move to take up House joint res-
olution No. 0, for the purpose of its consider-
ation, and for the purpose of presenting an
amendment upon which the committee have
already agreed. I think it very necessary to
the public interests that it should be taken up.
I do not think it will lead to any debate.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the Chair
for information whether that is a proper report
of a committee to be made here during the
time of calling upon committees for reports,
whether it is a proper way to get a bill up in
the Senate under the guise of a report of a com-
mittee ?
