292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not;
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
is still in order.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I insist on the morn-
ing business being done.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator object
to my bill ?
Mr. GRIMES. I object until the morning
business is through.
REMOVAL 01 DISABILITIES.
Mr. WILLEY. I ask leave to introduce a
bill without previous notice, and I desire to
make a short statement in connection with it.
The name of Mr. James C. Taylor, of Mont-
gomery county, Virginia, was included in the
bill for the removal of political disabilities
which passed both Houses of Congress, but was
lost between the two Houses in a committee of
conference. From some misapprehension that
the bill had passed and become a law, on the
petition of citizens of the fourteenth judicial
circuit of Virginia General Stoneman has com-
missioned Mr. Taylor as judge of that cir-
cuit. Upon receiving his commission he finds
that he is not relieved of his disabilities and
cannot act as judge. The former judge is
removed ; he cannot act under the law of Con-
gress. There are criminals in prison and a
state of anarchy and disorder in the judicial
circuit. I have drawn up a bill to remove his
disabilities, and if the Senate will consent I
should like to have it put on its passage now ;
but if there be objection I do not care to in-
troduce it at all, and will seek to incorporate
it in some general bill.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 211) for the relief of
James C. Taylor, of Montgomery county, Vir-
ginia ; and it was read twice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
this bill ? The Chair hears none. It is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from West Virginia if he knows
this man ? I did not hear what he said.
Mr. WILLEY. I know him slightly, very
well by reputation. He comes indorsed from
all quarters, recommended by the loyal people
of the circuit in which he lives for judge, was
commissioned by General Stoneman as such,
and, receiving his commission, finds he cannot
act.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Is he now acting as judge?
Mr. WILLEY. He received his commis-
sion on the 20th of this month, but cannot
act as judge because his disabilities are not
removed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MEXICAN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 105.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 195) to carry into effect the convention of
July 4, 180S, between the United States and
Mexico for the adjustment of claims, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The bill provides that
the Piesident shall nominate, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate appoint,
a commissioner on the part of the United
States to hear and decide, conjointly with the
commissioner to be appointed on the part of
the republic of Mexico, the claims compre-
hended in the provisions of the convention of
July -1, 1868, between the United States and
Mexico. The compensation of the commis-
sioner is to be at such rate, not' exceeding
$4,500 a year in the currency of the United
States, as may be determined by agreement
between the Executive Departments of this
Government and of Mexico. The compensa-
tion of the secretary to be appointed on the
part of the United States under the provisions
of the convention is to be at such rate, not
exceeding $2,500 a year in the currency of
the United States, as shall be determined in
the manner stated.
The President is also authorized to appoint
a suitable person as agent on behalf of the
United States to attend the commissioners, to
present and support claims on behalf of this
Government, to answer claims made upon it,
and to represent it generally in all matters
connected with the investigation and decision
thereof. The compensation of such agent, not
to exceed $4,000, is to be determined and
allowed by the President; and the President
is authorized to make provision for the contin-
gent expenses of the commission and for the
advances contemplated by the sixth article of
the convention as to him shall appear reason-
able and proper.
The commissioner on the part of the United
States, in conjunction with the commissioner
on the part of Mexico, is authorized to make
all needful rules and regulations for conduct-
ing the business of the commission ; such rules
and regulations not contravening the Consti-
tution of the United States, the provisions of
the act, or the convention.
The Secretary of State is required to trans-
mit to the commissioner on the part of the
United States such papers and records relating
to the commission as he may deem proper, or
as may be called for by the commissioners, and
at the termination of the commission all the
records, documents, and other papers which
have been brought before the commissioners,
or which may be in possession of their secre-
taries, are to be deposited in the Department
of State; but this section is not to be so con-
strued as to prevent the commissioner on the
part of Mexico from depositing in the Depart-
ment certified copies or duplicates of papers
produced on behalf of his Government instead
of originals.
Upon suggestion by either party that a witness
whose testimony is deemed important refuses
or is unwilling to testify, it is to be competent
for the board of commissioners to issue a com-
mission to some suitable person to take the testi-
mony of such witness, who, if in the United
States, maybe compelled to appearand testify
before the commissioners in the same manner
as is now provided by law in the case of com-
missions issued from the courts of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The morning hour I
see is about expiring, and I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if he
proposes to continue the consideration of that
bill after the morning hour?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly. The morn-
ing hour has now expired. I move that all
prior orders be postponed, and that the Indian
appropriation bill be taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The. morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill (S. No. 43) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof,'1 approved
June 3, 1864.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone
that and all prior orders, with a view of taking
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Ind ian appropriation
bill, as a matter of course, must be passed, and
as a matter of course it will be passed ; but if
the bill pending before the Senate in regard to
the distribution of the currency is to be passed
at all it must be acted upon now. If the bill
is now postponed with a view to take up the
Indian appropriation bill there is no prob-
ability of its passing at the present session.
Therefore, I desire to have a test vote on the
motion. I do not think the discussion of yes-
terday ought to be prolonged to-day; for much
of it was upon matters not connected with the
bill. I am willing, however, without further
debate, to take a test vote of the Senate on this
motion. If the bill is now postponed with a
view to take up the Indian appropriation bill
it is a substantial defeat of the measure for this
session ; but by adhering to the currency bili
we may pass it to-day, and I hope at an earl)
hour to-day ; and then, as a matter of course,
the Senator from Maine will have an opportu-
nity to call up the Indian appropriation bill.
The bill now pending must go to the House of
Representatives to be there considered, and
may give rise to some debate and some differ-
ence of opinion. If it is now postponed it will
be utterly idle to attempt to pass it at the pres-
ent session. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will vote on this motion as a test vote. If
this bill is postponed now I shall consider
myself relieved from the necessity of calling
it up again at the present session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend, the Senator
from Ohio, has told us a story that 1 have heard
at least fifty times during every session of Con-
gress since I have been a member 0*? it; and
that is, that an appropriation bill will be sure
to pass, and therefore it should not be taken
up, and that if the present bill now under con-
sideration is postponed it will be impossible to
get it through. I have heard that over and
over again, always to the same effect, some-
times successfully and sometimes unsuccess-
fully.
Now, sir, the question is simply this: shall
we dispose of the absolutely necessary business
of the session, and for which the session is
held in the first place ? We want a short ses-
sion. To-day is the day fixed by the House
of Representatives for an adjournment. We
have not taken up their resolution, because it
was the opinion of the Senate that we could
not adjourn to-day. Now, what have we got
to do ? This Indian appropriation bill, as it is
called, passed the House at the last session,
came to the Senate, gave rise to an important
difference of opinion between the two Houses
upon the amendments placed upon it by the
Senate, and was lost. The House has assumed
the same ground now that it assumed at the
last session. It is very probable that the Sen-
ate will also take the same ground that it did
then. What will be the result? A committee
of conference, which, possibly, may be pro-
tracted for some days; we caunot tell how
long. In view of that state of things, a known
difference of opinion upon which the two
bodies failed to agree, we see before us several
days of labor upon this bill. The sooner,
therefore, in my judgment, the bill is sent to a
committee of conference, if it must go there,
and the questions at issue are ascertained, the
sooner we shall be able to adjourn.
Under those circumstances—and this bill is
the bill that stands in the way of adjournment,
and must necessarily do so—I think the sooner
the Senate proceeds to act upon it on its part,
and the matter is submitted to a committee of
conference, the sooner we shall be able to
arrive at a point where we can fix the day of
adjournment. So long as it stands in its pres-
ent position, so long must that time be defeired.
We have now two days left of this week. I
think it will probably take both days if it takes
the time that it did before, for there are many
necessary amendments to bo made. In my
judgment, therefore, it is vastly better that we
at once proceed to the consideration of it in
the place of all other business in order to have
it disposed of.
I admit, with the Senator from Ohio, that
the bill which he has in charge is an important
bill. But, sir, we had several days' debate upon
it at the last Congress, and we have had one
now with, so far as 1 can see, no particular
progress made in it. In fact, it stands worse
than it did at the beginning, from the attacks
made upon it. I am of opinion that the fourth
section of the bill is unjust and ought not to be
