296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
in any portion of on r history, and is and has
been during the past seven years as well em-
ployed as during any other period in the history
of the country. Our great burden, if we have
got any burden, is that the people have been
mating money so fast and so easy that they are
extravagant in everything. All classes, con-
ditions, pursuits, squander money. During the
war labor was very high. Farmers, mechanics,
manufacturers, and merchants made money as
never before; and since th-e war they compare
their earnings with the years of the war—not
the years preceding the war—and complain not
a little. In spite of all complaints the nation
is increasing in wealth.
I admit that my amendment adds to the
interest account of the country because it takes
$50,000,000 of greenbacks and converts those
into ten-forty bonds, but it gives $50,000,000
of banking capital to the western and the south-
ern States and lets New England alone. I
agree with the Senator from New York in re-
gard to the injustice of the proposition to take
$20,000,000 of banking circulation from the
old States. When this rebellion broke out I
remember the Secretary of the Treasury s&nt
to New York and Philadelphia and Boston,
and bank managers were invited here and con-
sulted. Those bank managers loaned the Gov-
ernment every dollar they could afford to loan.
At the opening of the rebellion they invested
their money in Government securities. They
•went into it earnestly, devotedly, and felt that
they were sacrificing something to do so. It is
true there were a few bank managers who would
not loan the Government money, who were
opposed to doing anything of the kind; but the
general public sentiment was so strong, and the
sentiment of patriotism and devotion to the
country so ardent, that the banks of New Eng-
land and of New York and Pennsylvania and
all the eastern States—and I suppose what I
say of them can be truthfully said of the banks
of the western States also—loaned the Govern-
ment all they had to loan. We wanted more.
We wanted $330,000,000 of our bonds taken;
and then, for our own interest, we said to the
banks, " We will tax you out of existence
unless you go into a general national banking
system and take $330,000,000 of our bonds, on
which we will issue to you $300,000,000 of
circulation." Wedid it for our own interest—
for the interest of the Government. In those
States many of the public men were opposed
to the proposition. I believe Mr. Flagg, of
N ew York, made a report on thesubject strongly
in opposition to it. I know that leading men
thought it was a burden put upon the banks.
The banks of Massachusetts paid the State some
six hundred thousand dollars in taxes, one per
cent, on their capital, that went to pay the
ordiuary expenditures of the State government.
A11 came in; the State banks were transformed
into national banks. Now, after having ac-
complished this result, rather than put a little
twopenny tax upon the country to pay the
interest of $50,000,000 of bonds, you propose
to lay your heavy hand upon the business men
of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecti-
cut. I do not know that your blow will reach
New York, but if the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Louisiana is adopted New
York will be reached.
I say this is not just; it ought not to be done ;
it is a violation of everything that is just in the
legislation of this country, and will injure the
people of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and
Connecticut in their business affairs in the
year to come enough to pay the interest on
$50,000,000 for the next five years.
I am aware that there are people fin the
country who will denounce my proposition, for
we have a class of men who have been up and
down this land blurting into the ears of the
people that they are ruined, and the people
laughed at them to their faces when they were
talking about it. A man of the West, claiming
to be a statesman, came last autumn into the
State of Maine, and in the face of thousands
of prosperous, thriving people—farmers, men
who were making money and knew it, men
who were .receiving larger wages than they
ever received before, men who were strong,
free, and independent—told them how poor
they were. They laughed in his face, and well
they might. We heard a great deal of that last
year, the most prosperous year this country-
ever saw ; and perhaps we shall be told just so
again. We are used to this kind of talk; but
in spite of it all the nation advances in pros-
perity and power. The country is increasing
in wealth, in population, in development, rap-
idly ; and the debt in a very few years will be a
light affair if we have patriotism enough to be
honest and common capacity enough to legis-
late wisely in our affairs. I hope this amend-
ment will be adopted, because I believe it to
be right and just; and all that can be said
against it is simply that it adds $50,000,000 to
the interest-bearing obligations of the Govern-
ment, and I think that is more than paid for
bv the benefits it will give to the West and
South.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts is right in a nutshell.
He proposes to increase the banking capital
$50,000,000, and to remove the restriction that
exists now. The same law that applies to the
$300,000,000 will apply to the $350,000,000.
The banks use the same bonds that they do
now under the law ; men present them and get
their circulation. Then we fund $50,000,000
of legal tenders and issue ten- forty bonds, which
bear five per cent, gold interest per annum, to
these banks with a capital of $50,000,000.
What tax do these banks pay after they have
formed their banking associations? They pay
a tax to the Government of about two per cent.
That reduces the five per cent, interest per
annum to about three per cent. Consequently,
all you pay is an interest of about three per
cent, on $50,000,000. Cannot the people af-
ford to pay that three per cent, on $50,000,000
for the sake of furnishing this additional capi-
tal to the western and southern States that have
not the requisite amount of banking capital ?
A large proportion of this tax is paid by the
eastern States, as we know; a very large pro-
portion of it ; and if they prefer to do this
rather than have taken from them their bank-
ing capital why not extend this privilege to
them ? They pay a large amount of this tax.
To avoid the distress the bill would cause to
the business interests of the eastern States I
am in favor of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, to extend $50,000,000
banking capital to the southern and western
States and withdraw none of the banking capi-
tal from the eastern States.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to vote for the
proposition which is before the Senate ema-
nating from the Committee on Finance, and I
intended when this debate began to vote for
it; but I confess that my opinions have under-
gone a fundamental change. I am as anxious
as anybody can be to furnish all the necessary
banking facilities to the South, and I am will-
ing to vote for any feasible scheme that may
be brought before us for that purpose. I do
not say that I would not vote for the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilsox,] or for the one which is before us
lying on our tables, offered by whom I do not
know; but I cannot help coming to the con-
clusion that the original bill now before us was
properly denominated yesterday by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Scmner] a bill i
of spoliation. What are the facts? When this
country was in trouble and making its most
strenuous efforts to preserve its existence it
went to the banks of the country and sought
to induce them, and did induce them by per-
suasion or by coercion, to let it have all their
money, with the stipulation on its part that it
would give to those banks certain bonds to be
issued by the Government, upon which they
should be permitted to issue a certain amount
of circulation; and we gave ta those banks in
consideration therefor a charter and a fran-
chise authorizing them to have an existence
as banks and to enjoy the privileges of that
4b
circulation. Now it is proposed that that fran-
chise shall be impaired ; that the contract you
have entered into with those banks shall be
done away with.
It is true that you may technically have the
right to pass such a bill as this, because in the
seventeenth section of your banking law you
have reserved the right to modify and amend
the law, but you have not reserved any right
to apply a law to one of the banks that does
not apply equally to all of them. You have
not reserved to yourself the right to say that a
bank of a certain amount of capital shall be
deprived of a portion of its franchise while
another with a smaller or a greater amount of
capital shall not be deprived of it.
Now, what is the effect of this going to be?
It is going to disturb confidence in your bank-
ing system. If you establish the principle here
that Congress has a right to take away the cir-
culation of a bank this year you will have it
followed up by further acts every succeeding
year. We are already notified by the Senator
from Louisiana that he will move to increase
the amount of currency that the bill proposes
to deplete the banks now in existence of, and
you will follow it up session after session until
finally the people will lose all confidence in
your banking system.
Then, I think that the Senators who are in
favor of this measure as a measure of relief
to their States are altogether mistaken in the
effect it is going to have; but that is not the
question that I put my vote upon. I think it
is an act of bad faith. I would rather increase
the banking capital in some other way and
furnish the southern States with all they claim,
with all that may be necessary ; but let us not
deprive the banks that are now chartered upon
the public faith, given to them by a solemn act
of Congress, of any of the privileges we have
guarantied to thom. Mr. President, we cannot
afford to do it. This Government cannot afford
to do such a thing as that.
Then, it is going to fall upon that class of
people who need the protection of the Govern-
ment most. Unless the banks of New England
are organized at this time in an altogether dif-
ferent manner from that in which they were
organized when I was somewhat familiar with
them, the oppression of this measure is going to
fall upon a class who should receive our pro-
tection. The stockholders of those banks are
generally persons in small circumstances, peo-
ple who arc not in active business. The money
invested in them is generally trust funds—the
funds of orphans and of widows. They must
be compelled, if you withdraw this money
from these banks to the extent proposed,
$20,000,000, to find some other mode of in-
vesting their money in other pursuits. It is an
injustice that I think Congress cannot afford
to perpetrate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose to amend ths
proposition of the Senator from Massachusette
in the manner indicated in the paper I send to
the Clerk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator propose
it as an amendment to the amendment ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir. I should like
to have the Clerk read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. In the ninth line of the
first section of the amendment it is proposed
to strike out the word '•fifty'' aVid insert
"ten," and at the end of the section to add
the following words:
And the Secretary ofthe Treasury shall cancel Uni-
ted States notes at the same rate as said $10,000,{)00
of circulation are issued to said banking associations.
So that, if amended, the section will read:
That so ranch of section twenty-two of the act
approved June 3, A. D. 1804, entitled " An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof," as limits the amount
of circulating notes to be issued to banking associa-
tions under said act to $300,000,000, is heret>y le-
pealed ; but tho amount of notes to be issued under
said act to banking associations shall not exceed
$310,000,080; and in issuing said circulating notes
