1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
preference shall be given to banking associations in
States and sections of the country not adequately
supplied with banking facilities ; and the Secretary
of tho Treasury shall cancel United States notes at
the same rate as said '-310,000,000 of circulating notes
are issued to said banking associations.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, it seems
to be admitted, or it seems to be a fact, that we
shall not get a, vote at this session of Congress
to ii^rease the amount of circulation, nor to
add anything to the interest-bearing deot of
the country. The proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts involves the idea of adding
to those interest-bearing obligations; and I
doubt, and I think he doubts, whether this
Congress at this session is "ready to vote for
any such thing. The question, then, practi-
cally, it seems to me, is reduced to this : the
circulation of the national banks is fixed at
$300,000,000, and any proposition to expand
it by changing legal tenders into national bank
circulation is at this time impracticable. We
have at this time all that circulation distributed
in such a way over the country that certain
States have a much larger share than by the
original act creating national banks was in-
tended should go to them. If I remember
rightly, the oiiginal act creating the national
banks apportioned the circulation one half
according to population and the other half
according to the value of the property in the
several States. While that was the spirit of
the act originally, circumstances have brought
it about that certain States have got a much
larger proportion than under that distribution
they would have been entitled to; and now
that circumstances have brought this about
we are told that, although that state of things
is in violation of the spirit of the act origin-
ally. it is a gross injustice in us to correct this
evil and to distribute the currency according
to the principle of the act originally. The
Government has taken the business of bank-
ing into its own hands, has prescribed the
conditions upon which national banking shall
be carried on, and distributed all the privileges
under the national banking act in certain places
at a time when a whole section of the country
was excluded from the operations of that act;
ana when that section of country has been re-
stored to its normal relations with the Govern-
ment we are told that all these privileges are
already absorbed by the old States and the
old States have a vested right in them.
I confess I cannot see the logic of that posi-
tion. In my opinion the assertion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, who spoke on this
subject yesterday [Mr. ScmnehJ in reply to the
Senator from Ohio, that this measure is unjust;
that it violates the great principles of equity ;
that it takes awa.v from those States certain
vested rights, is without foundation. The fact
that they have got more than belonged to them
under the spirit of the act originally is no reason
why they should always go on and have more
than belongs to them while another section
of the country is deprived of its rightful share.
Mr. GRIMES. VVhat does the Senator mean
by "the spirit of the act?" Does he intend
to say that any of these States have more than
they were allowed by law?
Mr. SAWYER. "They have got more than
their proportion.
Mr. GRIMES. I know they have got more
than their proportion ; but have they got it
illegally'!
Mr. SHERMAN". Yes; if I may answer
that question.
Mr. GRIMES. If there is no law for it, that
is another thing.
Mr. SAWYER. As T understand, the law
original!;' pioposed to distribute one hall of
the circulation in proportion to population and
one half in proportion to the wealth and re-
sources of the several States. The States that
have been referred to have more than that.
Mr. GRIMES. But then there was a sub-
sequent law parsed.
Mr. SAWYER. The southern States and
some of the western States come in here now
and want their proportion ot that circulation ;
but they are told that the field is preoccupied,
and that the old States have a vested right in
all that which has come to them in this way.
Now, as a practical question, I consider it
settled that there is to be no expansion of the
currency. I do not know that I shall vote for
any expansion of the currency As a practical
question I do not believe that Congress at this
session is going to vote to change legal tenders
into interest-bearing obligations. Therefore,
it is reduced to this: that we must take a por-
tion of this circulation from those States which
have an excess and transfer it to those States
which have a deliciency, or those States which
have a deliciency will get nothing at all. If the
purpose of these various amendments is to put
something on the bill which will kill it in the
other House or kill it here I can understand
them; but if the purpose is really to relieve
those sections of the country which require
relief, to give to the States of the South some
approximation to what they need, I cannot
understand the propositions that are made
here, after the committee have considered this
subject for a long period, after they have
matured a bill upon due consideration, which
they present to the Senate, and the only one
which there is any chance of our passing at
HTIO QCiQQlAll
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I will say
a word in explanation of the amendment that
I have proposed. I have already indicated my
views of the bill as it was reported by the com-
mittee. I regard it not only as an act of bad
faith, as an act that would unsettle the bank-
ing system of the country, but 1 believe it
would greatly disturb the business and injure
the people of that section where these banks
are located. I know that there is an objection
to converting the non-interest-bearing debt of
the United States into interest-bearing obliga-
tions ; and I doubt very much whether aprop-
osition of that kind can be indorsed or will be
adopted by Congress. But I propose by this
amendment to allow the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue to the States that need additional
banking facilities §10,000,000 of circulating
notes, and then I require the Secretary of the
Treasury at the same rate that he issues these
notes to these banking associations to cancel
United States Treasury notes, so that there is
no expansion or contraction of the currency;
there is nothing added to our interest-bearing
obligations. The public debt of the United
States is to that extent diminished, and it is
one step toward the resumption of specie pay-
ments ; for it is a proposition that nobody can
controvert that the less the number of Treas-
ury notes in circulation the stronger the prob-
abilities of an early resumption of specie pay-
ments.
Now, sir, I am opposed, and I need hardly
repeat it, to any violent proceeding in refer-
ence to the currency of this country, in either
direction. I say it will result in mischief,
more mischief than good. The currency of
the country is exceedingly sensitive ; and if
Congress undertakes to legislate on the sub-
ject, it should touch it with velvety hands, and
not undertake by some fell swoop Of legisla-
tion to change the whole current, of trade and
1 business from one section of the country to
| another, or to transfer in a body $100,000,000
1 or $50,000,000 or any other large amount of
I money from one section of this country to
I another.
If my proposition is adopted at this session
of Congress and it is found to work equitably
and fairly, if these $10,000,000 are taken now
between this and the next session of Congress
and an equal amount of Treasury notes can-
celed, then we can proceed, if necessary, in
j the same direction and extend the national
;| banking system and curtail the amount ot
jj United States notes until gradually we convert
j our currency into a national batik currency
r and bring the nation to a position where, so
far as Treasury notes are concerned, they will
be worth their face in gold. The proposition
that I have made is a moderate one. It will
not disturb anybody or any business. If
$10,000,000 of capital are taken into the
southern States between this and the next ses-
sion of Congress, and banks are established with
that circulation there, it will certainly be a very
considerable relief to that section of the coun-
try; and, as I suggested, we may proceed at
the next session in any way that the circum-
stances of the country at that time may indi-
cate. But I do protest against this attempt to
wrest from one section of the country a lai-ge
amount of its circulation and fix it in another
part of the country; and I am quite reluctant
at this time, in the present state of public feel-
ing, to undertake by legislation to extend onr
interest-bearing debt or to convert our green-
backs into interest-bearing obligations. I know
that that is a proposition which is very unpop-
ular ; and in that point of view it is not improb-
able that a great many persons in Congress
may feel hound to oppose it. I hope that we
can compromise on this proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, one or two
observations have been made to which I wish
briefly to reply. The point made by the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts against this bill is
that this is a case of extreme hardship and a
case of a violation of faith. In my judgment
according to the law the apportionment to
these States of the large amount they have is
in violation of law, and is a case of great hard-
ship. The case is precisely the reverse. What
is the case? Allot to Massachusetts, Con-
necticut, and Rhode Island twice their proper
proportion of this banking circulation, give
that to them on account of their manufacturing
business, and they still have $50,573,837 more
than their share.
Mr. GRIMES. Do you mean their share
under the law ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, tinder the old
law, or if you make tho apportionment under
the existing law. The Senator from Rhode
Island goes on the idea that the old Jaw has
been changed ; but npon the existing law, as
it is now properly construed at the Treasury
Department, they have $59,573,837 more than
their share. We propose to take $20,000,000
of that and distribute it among those States
that have not any. That is the whole propo-
sition.
But it is said that they have the pledge of
the public faith, that they acted in accordance
with law, in pursuance of law, upon our invi-
tation, and got this proportion ot circulation,
and now it is not fair for us to draw it back.
If that argument was true in point of fact it
would have some weight in equity, not in law,
because the law expressly provides that the
act itself may be repealed, changed, or modi-
fied at the pleasure of Congress; but. still it
would present aii equitable obligation. If in
pursuance of our policy people had entered
into this banking business and got more than
their proportion it would not be exactly fair
to withdraw it. But, sir, this is in violation
of law, and it is only necessary for me to recite
certain well-known facts to show it. I have
the laws before me, and will refer to them.
By the original banking act, passed in the
early purt of 1803, an apportionment was pro-
vided by which one half was to be divided
according to population and the other half
according to resources. Massachusetts, Con-
necticut, and Rhode Island—for those are the
only three States affected—got their fall pro-
portion under that, law, every dollar of it; and
the State of New York also got its proportion.
It was found that the limit prevented some of
the State banks from coming into the system,
and in July, 1864, an act was passed to allow
State banks, without, regard to the limitation
1 of £;>(Jb,000,0011, to come into the system. Un-
'! der t.ie operation of that law, from July, 1S04,
',! to March, 1SG">, certain banks in the Stales ot
'I Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and
i New York came in, thus exceeding the propor-
tion allotted to them by the law ; but, they had
] not vety far exceeded the proportion up to
■' March. 1805. They had in no case gone over
thirty dollars an inhabitant, because the banks
were slow.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sen-
