1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
there are people in the South who hoard gold
and hoard money, placing it upon special
deposit, and refusing to have it enter upon the
market; and this proposition will induce them
to make purchase of bank stock when they
refuse to purchase Government bonds, in which
tbev have no faith.
1" have said to the Senate that this is a bill
in favor of speculation, and if Senators will
examine it candidly they will come to that
conclusion. I have advised, prior to the action
of the Senate in reference to this bill, banks
in ray own State to avail themselves of the
present price of Government bonds to sell
them and cancel their circulation, that they
might secure their capital from the depreciation
growing out of the fall of Government bonds,
which I believe to be inevitable.
The Senator from Massachusetts has told the
Senate and the country that we are growing
rich, and that he has not seen at any time in
the history of this country so much of extrav-
agance as he sees to-day. I admit that por-
tion of the proposition in which he cites the
extravagance of tke people of the country ;
but it is because the money, the capital, is
unequally distributed ; it is because it is in
accidental hands. He has forgotten the con-
dition in which the commercial interests of the
country are placed. Can he find any comfort
in, an examination of the condition of that
interest? Can he find any comfort in_thc
condition of the interchange of commodities
between this country and Europe or other
parts of the world ? Can he see in the produc-
tion of five bushels of wheat to the acre profit
able occupation for the farmers of the West, in
competition with twenty-eight bushels to the
acre in other counties? When he goes home
to Massachusetts he will find that his indus-
trial and manufacturing interests have assumed
an entirely different condition from that in
which they thought themselves situated when
he came to this Congress. I tell him that in
consequence of the want of profit to those who
are now carrying on the industrial interests of
that State and of New England in two weeks, if
those industrialinterests cease to operate—and
they will certainly cease to operate unless they
can profitably employ their capital—the oper-
atives in the mills will be obliged to appeal to
those who are charitably disposed. I have in
the employment directly under my charge nearly
ten thousand hands ; I know the condition of
that labor : and I know that if the operation of
those mills ceased for two weeks the towns in
which they are located, or those who employ
them, must take care of the operatives. Sen-
ators must look that, fact in the face, ihat
there is any profit in any of the businesses of
the country, except special business, I deny,
and I can bring to bear statements that the
Senator from Massachusetts cannot gainsay.
That there is extravagance, and it is in conse-
quence of the disproportion of money and of the
profits of business, I admit ; and it is incon-
sequence of that disproportion that the country
is in its present perplexed and embarrassed
condition.
The banks of these three States, so far as
my information goes, are dovetailed m with
the industrial interests ot those States, ^ibey
arc managed by those engaged in those inter-
ests. The rateof interest is kept two or three
per cent, below the market price for money.
The stockholders being those who obtain their
recompense from their labor are content with
a very small dividend in consequence of the
interests whereby they obtain employment
being carried on through them. The national
banks of the State of Rhode Island do not de-
clare larger dividends, on the average, than four
per cent, for six months, and it is in conse-
quence of that support of capital to those in-
terests that those interests prosper or have
heretofore prospered.
I said yesterday, and I still adhere to it. that
these banks can be taken bodily from Rhode
Island and transferred to South Carolina, and
in South Carolina they can do the business, not
the manufacturing business in S?uth Carolina,
but the capital thus transferred can be used in
the State of Rhode Island as now, so that there
can be no possiblegain in the movementof this
circulation from Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
and Connecticut to the southern States, because
it can be obviated in the way that I suggest,
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will ask the Senator
why he objects to it, then?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will tell the Senator
why I object to it. I told the Senate yesterday.
I know something about what will promote the
interest of the State of South Carolina. I took
a step in the Senator's own city. They had
confidence in the reputation of successful man-
agement of the industrial interests that I had
achieved, and solicited me to take steps in his
direction ; and he has brought to bear upon me
from time to time the solicitations and other
encouragement directed to promote the in-
dustries of his city. They have confidence in
the skill and the ability which I may be able to
bring to bear upon their interests. This Sen-
ate has no such confidence, I am aware; but
I have a thousand letters from the people of
that section of the country asking that their
localities may be improved. And I will say
here publicly to that Senator that in the pres-
ent condition of the finances of this country,
whereby from day to day almost, and from
year to year, the rates of interest and the
scarcity of capital bccome such that I would
no more think of making an investment, in his
city than I would think of going to the moon,
it would be as suicidal as anything possibly
could be, for long before that investment had
been made the profits of the return growing
out, of that investment would cease to exist.
This capital that, you propose to transfer to
South Carolina will be in the hands of a few
men. A few men will gain the compensation
growing out of this transfer. ^ They obtain this
franchise for the purpose of making money.
If the banks are not taken bodily, as 1 have
suggested, from Rhode island and Connecti-
cut and Massachusetts, they will devote these
means where it will be most profitable for
them toinvest them. They will goto NewYork
and speculate upon the stocks and the money,
as all the country is now speculating upon
stocks and upon money._ They certainly will
not invest in the industrial interests of South
Carolina, for the reason that they are not sure
that at the end of the twelve months that they
must wait for a return from those investments
they will be at all secure. They will therefore
operate with this capital where they may have
quick returns and safety apparently on its face.
They will go to New York with this curi(:t\cy•
They will not loan it to the industrial interests
of these States. Senators may not believe me
now. They may think to the contrary. They
are mistaken in the view they take. I can say
nothing less.
My judgment is appalled at the contem-
plation of the exercise of the terrific powers
granted by this bill. You take from the busi-
ness of the country, as I have heretofore in-
formed you, $20,000,000 of legal tenders, the
most of which are already locked up m the
different banks throughout the country. How
do you take it? By this measure the specu-
lators from South Carolina and the south-
ern States will immediately demand that this
820,000,000 shall be localized and organized
into a capital, and the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency will ask of the banks of the three States of
Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode island
that they immediately sell bonds equivalent to
that amount. The consequence will he that
there will be immediately drawn into the treas-
ury $20,000,000 of legal tenders, the proceeds
of the sales of the $20,000,000 of bonds that
are now deposited in the Treasury for the secui - ■
ity of $20,000,000 of notes issued by banks ;
of those three States. _ j
Gentlemen will say that it, will be lmyne-
diately sent out; but, sir, it willbe sent out into
entirely different enterprises from those irom
which it is taken, and the convulsion upon the
money market of this country, in my judgment,
will startle every business interest to its center.
I speak of these things from deep considera-
tion and from knowledge of this whole sub-
ject. I do not care to speak of the matter of
falsifying a contract made with the States. I
care nothing about that. I care nothing what-
ever about the circulation taken from Rhode
Island. That is a matter of no possible con-
sideration for me. Rhode Island's interest,
if she has any, is in the prosperity of the whole
country. She hasand can have no local inter-
ests of her own.
If the result of this measure should deprive
the stockholders of these various banks of the
interest that they now receive it may be that
the increased rate of interest demanded by the
banks to compensate for this loss would enter
into and enhance the cost of the productions
of those States, which are consumed, not by
those States, but by the States of the West
and of the South. As they supply a very
large portion of different articles totbe western
States, the West, in effect, would pay for it.
They would pay the interest that, they_ now
convey to speculators in the formation ol these
banks: They would pay it in the purchase of
the productions of Rhode Island, Massachu-
setts, and Connecticut.
Senators, there is but one method by which
you can obtain for the South and for the West
capital by which the industries of this country
can be carried on. You may try to cure your
colic by some application to the fingers or the
ears or the legs, instead of the seat of the dis-
ease, as you do by this bill; but you will fail
every time you apply remedies of that sort.
You must resort to the practice that the medi-
cal profession have adopted in such cases. If
they are called upon to curc a colic they pre-
scribe medicines that will in a healthy state
produce colic. You cannot draw capital to
the South unless you first force it into subordin-
ation where it is centralized and located ; and
that is in New York : and then it will gravitate
throughout both the South and West, as water
runs down hill. You have got to " bear the
money where it is localized and make it, cheap
and prevent speculations, and then it will, by
the force of its own operation, go to the South
and the West.
Nothing can possibly be gamed by the pro-
vision suggested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. Jt will not relieve the South. It
will add additional currency which will mevit-
ablv depreciate that which is now afloat. You
cannot add a dollar of new currency without
affecting the value of that which we have at
the present time.
Mr. MORION. Mr. President, one arga*
ment has been made on the other sideiu opposi-
tion to this bill to which I wish very briefly to
reply ; and that is, the argument of good faith,
of fair dealing toward those States that now
have an excess of the national bank currency.
It was said yesterday by the Senator *r°ra
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and has, 1 be-
lieve, been urged by several others, that this
$20,000,000 or any portion of currency could
not be taken from the States having the excess
without a breach of faith, without an absolute
wron". 1 meet that by an unequivocal denial.
When the national banking law was originally
passed it contained this provision:
"That Congress reserves the rjglit at any time to
amend, atteiC or repeal this act."
Every ba.-.k that was organized was organ-
ized upon that distinct understanding. Every
man who invested his money in the stock in-
vested it with the knowledge that Congress had
the right at any time to alter, amend, or repeal
the whole system. '
Mr. GRIMES. Did the people have the
understanding that Congress had the right to
destroy one of those banks and not alt ■
Mr MORTON. It comprehended whatever
; alteration Congress might see proper to make
I 'the kind of alteration is If
i the extent of the amendment specinf, .
! to morrow Congress should come to he con-
! i the whole system should be abol
i ished, would it be pretended that it was an act
I of bad faith to the banks I
