300
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me agkthe Senator
another question. Suppose to-morrow Con-
gress should come to the conclusion or should
desire to say that a particular bank of the city
of New York, for no offense of its own, no
cause, should not have banking privileges at
all, and that bank should be abolished, would
that come fairly under that provision '? Is thai
what that provision means?
Mr. MORTON. I do not think that that
is a case exactly in point—the singling out of
one bank for destruction. If there was any
political reason or sound reason for it, even
that would be morally and legally right. But,
sir, when Congress simply proposes to readjust
this distribution so as to make it approach jus-
tice and equality, although this $20,000,000
wouid not nearly do it, nor twice nor thrice
$20,000,000, what objection can be made to
that upon the ground of bad faith ? The Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has made an
argument, which I think cannot be answered,
that this great excess was obtained really in
violation of the law. laskwhatinjustieethere
can be to the banks in Rhode Island or in Mas-
sachusetts if the Government shall take from
them by some equitable rule, so that it shall
not fall upon one or two, but shall take from
all of them a portion of their excess and give 1
it to some States that have not got any? If
there be any element of injustice or of wrong
in that I am utterly unable to see it.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Indiana to the mode
and manner in which they were compelled to
take this stock. They had their old banks
taxed out of existence. They were compelled
either to go- into the new banks or entirely
abandon the system and seek some other em-
ployment for their capital. They were enticed
to do this as my predecessor, J udge Collamer,
used to tell the story about a man who was
enticed out of a field by a firebrand being
punched at him.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Were not our western
batiks also taxed out of existence in precisely
the same way ?
Mr. MORRILL. Precisely so.
Mr. THURMAN. And yet New England
has thirty-one dollars to the head of currency
and the West has less than seven dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. The Secretary of the
Treasury did all he could to induce the citizens
of Ohio, early and late, to take the stock, and
he did the same with all parts of the country.
I desire to ask the Senator a question, suggested
by the Senator on my left, [Mr. Grimes :] how
much more currency they have in Ohio now
than they had prior to the war ?
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Go on, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have an
answer to the question, if the Senator is pre-
pared to give it.
Mr. THURMAN. Ohio has more bank
capital than before the war; but nothing like
the relative proportion that she had before the
war compared with other States. The vice is
this: that Ohio before the war, under her State
bank system, could supply her people with
such amount of currency as they needed ; now
she cannot do it. She has to borrow from the
New England States and pay tribute to them
for the use of their credit, when she could use
her owncreditaswell if she were not restricted.
Mr. MORTON. I believe I will claim the
floor so as to finish my little speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana will proceed.
Mr. MORTON. The argument that because
the old State banks were taxed out of exist-
ence. therefore they are to have a superior
right to an excess of banking privilege in those
States over other States, I do not recognize.
But, sir, if we admit that argument in its length
and breadth it does not at all meet the ques-
tion, because Massachusetts and Rhode Island
and New York under this banking law have
not only got an excess over other States, but
they have from two to three times the amount
of currency that they had under the old State
bank system. Is not that so?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is so in New York.
Mr. MORTON. It is so in New York, and
I believe it is so in Massachusetts, that they
have perhaps double the amount of currency
that they had before the war. So they have
got back an amount equal to the whole volume
of the State bank currency that they had, and
they have got as much again besides. Then,
so far as the argument of bad faith or injustice
is concerned, there is nothing in it. It Con-
gress chose to repeal the entire system to-
morrow it could not be pretended for a moment
that there was any bad faith in it. Every dol-
lar of this bank stock was subscribed upon the
distinct declaration in the law that Congress
reserved the right to alter, amend, or repeal it
at pleasure; and if Congress may do that, it
may adjust the system to make it more equit-
able.
The Senator from Massachusetts has offered
an amendment, the substance of which is that
$50,000,000 of greenbacks shall be retired by
funding them in ten-forty bonds, and that
$00,000,000 of additional bank circulation may
be issued to the southern States. What is the
first effect of that proposition, should it be car-
ried out? To add $50,000,000 to the bonded
debt of the country, and $2,500,000 of addi-
tional interest to be paid by the Treasury of
the United States every year; in other words,
that the Government is to pay $2,500,000 out
of the Treasury every year for the purpose of
furnishing a plan to give to the South currency
without disturbing New England in the enjoy-
ment of its present excess. Mr. President, for
one, I am opposed to an increase of the funded
debt. I am opposed to adding to the immense
amount of interest that we have to pay from
year to year. I do not believe that there is
any moral obligation resting upon this Govern-
ment to add $2,500,000 a year to the debt in
the way of interest in order to avoid a fancied
injury to States that have got more currency
than they are entitled to.
I will say further that I shall be very glad to
have this matter adjusted without taking from
Rhode Island or Massachusetts or Vermont,
or any State, a single dollar of their currency.
That is not a very agreeable thing to do. New
England has the capital, and she has the right
to employ it in that way if she can ; but still I
do not think there is any ground for saying
that New England would have any right to
complain if some portion of her currency were
taken from her and given lo States that have
got none, thus making the distribution a little
more equitable.
But I understood the Senator fiom Massa-
chusetts yesterday in his argument to say that
he would be glad to have all the greenback
currency retired and national bank currency
substituted in its place. Was I right?
Mr. WTILSON. I said that, and I mean it.
I think it is one of the great misfortunes of
the country that we have got any greenbacks
at all. I think it is one of the hindrances
to coming to specie payments ; but if we are
to have any I wish we could bring them down
to one hundred and fifty or two hundred mil-
lion dollars, where we might redeem them in
specie.
Mr. MORTON. I understood the Senator
correctly. I also understood the Senator from
Oregon, after proposing his amendment that
there should be a transfer—that is to say, there
should be issued to the southern States
$10,000,000 of national bank currency and an
equal amount of greenbacks should be can-
celed in the Treasury—to intimate that that
was the beginning of a policy which he hoped
would be carried out until all the greenbacks
were retired. Mr. President, it occurs to me
that the Senators are somewhat forgetful of a
very recent event in this body. It is but a few
days ago that we passed a bill which was called
"A bill to strengthen the public credit." That
bill contains several pledges. First, it pledges
the Government to pay the bonds in gold,
except those that are expressly payable in cur-
rency on their face. That is thought to be a
very important, pledge, and, it is said, has
exercised a very powerful influence on the
value of our bonds abroad. But it was pro-
vided that none of these bonds should be
redeemed or paid before maturity except upon
the condition that before that time we had
returned to specie payments. In other words,
this pledge was based upon the idea of first
returning to specie payments. Then how are
we to return to specie payments? That bill
indicates the manner, and provides for it by a
solemn pledge. It is contained in this clause:
"And the United States also solemnly pledges its
faith to make provision at the earliest practicable
period for the redemption of the United States notes
in coin."
That was the plan indicated—to provide for
redeeming these notes in coin, not by funding
them into teu-forty bonds. That is the.precise
theory of that bill; and if that pledge is not
good for anything is the pledge thatgoes hefore
it good for anything?
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will permit
mc, he will recollect that I put the question to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
when that bill was under consideration, and
asked him distinctly whether there was any-
thing contained in the bill that would prohibit
the funding of the greenbacks, so called, atid
he responded in the negative.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Anybody can see that.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says anybody
can see that. I can tell him there is one body
who does not see it. I remember the Senator
from Vermont asking the question, and the
chairman of the committee answered it aloud
in the negative, and I answered it aloud in the
affirmative at the same time. The reading of
the bill speaks for itself. If it does not mean
anything, why was it put there? It indicates
the plan by which we were to return to specie
payments, and that is, by providing, not for
funding these notes, but for redeeming them
in coin. There it is written as plainly as it can
be. But the Senator from Maine says that
anybody can see that it allows the funding of
the notes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think so still.
Mr. MORTON. Well, sir, I think I can read
a common English sentence tolerably well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, I suppose the
Senator would argue in this way : that if I have
given him my note of hand payable in coin,
and he says to me afterward, " You need not
trouble yourself to do that; I will takea bond
for it," I must answer, " 1 pledged you that I
would pay it in coin, and I cannot violate my
pledge." What is to prevent parties who have
made a contract from varying it if both agree ?
If a party who has these greenbacks agrees to
take a bond for them—it cannot be done, of
course, without his agreement-—is that a viola-
tion of the promise where by the consent of
the parties it is done? Certainly not.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I submit that
that does not meet the question at all. No-
body doubted that the Government could offer
to the holders of the money on our streetsliere
a hond that they would gladly exchange their
money for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would that be a viola-
tion of the pledge?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly; it would not be
so far as the individual may be concerned, but
it would be to the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly, it would to the
country. There have been several plans for
returning to specie payments urged. One was
a direct plan of providing for the redemption
of the notes in coin, according to the promise
on their face; another was by funding them
into bonds ; and another plan in some other
way. But, sir, when they came to draft this
bill in the committee of conference, and before
its final passage, it was provided, first, that the
bonds should not be payable in gold until after
we had returned to specie payments ; and sec
