1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
ondly, as to how we were to return to specie
payments, that we were at the earliest practi-
cable moment to make provision for redeem-
ing in eoin the notes of tbe United States. Sir,
to give the construction that the Senator does
is to make nonsense of it. It was not simply
providing against what the holder of the green-
back might be willing to take for it. He might
be willing to exchange it for a horse instead of
a bond. That is not the point. But it was a
pledge to the country and the bondholders that
we would return to specie payments, and that
we would do it by making provision at the
earliest moment to redeem our notes in coin.
Sir, the construction given to it by the Sen-
ator makes it nonsense. If a part of this law
can be nullified at so early a period how much
is the rest of it worth? The proposition now is
to fund these greenbacks into bonds; and what
will you put in their place'? An irredeemable
bank currency. That is the proposition, to put
in their place an irredeemable bank currency.
And yet that is called a compliance with the
"act to strengthen the public credit." When
the solemn pledge has been sent out to the
world heralded by a flourish of trumpets, and
out of which millions have been made in the
bond markets, both in this country and Europe,
accompanied by a solemn declaration as to the
mode of returning to specie payments, we are
told within ten days after that time that that pro-
vision may be entirely avoided by funding the
greenbacks into bonds and putting in the place
of the greenbacks before the country an irre-
deemable bank currency. Sir, I denounce that,
if that part of this law is to be nullified, if it is
to be treated as nothing, let the whole of it go
together. When we retire the greenbacks under
the spirit of that law we are to give the peo-
ple something else besides irredeemable bank
paper. But, sir, the proposition that we shall
fund the greenbacks, add to the bonded debt,
and add $2,500,000 to the amount of interest
we have got to pay every year, I cannot agree to.
Mr. President, I think the bill, as it has
been reported by the committee, to transfer
$20,000,000 of bank circulation, is but a very
small remedy after all. The House of Repre-
sentatives passed a bill just before the close of
the last session by a very large majority which
would have resulted in a change of $75,000,000.
It came into the Senate, and on a close vote
the Senate adhered to the original Senate bill
and it was sent back to the House, and I believe
failed for want of time, or perhaps a want of
agreement of a conference committee.
Now, sir, there is one provision of this bill
that I thinkisveryimportant. As I said before,
I shall be sorry to disturb any bank. It is not
a very pleasant thing to do ; but yet it is not so
bad as to do injustice by a grossly inequitable
distribution. The provision to which I refer
is the section allowing the transfer of national
banks. I believe that under the last section
of this bill there will be many banks in the
eastern States asking to be transferred to the
South for the simple reason that they can make
more money down there than they can up here
where there is an excess ol'currency, and where,
of course, bank profits are not so great. Only
last session I introduced a bill for the purpose
Ot authorizing the transfer of a little bank from
Georgetown, m this District, to Chicago. It is
well known that Illinois has a deficiency of
national bank cuirency, and the proprietors of
that bank wanted to transfer it from George-
town to the city of Chicago. It was referred
to the Finance Committee, and I believe they
reported against it, or did not report at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. We reported against it
on the ground that it ought to be done under
general regulation. There were quite a num-
ber of cases of that kind, and we thought the
matter ought to be regulated by a general law.
Mr. MORTON. My opinion is that if you
allow banks to be transferred from one State
to another there are many banks in the eastern
States that would gladly go to the West and to
the South, and by this bill you will produce
but very little disturbance ; that is to say, there
would "not be much that would be forced in
the way of this transfer, but most of it would
be voluntary. But suppose it is not voluntary,
should there not be some measure of justice
accorded to the West and to the South. What
is asked for in this bill is a small remedy, and
in my opinion at is less than will be accepted
by the other House, less by one half than will
be accepted by the other House. This bill
passed the Senate in substance nearly a year
ago ; and the argument of injustice that has
been made here to-day and yesterday was not
made at that time; but the amount was not
sufficient, it was entirely too small; they made
a much larger demand. Now the tactics are
changed, and there is a fight against allowing
any transfer. I should suppose Senators from
the eastern States would be willing to accept
as a reasonable compromise, and certainly a
very liberal one, indeed, to them, the sum of
$20,000,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I listened
during the last session of Congress, as I have
during this so far, to these discussions upon
financial questions, without taking the slightest
part whatever in the debate. I did so for the
reason that notwithstanding all the multifari-
ous schemes which were brought in here with
reference to the subject of finance it was my
opinion that they would all result in nothing,
and that we should not legislate at all, and it
came out so. We had a good many speeches
and a good many schemes and a good many
contrivances ; but they were all found so objec-
tionable to somebody, the majority at least,
that they resulted in nothing except, finally, a
declaration that the Government and people of
this country had hitherto acted in good faith ;
that they made their promises in good faith,
and meant in good faith to redeem them. That
was not strictly legislation, but it was a legis-
lative declaration which was deemed of con-
siderable consequence to the country. In that
I united. It troubled the honorable Senator
from Indiana; it oppressed his mind ; it seemed
to fix itself somehow or other upon him as a
terrible mistake ; and the moment that any one
speaks of it in a manner at all antagonizing
with hi3 notions he seems to designate every-
thing that does not square with them as non-
sense—a very broad term ; a little unparlia-
mentary, I should say; rather uncivil as applied
to a Senator in this body when he makes a
remark, and rather indicative, I may be per-
mitted to say, of a confidence in his own judg-
ment and knowledge and perfect mastery of
this very abstruse subject which perhaps others
do not possess to the same degree that he has
himself.
I have a right to say this because the Sen-
ator has*treated me discourteously. It is not
the proper language to apply to a Senator, and
repeat over and over again in the face of the
country, that he talks nonsense.
Mr. MORTON. I did not say that the Sen-
ator had talked nonsense that I am aware of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator said the
construction 1 put upon the act was nonsense,
and I do not know how to make a distinction
between that and an accusation that 1 was
talking nonsense.
Mr. MORTON. I was not alluding partic-
ularly at that time to the Senator's construc-
tion. But I ask the Senator if that is any more
discourteous than for him to say to me from his
seal while i was speaking, urging a particular
view, that anybody could see that the other
view was true? I will ofiset one discourtesy by
the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That remark was not
made to the Senator. It was made in answer
to a question which I was not aware the Sen-
ator had disputed, put by another Senator,
whether a certain construction wasnotcorrect.
I answered that question by saying that any-
body could see that. I was not aware that the
honorable Senator didnotseeit, and I express
my surprise now that he has not been able to
see it to this day.
Mr. MORTON. I had just been urging the
other construction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a little astonishing
to me, and I confess I can only account for it
upon this principle: that the idea which the
Senator developed here at the beginning of the
last session has so taken possession of his brain
thai he cannot see that anything which at all
opposes that view is other than nonsense.
Now, he will allow me to tell him that there
are members of this Senate who do not agree
with him. I do not think his bill ever made any
very great progress. I am not aware that it
ever produced a profound effect upon the mind
of any Senator except the Senatorirom Indiana
himself.
Allow me to say, with regard to this particular
measure of which the Senator spoke, a word or
two since it has been designated as nonsense.
What do we say in it? We say to the world
that we will pay our interest-bearing obliga-
tions in coin at the earliest practicable moment,
and we say to the world that we will pay the
greenbacks, as they are called, in coin at the
earliest practicable moment. What was that
meant for? What was the object of that ? The
object was simply to tell the world that when
wo issued this paper we did not mean to cheat
them, and to say to the people of this country,
" When we promised to pay you dollars we
meant dollars, and we mean to redeem that
promise." We do not say in that bill that we
mean to do it to-day, or to-morrow, or next
day, or next year ; but that these promises kept
in circulation, the day will come, and the day
shall come as soon as we can bring it about
consistently, when we will redeem all outstand-
ing obligations of that kind in coin. That is
all it is. We give that assurance. Now, sir,
before that day comes that we can pay them
in coin, if they should be presented, and we,
with the consent of the holders, should pay
them in something else, I take it that we have
redeemed our obligation withoutpaying in coin,
and have not violated that. Or is it the con-
clusion of the Senator, as he talks about non-
sense, that inasmuch as we have promised to
pay them in coin at some time we cannot pay
them, even with the consent of the holders, at
any other time with anything else without
violating our obligation? Is that such excel-
lent sense? Why, sir, it is a common case,
nothing more nor less than that which every
business man understands.
I promise to pay in anything, no matter what,
and put it on paper, " 1 will pay in wheat" or
"pay in corn," but before the time arrives, or
before I have paid, 1 declare that I mean to
pay, and I promise that I will, at some time
or other when 1 am able, and al the earliest
practicable moment: but before that time comes
about the man holding my note says, " Here,
I am content not to wait until you can pay me
in coin or in wheat, but I will take something
else that you have, and receive that in pay-
ment," and I say, "Very well, I will pay that;"
is that a violation of the obligation to pay in
corn or in wheat ?
Now, to apply it to this ease: we promised to
pay in coin at the earliest practicable moment,
but before that practicable moment arrives we
say to our creditors holding our paper, " If you
choose to take them we will give you bonds
bearing a certain rate of interest for it." The
Senator from Indiana says it is a gioss viola-
tion of the obligation to make the offer. Ilow
so ? Suppose the creditor takes it. have I vio-
lated my promise? Will any lawyer sav so?
Will any moralist say so? Is it any violation
of the contract when the parties consent to
waive its terms and allow it to be performed
in something else? That is a matter between
them, and it in no violation whatever, in any
shape or form, of the contract. If the Sena-
tor chooses to designate that as nonsense he
may call it so if he pleases. I am perfectly
| willing that the country shall compare my prop-
|i osition with reference to it with his, which he
!i considers to be such admirable sense.
11 I see no difficulty whatever in that: but I
lj wish to make one other remark with retcrence
ji to the ground that is taken by Senators here,
i! J see no such great trouble myself in increas-
" ing the amount of our interest, if the country
