302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 26,
is to gain by it. I am onet>f those who think
that the condition of affairs arising from a de-
preciated currency is a very much greater injury
to the country than the increase of the amount
of interest to be paid, if thereby we can bring
the currency baek to a correct and sound con-
dition. I believe that the country is losing
every day, on account of the condition of the
currency, vastly more than it would possibly
lose if we could transfer to-morrow every dol-
lar that we owe in greenbacks into bonds at
five or even six per cent, interest. And yet
what do gentlemen say? The moment you
suggest that it would be well by degrees to take
out of the market this paper which makes the
depreciated currency and substitute for it some-
thing which is interest-paying, for the sake and
with the purpose of returning to a sound con-
dition of things, gentlemen who declaim the
loudest against the currency as it stands and
its evil effects turn around upon us and say
that it will not do at all to increase the interest-
paying obligations of the country.
Sir, that is a question of whether we gain or
lose by it. I have heard the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana himself contend that this
condition of affairs was the occasion of great
daily, weekly, yearly loss to the country. If
it is so, what is the question for the country to
settle? Do we lose more by it from its effect
upon industry than we should lose if we could
get rid of it and increase our interest-bearing
obligations ? That is the question. I believe
we should. Senators may believe otherwise,
and if so they will act otherwise, of course. I
see no objection, in the view I take of it, to the
principle of the proposition made by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts to substi-
tute bank currency for the greenback currency,
if thereby you can make a step, and follow that
step up, toward the resumption of specie pay-
ments.
Another thing has surprised me. Gentle-
men who argue that we should return to that
condition of things just as quick as possible
at the same time say, "You cannotdo it if you
are obliged to contract the greenback currency
in doing iL" Allow me to say that I do not
see the logic of that. How in the world are
you to get back to specie payments until you
take your obligations, for which you must pay
specie, out of the market? What stands in the
way of specie payments? Is it anything but
the obligation of the Government to pay these
greenbacks? Is there anything else that pre-
vents a return? Suppose they were out of the
way to-day, could not the Government return
to specie payments at once?
Mr. HOWE. The banks could not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking of
the banks ; I am speaking of the Government,
now it is to be brought about, how both are
to resume at the same time without producing
a revolution in business, is another question;
but the simple matter for the Government is
the payment of the greenbacks; and yet the
moment gentlemen begin to argue on this mat-
tertheysay "do not contractin other words,
"do not pay a dollar." Sir, I approved of the
bill we had, while it lasted, to contract at the
rate of $4,000,000 a month; and why? Be-
cause we were going on toward resumption.
I approve, therefore, of any step like that sug-
gested by my honorable friend at my left, [Mr.
Williams,] to issue $10,000,000 more of bank
paper and take in at the same time $10,000,000
of greenbacks; and why? It is the beginning
of a system of substituting bank currency for
the greenback currency; that greenback cur-
rency standing in the way of resumption, so far
as the Government is concerned, going along
at so reasonable and slow a rate that you may
at some time or other, within some reasonable
period, come to the conclusion at which you
wish to arrive. I see no objection to that, but
I do see an utter inconsistency in talking about
the necessity of resuming specie payments and
at the same time protesting against, any reduc-
tion of the greenback currency, which prevents
our return, so far as the Government is con-
cerned. As I remarked before, how you are
to do it, with what degree of rapidity, must be
determined somewhat by experience and some-
what, of course—altogether, if you please—by
the consideration of what is best for the inter-
est of the country, what you can do without
producing an injury to the business of the
country. That is the only thing I look at.
I do not at all agree, I must be allowed to
say to the honorable Senator from Indiana,
with his idea that when we have two articles in
the market at the same time, such as coin and
currency, and we want to bring them both to
the same value, we are to buy up and lay aside
all we can of one, that which is worth the most,
in order to make the other equal to it. That
is to say, you are to make that which is dearest
now so much dearer by pocketing it all and
keeping it out of the market in order to raise
the other, which is so much cheaper, up to the
same value. That is contrary to the experience
of mankind. If we have two articles of mer-
chandise in the market of unequal value and
we wish to bring them to the same standard, we
do not buy up one and take it out of the mar-
ket—that which is worth most—in order to
bring the other up to it, leaving a surplus of the
cheapest and making the other as scarce as
possible. That would hardly accomplish the
purpose ; and yet that is the simple system of
the honorable Senator from Indiana, if I under-
stand it.
But, sir, I did not rise to comment upon
that. It was simply to protest that there is
nothing, in my judgment, that is to affect the
question so well, if we will only begin it, as to
go upon the idea of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] although he goes too
far now, or of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams;] andthatis,to substitute, as fast as
you can, one for the other. I have never had
any idea that you could reach it in any other
way, and you must take steps toward it at some
time or other, and when you do that is what
you will have to do, in my judgment. But, sir,
I did not rise to make a financial speech, and
should not have risen at all had I not been
forced to do so by the honorable Senator from
Indiana.
In regard to the measure before the Senate,
I will say that I do not think the unfairness, as
it is called, of the present condition of things
has been quite fairly stated. I voted for this
bill at the last Congress ; and why ? I voted
for it in order to avoid a worse one. Either
proposition was bad enough and unjust enough,
in my judgment; but I saw that we had got to
take something, and therefore I was glad to
take this bill as it stood, because I thought, in
the first place, it would meet the necessities
of the case, and, in the next place, *t would
not be so injurious as other -propositions that
were made.
I do not want to repeat at any length what
has been said by gentlemen; but there has
been some mistake. I should like to ask my
honorable friend, the Senator from Ohio,
whether, when we fixed the rate at 3300,000,000
for the whole country, we took into the con-
sideration at all the confederate States, whether
they were considered or to be considered?
M>r. SHERMAN. T shall have to answer that
question in the affirmative, because the Secre-
tary of the Treasury suggested §300,000,000
on the ground that it was nearly twice as
much as the highest point to which our paper
currency had ever gone in this country,
§186,000,000 being the highest point and
$300,000,000 was a maximum limit amply suf-
ficient. I think the whole country was con-
sidered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then why did not the
law say so, or why did not the Secretary of the
Treasury make a calculation and keep out of
the $300,000,000 the amount which would go
to the southern States when they were restored ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That was done. I can
show the Senator the published statements that
all these States were included, and under the
bill of 1803, as originally framed, no portion of
that currency winch was allotted to the south-
ern States could by possibility have gone to
the others. One half was to be distributed
according to population ; and it was not until
the act of July, 1864, which repealed that pro-
vision, that there was any difficulty in regard
to this distribution. That was afterward modi-
fied by the act of 1865.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Sen-
ator knows as well as I do the very great effort
that was made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and by all conneoted with this matter from
the beginning to induce men to enter into this
system and establish thasebanks, and he knows
very well how difficult it was to start the sys-
tem ; he knows very well how much opposed
to it the capitalists of the country were; he
knows very well what an admirable system we
had in New England at the time ; how unwill-
ing New England was, and how unwilling New
York was to move from their position. They
had a paper currency as good as possibly could
be made and a well-founded one, a well-regu-
lated one; and we had to legislate here, and
legislate over and over again, to compel them
to give up that currency and compel them to
take the national bank notes. It was so in
regard to Pennsylvania for a long period. The
Senator recollects that.
Now, what were we doing at that time ? As
a matter of history let us look at it. For what
was that bill designed? For two purposes: in
the first place, to give the country a better cur-
rency; to prevent the State banks from con-
trolling the operations of the Government in
regard to currency in time of war by the power
they had under State charters to issue to almost
any conceivable amount either with law or iti
violation of law; and in the next place, to give
the Government the control of funds by taking
its bonds as the foundation of the banks. Now,
with reference to those two objects the Senator
well recollects the difficulty which the Govern-
ment had to impress those ideas on the coun-
try ; the appeals that were made to those parts
of the country which had capital to come for-
ward and relieve the Government by entering
into the new system. There is nothing more
unfounded than the talk about New England
and New York or other sections of the coun-
try grasping at this, striving to get more than
their share. Let our southern friends recol-
lect that New England and New York were
appealed to to advance their capital—for what?
To enable the Government to carry on war
against the States which they now represent.
They come forward and tell us, I think with
not a very good grace, that they are treated
unfairly ; they are treated unkindly because
this capital is now held by certain States when
it was afterward forced upon those States to
enable the country to sustain itself against the
States which they now represent and which
were the occasion of the whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to correct
my friend on a matter of fact as to the time
this inequality arose, the time this disputed
circulation was put out. Every dollar of it
was issued after the war was over. At the
close of the war, and for months afterward,
the inequality did not exist. I have the tables
here showing it. Since the first of October,
1865, after all the rebel armies were disbanded,
the amount of banking circulation of Massa-
chusetts was increased over twenty million
dollars, and Rhode Island was increased from
$4,000,000 to $13,000,000, and Connecticut
from $11,000,000 to $19,000,000. The amount
issued to those three States on the 1st of
October, 1865, was $60,725,000, and now it
is $96,890,000, so that the actual amount of
circulation issued to these three States after
the 1st of October, 1865, was over thirty-six
million dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not disposed to
make any question about that; I am talking
about the complaint of wrong and injury ; I
want our southern friends to reflect upon the
reason why these States were called upon. I
know those States are represented now by
loyal gentlemen, and I know they represent
loyal men; but when they complain that cer-
tain States have moro than their share it is
