804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
is concerned, the Senator owes it entirely to
himself; I did not begin it. I can only say
that while I have for many years admired the
Senator from Maine, and have always listened
to him with pleasure, yet he never appears so
little entertaining or so little instructive as when
he assumes to lecture the Senate, or lecture
any member of the Senate in the style which
he has indulged in this afternoon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg the Senator to
understand me. He talks about lecturing the
Senate. Let him understand that so far as any
lecturing of mine is concerned it was addressed
to the Senator, and I beg him to understand
also that he does not constitute the Senate, but
only a part of it.
Mr. MORTON. That is very true, Mr.
President. These little flings I care nothing
about. I do not think they would even become
one of my age in the Senate. I can stand them
if he can afford to make them. I simply spoke
of the Senator lecturing the Senate, as he
sometimes does, and he has assumed to lecture
me particularly this afternoon ; and, as it will
turn out, upon an entire mistake, for I did not
say what he imputed to me. It is very easy
even for that Senator to be mistaken. He should
be sure he is right before he goes ahead in such
a style.
Mr. FESSENDEN. True.
Mr. MORTON. Now, Mr. President., one
word in regard to the recent law, which I said
the Senator's construction would make non-
sense of. The general declaration of the act
to strengthen the public credit was that the
payment of the bonds in gold must be preceded
by a return to specie payments, and then the
next declaration was that the Government
would take the earliest practicable steps to
redeem the legal-tender notes in gold, to pro-
vide for their payment in coin. When we are
told in a few days after passing that act that it
would be perfectly consistent with that pledge
to the nation that we should make provision
to fund all of those notes into ten-forty bonds,
and thus offer a premium of at least six or
seven per cent, to the people to convert their
money into bonds, and then give to the whole
country in lieu of those notes which we have
promised to redeem in coin at the earliest mo-
ment an irredeemable bank circulation worth
not more than seventy-five cents on the dollar;
when I am told that that is a redemption of
that pledge, I mast say that if so the law was
nonsense; not that the distinguished Senator
who made the declaration was uttering non-
sense, for that cannot be thought of for a
moment.
Sir, so far as that pledge was concerned, I
did not vote for the bill, but I said at the time
that it was worth all the rest of the bill. I
said it was the only redeeming feature in that
bill. It was put into that bill, as I happened
to know, for the express purpose of enabling
the bill to pass the other House. I was as-
sured upon the committee of conference that
without that the bill could not receive the sanc-
tion of the Hou.se of Representatives. It was
put in there to mean something : it does mean
something ; and there can be no hair-splitting
constructions, there can be no fine-spun the-
ories which can deprive that language of its
force and meaning. It was a solemn pledge
that this Government would attempt to bring
us back to specie payments, not by withdraw-
ing its currency and giving us an irredeemable
bank currency for the payment of which in
specie there was no provision. There was a
distinct and solemn pledge that the Govern-
ment would attempt to return to specie pay-
ments by providing at the earliest practicable
moment for the payment of its notes in coin.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us finish this bill.
Mi-. SUMNER. You cannot finish it. There
are other amendments to be moved.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
finish it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from South Carolina give way for that
motion ?
Mr. SAWYER. I want but three minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina has the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Maine
has alluded to the sacrifices of New England
to support the Government during the war.
Let me say that that Senator can attribute to
New England no praise which I shall notwill-
ingly agree with him in. Inside of the walls
of the rebellion, in a beleaguered city, while
my friends were without, I admired as much
as he or any other son of New England could
the attitude which my native section had taken
in that.contest. He can, therefore, utter no
word of enconium upon his State or any other
New England State in which I shall not as
heartily join as any Senator upon this floor.
But I submit that while New England made
those sacrifices at that time, while she came
forward with her men and her means and with
her heart in the cause of the Union, that is no
reason why at this time she should not be will-
ing to give up some of those privileges which
we think she has got in opposition to the spirit
of the national banking law to restore and
resuscitate the material interests of the South,
and place that section of the country in a
position to render to the cause of the nation
what she is able to do.
We ask this, not because it helps South Caro-
lina or Louisiana alone, but we ask that we
shall have these banking privileges given to us
as a means of assisting ourselves and the coun-
try in resuming our prosperity. I cannot put
out of sight the fact that the Senators who
speak for the other side of this question claim
that all this currency was distributed to the
people of New England againsttheir will, when
it is the fact that the part of which complaint
is made here wentto them in 1865, just before
the time when the ten per cent, tax which
attached to the State bank circulation came
into force, 011 the 1st of January, 1866, if I
remember rightly. The excess which these
States now have of the national bank circula-
tion came to them after the war was closed,
after every confederate soldier had laid down
his arms, and when it ceased to be a question
of doubt whether it would be a profitable mat-
ter to engage in national banking.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not. Let us finish
this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do hope we shall 
Mr. GRIMES. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Brake, Fepsenden, Crimes,
Ilamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Kellogg, McDonald,
Nyo, Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Seott, Sprague,
Stcwait, uinner, Tipton, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Cattcll, Corbett. Davis, Edmunds,
Fenton, Fowler, Gilbert, Harris, McCreery, Morrill,
Morton, Oaborn, Rice, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers,
Warner, and Willey—29.
ABSENT—Messrs.Casserly.Conkling,Ferry, Ham-
ilton, Norton, Patterson, Robertson, Saulsbury, and
Sehurz—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Williams] to the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson. ]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, as modified.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear it
The amendment was read.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POOL. Before that vote is taken I
wish to offer an amendment to the amendment.
I move to strike out in the first section, after
the word "dollars" in line ten, the words:
And in issuing said circulating notes preference
shall be given to banking associations in States and
sections of Ihecountry not adequately supplied with
banking facilities.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
And'the increase of circulating notes hereby author-
ized shall be distributed among the States and Ter-
ritories having less of circulating notes than an equal
proportion according to population, and so as to
equalize the distribution of such circulation among
such States and Territories on the basis of population.
I offer the amendment because it does not
seem to me that the expression in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts in regard to how this amount shall be
distributed that is providedfor meets the views
we have. My amendment is a copy from the
original bill in regard to distribution.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
I will accept his amendment.
Mr. POOL. Very well.
ThePRESIDENTprofempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts accepts the amendment.
Mr. POOL. Then I have a word to say in
regard to the general proposition. The bank-
ing law passed in 1864 has very serious objec-
tions to it, according to my view. In the first
place, I do not think that the law ought origin-
ally to have been passed authorizing these
great privileges without requiring a decrease
in the interest upon the bonds deposited as a
pledge. The hardship that has been referred
to here in regard to the southern portion of
this Union is twofold. In the first place, we
have what is equivalent to no banking circula-
tion at all there, while in the northern States
there is an excess, a redundancy of the circu-
lating medium. But, in addition to that, we are
obliged to pay taxes to meet a large amount
of interest upon the bonds which are pledged
by the banking corporations in the North that
have this redundancy, and which add to their
banking operations and make the profits to
them larger than they ought to be, and larger
than is necessary to induce capital to go into
the banking business.
There is another objection to the banking
law, and it is connected with this. The objec-
tion is that it put a limit on the amount of
circulation. Why was that limit put on ? There
was no limit to the banking circulation of this
country before the war. Why in your bank-
ing law was a limit put on ? There is a need
in the various sections of this country for bank-
ing capital which will always con trol the amount
of capital to be employed in the various sec-
tions unless there is some artificial stimulus
to the disposition to go into the banking busi-
ness, and that artificial stimulus was applied
in your law by allowing this great amount of
interest to be paid upon the bonds, and the
result was that New England went into it to
the extent that it did, not so much because it
desired a great amount of banking capital as
because there was a stimulus in the large
amount of interest that was paid upon the
bonds, which was an addition to the profit?.
In other words, I believe that in adjusting
this banking system it is just that we should
reduce the interest on the bonds; and I have
prepared an amendment which it is my pur-
pose to introduce at some time, and I shall
present it now unless there is a postponement
of the further consideration of the question, to
the effect that the $300,000,000 restriction on
theamountof circulation shall be repealed, and
thebonds which have hereto fore been deposited,
after the 1st day of January, 1870, shall draw
but three per cent, interest, while those which
may hereafter be deposited for any additional
amount of banking capital shall draw but three
per cent, while they are so 011 deposit.
The condition of the southern States at the
