, - v?
1869.
THE COlsTCrRlSSIOMA.I  ^GLOIHE.
■■m
present time in regard to banking capital is not
only unjust to them, but unfair. We do not
claim to do any injury to any one.; but we find
that in the States of New England there are
from thirty to fifty_dollars, perhaps^ sixty dol-
lars per capita in circulation, while in my State
and some of the other southern States ther.
are not more than twenty cents per capita
That is unfair; it is unjust; it cramps and" it
trammels the whole operation of the industries
of that section. Gentlemen who are not con-
versant with it, and who have not been there
and seen the condition of things, may not be
aware of the extent to which the industries of
that section are cramped for the want of bank-
ing capital.
When I hear gentlemen talk about specie
payments, when I hear them talk about a sound
financial basis, it always occurs to me that they
are speaking about theories and not of what is
really the practical sense of this question. If
we ever have a sound financial basis in this
country it must be dug out of the soil by pro-
ductive labor. As long as a large section of
this country, which I in part represent, is de-
pressed in its labor, while it is not producing
one fifth of its capacity, there will never be a
sound financial system in this nation. The
road to a sound financial system and to specie
payments is to encourage the industrial inter-
ests of the southern portion of the country, to
encourage the industrial interests of that great
producing section which before the war pro-
duced the great staple of cotton, and turned
the balance of trade in our favor; encourage
it by friendly legislation ; encourage it by giving
it a circulation that will enable those who are
desirous of promoting the industries there to
make that section produce to the extent of its
capacity. Then the result will be that you will
have the balance of trade in your favor; you
will have the prosperity of the country en-
hanced, and that will enhance the bonds in
value ; it will make the circulating notes that
are based on the pledge of those bonds much
more efficacious to the end for which they were
issued than they are now.
But gentlemen come forward and say that
* there is no way to get at this without doing
injustice to other parties. I am not disposed
to do injustice to any one. I know that the
bill which was reported here from the commit-
tee does withdraw a part of the circulation from
New England, and perhaps it may do injustice
to individuals in New England, I mean to those
persons who are engaged in banking, and to
some individuals who may be connected with
the banking interests of that section. And when
the Senator from Massachusetts introduces an
amendment by which we can have $50,000,000
of banking capital in the southern States in the
place of §20,000,000, as proposed in the bill,
without doing any injustice to New England or
to other States, without withdrawing anything
from their present circulation, I must confess
that my preference is for the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
It is objected that that withdraws from cir-
culation some of the greenbacks. Let them be
withdrawn. I cannot see that that does any
great harm. It is said that the proposition is
to fund the greenbacks and to pay interest ou
them. Well, sir, I believe that when we owe
a debt and it is due, if we want a further ex-
tension upon it we ought to be willing to^ pay
interest on it. But if that amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is not adopted,
then we come back to the original bill, and
what is that? That we withdraw from the
circulation ofthose States having a redundancy
a certain amount, $20,000,000, to be distrib-
uted among all the southern and western States.
Does that remedy the difficulty? Is that just?
The single State of Pennsylvania has of this
banking circulation £38,772,000, nearly thirty-
nine millions, which is double as much as is
here proposed for the whole of the southern
States. The State of New York alone has
nearly sixty-nine millions, more than three
times as much as is proposed by this bill to be
41st CoNft. 1st Sess.—No. 20.
given to the whole of the souther# States;
supposing the western States get no part of.it
whatever I do not think that that $20,000,000
is sufficient. I do not think it is fair to cut
those States off with that amount. I should
therefore ask to increase it, if it should ever
come to that.
Mr. President, my own view upon this sub-
ject is that the true way out of all this dif-
ficulty, to do injustice to nobody, is to repeal
so much of the banking act as restricts the
circulation to $300,000,000, to allow free bank-
ing throughout this country, and to base it upon
bondsdrawing but three per eent. interest, and
then after a certain lapse of time to be desig-
nated, either the 1st of January, 1870, or be-
fore or after that time, require those which
now have bonds on deposit to take but tlnee
per cent, upon them while they stand as pledges
of the banks. In that way, if there were only
$300,000,000 taken, it would save $9,000,000
a year to this Government; and, if it were
doubled, as some gentlemen seem to think it
might be, it would save $18,000,000 a year to
this Government. If, when this law originally
was passed, there had been a requirement that
the bonds, while they were on deposit, should
draw but three per cent, interest, I have no
doubt this capital would have been taken just
as it was; and from that time to the present
the Government would have saved in the
way of interest from seventy to ninety million
dollars.
1 have made these remarks, Mr. President,
without intending to do so, not supposing that
the question would come up just now. 1 have
statistics here which show the great inequality
of the distribution of this circulation ; but it
is unnecessary to trouble the Senate with them,
as the question is generally understood among
Senators, and as it is admitted on all hands that
the inequality is very great, very unjust, and
that something ought to bo done by which
relief shall be extended to that section of the
country which is now suffering for the want of
friendly legislation upon this head. The only
objection that I hear on the part of Senators
is that in granting that relief to that section
of the country you may be doing injustice to
others. It is my impression that the only fair
way to do it is to -let men bank upon a free
banking system ; but if that fails I shall vote
first for the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts. If that fails, I shall then
endeavor to amend the bill by making it
$50,000,000 or $40,000,000 instead of $20,-
000,000; and if all else fail, I will take as a
mere pittance, as the best I can get, feeling
though that injustice is done to my section,
what the committee propose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to submit a
morion that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet ou Monday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from North Carolina yield the floor?
Mi. POOL. I do, for that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion will be entertained if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the entertain-
ment of the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion cannot be entertained except by general
consent without postponing or disposing of the
pending bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, then, that the
bill be laid aside for the purpose of enabling
me to submit that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is laid aside as a
matter of course that displaces it. I hope the
Senator will not do that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then withdraw your
objection to the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a
vote being taken upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all that is asked.
Mr. CHANDLER. The objection is with-
drawn.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The objec-
tion is withdrawn. - The question is- on the
motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DRAKE. On that motion I calj'for
the yeas and nays. '
The yeas and nays were ordered ^ and being
taken resulted—yeas 35, nays 22; as follows-:
YEAS—Messsrs. Abbott, Bayard, Btownlow. Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cassoeiy, C>itteU,
Chandler, Fowler, Gilbert, Grimes, Harlan. Harris,
Howard, Kellogg, MeCreery, Morrill, Morton, Nye,
Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Sawyer, Seliurz, Scott,
Spencer,Spragne, Stewart, Stockton,Sumner,i'luty-
er.Tliuiman, Trumbull, and Yates-—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bovoman, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Fessenden, llamlin,
Howe, McDonald, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rise,
Robertson, Sherman, Vickcra, Warner, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Edmunds, Fori ton,
Perry, Hamilton, Norton, Itotfs, Saulsbury, and Tip-
ton—9.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. With the permission of the
Senator from North Carolina, if he will allow
me, I wish to make a motion to proceed to tjj6
consideration of executive business.
Mr. POOL. In one moment. Without pro-
longing my remarks any further I offer an
amendment, which I desire to have printed, so
that it may be seen. Now I will give way to
the Senator from Maine.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that amendnjentwill
be printed.
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir ; I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore; The order
to print will be entered.
executive session.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
iiouse bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolution re-
ceived from the House of Representatives were
severally read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs:
Abill(H. R. No. 266)forthe relief of Abram
G. Snyder, of the Watervlict arsenal, at West
Troy, New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Major
Francis McKee, of Smith county, Tennessee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of Cap-
tain George E. Grisham, of Tennessee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 209) for the relief of Wil-
liam E. Byrd, of Hancock county, State of
Tennessee;
A bill (11. R. No. 270) for the relief of Henry
B. Mears;
A bill (H. R. No. 271) for the relief of Col-
onel Samuel W. Price, of the twenty-first
Kentucky volunteers; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) for the
relief of Francis S. McDonald.
The bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of
Alfred E. Brooks, postmaster at Ilkm, New
York, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee' on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Tiie joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) for the
relief of Alfred B. Winslow, postmaster of
Portland, Maine, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 51) author-
izing the transfer of certain appropriations
heretofore made was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
general's oiiihf of staff.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration House bill No. 237. It
will take but a moment, and will give rise to no
discussion. It will save $1,000 a year to the
Government.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the, Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 237) to abolish
the office of chief of staff to the General of the
Army. .
Tiie bill was reported fcO the Senate without
