Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL * GL03®
March 26,
Washington, tod was adopted to the exclusion
6f other maobiaes. It is simple in construc-
tion and easily repaired. .The saving to the
Governmerit in-the arsenal at Watervlietby the
adoption of this machine had amounted in a
limited time to $116,184. The Committee on
Military Affairs of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
had recommended an appropriation of $15,000
for the relief of the applicant.
Mr. WASHBURN, of. Massachusetts. I
Bsove the previous questioa oa the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I more that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Before
tke.vot# is taken on that motion 1 desire to say
a few, words.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe, on the gentle-
man's own motion, the previous question was
ordered.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the bill contain
an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. MAYNARD. I submit that it should
have its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman raises the
paint of order too late. If it Jiad been raised
at the proper moment it would have been good.
The questioa was taken on Mr. Scofiej-d's
motion; and there were—ayes 28, noes 54 ;
no quoru m. voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
and Mr. Washburn of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
• The House divided; aad the tellers report-
ed—ayes 38, noes 65.
. So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read thethird time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
francis m. m'keb.
Mr. STOKES, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief
of Major Francis M. McKee, of Smith county,
Tennessee ; which was read a first and second
ti,Bie.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Major Francis M. Mclvee, of
Smith county, Tennessee, the.sum of $585, for
services rendered during the late war as a spy
and guide in the Union Army.
From the report of t.he Committee of Claims,
which was read, it appears that from the 1st
day of April to the 1st day of August, 1863, the
claimant being a native of Tennessee, a zealous
Union man, an ingenious spy, and a bold and
fearless scout and guide, was employed by
Colonel Crook, of the United States Army,
then a major general of volunteers, having a
general command, with his headquarters at
Carthage, Tennessee, as a scout and spy, at the
rate of sixty-five dollars a month. The com-
mand of General Crook was such as to authorize
him by the regulations of the War Department
to employ a spy and pay him with any public
funds under his di rection. General Crook, being
suddenly ordered to take command at Murfrees-
boro', Tennessee, omitted to provide for the
payment of the claimant. _ lie was thereafter
continued in the same service at the headquar-
ters of Colonel William B. Stokes, who suc-
ceeded General Crook in the command, and by
other officers, until he bad served nine months,
without receiving any pay for his service^. The
committee therefore report a bill for his relief.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES msved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george e. gkisham.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief
of Captain George E. Grisham, of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, requires the Pay-
master General of the United States to pay
George E. Grisham, of Tennessee, late cap-
tain of company J, eighth Tennessee volunteer
cavalry, as captain of cavalry from October 5,
1863, to April 21, 186*.
Mr. WOOD. Is there any evidence or testi-
mony to satisfy the House that this claim should
be paid?
Mr. STOKES. I will explain briefly this
bill, and 1 think my explanation will be satis-
factory to this House. This claimant organ-
ized a company for the Federal Army. He
was not able to find a mustering officer at the
time his company was first filled, and when
he did find one he had lost some twenty men
from death, sickness, and missing. He was
therefore obliged to recruit more men to fill his
company. On arriving at Nashville he had the
requisite number of men, and had been in ser-
vice at the head of his company doing duty for
more than six months.
Mr. WOOD. My inquiry of the gentleman
is whether he has any documentary evidence
oi report from any Department of the Govern-
ment in support of this claim?
Mr. STOKES. We have the evidence of
the commanding officers and others corrobor-
ating the statement I have made. But Cap-
tain Grisham could not be paid, because he had
not been mustered in as an officer, although he
had served more than six months as the cap-
tain of his company. The only remedy left to
him was to come to Congress and ask that jus-
tice be done. 1 assure the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] and every other mem-
ber upon this floor that no more just claim has
ever been presented to Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I rise to a point
of order, that this bill makes an appropriation,
and therefore must receive its first considera-
tion in Committee of the Whole,
The SPEAKER. The point oforder is made
too late, however good it might have been, had
it been made in time.
Mr. STOKES. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
maiu question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read thethird time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william e. bybd
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 269) for the
relief of William E. Byrd, of Hancock county,
in the State of Tennessee; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the-sum of $1,000
to William E. Byrd, of Hancock county, Ten-
nessee, for services rendered the United States
during the lata rebellion as pilot and guide,
the same to be in full compensation for said
services.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. _ I raise the point
of-order that this bill appropriates money, and
must receive its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
insisted upon the .Chair will be obliged to
sustain it., '
Mr. STOKES. I appeal to the justice and
magnanimity of the gentleman not to press his
point of order.
Mr. J ON ES, of Kentucky. As the gentle-
man appeals to my sense of •justice and mag-
nanimity to withdraw my point of order I will
do so.
Mr. STOKES. I call the previous question
on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harriet r. clinton.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I have been in-
structed by the Committee of Claims to report
a bill for the relief of Harriet R. Clinton.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Harriet R. Clin-
ton, widow of Charles W. Clirrton, late second
lieutenant of the first regiment of Wisconsin
cavalry, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of !j>724, Cor
military services rendered by her late husband
from October 1, 1863, to March 29, 1864, he
having died in the field without having been
mustered into the service of the United States.
Mr. WOODWARD. I raise the point of
order that this bill contains an appropriation,
and must be first considered in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Then Iask leave
to withdraw the bill.
The bill was accordingly withdrawn.
1'ranuis s. m']?onald.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of Francis S. McDonald ; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution; w.hieh was read, directs
the Secretary of War to cause to be paid to
Francis S. McDonald the full pay and emolu-
ments of a second lieutenant of the third Min-
nesota volunteers, from November 1, 1862, to
June 26, 1863, with travel-pay and allowances
from Snyder's Bluff, Mississippi, to Fort Snel-
ling, Minnesota.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I raise the point
of order that this bill makes an appropriation
of money, and must receive its first considera-
tion in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the point of order is well taken. The bill
makes an appropriation, and must be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I withdraw the bill.
henry b. mears.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 270) for the
relief of Henry B. Mears; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General to pay,to Henry B. Mears, late
a first lieutenant in the thirty-sixth regiment
of Indiana volunteers, out of any money ap-
propriated or that may be appropriated for
the pay of the Army, the full pay and emolu-
ments of a first lieutenant of infantry in the
Army of the United States, from December
14, 1801 to October 19, 1862, deducting there-
from any sum received by him for services
rendered "during that period in the Army of
the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I raise the same
point of order on this bill, that it makes an
appropriation, and must go to the Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The bill provides for a pay-
ment out of an appropriation already made or
hereafter to be made. The bill is properly
before the House.
