1B69.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
embarrassing, and, so far as possible by this
sort of legislation, crushing out the previous
President of the United States. We thought
it was a bad law at any time, but inasmuch as
the late Administration had to struggle along
as best it could, often unable to select accept-
able subordinate executive officers on account
of this law, many of us are a little curious on
this side to see how the present Administration
can get along hampered as it will be by it as it
now exists. Hence I say many of us are in
no haste to get rid of this law at this particu-
lar time. If the evils and inconveniences of
this law have returned to plague the inventors
a while it is no fault of ours. It is but a just
punishment, in our estimation. But if gentle-
men on the other side who have control of all
legislation here see proper to present the ques-
tion to us in any shape whether this law shall
be repealed or shall be continued in force, then
■we are generally willing, I presume, to vote
for its repeal. We cannot do otherwise that
I can see. We are willing to do this under
the lead of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Boiler,] or of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] or of anybody else whom the
Almighty in His kind and mysterious provi-
dence may send us for the occasion.
These are my views on this question, and, so
far as I have had an opportunity of ascertain-
ing, the views of those around me on this side
of the House. We used to follow the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] in his contests
with his political friends, and we should gener-
ally have much preferred to follow him in all
contests of this sort with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] But in this
instance the gentleman is clearly wrong, and
we cannot follow him to-day. For the occa-
sion he is not our representative man. There-
fore, for the time being, we have transferred
our allegiance to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. We hope, however, that we are only
doing so temporarily ; at all events I hope so,
as I am very reluctant to part with the gentle-
man from Ohio permanently. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I never
speak for the Democratic party on this floor.
I do not represent them, sir. I represent and
speak for thirty thousand respectable people
living up in Pennsylvania, and for myself.
Now I do not concur in all that has been said
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
in behalf of the Democratic party in regard to
this measure. I do not undertake to express
his opinion or the opinion of any other Demo-
crat. 1 am only going to express my own.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman will pardon
me; I did not intend to be understood as
speaking for the entire party. _ I only spoke
what I understood to be the opinion of at least
some of the gentlemen on this side. I never
claim to speak for the entire party.
Mr. WOODWARD. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that the Democratic party was in
no hurry to get rid of this tenure-of-office act.
Mr. NIBLACK. If I said so it was in the
hurry of debate, and perhaps I spoke without
authority.
Mr. WOODWARD. For one I am in a
hurry to get rid of the law—in a great hurry.
I voted to repeal it in the last Congress. I
voted against it in the last Congress for a rea-
son that I suppose would be ridiculousin the
estimation of some gentlemen here, to wit, that
it was unconstitutional. I could not vote for
it without violating my conscience and oath of
office, and therefore I voted against it. I did
not know whether the repeal would benefit
President Johnson or injure him, nor did I care.
I do not know or care whether it is going to
benefit or embarrass President Grant. I know
it is the same snake now that it was then, and
it deserves to be killed now^ as it was only
scotched then. It is a violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States. If any gentle-
man in this House who hears me wishes to see
a demonstration of that proposition I refer
him to the report of Senator Sprague's speech
made two days since in the Senate and pub-
lished in the Globe of yesterday. I say there
is a demonstration of the unconstitutionality
of this law as nearly absolute as any moral
proposition can be demonstrated. It reminds
one of a demonstration in Euclid. It stands
in moral science like the Pythagorean problem
in mathematical science, and quod erat demon-
strandum might be subscribed to it. I do hot
know whether Senator Sprague originated the
demonstration or not. He intimates strongly
that it may have some other paternity. But
I do not care who originated il, Senator
Sprague produced it, and now I commend it
to the serious attention of gentlemen who are
conscientious about violating their oaths to
support the Constitution of the United States.
I have not time in five minutes to go over
the argument, but I ask gentlemen to take
this thought, that according to political science
in all times and in all countries the removal
of executive officers is an executive trust. It
belongs to the executive department in the na-
ture of political science. Well, now, the Con-
stitution of the United States says that the exec-
utive power shall be vested in the President of
the United States, and that means all executive
powers that are not expressly excepted. The
Constitution expressly confers upon one branch
of the legislative power the right to advise and
consent to appointments, but it confers no such
power with regard to removals. By a grant as
absolute as human language can make it this
power belongs to the President alone.
Now, sir, the President has some legislative
powers under our Constitution. He has the
veto power, which is legislative ; and the Sen-
ate participates in the executive power so far
as to advise and consent to appointments.
These exceptional clauses which are expressed
in the Constitution only prove the rule that
where the grant is express, and there is no
exception expressed, the grant is comprehen-
sive and absolute. The Constitution grants
the executive power to the President without
exception, so far as removal from office is con-
cerned. Now, it may be said—and I know it
can be—that at a time in our history when
there were distinguished men in the Senate of
the United States there was an attempt to
make this power which is executive partly
legislative, and to take away from the Presi-
dent the absolute power of removal. But how
did the people of the country treat that ques-
tion when it came before that final arbiter
before which all these questions must come '?
The people of this country decided in favor of
the Constitution.
The old Supreme Court declared the alien
and sedition laws to be constitutional. How
did the people treat that judgment? They
reversed it. The Supreme Court decided the
United States Bank constitutional; the peo-
ple reversed that judgment.. What care I,
therefore, that a parcel of Senators, animated
by political or other motives, come together
and agree that this executive power shall hence-
forth be exercised by a branch of the Legisla-
ture? The people of this country know that
that is not the disposition which tiie Constitu-
tion makes of the powers of the Government,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has said nothing on this floor more
truly than what he said yesterday, that this bill
for the repeal of the tenure-of-office law is the
most acceptable measure that this Congress or
the late Congress has offered to the people of
this country. I believe that throughout all the
land all men of all, parties everywhere have
applauded the unconditional repeal of this act.
Now we have obtained, as far as we can get it
at present, the judgment of that final arbiter
on this constitutional question, and it condemns
it. Therefore I am to-day, as I was before,
against the principles of this unconstitutional
measure, and in favor of its full and uncondi-
tional repeal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
desire to state to the House exactly what has
been done and what is proposed, I moved
last night to refer the amendment of the Sen-
ate to this bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, in order that we might have some time
to exa,mine this proposition. And I entered a.
motion to reconsider the vote by which the. mo-
tion to refer was agreed to, because the Com-,
mittee on the Judiciary, not being subject to-
be called very soon for reports, I was afraid
we might not get this matter back before th,e
House again very soon. And I brought the
matter up informally before that committee,
with what action, of course, I am not at lib-
erty to state. I had hoped that those of our
friends who were opposed to the repeal of th< 
civil tenure-of-office law would have agreed to
come in with a proposition informally from
that committee. But as that is not done, I
find that we must bring this thing to an end.
Therefore I move to reconsider the vote by
which this reference was agreed to. If that,
motion shall prevail, I propose to follow it up
with a motion to non-concur in the amendment
of the Senate. Of course the first question,
according to parliamentary usage, will be upon
the motion to concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. That would be the motion
I weuld make.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And when
the motion to concur is voted down, as I trust
it wilt be, for the sake of the dignity and pro-
priety of this body before the country, then I
shall move to non-concur in the amendment,
with the hope that an amendment like the one
I have indicated will be adopted for t.he sake
of peace and harmony and quiet and the satis-
faction of the whole country. I now call the
previous question.
Mr. GA.RFIELD. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. Should the oallfor the pre-
vious question be voted "down will not this
whole subject then be open to debate?
The SPEAKER. Should the call for th«
previous question be seconded, the first ques-
tion will be upon the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to recon-
sider the vote by which this bill was yesterday
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Should the motion to reconsider be agreed to,
then the question will recur upon the motion
to refer, which the Chair supposes the gentle-
man intends to withdraw. Should the call for
the previous question not be seconded, then
the motion to reconsider will be the pending
question before the House, and it will be ojj>en
to the widest latitude of debate. The question
now is upon seconding the call for the previous
question. , .
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 63, noes 82.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler, oi
Massachusetts, and Mr. Bingham were ap-
pointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forly-seveu,
noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to t.ne
House that 1 have not changed the opinion
which I entertained in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress when what is known as the tenure-of-
office bill became a law. I believed then, and
I believe now, that that act was constitutional
I believed then, and I believe now, that the
public interests demanded the enactment of a
law to restrain an Executive who seemed to
be careless or indifferent to all the obligations
of his great office. That necessity for the law,
however, has now ceased. The people or tiie
United States have now an Executive m whom
tliey have the fullest confidence. I may  e
allowed to say that I see indications about me
everywhere that the confidence of the people
; of this country in the distinguished citaen w]ho
is now the President of-the United States u>
I not confined to the party wmeh elected hita.
