THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,'
words, the suspension shall only be made sub-
ject to the action of the Senate, and that the
officer may be voted into office again by the
Senate ? How, I ask, can the President under
this bill remove any officer, great or small,
without the liability to have him put back into
office by the action of the Senate?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have answered that
before. I have said that Cabinet officers are
liable to removal absolutely. I stand upon
that answer. As to the other point, when the
gentleman comes to read carefully this Senate
amendment he will see that, as I stated before
in the progress of my remarks, there is no
power in the Senate over the person designated
by the President to discharge the duties of the
office to restrain him from executing the func-
tions of the office until the expiration of its
next session. That is in the amendment of
the Senate. Why reason about it when the
express words are there? After the expira-
tion of the session of the Senate following the
suspension, the Senate having by positive vote
refused to concur in the suspension, this amend-
ment says the suspended officer shall resume
his office. When? After the expiration of
the session. Then the President, under this
amendment, may again suspend the officer the
next hour.
Mr. LOGAN. Thatmakes it worse than ever.
Mr. BINGHAM. I inquire why, then, so
much ado about any officer being restored for
an hour to the functions of the office from
which he was suspended and may be again at
the discretion of the President. I repeat that
undes this amendment not a man whom the
President suspends can ever after exercise the
functions of his office one hour without the
President's consent. Such suspended officer
will have the shadow—that is, the title of the
office—without the substance.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. Suppose the President
to-day, while the Senate is in session, desires
to remove an incumbent from office, and sends
in a nomination to the Senate, does that office
become vacant ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That does not affect the
question.
Mr. IiOTCHKISS. Then, I take it, the in-
cumbent holds his position until the appointee
is clothed with the confirmation of the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM. That does not affect the
question involved here.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Then, if that be the
point of the argument, that if the Senate fails
to concur then the Senate reappoints the in-
cumbent, it would apply when the Senate is in
session as well to an officer suspesded during
vacation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think the gentleman
from Massachusetts will agree with me, as to
officers appointed by and with the advice and
the consent of the Senate, that it is beyond
the power of legislation, absolutely beyond the
power of legislation, to remove a man from
office during the session of the Senate without
their consent to a new appointee. It was never
attempted except in one case, for which the
President was impeached.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I admit
that. Will the gentleman allow me to ask him
a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman stated to me and to the House that if
lie were sure that the Senate would concur in
the total repeal of the civil tenure-of-office law
with the amendment I suggested he would vote
for it. Now, this is the question I wish to put
to the gentleman: has the Senate ever taken
a vote on the direct question of the repeal of
the civil temire-of-office law?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not on
the direct question of repeal. They were all
the time debating something else, so as not to
be brought to a vote on that question.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has doubt-
less stated the matter correctly. I have not
examined the Journals of the Senate to see
what the Senate did do. They did on a direct
vote strike out the two first sections of the
tenure-of office law, and in their place inserted
the provision which they have sent to us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That was
done by a committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senate did it; this
amendment passed the Senate.
Mr. -BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
passed this proposition which was agreed on in
a caucus. J
Mr. BINGHAM. It will never do to say it
was done in a caucus. It was done by the
Senate.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The object of my in-
quiry was to show that there was no signifi-
caney in the criticism of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. BINGHAM. I perceive that.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. That is all the difficulty
he says stands in the way of this amendment.
It would stand in the way without any law on
the subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg pardon of the gentle-
man from Ohio; but he is mistaken.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Can the President to-
day suspend a man from office without the
consent of the Senate ? If he sends in a nom-
ination to the Senate to-day and the Senate
refuses to concur in that nomination, then,
according to your theory, he reappoints the
incumbent.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman is mistaken.
He misunderstands me, and I think he mis-
understands the law. Prior to the tenure-of-
office law, when the President of the United
States nominated to the Senate, he nominated
so and so in place of so and so, removed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must resume the floor.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Suppose the Senate
would not confirm, what then?
Mr. LOGAN. Then the ineumbent would
be out of office.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire the
House, in order to make very clear the point
I have stated, to take notice that the Senate-
amendment expressly provides, as to a sus-
pended officer, that if the Senate shall refuse
to consent, then at the end of the session he
shall be entitled to resume possession of the
office from which he was suspended. What
then ? The President is not required to retain
him, but, as I have said, may again suspend him.
That is the point at which I had arrived when
interrupted. I have stated that so far as the
tenure-of-office law fetters the Executive it is
repealed by the amendment; and there is noth-
ing, therefore, left but the mere shadow of
restraining power in the Senate without the
substance; and therefore it is that I ask the
House to concur with the Senate.
Mr. DAYIS addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman's remarks,
as I have already stated, have been addressed
to the third section of the tenure-of-office law,
and I ask the House to take notice that we are
not called upon to adopt that section of the
act to-day. There is nothing in the measure
sent to us from the Senate involving the ques-
tion of offices in abeyance. The gentleman
finds that provision in the third section of the
law now on the statute-book. I do not deem
it important to turn aside to vindicate the con-
stitutionality of that law, but I will tell the gen-
tleman, with all respeot for his learning and
ability, there are two sides to that question.
The President is authorized to fill a vacancy by
the Constitution. The third section of the law
says that if he does not send the appointment
to the Senate at the next session, as he ought
to do, the office shall be in abeyance" until
the Senate comes into session again. Why?
Because the Constitution vests in the Senate
conjointly with the President the power of
appointment, and limits his commission to a
vacancy-happening during recess to the end of
the next session of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. We wish to get that out of the
way.
Mr. BINGHAM. Do you want to get the
section of the Constitution out of the way ?
Mr. DAYIS. No; but this Section is incon-
llict with the Constitution.  
Mr. BINGHAM. This is not an amend-
ment to repeal that section of the law. and lha
only reason why I wished to address the House
was that it might not be misled and fall into
the belief that upon the motion to concur in
the Senate amendment it was called upon to
vote for any such provision as the third section
of the tenure-of-office law.
Mr. DAYIS. Of course we do if we concur
in this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will please
excuse me. My time is limited. We concur
in a bill that contains no such provision. On
the contrary, the bill gives the President a
power which was never given to him by any
law. The argument of my friend is totally
inconsistent.with that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
The gentleman from Massachusetts yester-
day called the attention of the House to the
fact that the President, by the very terms of
the Senate amendment, is clothed with power
not to fill certain offices whieh in his opinion
ought not to be filled. This is a new grant of
power to the President. It is a declaration of
confidence in the President. This grant of
power was made the subject of remark by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. He abjeeted
because the President had this extraordinary
power given to him under this amendment.
The gentleman from New York objects because
the bill enables the President to get rid of all
civil officers during the recess of the Senate
and until the end of the next session of the
Senate by suspending them.
That .provision in no manner invades the
Constitution, but gives the President addi-
tional power to discharge the duties of his
great office. I think it an extraordinary way
of showing confidence in the President for one
gentleman to object that the amendment ex-
pressly authorizes him not to fill the vacant
offices which in his judgment ought not to be
filled, and another gentleman to object that it
fetters the executive power to appoint officers.
Mr. Speaker, wherein does the amendment
fetter the President? There is no such thing
in it. It removes the fetters now upon him
by repealing the first and second sections of
the tenure-of-office act, and leaves the Consti-
tution just as the gentleman from New York
read it, but not as he interpreted it. The
provision of the Constitution is this:
"The President shall have power, by and with the
adviee and consent of the Senate, to make treaties,
provided two thirds of the Senators present concur,
and he shall nominate, and, by and with the advice
and consen t of theSenate, shall a.ppoint embassador,
other public ministers, and consuls, judges of ihe
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which bliall be established by law."
He shall appoint them by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, not without their
consent. I undertake to say it is the first time
the argument has ever been made by so distin-
guished a gentleman that the President had the
sole appointing power himself. He can fill
vacancies. This law leaves him to fill vacan-
cies. The gentleman referred to the third sec-
tion of the act of 1867, which is not before the
House; but that section ought not to alarm
the House. It provides that the President may
have power to fill vacancies happening during
the recess of the Senate by granting commis-
sions to expire at the end of the next session
That is the Constitution. That is all there i -
of the third section ; it reenacts the Constitu-
tion. I will join with the gentleman in a joint
resolution to repeal the third section; but that
is not before the House now. Why. then,
should we imperil this amendment by refusing
to concur because of the third section of the
law of 1867.
I hp.ve given to the House the reasons why
