s*\
SB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26uv
arising from casualty of the service. I am
glad my friend has called my attention to that
case. Alexander Hamilton,  in one of the
ablest papers in the Federalist, makes this point
iu the clearest possible manner, that the lan-
guage of the Constitution in this clause referred
to casualties, and not to vacancies made by tho
executive will.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to ask one more
question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. There are divers statutes of
the United States declaring that when an officer
shall commit a crime or a violation of a par-
ticular statute he shall thereupon be removed
from office. Suppose he happens to commit
that crime during a recess of the Sesate.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then, ofcourse, my friend
will see it is the law that removes him, not the
President.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes; butthis law is in direct
violation of and repeals that law.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe it is notunusual
for Congress to repeal one law by the passage
of another; but I am discussing the Constitu-
tion aa it relates to this ease.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have made the state-
ment that I desired concerning the ground
on which this body went before the Senate to
impeach the President, which we affirmed here
in debate, which our managers maintained in
the Senate, and on which we appealed to the
country: that we were interposing the shield
of the Constitution between the Republic and a
recusant President who was violating its laws.
Nowgentlemen argue that this law is uncon-
stitutional. My friend from New York [Mr.
Davis] says it is unconstitutional, because it
makes the Senate the appointing power. Ac-
cording to the bill now before us, the President
may suspend an officer during a vacation of the
Senate, and may designate—not appoint, and I
am glad the word "designate" is there—he
may designate a person, not to bean officer, but
to perform the duties of the office until such
time as the Senate may meet; and within thirty
days after that meeting the Senate is to say
whether they will join with the President in
appointing another person, and thus remove
from office entirely the suspended officer.
Now, the gentleman says the Senate may by
their refusal, to concur with the President thrust
the suspended officer back into office, and that
thereby they in reality appoint him to the office.
Now, it seems to me perfectly clear that this
restoriug a suspended officer is not an appoint-
ment, and to call it so is an abuse of terms.
The appointment was made by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate ; and by the
terms of this law the officer so appointed is
merely suspended, not removed. His functions
are not dead, bat only held in suspense for the
time fixed by the law. Now, when the Senate
decide that they will not consent to the ap-
pointment of another man to his place, then by
the terms of this law the suspended person
again resumes the functions originally given by
the appointment of the President by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. This is
no appointing power in the Senate. This is no
usurpation of executive functions. So far is
this clause of the bill from taking away power
from the Executive that it does in fact confer
upon him a power which before the civil ten-
ure law was passed he did not possess, namely,
the power of suspending during the recess of
the Senate an officer who had been appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. I his, then, is a power conferred, not a
power taken away. This is not a usurpation
of power by the Senate, but a conferring of
power upon the President.
I wish now to call attention to a remarkable
argument made last evening by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] He says
that we here confer one very dangerous power
upon the President, a kind of dispensing power,
enabling him to dispense with any officer at his
discretion. lie says that power is contained
in these words, "except for any office which in
his opinion ought not to be filled." That is,
the President is to fill all vacancies which may
happen during the vacation of the Senate and
to designate persons to fulfill the duties of all
officers he may suspend ; and within thirty days
after the commencement of the next session
of the Senate he shall send in nominations for
all these officers except—and it is the excep-
tion which the gentleman from Massachusetts
criticises—"except for any office which in his
opinion ought not to be filled."
I call the attention of the House to this
charge. Suppose that exceptional clause were
left out entirely, the law would then provide,
and it would be the controlling legislation on
the subject, that within thirty days after the
meeting of the Senate the President shall fill
every vacaney—he has no discretion in the mat-
ter—that may have happened by death or res-
ignation or casualty of any kind ; and he shall
also fill offices where the incumbents have been
suspended. If the law were passed without the
exceptional clause, the President would be
compelled to fill all these places without regard
to the condition of our affairs. Suppose that
we were at war with England, the President
would be compelled by this law to appoint a
minister and consul the same as in time of
peace. Suppose there is a state of war in Par-
aguay, by which it is not possible for our min-
ister to land there except under cover of the
guns of one of our vessels of war, yet under
thi-s law the President would be compelled to
appoint a minister and other diplomatic agents
to that country.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. GARFIELD. I anticipate the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] by saying that this will be the last
legislation npon the subject, will control all
existing laws, and'the President will be com-
pelled to fill all those vacancies whether he
considers it necessary to do so or not.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will find no
statute creating the office of minister to Eng-
land. There is no law requiring the President
to appoint such an officer ; it is within his dis-
cretion entirely.
Mr. GAPuFlELD. Is there any law now
which compels the President to appoint any
officers at all ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me finish this point.
As I understand it our laws do not compel the
President to make appointments to fill all va-
cancies. And as a matter of fact, at the pres-
ent moment there are nearly two hundred
vacancies in the Army which the President is
not only not filling up, but no appointments
are likely to be made at present. He has
never felt himself obliged to fill up all vacan-
cies that may happen. On the contrary——-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow-me at this point to ask him a
question? I understand there is a law against
filling vacancies in the Army ; hence thatques-
tion does not arise. But my inquiry is this :
if the President should willfully refuse to fill
all the vacancies that might occur during his
term, does or does not the gentleman think
that that would be an impeachable offense ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no doubt that the
President, if he should in manifest bad faith
decline to fill an office when the necessities of
the country required it should be filled, would
be liable to impeachment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How
could he be under this bill?
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, sir, if this excep-
tional clause be left out the President has no
discretion. The provision is mandatory; he
must fill up the vacancies that have occurred.
Now, I am very glad that the Senate has in-
serted this exceptional clause, so that the
President will not be compelled to appoint a
large number of officers which he may believe
the good of the service does not require. There
again he acts on his discretion, and administers
the law in the interests of the Government., not
being bound to do absurdities. By this clause
you simply refuse to compel him to do an absurd
thing.
Mr. Speaker, I will not continue this line
of remark further. In an hour of great emer-
gency, to meet a great necessity of the nation,
Congress enacted this civil tenure law. I am
one of those who not only voted for it, but, be-
lieved that we were laying upon the President
of the United States a restriction warranted by
the Constitution. I was willing that that re-
striction should be laid in some measure upon
any President, whether the choice of my party
or of any other. ButI confess that the law was
made more stringent, more severe, more re-
strictive than I should have consented to make
it but for the remarkable character of Andrew
Johnson. I think that the law is too rigorous.
In practice it has been shown to be in some of
its provisions an unwise law. There are fea-
tures of it that ought to be swept away, parts
that ought to be repealed. But, sir-, I shall not
consent to the surrender of the great constitu-
tionalpowerthatthe Senate of the United States
has over appointments to and removals from
office. That law I believe to be in part a stat-
utory assertion ofaconstitutionalprinciple, and
to that extent it ought to remain on our statute-
book.
When, however, we have, as we now have,
an Administration coming into power and
finding in public positions hundreds of unfit
men, put there by the partisan violence of the
preceding Administration: when, as now, there
ought to be a general cleansing of the offices,
I admit that there ought to be a repeal of
some of the severer provisions of this law. I
am therefore in favor of removing those re-
strictive features, which will cripple an honest
President in the fair and honorable discharge
of his duty. But, as I said before, never by
my vote shall Congress give up the constitu-
tional principle, and allow to any one man, be
he an angel from heaven, the absolute and sole
control of appointments to and removals from
office in this country.
No feeling of pride that I belong to the House ■
of Representatives, arid must therefore restrain
I he power of the Senate, shall keep me from
doing this great act of justice and leaving upon
the statute-book the substantial principle of this
law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If a prin-
ciple is so vital that it cannot be given up is it
worth while to suspend it for party purposes?
Mr. GARFIELD. I answer the gentleman
that as the bill now stands the law is not sus-
pended ; it is modified. The public press has
recently declared facetiously that in reference
to this tenure of-office act there are only two
classes, the " suspenders" and the " repealers."
But I may say, adopting an expression of my
colleague. [Mr. Schen-ok,] that there is a third
class iu this House, and 1 am ofthat class. I am
an amender. Let it be amended. Whenever it
is found to work badly let us remove the unwise
provision, but let us save the great principle
upon which the law is based. Gentlemen may
say that the crisis is past, the danger is over,
there is no longer any need of this law. I
desire to say to these gentlemen thatgood laws
usually have their origin in somesuch occasion
as the administration of Andrew Johnson.
Similar occasions gave to England Magna
Charta and the Bill of Rights, and Parliament
was not weak enough to repeal them when
John died and Charles was beheaded.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentlemau
whether he wants any more power to be given
to the President of the United States than the
Constitution, as expounded and administered
for more than seventy years, has given him;
and I ask him whether the President does not
retain all that power if this law is absolutely
repealed?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say in answer to
the gentleman that for seventy years Presi-
dents were not usurpers, and so long as their
power was riot abused the people of the United
States slept on their rights; but during the ad-
ministration of Andrew Johnson they found
that power was abused, and they slept oa their
