818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcfr'^o^
power of the President is retrained by the
requirement of the Constitution that he shall
have the advice and consent of the Senate,
but it is only by inference that he must, have
the advice and consent of the Senate for re-
movals; and the question whether he alone,
without the advice and consent of the Senate,
has and should under the Constitution exer-
cise that power has been disputed from the
very origin of our Government. For long
years it has been acquiesced in as a safe prac-
tice that the President might remove without
that consent. Yet I have always doubted
whether that is the true reading of the Consti-
tution. I have doubted it for this reason: that
the only way in which you can find in anybody
the power to make removals is by inference.
And what is the fair inference ? That the body
which appoints must be held to have the power
to remove". Thegentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] sees this, and therefore he takes the bull
by the horns and denies that the Sen ate is a part
of the appointing power. Now, if I believed
as he does I would be with him on this occa-
sion. But I have already commented upon
that view of the subject. I say that the Sen-
ate is clearly a part of the appointing power;
and if you admit that and take the power of
removal by inference from the power to ap-
point, then it follows, as the thunder follows
the lightning, as effect follows the cause iu all
cases, that if the Senate "is a part of the ap-
pointing power it is necessary for the Senate
also to concur in the exercise of the power of
removal.
Now what has the Congress of the United
States done in this state of facts ? This ques-
tion was unsettled; a different practice was
acquiesced in for a long course of years. But
at length we were cursed with an Executive
whom many of us thought to be of such pur-
pose and of such practice that it was neces-
sary for us to exercise every legitimate power
conferred in the Constitution in the way of
legislation to restrain him. We were thus able
to find in Andrew Johnson the occasion for
passing a law, which law, however, derived its
validity, if it has any, as I firmly believe it has,
not from the fact that he was the occasion of
its being passed, but because when passed it
was in itself wholesome and constitutional.
Having passed that law, we are now thrown
upon a different condition of things. We have
bad some experience in the working of the law.
We find that at some points it frets and is not
easy of application,- and therefore requires
modification. But I stand here still averring
what I have before averred, that there is a
wholesome principle embodied in that law,
that a rightful constitutional power was exer-
cised in passing the law. I am willing to vote
for a modification of the law so that it shall
not impose any unnecessary, unreasonable
restriction upon the power of the President to
be exercised under it. I think we will have
done that when we sweep away everything that
will prevent his free selection of his own Cab-
inet advisers, the heads of the Departments ;
when we take away the requisition upon him in
every case where he suspends an officer to assign
his reasons therefor, like the counts in anindict-
for misdemeanor in office, the commission
of irit'amo_us_crime, or some other offense.
1 think it is sufficient to require of the Pres-
ident, when he suspends an officer, no more
than you require of him when he appoints that
officer. When he makes an appointment he
does not send in to the Senate with the name
of the person so appointed a list of the virtues
of the appointee and elaborate reasons why
from all the citizens of the United States he
has selected him alone to fill the office, upon
which reasons, seriatim, the Senate is to pass.
When an officer is removed I do nob think we
should require of the President to send to the
Senate a list of the wrong-doings of the officer.
1 think it is sufficient to require him to suspend
an officer, the suspension to continue until the
Senate act upon the case. You may well ex-
pect that a Senate in harmony with the Presi-
dent will always be ready enough to consent
to his new appointments, and with a Senate
not in harmony with the President this power
will be but a proper check upon him. That is
the ground upon which I put this law. I think
it is the true ground. Now, for this, because
I am in favor of amending rather than of re-
pealing the law, I am supposed to be in oppo-
sition to the views of the President himself.
I do not know how that is. I do not profess
to be his- particular champion or the peculiar
champion of his Administration. I do not
know that any other gentleman here is such
champion. But I do profess to be as ardent,
as sincere, as thoroughgoing in my support
now, as heretofore, of all that the President
represents of the party or the principles which
I advocate as is any man upon this floor.
And as I gave to that great party and to that
great cause all that I could of effort and abil-
ity, and supported him in the same manner,
believing him to represent ably, fitly, nobly the
principles embodied in that cause, so I claim
that in my action upon this measure, though I
may differ in opinion from him or those who
think that they peculiarly stand by him, I shall
have credit for being just as sincere as at any
other time when I have attempted to maintain
the doctrines embodied in the teachings of that
party, and represented by that cause and by
him. I now surrender the floor to my colleague,
[Mr. Garfield,] from whom I obtained it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the House permit
me to correct a mistake? I agreed with the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] that, as
I would not oceupy the whole thirty-two min-
utes yielded to me, he should have the residue
of my time, whatever it might be.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire that the floor
shall be surrendered to me one minute before
my hour expires.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am entitled to the floor,
as I understand, when it is surrendered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman, when he closed his remarks, yielded
all the time he had remaining.
Mr. LOGAN". I insist that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has not the floor.
When he concluded his speech he surrendered
the residue of his time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state his
understanding of the position of the question.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
followed his colleague [Mr. Bingham] with
the understanding that at the close of his hour
he would call the previous question. After
speaking twenty-eight minutes he surrendered
the floor absolutely to his colleague from the
Dayton district, [Mr. Schekck.] When the
latter gentleman concluded his remarks, hav-
ing ten minutes remaining, he surrendered the
floor to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Bi.air.] Whether the understanding between
the two gentlemen from Ohio [Mr. Bingham
and Mr. Garfield] as to calling the previous
question has been carried out is for them to
determine.
Mr. LOGAN. It does not make any differ-
ence about that. The member who is on the
floor has the right to it. That is all.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I would not have
ventured to detain the House at this time but
that I regard the question under debate as one
of great importance. This is the renewal of an
old discussion which commenced as far back as
the foundation of the Government itself. The
question in controversy is one which was de-
bated in the First Congress of the United States
at very great length and with most consummate
ability upon both sides; and as the result of
that discussion the country settled down upon
the policy of allowing the power of removal to
remain with the President of the United States.
Under this policy the Government for aperiod
of more than eighty years went on successfully,
showing, as I think, that the settlement of this
question was wise, and such as the country will
still do best to abide by.
But, sir, the question no# arises again. It
arose under very peculiar circumstances in the
passage of the law containing eight sections,
known as the civil-tenure law. I need not ex
pend time in detailing the circumstances whicl
gave rise to that law. Gentlemen all remem
ber that an occasion occurred during the ad
ministration of Andrew Johnson when it was
thought worth while to look carefully into the
Constitution of the Uuited States to find every
ptfwer, whether recondite or not, that belonged
to Congress, for the purpose of putting such
restraints upon the Administration as we might
have the power to impose. Seeking these
powers, seeking them very earnestly—perhaps
it would not be too much to say seeking them
sometimes even passionately, for it would be
no wonder if there was some passion in the
matter—this law was enacted for this purpose,
and for this purpose alone.
In the brief time allowed me I shall not un-
dertake to go into a discussion of the consti-
tutional power of Congress to do all that was
done in reference to this matter. I am willing
to waive all discussion on that point. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] says that
when we carried the articles of impeachment
to the other end of the Capitol we affirmed this
power. I will not stop to consider that ques-
tion, for even if it should prove that we went
too far in that act I should not be disposed
now upon reconsideration to follow it up.
But I •presume if this was properly exam-
ined, as_ my friend from Massachusetts sug-
gested, it will not be found in that act we did
anything inconsistent with the position taken
by gentlemen that it is best to go back to the
original principle of the Government. I confess
this is not a question of temporary importance.
Neither is it a question which concerns merely
the President of the United States for the
time being, notwithstanding I shall agree with
gentlemen generally in that I should be glad
to do anything which might be done to render
his duties easier in performance and his bur-
dens light. But this is a question which con-
cerns the Government of the United States and
the proper distribution of the powers of the
Government.
I come now to the main question which I
wish to submit, and that is the power which the
Senate claims under this act is anew one, and,
to use a familiar form of language, the Senate
have captured an entirely new power which
they have never asserted under the Constitu-
tion of th e United States until the passage of the
tenure-of-office law. The question is whether
that is a power which this House wants to re-
main with the Senate ; whether they believe
under the Government of the United States it
is best to continue that power in their hands.
The Senate never did have'any claim for it
until the administration of Andrew Johnson.
In this act, which they undertake to call an
amended act, they have inserted the very power
itself.
I thank the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] for calling the attention of the House
to the fact that for the first time in the Gov-
ernment of the United States the aristocratic
branch of the Government has asserted its
power in an amendment to an act which we
have given them to have a voice in all removals
from office. It says that the President of the
United States shall not remove except by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
for that amendment they ask us to vote. There
is the whole question. They ask us to say here
to-day, for the first time under the Government,
no removals shall be made except by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. No
appointment coald be made before or can be
made now without their advice and consent.
They ask us to say that no removals shall be
made without the advice and consent of the
Senate. I say that I shall vote for no bill of
the sort. My friend from Ohio says because
•he was a member of the House he would not
from any jealousy refuse this power to the Sen-
ate. Neither would I for any such reason. J
remember that while we come directly from
