1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319.
the people with our commission from them,
and while the President comes directly from
the people and brings his commission from
them, the body which sits at the other end of
the Capitol does not come directly from the
people, but from the Legislatures of the States,
and I shall resist as much as I can their getting
this power into their hands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAYIS again addressed the House in a
speech which will be published in the Appen-
dix. At the close of his remarks he yielded to
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I think it best that we should come
to a vote, and although I should be very glad
to discuss this subject further, I move the
previous question.
Mr, DICKEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 62) to incorporate the Na-
tional J unction Railway Company.
deficiencies is postal service.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, in relation to certain defi-
ciencies in his Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
indian hostilities in utah.
Hie SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, inclosing a state-
ment of the expenses incurred by the Terri-
tory of Utah in the suppression of Indian
hostilities for the years 1865, 1866, and 1867 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
texas constitutional convention.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, inclosing a petition of
merchants and other citizens of Galveston,
Texas, respecting the alleged illegal, oppres-
sive, and injurious legislation of the late con-
stitutional convention in Texas; which was
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
laws for interior department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, asking an appro-
priation to purchase from Little, Brown & Co.
two thousand copies of the fifteenth volume of
the United States Statutes-at-Large; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
territorial penitentiaries.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
matters touching the construction of peniten-
tiaries in certain Territories; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories.
terra bdena.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
inclosing a letter from J. L. Pollock, concern-
ing the claim of Thomas H. Dowling to Yerba
Buena, or Goat Tsland; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
mineral lands.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
interior, in answer to a resolution of the House,
making certain inquiries touching the mineral
lands of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
fifteenth constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of Michi-
gan, transmitting a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of that State ratifying the proposed fif-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
civil service committee.
Mr. KERR asked to be excused from fur-
ther service^ on the select Committee on the
Reorganization of the Civil Service of the Gov-
ernment.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Niblack to
fill the vacancy.
tenure of office again.
The question recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
62, noes 81.
Mr. LYNCH demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
89, noes 25.
So the main question was ordered.
The question then recurred on the motion
to reconsider.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
one hundred and five, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the motion to refer, and move to non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate ; and
on that motion demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LYNCH moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring in
the Senate amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 99, not voting
27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Armstrong, Asper, Bailey,
.Be am an, Beatty, Benton, Bingham, Boles, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Cessna, Churchill, Clinton L.
Cobb, Coburn, Cowles, Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, El a, Farneworth, Ferriss, Ifinkelnburg, Gar-
field, Grilfillan.Hawlcy, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, In-
gersoll, Jenekes, Kelley^Kelsey. Ketchaw. Knapp,
Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, flynch, Maynard, McCarthy,
McGrew, Mercur, BliakimH. Moore,William Moore,
Packer, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford,
Sartrout.. Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofleld, Shanks, William
J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffe, Tillman, Twichelt. Ward, Welker,
Wheeler, John T. Wilson, and Witians—70.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Axtell,
Banks, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Blair, Boyd, Brooks, Buf-
finton, Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Calkin, Clarke,
Cleveland, Amasa Cobb. Cook, Conger, Crebs, Cul-
lom, Davis, Dawes, Dcweeso, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dyer, Eldridge, Ferry, Fisher, Eox, Getz, Colladay,
Griswold, Haight, Ilaideman, Hambleton, Hawkins,
Hay, Ileaton, Hoag. Hoar, Holman, Hopkins, John-
son, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kerr, Knott, Logan, Loughridge, Marshall. May-
ham, MeCrary, McNeely, Moffet, Jesse H. Moore,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, O'Neill, Ortb, Packard,
Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Randall, Reading, Reeves,
Rieo, Rogers, Sehumaker, Sheldon, Slocum. John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Stevenson, Swann, Sweeney,
Tanner,Townsend, Trimble,Tyner,Upson,Van Horn,
Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wells, Wbittemore, Wilkinson, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Witchcr,
Wood, and Woodward—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell. Benjamin,
Bennett, Bowen, Cake, Fitch, Greene, Hale, Ifamill,
Hamilton, Judd, McCormiek. Daniel J. Morrell,
SamuelP. Morrill,Morrissey, Negtcy, Peters. Potter,
Wortliington C. Smith, Stiles. Stokes,Stone,Stradcr,
Van Auken, Voorhees, and Willard—48.
So the amendment of the Senate was noil-
concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. POLAND stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wheeler, was paired with Mr. Potter, and
that the latter would vote against while the
former would vote in favor of concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
The vote was then announced, as above
recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the House ad-
journ ; and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
deaj? and dumb institution.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, had
read the following section of the law passed at
the last session.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec, 2. And be it f urther enacted. That in addition
to the directors whose appointment has heretofore
been provided for by law there shall be three other
directors-appointed in the following manner: one
Senator by the President of the Senate and two Rep-
resentatives by the Speaker of the House, to hold
their office for the term of a single Congress, and to
be ineligible to reappointment."
The SPEAKER. This refers to the Insti-
tution for the Deaf and Dumb. There being
a vacancy in the board of directors the Chair
appoints Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts, and
Mr. Ivelsey, of New York, to fill the vacancy,
as directors on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
committee-rooms.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Re-
construction will hereafter meet in the com-
mittee-room of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. And in this connec-
tion the Chair desires to submit a statement
that he is entirely unable to provide all the
standing committees with committee-rooms.
Many of the rooms are now overcrowded with
two or three committees, and great complaint
is made when the Chair ventures to assign to
the rooms already occupied additional com-
mittees. There are several standing commit-
tees now without any place of meeting what-
ever, and the power of the Chair in regard to
the matter is very restricted, as will be seen
by the rule which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The unappropriated rooms in that part of the Cap-
itol assigned to the IIousc shall be subject to theorder
and disposal of the Speaker until the further order
of the House."
The SPEAKER, This refers only to the un-
appropriated rooms, which the Chair is unable
to find.
Mr. GAUFIELD. I move that the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings be required to report
on the subject.
Mr. KANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can hardly
entertain any business pending the roll-call.
What he has done thus far has been by unani-
mous consent. The yeas and nays are ordered
on the motion to adjourn ) and the Clerk will
call the roll.
tenure of office.
The pending question being the motion to
adjourn, the question was taken ; and it wa&
decided in the negative—yeas 64, nays 107,
not voting 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Aspcr, Boaman, Beatty.
Benton, Bingham, Boles, Roderick R. Butler,
Churchill, Clinton L.Cobb, Coburn, Dixon, Doekery.
Donley, Duval, Ela. Farnswortb, Ferriss, Finkeln-
burg, Garfield, Hawkins, Hawley, Hill, Hotchkiss.
Ingersoll, Jenekes, Kelley, Ke!s?y, Laflin, Lash.
Lawrence, Lvnch, Maynard, McGrew, Mercur, Wil-
liam Moore, Poland, Pomeroy, Hoots, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Sehenck, Scofield, John A. Smith, William J.
Smith, William Smyth, Stevens. Stoughton, Strick-
land, Tillman, Trimble, Ward, Welker, and John T.
Wilson—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Archer, Arm-
strong, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Beck, Big^s, Bird,
Blair, Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Burr, Benjamin F-
Butlor, Calkin, Cessna, Clarke, Cleveland, Amasa
Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Crebs, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dickinson, Dyer, Eldridge,
Ferry, Fisher, Fox, Gets, Gilfillan, Golladav, Gris-
wold. Haight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hay, Ileaton.
Hoag, Hoar, Holman, Hopkins, Johnson, Alexander
H. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian, Kerr, Ketcbam,
Ivnapp, Knott, Logan, Lousrhridge, Marshall, May-
ham. McCarthy, MeCrary, McNeely, Moffet, Eliakim
H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, Nib-
lack, O'Neill,Ortb, Packard,Pneker, Patmer.Phelps,
Prosser, Randall, Reading, Reeves, Riee, Rogers,
Sehumaker, Sheldon, Slocum, Stevenson. Swann,
Sweeney. Taffe. Tanner, Townsend, Twiehell.Tyner.
Upson, Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wells, Whitte-
more, Wilkinson, Williams, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward-^Zv"..
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell. Benjamin,
Bennett, Bowen, Brooks, Cake, fiteh, Greene, Hale,
Hamill, Hamilton, Hooper, Judd, McCormiek, Dan-
iel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, JSeg-
ley. Paine, Peters, Potter, Sanford, fohanks, Joseph
S. Smith, WorthingtonC. Smith, St^.StojwnwJ'
Strader, Van Auken, Voorhees, Wheeler, n ulara,
and Witcher—35.
So the House refused to adjourn.
