820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 29,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, -moved to
reconsider the vote by which the House non-
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the tenure-of-office faHl; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
And thereupon, on motion of Mr. BUTLER,
of Massachusetts, (at half past five o'clock
pi m.j) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presnted under
th^ rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. HAMILL: The petition of Eliza
Ceville, widow of Reason Ceville, asking a
pension.
<■ By Mr. HILL: The petition of George B.
Halstead, praying the passage of a special act
to authorize his payment for services rendered
as aide-de-camp On General Kearny's staff
during the winter of 1861 and 1802.
By Mr. KELLEY-: A petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying that an appropriation
be made to the funds of the National Home-
stead, at Gettysburg, for the orphans of soldiers
and sailors of the United States.
Also,- a petition of the Board of Marine Un-
derwriters, of Philadelphia, praying thatproper
measures may be taken for the protection of
Absecom light-house, New Jersey.
Also, $ petition of soldiers of the war of
1812 and others, citizensof Philadelphia, pray-
ing Congress to award soldiers of the war of
1812 pensions.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Francis M.
Davis, of Indiana, asking for a pension.
Also, a petition from citizens of Texas, ask-
ing for the removal of the political disabilities
of Charles B. Way.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Lot S.
Bayless, administrator, praying compensation
for military services.
Also, the petition of Captain G. H. Bone-
brake, asking relief from thi loss of public
fundswhile in the military service of the United
States.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Jesse Mit-
chell, for removal of political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Dickersen H. Walker,
for removal of political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 29, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. NeW'
mas, D. D.
The Vice President resumed the chair.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, rati-
fying the amendment to the Constitution of
the United States known as article fifteen ;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of South Carolina, ratifying the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
known as article fifteen; which were ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, recommending an appropriation for the
relief of the suffering and starving Indian
tribes in "Dakota; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
He also laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution oftheSenateof
the 19th instant, information in relation to the
present condition, original cost, and present
value of the marine hospital at New Orleans,
Louisiana ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of P.
Jacoby, of South Carolina, praying compen-
sation for money expended and for services
rendered in the service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Polly P. Rogers, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of the
Society of Friends of Richmond. Virginia,
praying for an endowment of $50,000 for the
Friends' Asylum for Colored Orphans ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. HOWARD. I present a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Michigan, asking
Congress to make an appropriation for the
completion of the harbor at the mouth of the
Ontonagon river. I do not ask for the formal
reading of the joint resolution, but move its
reference to the Committee on Commerce, and
that it be printed under the standing order of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I also present another joint
resolution of the Legislature of Michigan,
requesting their Representatives in Congress
to call the attention of the Indian department
to the necessity of having the Indians of that
State vaccinated. I move its reference to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and beg leave to
remark that I think the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs has already given sufficient attention to
that subject. Ample provision has been made
for the purpose mentioned in that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. HOWARD. I also present a concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Michigan, recommending that their Senators
in Congress be instructed, and their Repre-
sentatives requested, to procure an appropria-
tion or a corps of Government engineers to
survey the route between the river Raisin and
the St. Joseph river, in the State of Michigan,
for the purpose of ascertaining the feasibility
of a ship canal between Lakes Erie and Michi-
gan, an object which I regard as very import-
ant ; and I move that Jhe resolution may be
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
I especially invite the attention of my colleague
to its importance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michigan,
asking Congress for an appropriation of money
to imprpve the harbor at the mouth of the
Sheboygan river, on the straits of Mackinaw :
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Robert B. Lindsay, of Franklin county, Vir-
ginia, praying to be relieved from his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented thememorial of
Jacob M. Boyd, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of any bill vesting in Royal A. Pierce the
title to certain land in Oregon, and that the
title be granted to himself and the settlers
thereon ; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying such an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States as will
fully acknowledge the obligations of the Chris-
tian religion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of Arthur
Barnes, William M. Rhea, and Giles Mebane,
of North Carolina, praying to be relieved from
their political disabilities; which were referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petitions of
John L. Lewis, John E. King, Mark A. Este-
van, A. C. Banks, John R. Head, R. C. Rich-
ard, Charles Downes, George W. Mader, and
.Robert J. Caldwell, of Louisiana, and the
petition of Edward A. Burk, of Galveston,
Texas, prayjng to.be relieved from their polit-
ical disabilities ; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Oharle''
K. Tuekerman be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. STOCKTON, it was
Ordered, That F. M. Faireloth have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate his petition and
papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom w^s referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 44) granting the right of
way for the construction of a railroad from a
point at or near Portland, Oregon, to some
point west of the Cascade mountains, in the
Territory of Washington, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. ViCKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill (S. No.
215) to amend the usury laws of the District
of Columbia; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
PAY OF ENLISTED MEN OF THE ARMY.
Mr. "WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 42) respecting the pay and
allowances of enlisted men of the Army, have
directed me to report it back with an amend-
ment. It is a small resolution covering three
or four lines, and I ask for its consideration
at the present time.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which provides that
the pay and allowances of the enlisted men of
the Army shall remain as now fixed by law
until otherwise ordered by Congress.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the joint resolution with an amendment to
strike out the words "otherwise ordered by
Congress" and to insert "the 30th of June,
1870."
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
OFFICERS ABSENT WITHOUT LEAVE.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 48) to drop from the rolls
of the Army certain officers absent without
leave; and I should like to have it acted upon
now. We passed a similar bill at the last ses-
sion but it was lost in the other House. It is
important to act on it, and it will take but a
moment.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was read three times, and passed. It author-
izes the Secretary of War to drop from the rolls
of the Army Second Lieutenant Daniel Hitch-
cock, of the seventh cavalry, and Second Lieu-
tenant William S. Mackay, of the twenty-ninth
cavalry, for abseuce without leave; and any
other officer now or hereafter absent without
leave for more than thirty days is to be dropped
from the rolls and to be ineligible to reappoint-
ment.
AMENDMENTS TO INDIAN BILL.
Mr. HARLAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to give notice to the
Committee on' Appropriations that I shall offer
at the proper time to House bill No. 123,
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations- with vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, J870, the amendments indicated in the copy
I send to the desk as written in pencil, and
