THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
March 29
in the bill; and the committee instructed me
to report it back and ask for its passage, 1
did so, accompanied by a written report, which
has been printed and is lying upon the tables
of members. Now, I ask that the Senate, after
this bill has been three different times con-
sidered by the Committee on Public Lands,
and all parties have been heard as long as they
desired to be heard, shall act upon it without
further delay. I think I am entitled to have
the bill considered at this time.
Mr. CORBETT. I only desire to have the
bill laid over until to-morrow morning, that I
may have here some papers that are to be given
to me on this subject by parties who desire to
be heard on the other side of the question to
that taken by my colleague. I have been prom-
ised the papers by to-morrow morning; 1 have
not got them with me now, and for that rea-
son I should like to have the bill laid over.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere unduly with regard to this bill. It was
considered heretofore, and I had occasion to
discuss it somewhat myself. It is a bill which
I think ought not to be adopted, and certainly
it cannot be adopted without discussion at
least. I feel continually embarrassed some-
what when Senators move to take up measures
like this. I had supposed that there was an
understanding among the Senators constituting
the majority of the Senate that certain meas-
ures at this session were to be considered, and,
of course, that other measures were to be
excluded; Accordingly, the Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Corbett] finds himself this morning
without the papers and without the preparation
which he very likely would have were he to
suppose that business like this was to be now
in order. So I find myself continually sur-
prised by hearing, sometimes a moment before-
hand and sometimes only when the motion is
made, that some measure is to be taken up
which it is my duty to see to, in a certain
sense—see to so far as to present such facts as
are committed to me in regard to it. Now, I
think we should have one rule or the other.
If we are to have general legislation, if con-
tested matters are to be taken up at this
session, let us all understand it and let us bring
forward our measures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from New York suspend his remarks to
enable the Chair to receive a message from
the House of Representatives?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
TBNUaE-OE-OFFICB LAW.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House non-concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 3) to repeal an act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to the Senator from
Illinois?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendments to that bill and ask
for a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion now
pending before the Senate is the motion of the
Senator from Oregon [Mr. Wili.iams] that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
mentioned by him.
Mr. TRTJMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Oregon to give way to allow me to submit this
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon withdraw his motion ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir, for the purpose
of considering this matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a message from the House
of Representatives.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ik the House of Repbeseniatives,
MoLT ch 26, 1869.
Resolved, That the House non-coneur in the amend-
ments of the Senate t« the bill (H. R. No. 3) to repeal
am'aet regulating the tenure of certain civil offices.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Senate insist on
its amendments, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and ask for a committee of
conference.
Mr. DAVIS. I resist the motion of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire if a motion
to recede from the Senate amendment is not
first in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that motion has priority of a motion to insist,
as it would bring the two Houses together.
Mr. GRIMES. I therefore make that mo-
tion—that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment to the bill of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. I sustain the motion of the
honorable Senator from Iowa. I desire that
the Senate shall recede from its amendment
and accept the repealing bill of the House
without any qualification, and in support of
that motion I beg leave to make some remarks*
Mr. President, the powers of government
are naturally arranged into three classes : first,
the power to make laws; second, the power
to apply the laws to persons and subjects as
cases arise; third, the power to give to laws
their proper effect by executing them. This
division and classification is adopted by all
modern writers on government, and is incor-
porated into the Constitution of the United
States, and is denominated respectively legis-
lative, judicial, and executive. The separation
of these powers from each other, and the in-
vestment of each in a different body of magis-
tracy, is the essential condition of a limited
and free government, and this is arranged by
the Constitution in these provisions:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States, which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Represent-
atives.
"The executive power shall be vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States of America.
"The judicial power of the United States shall fee
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish."
Whether or not this language used in rela-
tion to the different departments, or either of
them, creates any power, it unquestionably
divides the powers of Government into legis-
lative, executive, and judicial, and names dif-
ferent functionaries, with which it separately
and respectively in vests all the legislative, exec-
utive and judicial powers of the Government of
the United States.
That language in relation to the President,
considered by itself, would vest every execu-
tive power of the Government wholly and ex
clusively in that officer ; but the Constitution
subsequently restricts this general grant of
power by this language ;
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties," &e.; " and
he shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate appoint, embassadors," &c.
These are the only qualifications of the entire
mass of executive power which the Constitution
confers on the President, and every other ex-
ecutive power of the Government is embodied
wholly and exclusively in that officer. The
powers to make treaties and to fill offices he is
to share with the Senate, a branch of the legis-
lative department; and that its portions of those
two powers were carved out of the whole mass
of the executive power, which had been pre-
viously vested in the President, and was con-
ferred upon a branch of another department
furnishes a double reason for restricting the
detached portion of the two powers strictly to
their particular subjects, and also by the mean-
ing and effect of the language in which it is
done. Congress has no authority to take part
in the execution of any executive power, and
the Senate only in making treaties and filling
offices; and as to these it is simply an advisory
council of the President. The nomination for
office to the Senate is the President's sole act;
if the Senate consents and advises, the Presi-
dent may in each particular case appoint or
decline to appoint; the only function of the
Senate is to advise and consent to the appoint-
ment or to refuse, and the latter terminates
the action of both the Senate and the President
in the case.
There is no express provision of the Con-
stitution in relation to removal from office.
Both the power to appoint and to remove from
office of necessity exist in all governments,
and none could be administered without their
exercise. The power of appointment would
be more frequent, but not less imperative than
the power to remove, and both in their nature
and universal classification are executive pow-
ers. They are as indispensable in our Govern-
ment as any other, and all its executive power,
whether created and organized by express pro-
visions of the Constitution or by its necessary
implication, or to be organized by act of Con-
gress, is conferred upon the President This
language in the first section of article two,
"The executive power shall be vested in a .
President of the United States of America,"
both creates that department of the Govern-
ment and its chief officer, and vests him with
the mass of the executive power.
A subsequent prov'sion of the Constitution
requires that "the President shall take care
that the lawsbe faithfully executed.1' If there
was no other language in the Constitution
which, neither expressly or by necessary impli-
cation, touched the matter of appointment to
or removal from office, both powers by neces-
sary implication would result to the President
from the provisions I have quoted ; but there
is another, relating to appointment to office, in
these words:
" He shall have power,by and with the advice and
consent of the Semite, to appoint embassadors, other
public ministers, and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, and all other officers of the United States
whose appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law; but
the Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they may think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of .Departments.
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess ot the
Senate, by granting commissions wbicb shall expire
at the end of their next ensuing session.
"The judicial power of tue United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may liom time to time ordain
and establish. The judges, both of the Supreme and
interior courts, shall hold their offices during good
behavior," &c.
I have quoted every clause of the Constitu-
tion which by express language or necessary
implication bears either upon appointment to
or removal from office.
It will be seen that the wise men who framed
the Constitution were not contentthat the power
of appointment to office, with which the im port
of the general language they have used would
invest the President, should be exercised by
him solely and without qualification; they
therefore detached a portion of it from the
President and vested it in the Senate, by re-
quiring him to nominate all persons for the
higher grade of offices to the Senate, giving it
a discretion to advise and consent to the ap-
pointment of the nominee or to refuse, and if
so advising and consenting, yet leaving the
President perfect freedom to make or not to
make the appointment. Thus an unrestricted
right of choosing for all offices was continued
to the President, while the Senate was only
allowed to ratify or reject his choice; and if
ratified, the President still had the unquestion-
able right to decline to make the nomination.
In this mode the Constitution finallyadjusted
the power to fill these offices by investing the
President with the larger and most effective
portion of it. The function of the Senate is
merely to advise the President, and why was
it intrusted to one of the Houses of Congress ?
The primary object was to obtain honest, fit,
and competent men, and the Senate, coming
from all the States, would necessarily have
much more extensive and reliable knowledge
of those who would be presented for office than
the President, and would exclude unfit men
that might be imposed upon him. Doubtless
another purpose was to organize a power to
check the- President in any willful attempt to
induct unworthy men into office.
