THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
There is no express provision of the Con-
stitution relating to the power of removal from
■office, and yet it exists of necessity, for the
Government could not be administered with-
out it. The mass of executive power, so ex-
tensive, so various, and its ex-eeution diffused
over the U nited States, extending into every
foreign country where we have a diplomatic or
commercial agent, into every ocean, sea, and
river where floats one of our ships, is organ-
ized into a separate and coordinate department
of the Government and vested in the Presi-
dent. He does not in person execute this va«t
amount of power, but he takes "care that the
laws be faithfully executed," and gives vitality
and effeSttoall his multiform powers by agents, |
•officers subordinate to himself, whom he must j
■direct and control. He operates this great and
complicated executive machinery. The Con-
stitution and laws create and organize all the
.necessary offices and agencies ; the officers and
Agents are appointed by the President alone,
or acting by and with the advice and consent
■of the Senate, by the eourts of law, or the
heads of Departments. These agents number
tens of thousands; many of them are daily
becoming unfaithful, incompetent, and other-
wise unfit to perform the important duties of
their places; the great interests and business
•of the Government and country may be suf-
fering and demand their removal. The Consti-
tution has made no express provision for that,
but to remove them is an executive power, with-
out the exercise of which the President cannot
see that the laws be faithfully executed or per-
form the other duties which the Constitution and
laws devolve upon him. Those incompetent and
faithless officers are to be removed; there is
authority in the Government to remove them ;
that is an executive power in its nature, and by
universal usage and according to the classifi-
cation of all writers on government. Does
this executive power appertain to the Presi-
dent and the Senate conjointly, to the Presi-
dent alone, or is it a dormant and unorganized
power of the Government, to which Congress
jnay give form and vitality under this clause
of the Constitution ?
" Congress shall have power to makealllaws which
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any Department or officer
thereof."
The Constitution having in plain and com-
prehensive words created the Presidency as the
executive department, and having vested in
that officer the executive powers of the Gov-
ernment, with the restrictions established by
the provisions before quoted, according to
every rule of construction those restrictions
are to be strictly interpreted, and do not com-
prehend any other subject-matter than those
for which and as by their language they pro-
vide. The one restricting the President's
power of appointment to office by express lan-
guage cannot be made by any implication to
include another subject and another power, to
remove, with which it has no affinity, except
they are both executive powers, and act upon
the same person. They are executive powers,
exercised and to be exercised at different times
and for different reasons and ends. The pur-
pose of the first is to fill the office, of the other
to free it of an unworthy incumbent. Two
cardinal principles of the Constitution being
a division of all the powers of the Government
organized by it into the three classes, legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial, and the invest-
ment of each in different bodies of magistracy,
the association of the Senate, a branch of the
legislative department, with the President in
the exercise of the appointing power, being
an anomaly, an exception from the body of the
general executive power of the Government
conferred upon him, 110 implication a,rises
therefrom that the Senate is also associated
with the President in the exercise of that other
distinct and different executive power, to re-
move from office.
The Senate having neither by express words
or implication any portion of the power of
removal from office, it results necessarily that
if this power is established by the Constitu-
tion it is vested wholly and exclusively in the
President. It cannot be reasonably supposed
that the experienced and able statesmen who
framed the Constitution did not foresee how
important and vital this power would be to the
Government they were proposing. It is not
possible that they either forgot or willfully
neglected to make provision for such a neces-
sary power, when by comprehensive but ex-
plicit language they vested the executive power
of the Government in a President of the United
States, and then empowered and commanded
him to take care that the laws be faithfully
executed. These provisions of themselves
would have imported, as portions of the power
which they conferred, the full and exclusive
authority both of appointment and removal,
because of the necessity of both to enable the
President to perform the duty which the Con-
stitution had expressly devolved upon him.
With the intention on the part of those who
made the Constitution that the President should
possess the whole power, both of appointment
and removal, no other provisions or language
in the Constitution would have been needful to
have clothed him with those powers.
But the Convention did not intend that the
President alone should exercise the appointing
power, and hence it associated the Senate
with him ; it had no purpose that the Senate
should have any connection with thePresident
in the exercise of the power of removal, w here-
fore it was left where the general provisions
of the Constitution had deposited it—with
the President alone. If there had been any
intention that this branch of the legislative
department should share with the President
the executive power of removal also, it would
have been effected by an express provision, as
in the case of the appointing power.
This refusal of the convention to trammel
the President with the Senate in the exercise
of the power of removal, had cogent reasons.
After consenting to and advising an appoint-
ment, the Senate has no connection whatever
with the officer, and no knowledge of the man-
ner in which he is discharging the duties of
his place ; but he is the special agent of the
President, within the sphere of his authority,
looked after, instructed, and directed during
the whole of his official course by the Pres-
ident. He makes no report to the Senate, nor
has it authority to call on him for one ; those
relations subsist between him and the Pres-
ident. The Senate is not informed, the Pres-
ident is, if there be cause for his removal;
there may be grave and urgent cause, and what
is the remedy"'/ Nothing but removal. The
Senate may not be in session, and if it were,
its action would be too slow to meet the im-
perative demands of the case. The only ap-
propriate and efficient authoiity is the 1'iesi-
dent, whom the Constitution makes a depart-
ment of the Government and the depositary of
its executive power. And this power of removal
is necessary, and exists at all times, as well
when the Senate is in session us when it is not.
This reasoning and conclusion cannot be re-
futed by setting up for the President, and the
Senate conjointly the power to suspend an
officer. There is no provision of the Constitu-
tion expressly establishing such a power, nor
does it arise by implication from the appoint-
ing power, of which it is not the reflex, and if
it could be implied from the latter it would
inhere to the Senate as well as to the President
and require their concurrent action to efiect a
suspension. This power is subject to all the
objections of the power of removal by the joint
intervention of those two functionaries, and
the further and conclusive one that there is
neither words or implication in the Constitu-
| tion to ordain or invest, the power to stispend
The question arose in the First Congress ou
the acts to organize the Executive Departments
where the power of removal was vested, and
after lengthy debate it was decided by both
Houses that the Constitution vested it in the
President, alone. The effort to inject into those
bills words expressing that it, was conferred by
them was firmly and successfully resisted by the
advocates of it as an exclusively presidential
powerunderthe Constitution. On this question
the Senate was equally divided, and the casting
vote of the Vice President gave the preponder-
ancein that body; whilethedivision ot'lheHouse
wasthirtytoeighteen. The Senate then, asnow,
showed a strong disposition itself to share this
power with the President. Many members
of that Congress had been in the Convention
which framed the Constitution, or in the State
conventions that adopted it, and some in both.
The great philosophic statesman of America,
Mr. Madison, was the ablest advocate of the ex-
elusive power of the President, and its strength
was greater in argument than numbers. From
that time to 1867 the question was regarded by
the people of the United States as settled.
Every President, eighteen in number, their
aggregate terms spreading over a period of
eighty years, had without question exercised
this power, and no Congress until the last one
had ever attempted to assoc'ate the Senate, or
in any mode to fetter the President in its exer-
cise. Kent and Story, in their commentaries,
treat it as a presidential power established by
the Constitution, and to have been so construed
and settled by the First Congress, and the Su-
preme Court has often recognized the validity
of that settlement. Marshall, Webster, Clay,
Calhoun, and Benton publicly announced the
same opinions ; and Clay, as a member of
John Quincy Adams's Cabinet, and as a sup-
porter of President Harrison's administration ;
Webster and Calhoun, as members of Tyler's
Cabinets, and Benton, asafriend and supporter
of Jackson's administration, all sustained the
constitutionality and expediency of the exer-
cise of the power of removal by the President
alone; and with the high sanctions here enu-
merated it should have stood immovable, re-
buking and silencing not only the Fortieth
Congress, but all succeeding factions, and it
will be erected again on the foundation-stones
of the Constitution.
In 1835 Mr. Calhoun changed his position on
this question, as he had done on many others.
He then made a report to the Senate on this
subject, 111 which he assumed that the power
of removing from office was casus omissus in
the Constitution, and was to be provided for
by Congress under the clause giving it power to
make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the powers
vested in the Government of the United States,
or any of its Departments or officers. If this
position, that the power of removal from office
does not exist in the Constitution, were true, it
would unquestionably be the duty of Congress,
as it would have been from the beginning, to
make a law organizing that power; and the en-
actment of such a law would be the exercise of
a legislative power, ordained and vestedin Con-
gress by an express provision of the Constitu-
tion ; but the power of removal organized by
it would not be a legislative power to enable
Congress to carry into execution any of its
enumerated powers ; it would be a purely ex-
ecutive power to assist the President, and
would be ancillary to his power to " see that
the laws be faithfully executed," and would
inure to him by virtue of the provision of the
Constitution which vests in him all the execu-
tive power of the Government.
Whether the power of removal be organized
by a law of Congress or by the' Constitution
does not affect the character of the power. In
either case it would be in its essential nature
an officer in the President, or ihe Senate, or jj an
both together. This power of suspension is ^
wholly alien to the Constitution ; and it is un-
necessary, because tWe appropriate, convenient,
and effective power of removal is vested in the
President.
■ i itil executive power, and would vest, in the
i! President and not in Congress. The powers of
the Government, whether organized by the
Constitution or to be organized by a, tew ot
Congress, are distributed among the diiisreiit
Departments by the Constitution alone. Cou-
