32.6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 29,
pet version of the clear intent and meaning of
this clause of the Constitution to say that the
President could go on after the expiration of
the session of the Senateand again fill up that
vacancy. If he could do that, then he need
sever consult the Senate. He could remove a
man in the recess, commission another to take
his place until the end of the next session of
the Senate; and when the end of the next
session of the Senate came, and no one had
been nominated to the office and confirmed by
the Senate, the President could commission a
person to occupy the place until the end of the
next ensuing session of the Senate ; and so he
could keep on issuing commissions after the
close of each session of tbe Senate and filling
the offices permanently, thereby utterly ignor-
ing those provisions of the Constitution which
expressly provide that the President cannot
appoint any man to office except by the advice
and consent of the Senate, leaving out, of
course, inferior offices whom Congress by law
may have authorized him to appoint alone.
This cannot be the meaning of the Consti-
tution ; no one, I apprehend, would contend
that it was: but under this construction the
President had so often commissioned men
during the recess to fill up offices until the end
of the next session of the Senate, and had
either failed to make nominations at all or had
made such that the Senate would not approve,
and then on the adjournment of the Senate
had again filled the vacancies with the same
person that had been commissioned before or
gome one else, that the Congress of the United
States, to correct the abuse, during Mr. Lin-
coln's administration, in 1863, passed a law to
prevent it. That statute reads as follows:
"3So money shall bo paid out of the Treasury as
salary to any person appointed during the recess of
the Senate to fill a vacancy in any existing office,
which vacancy existed while the Senate was in ses-
sion and is by law required to be filled by and witli
tbe advice and consent of the Senate, untit such
appointee shall have been confirmed by the Senato."
Thus, before the tenure-of-office act was
passed, under the Constitution of the United
States all that the President, could do was to
fill up a vacancy temporarily by a commission
to expire at the end of the next session of the
Senate; and if lie attempted afterward, in
violation of the spirit of the Constitution, if
not its letter, to commission persons still to
exercise the functions of those offices which
had been vacant while the Senate was in ses-
sion, we passed an act of Congress forbidding
the payment of compensation or salary to the
incumbent.
This, then, was the condition of the law
before.the passage of the tenure-of office act.
Offices vacant or temporarily filled when the
Senate met must remain vacant after the ad-
journment of the Senate, unless the Senate
during its session gave its advice and consent
to an appointment. Such was the law when
the tenure-of-office act was passed.
Now, as that proposes to amend it, what en-
croachment is made upon the authority of the
Executive? I answer, none whatever. The
President of the United States, under the con-
templated amendment which passed the Sen-
ate a few days ago, would have all the power
to place persons in office that he had before the
enactment of the tenure-of-office law. The
President never could fill an office during the
session of the Senate without the advice and
consent of the Senate. Everybody admits that.
I have never heard anybody contend that he
could fill an office when the Senate was in ses-
sion without its advice and consent. There
have been some who have said, that he could
remove persons, but the removals during the
sessions of the Senate have been the exceptional
cases. There have been very few from the
foundation of the Government, if any, perhaps
one or two : but nobody has ever contended
that the President could pat a man into office
while the Senate was in session without its
advice and consent. Now the contemplated
bill provides that—
/"During any recess of the Senate the President
is nereby-empowered, in his discretion, to suspend
any civil officer appointed by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, except judges of the United
Btates courts, until the end of the next.session of the
Senate, and to designate some suitable person, sub-
ject to be removed in his discretion by the designa-
tion of another, to perform _ the duties of such sus-
pended officer in the mean time."
Under this provision the President has
authority to suspend any officer at his will
daring the recess of the Senate, and to place
another person in his place to discharge the
duties of his office until the end of the next
session of the Senate. Could he do any more
without this law? Grant, if you please, that
he has the authority of removal during the re-
cess of the Senate, can he do anything more
than to fill up the vacancy occasioned by the
removal by a commission to some one to expire
at the end of the next session of the Senate ?
This bill authorizes him to put the officer out
of the way, and to put another person in his
place for the same length of time precisely.
There is nothing in words, whether you call it
a removal or a suspension. The person desig-
nated in lieu of the suspended officer is clothed
with all the authority cenferred by law upon
the officer, gives bond, takes an oath, receives
the compensation for the time being. But the
incumbent is not absolutely removed, it may
be said. True, he is suspended; he can exer-
cise none of the functions of the office; he
receives none of the emoluments of the office,
and he is as completely out of the way for the
time being as if he were absolutely removed.
Then the President of the United States has
all the power under this act which he would
have if this act were not passed, practically,
precisely the same.
Then what is the object of this act? I will
tell you. The object is to assert a correct con-
stitutional principle and to prevent an office
being vacant after the Senate adjourns. The
law abhors a vacancy; nature abhors a vacuum,
and an estate in abeyance is said to be an ab-
surdity by some of the law writers; and surely
to have an office in abeyance without anybody
to discharge its duties would be an absurdity.
To undertake to administer a government with-
out officers would be an absurdity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The law now existing
in its terms provides that the office shall be in
abeyance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ohno; notasamended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am speaking of the
proposed amendment which prevents the office
from being in abeyance. Surely the Govern-
ment cannot be administered without agents.
Certainly under no construction of the Consti-
tution, I think, which anybody has contended
for has the President any authority after the
end of the next session of the Senate following
a vacancy to fill it up ; and if he attempted to
do it he would be met, not by the tenure of-
oflice act, but by a law which we passed during
Mr. Lincoln's administration, prohibiting any
officer from paying a dollar of salary or com-
pensation to a person thus illegally thrust or
attempted to be thrust into office.
The whole effect of this proposed amend-
ment, then, is to provide that where an incum-
bent has once been placed into office by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
at the request of the President, he shall, if the
Senate will not advise and consent to the nom-
ination of another in his place, and if the Sen-
ate shall affirmatively by its vote disapprove
of his suspension, after the close of the session
go back to his office and discharge its duties.
The President would have no authority to
place any one there without this bill. This
takes none of the prerogatives of the Presi-
dent from him, but it is a provision of law to
prevent the office from being vacant and with-
out any incumbent by providing that if nobody
can be substituted with the approval of the
Senate in the place o>f the person suspended
during a whole session of the Senate, and the
Senate will not agree to the suspension, then
the old incumbent is to be restored to the office
and discharge its duties. But that is no en-
croachment on the presidential prerogative,
because the President could not put anybody
in the office after the Senate a-djourned if this
law did not exist.
I have thought it necessary, Mr. President,
to say this mach to disabuse the minds of some
persons as theeffectof the tenure-of-office act,
to show that it is not a proposition to cripple
the President, to place fetters upon him. So
far from it, there is a disposition to clothe the
President with all the powers which the Con-
stitution gives him. There is a disposition
among all the friends of the Administration, I
am sure, to remove out of the way every obsta-
cle to an efficient discharge! of the duties which
belong to the President of the United States,
and to enable him to select agents who shall
carry out and execute the laws with efficiency,
with fidelity, and with honesty. If we woultl
approach this subject calmly and dispassion-
ately, with a desire to harmonize the two
branches of Congress and to have harmony
with the Executive, in whom I am sure all
have confidence, I think there would be no
difficulty in coming to an agreement. But we
surely can never come to an agreement by
exciting animosity between the two branches
of Congress and charging either npon the one
or the other the arrogation of powers that do 
not belong to it, or if the disposition is to cre-
ate dissatisfaction between the Executive and"
the friends of the Executive in the two branches
of Congress. Let us approach this subject in
a spirit of harmony, a spirit of concession,
and with a desire to unite and give to the Exec-
utive all the powers essential to an efficient
administration of the Government, and we
shall have no difficulty in coming to an agree-
ment. Thisis whatl proposeto do ; andhence
I have made the motion that the Senate insist
upon its amendment to this bill and ask for a
committee of conference, that we may confer
with the House of Representatives, understand
each other, and come to an agreement that
shall be satisfactory to all. I know thatunder
the parliamentary law as decided by the Chair
another motion, made by the Senator froirr
Iowa, to recede from our amendment, has pre-
cedence, but I trust that motion will not pre-
vail, and that we shall have a committee of
conference, audi have faith to believe that we
shall come to an agreement that will be satis-
factory all around, and will clothe the Execu-
tive with all the power that the Constitution
gives him or that he would desire to have.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
intend to discuss this question. I shall have
no objection myself to this brll going'to a com-
mittee of conference; but as a motion has been
made that the Senate recede from its amend-
ments I shall vote for that motion.
The Senator from Illinois, I believe, has
summed up the merit of this bill as it now
stands in the single point that it will prevent
a vacancy in an office after Congress adjourns
if the Senate has failed to concur in a nom-
ination and has refused to concur in the sus-
pension. That I understand to be the merit,,
and the only point of merit, in this amendment,
that it will prevent a vacancy in the office there
by putting tbe old incumbent back. Upon that
point I think it is an absolute failure; and
when it is narrowed down to a single point, if
it shall turn out that that is no point at all and
provides nothing, the Senate should recede
from its amendment.
If an officer has been suspended, and the-
Senate has affirmatively refused to concur in
thatsuspension, and has failed to concur in any
nomination the President may have made to-
the office, then, at the end of the session, and'
not until that, on the first day of the vacation,,
the officer temporarily appointed under the sus-
pension goes out and the old incumbent comes
back; but the President has the same power-
instantly to suspend him that he had in tbe first
place. I understood the Senator the other day
to admit that the President might instantly sus-
pend him again ; but he put the question to me-
whether I had not confidence to believe that
General Grant would not suspend an officer the
second time where the Senate had refused to
