1869,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
concur in the first suspension. But, sir, it is
said that this law is not to bind a good Presi-
dent., but is intended to control and restrain a
bad President; and a bad President would not
hesitate to suspend the second, third, or fourth
time. The very kind of President that is
intended to be restrained by the bill is not re-
strained at all, tor the restraint is not a legal
restraint., butis simply a moral restraint. There-
fore ! say the bill amounts to nothing. I say
that in point of fact it does not secure the only
point which the Senator says is to be secured
by this bill. Why, therefore, should we struggle
for a shadow when the substance lias entirely
fled ?
But, Mr. President, should General Grant
be restrained from suspending the second time?
That would depend entirely upon circum-
stances. It would be monstrous to say that
when the old incumbent has come back into
the office because the Senate has refused to
concur in the suspension he is there free from
suspension and free from removal until the next
session of Congress; that he may go on steal-
ing with impunity, may be guilty of all sorts
of misconduct in office, and yet that he is fixed
there until the next session of Congress. A
bill that would have that effect, that would pre-
vent a second suspension, would be a direct
warrant and security for rascality in office. We
would not dare to pass the bill if it, had that
effect. Therefore, the President must be at
liberty to suspend the second time without giv-
ing reasons, without showing cause, just as he
might suspend the first time ; and if he is a
bad President, such an one us it is important
for us to restrain, he would instantly suspend
the second time, and the former incumbent
would never be allowed to take his seat for one
minute in the office again. Now, sir, as it is
certain that this might be the result, and as it
is certain that this law would not for a moment
restrain a President of the character which it
is said it is desirable to restrain, why should
the Senate struggle for this amendment? I
submit, as it has been acknowledged on the
other side, that for a good President we do not
require this law at all, and that for a bad Presi-
dent it furnishes no possible restraint; it is not
worth quarreling about.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I do not
comprehend the arguments that are urged in
favor of this measure as detailed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, nor those urged by the Sen-
ator from Indiana on the opposite side. The
plain view that I take of this law is that it is
a measure, whether in shadow or in substance,
that ought not to exist. Whether the Presi-
dent of the United States who now occupies
that high office is willing himself or consents
himself to a provision of this kind makes no
possible difference with me. It is the Presi-
dency, not the man, that is concerned here to-
day. It is for the future as well as for the
present that this measure is to be considered.
Whether it comes, too, from a caucus of any
party receives no possible consideration from
me. That does not make it right. 1 hat does
not remove the difficulty. The difficulty is m
the thing as it exists, and no explanation pro
or con can obviate the difficulty.
This measure will undoubtedly go to the
committee to which it is proposed to refer it,
and for the consideration of that committee I
desire to point them to the history ot the past,
which illustrates the condition of the present.
I point to the history of Charles I, and let
thinking men here and elsewhere judge
whether there is any parallel between the con-
dition of things at the present time with the
condition which existed at that time. Speak-
ing of the previous kings of England, history
says:
" Each one of them, unless it were perhaps James,
had committed far grosser bieachcs ot privilege,
without thuir raising so much as a.murmur °t uk-
contont, than Outvies over attempted. His princi-
pal error seems to have been that he iiiv.in.ibly
nude concessions when he ought to have been him.
and was invariably obstinate when lie ought, to hav e
made concessions: his eliief fault, that no oneoouta
rely on him, friend or enemy; that lie never w ^
true to any promise, either of support to the ou6 or
of amnesty to the other; so that his friends dreaded
his victory almost as much as they did his defeat, for
they knew that no promise would withhold him, if
successful, from abusing his success."
Then the history continues, speaking of the
time when the Long Parliament had become
a successful structure ; and it will .be well for
even Senators who will not be on the confer-
ence committee to listen to the words spoken
in reference to that body:
"But from the moment when it voted itself inca-
pable of dissolution tho Parliament changed places
with the king; became distinctly the usurping power;
made infinitely greater attacks, both on the preroga-
tive of the Grown and on the rights of the individual,
than tho most despotic of kings had ever attempted;
arrogated to itself the power of regulating every-
thing in the realm, from the highest to the lowest;
constituted itself a court of law, a court of justice,
and a court of morals, exorcising powers the most
unheard of, and, in fact, altering the whole constitu-
tion of England from a monarchy into perfect
democracy, of which itself was the indefeasible and
the solo exponent and ruler until it should think
proper to abdicate its own authority and descend
Irom supremo despotism into private life, which no
one supposed it o er would do, and, in fact, which it
never did. An appeal to arms was now necessary if
Ensiand was to be amonarchy; for,as the kingtruly
said, ho might be called king and be served on the
knee, but ho should be no more king than the moan-
e&t of bis subjects should he concede all that was now
asked of him. Had he conceded a little on his first
accession he might, probably, have been the most
popular king in Europe. Then ho would concedo
nothing, and had irritated all his enemies to mad-
ness."
Charles I lost his head ; Parliament had'
usurped tho whole powers of government, and
then ilacaulay says:
" It has been too mnell the practico of writers,
zealous for freedom, to represent tho restoration as
a disastrous event, and to condemn the tolly or base-
ness of that convention which recalled the royal fam-
ily without exacting new securities against malad-
ministration. Those who hold this language d? not
comprehend the crisis which tollowed the deposition
of Richaid Cromwell. England was in imminent
danger of sinking under the tyranny of a succession
of small men."
Again he says:
"The name and character of Englishman abroad
had sunk to the lowest state from tho proud preem-
inenoewhich it had occupied during tho stern dom-
ination oi tho great Protector."
It would become thinking men here and
elsewhere to think well of these words ; to see
if there is any parallel between the present
condition of our times and the condition of the
time that is herereferred to. Macaulay again
says, speaking of Charles II, who had been
invited to occupy the place of the usurping
Parliament:
"Hehad received fromnature excellent parts and
a happy temper. Ills education had been such as
might have been expected to develop his under-
standing, and to form him to the practice ot every
public and. private virtue, lie had passed through
all varieties of fortune, and had seen both sides ot
human nature, lie had while very young been
driven forth Irom tt palace to a life of exile, penuiy.
and danger. He had, at the aso when the mind and
body are in the highest perfection, and when the
effervescence of boyish passion should have subsided,
been recalled irom his wanderings to wear a crown.
He had been taught by bitter experience how much
baseness, perfidy, and ingratitude may lie hid under
the obsequious demeanor of courtiers. Ito haulound.
on the other hand, in the huts of the forest true
nobility of soul. When wealth was offered to any
who would betray him, when death was denounced
against all who would shelter him, cottagers and
serving men had kepthissecrettruly, and had kissed
his hand under his moan di&guises with as much rov-
 ience as if he had been seated on his ancestral
throne From shell aschool it might have been ex-
pected that a young man who wanted neither abili-
ties nor amiable qualities would have come forth a
U0an.TndXsaunte?rng"and"%olous amusements,
incapable of selt-denial and ot exoraon, without
faith in human virtue or m human attachment,
without desire of leuown or sensibility to reproach.
According to him every person was to be bought.
But some people haggled more abouttheir price than
others; and when this haggling was veiy obstinate
and very skillful it was called by some fine name.
Tho chief trick by which clever men keptup th«piiee
of their abilities was called mtegntj. Iho chiet
trick by which handsome women kept up the price
of their beauty was called modesty, lhe love ot
God, the love of country, the love of family, the love
of friends, wore phrases ot 1the samesort, delicate and
eotiven.ent synonyms lor the love of selt. ihinkin
thus ot* mankind Charlrs naturally cared very little
what they thought of him. Honor and shame were
seaieoly more to him than light and darkness to the
blind. His contempt of flattery has been highly
commended, but seems, when viewed m connection
with tho rest of his character, to deserve no com-
mendation. It is possible to be below flattery ag
well as to be above it. One who trusts nobody will
not trust sycophants. One who does not value real
glory will not value its counterfeit."
"The facility of Charles was such as lias, perhaps,
never boen found in any man of equal sense. He was
a slave without being a dupe. Worthless men and
women, to the very bottom of whose hearts he saw,
and whom he knew to be destitute of affection for
hira and undeserving of his confidence, could easily
wheedle him out of titles, places, domains, State
secrets, and pardons. He bestowed much: yet he
neither enjoyed the pleasure nor acquired the fame
of beneficence. He never gave spontaneously; but
it was painful to him to refuse. The consequence was
that his bounty generally went, not to those who de-
served it, nor even to those whom he liked the best,
but to the most shameless and importunate suitor
who could obtain an audience. The motives which
governed the political conduct of Charles II differed
widely from those by which his predecessor and his
successor were actuated. Ho was not a man to be
imposed upon by the patriarchal theory of govern-
ment and the doctrine of divine right. He was ut-
terly without ambition. He detested business, and
would sooner have abdicated his crown than have
undergone the trouble of really directing the admin-
istration. Such was his aversion to toil and such his
ignorance of affairs that the very clerks who attended
him when he sat in council oould not refrain from
sneering at his frivolous remarks and childish im-
patience. Neither gratitude nor revenge had any
share in determining his course; fornever was there
a mind on whioh both services and injuries left such
faint and transitory impressions. He wished merely
to bo a king such as Louis XV afterward was—a
king who could draw without limit on the treasury
for the gratification of his private tastes, who could
hire with wealth and honors persons capable of as-
sisting him to kill time, and who, even when tho
State was brought by maladministration to the brink
of ruin, could still exclude unwelcome truth from
the purlieusofhisown seraglio, and refuse to see and
hear whatever might disturb his luxurious repose.
For these ends, and for these alone, he wished to
obtain arbitrary power, if it could be obtained with-
out risk or trouble."
I have no other words to utter on this occa-
sion, but I point to the words of warning that
I have read for the consideration of the confer-
ence committee; and if I have had any knowl-
edge from the investigations of the past, if I.
ha've reflected in consequence of those invest-
igations at all, and if I have any knowledge
of the workings of this most corrupt power
which has been exercised by this body, that
warning ought to be effectual in striking from
the statute-book every vestige of authority in
the Senate, whether it be in shadow or in sub-
stance, to control the Exeeutive in the full
exercise of the power of removal.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I suppose
if this motion to recede succeeds the bill of
the House will be considered as passed by the
Senate. Do I misapprehend the rule, sir ?
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
the effect of the motion to recede if carried.
It would remove the disagreement between
the two Houses and pass the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives originally.
Mr. HOWARD. So I supposed. I have
but a few words to say on the subject of this
motion. I hope it will not prevail. I hope
the Senate will not recede from, the amend-
ment it made to the bill of the House, but that
we shall have a committee of conference to
take the whole matter into consideration
calmly, dispassionately, deliberately, and report
to both Houses the result of their labors.
Surely this is the usual way on such occasions.
Surely I think it becomes us to move carefully,
cautiously, and deliberately, as well as cour-
teously, upon this momentous subject.
Sir, I cannot vote for the absolute repeal of
the tenure-of-offi.ee act. I speak it deliber-
ately and upon the most careful consideration.
I believe the principle of the act to be in strict
accordance with the Constitution of the United
States, and the power it contains is a salutary
power which ought not to be abandoned.
At the same time 1 am entirely willing, nay,
anxious as any member of this body or of the
other body can be, to remove out of the way
of the present Executive, in whom I have every
confidence, all obstacles to the appointment
of officers who are to discharge the executive
i duties of the country. But while I am thus
I anxious, while my confidence is fixed and y
' established in the sagacity andWIsdoffL 
present Executive, I «an°ot .al?a,n<1'i0JiTul
krya principle in the administration of the
government as that which is embodied in the
