•830
THE COJSTGR1SSIONAL (xLOBfi.
Marci 29,
considerations, that when gentlemen stand up
here or elsewhere to assert that the President
has from the Constitution the power to remove
they make the assertion without due consider-
ation. I shall go on with the few remarks I
have to make on the remaining portions of
this ease upon the assumption that the whole
pretense that the President has the power to
remove is a mere pretense urged for partisan
reasons, and has always been so ; and the evi-
dence of that does not lie in my opinion ; it
is found in the records, the meager records of
the debates which have accompanied each of
these struggles.
But look at the controversy before the Sen-
ate to-day. What is it? The House of Rep-
resentatives sent to us a bill by which it is pro-
posed to repeal the act of the 2d of March,
1867,'and the Senate sent back to them a sub-
stitute for that which proposes something very
different, which proposes a modification, a very
essential modification or amendment of the act
of March 2, 1867. Suppose, after all, that I
am wrong as to this constitutional question;
suppose the President had the power to re-
move, then the act of March 2, 1867, was
clearly unconstitutional, and being unconstitu-
tional, was null and void ; and so if you accept
the House bill and repeal the law you only
make it null, you cannot make it any more
null than it is. Repealing it simply makes it
no law ; but if the Constitution be in conflict
with it, that being the supreme law. the act
falls and is no law. Why, then, should we
spend our time—I appeal to those few Demo-
crats who are found here brave enough still to
assert that the President has the power to re-
move—why are they anxious to spend their
strength and the time of the Legislature in
clamoring for the repeal of a law which is of
no more force than the paper on which it is
written? And if this be the true theory, I
ask my friends on this side why should we
spend our time in trying to amend that which
cannot be amended?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow
me to answer that question ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer is a very
simple one. He will recollect at the time of
the impeachment trial it was contended by the
managers on the part of the House and by
several Senators in their written opinions that
even although the law was unconstitutional the
President ought to obey it; if he violated it
he was liable to impeachment. Why leave such
a point open?
Mr. HOWE. I did not remember that that
position was assumed by the learned managers
who conducted the impeachment of the late
President. If it was urged I think the honor-
able Senator from Maine would agree with me
thatit was a mistaken proposition; and I should
hope the Senator from Maine would agree with
me that it was not essential that we should call
the Congress of the United States to occupy a
session in an effort to rebut the argument of
the late managers on the conduct of the im-
peachment of the President of the United
States. That argument can be answered at less
expense and with less time. It is not neces-
sary to occupy a whole Congress to put a stat-
ute on the book to repeal it. So that I do not
see any reason why we should spend time here
to amend that which cannot be amended. I
suppose we are not authorized to understand
from the interrogatory which the Senator from
Maine has inteqected that he is one of those
who asserts that the act of March 2, 1867, is
unconstitutional.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly not. Now, sir, if,
as I conclude, the President has not the power
to remove an officer under the Constitution,
then we have this power to legislate ; then it
is proper to legislate; and the only question
remaining is, how shall we legislate? What
shall we do? I have mentioned what the two
questions before us are. One is repeal, the
other is a modification, the preeise character
of which I shall have to mention presently.
Suppose we repeal the act of March 2, 1867,
what will be the condition of the law, and what
will be the authority of the President then ?
That is all that the act of the House asks, as I
understand ; that is all that their bill as it came
to us proposes Wipe the law of March 2,
1867. from the books, and then the President
would have just as much power to remove as
has been conferred upon him by law, and no
more. We have already concluded that he
has no power of removal under the Constitu-
tion. * Then he has none except it has been
conferred upon him by law. What power has
been conferred upon him by law? It is claimed
that in 1789, when the three Departments of
State, of the Treasury, and, I think, of War
were created by three several acts, neither of
which shall I take the time to refer to, there
was power given to the President to remove at
pleasure in the recess of the Senate those
three officers. Concede that those acts have
that construction. It is rather a strained con-
struction, but 1 have no doubt the Congress
which passed those acts intended that they
should have that effect. They have had that
effect; that power has been exerted; and
therefore I will concede for the purposes of
this argument that under the laws of Congress
the President would have power, when the act
of March 2, 1867, is repealed, to remove those
three officers. Wrhat other officers could he
reach bythe power of removal? The only other
act that I know of conferring upon the Presi-
dent any power to remove civil officers in the
recess of the Senate is the act of May 15, 1820.
I do not read from the statute. I find the
clause at hand in a book before me, and I
read it as follows
That from and after the passage of this act, all
district attorneys, collectors of the customs, naval
officers, and surveyors of the customs, Navy agents,
receivers of the public moneys for lands registers of
the land offices, paymasters in the Navy, theanothe-
cary general, the assistant apothecaries general, and
the commissary general of purchases, to be appointed
under the laws by the President of the United States,
shall be appointed for the term of four years.hut shall
be removable from office at pleasure."
There are certain officers enumerated, andit
is declared that they shall hold for a given
period of time, but shall be removable at pleas-
ure. At whose pleasure? The act does not say.
Practice has, 1 think, settled it that the act
meant at the pleasure of the President. Con-
cede it for the purpose of this argument. What
then? I have said I have not ransacked the
whole body of the Statutes-at-Large, and I do
not positively know ttiat there are not other
acts conferring upon the President power to
remove other officers. These are the only ones
upon which my eye has yet lighted, and there-
fore I conclude that when you have repealed
the act of March 2, 1867, the President will
find himself once more, as his predecessors
have been, clothed, by virtue of these acts re-
member, with the power—a legislative power—
to remove from office, in the recess of the Sen-
ate, three ministers of State and the offieers
enumerated in this act; but every postmaster
in the land, every officer employed in the inter-
nal revenue service, the great bulk of the
civil officers to-day employed in the civil ser-
vice, could, in spite of the repeal of the act of*
March 2, 1867, parade by the White House,
each bearing his own head on his own shoulders,
utterly fearless of the executive power to re-
move him. That would be the state of the law
if the House bill was concurred in, if the act
of March 2, 1867, was simply repealed, and
there was the end of it.
What will be the state of the law if we intend
to insist upon the amendment agreed to by the
Senate? Then, it is true, the President could
not remove, in terms, anybody ; but it is equally
true that he could suspend at his pleasureevery
single officer employed in the civil service, in-
cluding the Comptroller of the Currency—turn
him out from the discharge of the duties of the
office and from the receipt of the emoluments
of the office, and keep him out forever. That
is the effect of the provision agreed to by the
Senate. I know that that provision declares
that he shall report the suspension to the Sen-
ate. What for? That the Senate may pass
Upon its propriety. Why pass upon its pro-
priety ? if the Senate should pronounce that
the man ought not to h'ave been suspended,
what then? Does that restore him to office?
Certainly not, for the provision expressly is
that in spite of that decision the new appointee
shall continue to hold—how long? Until the
Senate shall have adjourned. What then?
The infererfce is that then, when the Senate
has disapproved of the suspension and has
adjourned, the old incumbent will comeback
and take possession of his office. Why, sir,
that is not the intention ©f the act and not the
effect of it, and if the President were disposed
to act upon his own judgment rather than upon
the judgment of the Senate, that would not be
the practical operation of it, because the mo-
ment the Senate is gone that moment the power
of suspension is remitted to the President again,
so that the old ineumbent comes back under
this clause of the law to take possession of his
office only to meet a new suspension. The
plain, practical effect of the provision which
the Senate agreed to the other day was to
clothe, as I say, the President with the power,
not to remove an officer, but to suspend every
civil officer, and to keep him out of office just
as long as he pleases to keep him from the
office, in spite of the Senate.
Looking upon it in that light I was not able
to vote for the Senate's amendment the other
day, and I cannot agree to it to-day. But, as
I understand the parliamentary law pronounced
just now from the chair, I am placed in this
predicament: if I vote to recede, which is the
pending motion, I am already informed that
that is equivalent to voting to agree to the bill
of the House, and so by that vote I shall have
voted to pass a law which repeals the act of
March 2, 1867. I cannot afford to vote for
that repeal, and therefore 1 cannot afford to
vote to recede. But in voting to insist upon
the amendment of the Senate I feel bound to
explain, frankly and candidly, that I vote to
insist, not because I approve of that provision,
for I have already said that I did not approve
of it, and when it was pending did not vote for
it, but I vote to insist simply because it offers
to us an opportunity of getting a conference
with the other House upon the whole subject,
and because I have a hope that a committee
representing both Houses coming together may
find some proposition which will be agreeable
to the legislative department of the Govern-
ment, including the President of the United
States as a part of it.
Although I have not up to this time said
anything about the expediency of clothing the
President with the power of removal, although
I have not said anything about the expediency
of repealing the act of March 2, 1867, I have
a word or two to say now upon that point. The
first argument, and I think the loudest if not
the most potential one urged, is that the Pres-
ident demands that repeal. My reply to that
is that I do not believe it. I do not believe the
President makes any such demand. It is unlike
him to make ademand fortheenactmentofany
kind of a law. I have no doubt the Presi-
dent would recommend any measure which he
thought the best interests of this country re-
quired with perfect frankness and perfect can-
dor and perfect honesty; but that the President
makes any demand upon this or the other House
I do not believe. I do not believe it because,
as I said before, it is unlike him ; and I do not
believe it because 1, who happen to be for the
time being a Senator, have met him repeat-
edly, and 1 have not heard of any such demand.
1 have reason to believe that the President
would prefer the repeal of the act of March 2,
1867. I heard the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] say the other day that we should
act in utter disregard of his wishes; that we
were responsible to the country for the exer-
cise of our own powers; we must hold our-
selves responsible, and therefore ought to legis-
late without reference to the wishes of the
President ou this point. Taken with certain
qualifications I think that was very good doc-
