1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
to stand upon a principle ; and it is because I
believe that the principle of this law is wrong,
because I believe it is opposed to the best inter-
ests of the country, because I believe that to
have an efficient and honest and thorough
administration of the affairs of this Government
in the executive branch you must have power
where there is responsibility, that I arn opposed
to if.
But I was about to say that the time was
auspicious for removing this trammel upon the
Executive. There never has been a period in
the history of this Government, at least during
the last thirty or forty years, when we had men
of such character at the head of all branches
of our Government; men whose names render
the history of our country illustrious ; men the
fame of whose renown and the integrity and
purity of whose characters are known all over
the world. Look at your President; look at
your Cabinet officers; look at the great heads
of your Army : at your Shermans, your Grants,
your Sheridans, your Washingtonian Thomas;
look at the character of your Supreme Court,
and every patriot will take courage and feel
that a class of men are at the head of affairs in
whom the country and the world and the friends
of truth and justice may well have confidence.
The country has confidence in them, and hence
comes the demand for the repeal of this tenure-
of-office law—a restraint placed upon a bad
President at a peculiar crisis, and which they
feel is not now necessary. Let me tell Senators
that the demand for the repeal of this law does
not come simply from the office-seekers who
are said to fill our galleries ; but it comes from
the House of Representatives ; and it comes
from the people of this country.
Mr. President, the very idea of this law, if
it has one, is that removals shall only be made
for cause. The very theory of the law is to
increase the efficiency and the honesty of the
public service by preventing removals except
for cause. If it means anything it means that
men shall not be turned out of office simply
because of political opinion: I ask Senators
if that is what we want? I ask if there is a
Republican Senator on this floor who is not
daily requiring or asking that men shall be
turned out of office simply because of political
opinions? Isit quite fair in us when we, each
one of us, daily ask the President of the United
States to remove men without cause, except
it be for political opinion, to hold this law up
in his face, the principle of which is that he
shall not remove men except for cause? These
aie facts well known to all of us. I am free to
assert that 1 want every Democrat in my State
removed from office; and why? Because I
can find men, and the President can find men
to fill their places equally as competent,
equally as honest, equally as efficient, who are
members of the Republican party, and who
helped to socure its triumph. _ While this law
is kept in force, which asserts in principle that
removals shall only be made for cause," no
Senator will contend that political opinion is a
cause of removal in the eye of the law. I say
that when w$ assert that in this law, and then
demand as the country demands, as the party
demands everywhere, that removals shall be
made without cause, we are putting the Presi-
dent of the United States in aposition in which
he ought not to be placed.
If he is true to the idea and spirit of this
Jaw he cannot, in answer to our demands, re-
move men except it be for cause other than
political opinion. Not only do we do that, but
we even discriminate among men of our own
party. Both the great political parties not only
adopt the theory that "to the victors belong
ihe spoils," but we go a step further, and we
s.iv that to the foremost of the victors, to the
most gallant in the political fight, shall belong
the offices ; and the party requires that even
men wlro are Republicans shall be removed
from office simply because they have not done
as much service as others. Now, letus be true
to our own ideas on this s'ubject. The question
before us is simply of the wisdom ot this law.
Whether it be constitutional or unconstitu-
tional, it is a power conferred upon the Senate
by the two Houses of Congress. We got it by
an act of Congress, and we can repeal it by an
act of Congress. I hope the motion to recede
will prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that at
the request of the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chakdleii] I have paired off with him. He is
called away by the death of a relative. On
this motion I would have voted to recede, and
he would have voted against receding.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 87 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Davis,
Ifenton, Fessendon, Kowler, Grimes, MeCreery, Mc-
Donald, Morton, Pool, Itobertfcon, Boss, Sprague,
ritockton, Thayer, Tkumian, Yickers, and War-
ner—20.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,Brown -
low, Buckingham,Oa moron, Carpenter, Cattetl, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Gilbert, Ilam-
lin, Harlan, Harris. Howard, Ilowe,Kellogg, Morrill,
Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, itiee.
Sawyer, Sehurz, Scott. Spencer, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—37.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Corbett. Hamilton,
Norton, Osborn, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, and
Yates—9.
So the motion to recede was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that the Senate insist
upon its amendment disagreed to by the House,
and ask for the appointment of a committee
of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
taken to be the sense of the Senate if there be
no objection ; and the Chair will appoint Mr.
Trumbull, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Grimes as
the committee on the part of the Senate. The
Senate will now resume the consideration of
the currency bill.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 29, 1869.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. ,T. G. Butler.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of States and
Territories, commencing with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions to be referred to their appropriate
committees, not to be brought back into the
House by motions to reconsider. During this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order.
FREDERICK IIOWES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, intro-
duced a bill (H. R- No. 274) for the relief of
Frederick Howes ; which was read a first and
seeond time, and referred to the Committee
on Patents.
COLLECTION OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 55) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to collect
internal revenue now due and uncollected by
reason of false or fraudulent returns ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
NATIONAL LAND COMPANY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 275) to incorporate a
national land company for providing lauds
for immigrants and freedmen in the late slave-
holding States; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved
that the bill be referred to the Committee oa
Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS. That bill relates to a land
company. It ought to go to the Committee on
the Public Lands. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts so
as to refer it to that committee.
The amendment was adopted; and the
motion to refer, as amended, was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
270) to repeal certain provisions in appropria-
tion bills relative to the Patent Office; which,
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Patents.
PAY FOR TAKING THE CENSUS.
Mr. DOCKERY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 277) to pay loyal citizens in the States
lately in rebellion for services in taking the
United States census of 1860; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
POST ROUTE IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. DOCKERY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 278) for the establishment of a postal
route in North Carolina; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
OAK HILL CEMETERY.
Mr. DOCKERY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 279) to amend the charter of the Oak
Hill cemetery, in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
SALE 0E GOVERNMENT PROPERTY.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 280) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell Government property
at Plymouth, North Carolina; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 281) to relieve John
T. Wheeler, of North Carolina, of political dis-
abilities: which was read a first and second
time, anil referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 282) to relieve John
A. McLean, of Virginia, of his political dis-
abilities: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction.
ROANOKE RIVER, NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 283) making an ap-
propriation to remove obstructions from the
Roanoke river, in North Carolina ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
SETTLEMENT OP ACCOUNTS.
Mr. WHITTEMORE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 284) to authorize the settlement of cer-
tain accounts; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
STATUARY FOR THE CAPITOL.
Mr. WHITTEMORE also introduced ajoint
resolution (H. R. No. 50) to enable the Sec-
retary of the Interior to contract with Fisk
Mills for a group of statuary for the south
wing of the Capitol; which was read a nrst
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
UNCONSTITUTIONAL OFFICE-HOLDING.
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill (H. R.
No 285) to punish the crime of holding otfice
in 'violation of the Constitution; which was
