834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committe  oil Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
trust funds'.
Mr. LAWRENCE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 286) in relation to trust funds; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revision of Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
mrs. sarah gillette.
Mr. HOAG introduced a bill (EC. R. No. 287)
granting a pension to Mrs. Sarah Gillette,
■widow of James Gillette ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee oa Invalid Pensions.
elections in territories
Mr. LAWRENCE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 288) to preserve the purity of. elections in
the Territories of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
ellis and turner.
Mr. ARNELL presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee,
for the relief of Ellis and Turner, scouts of
the United States during the late rebellion ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
post roads in tennessee.
Mr. ARNELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
289) to establish certain post roads in the
State of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, ar.d ordered
to be printed.
0. b. davis "
Mr. ARNELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 290) for the relief of C. B. Davis, of Ten-
nessee, from legal and political disabilities;
which was read a first and second time, anil
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
land grants to louisiana.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
291) to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to the State of Louisiana
to aid in constructing railroads therein; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
ratification of amendments.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 57) providing the manner of rati-
fying the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States by the several States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
ereedmen's labor sciiool.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 58) instructing the Secretary
of War to appropriate surplus, waste, and con-
demned property within theDistrict of Colum-
bia for the purpose of establishing and main-
taining in the District of Columbia a labor
school forfreedmen, to become self-sustaining,
and in which will be taught the art of labor to
the colored people ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Preedmen's Affairs.
artificial limbs, etc.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 59) instructing the Commit-
tee on the Militia to report a bill providing for
furnishing artificial limbs and other supports
to honorably discharged soldiers and seamen
when needed, from time to time, during their
natural lives ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Militia.
soldiers' homes olotiiino.
Mr, SHANKS also introduced a joint reso-
lution {H. R. No. 60) instructing the Commit-
tee on the Mijjtja to report a bill directing the
Secretary of War to furnish clothing to inmates
©f .all legallyestablisjwd soldiers' homes in the
several States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Militia.
oyster tax—virginia.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 61) to suspend the oyster
tonnage tax of Virginia ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
g old currency.
Mr. JUDD introduced a bill (H. R. No. 292)
to regulate the method of converting gold into
currency, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
r. b. hatch.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 62) in relation to the settlement of
the accounts of R. B. Hatch, late a quarter-
master in the volunteer service; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
mrs. catharine r. roberts.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 293) granting a pension to Mrs.
Catharine R. Roberts, widow of Benjamin F.
Roberts, deceased, late a private in company
K, sixty-second Illinois volunteer infantry;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
probate court in the district.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
294) to establish a probate court in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
claim against st. louis.
Mr. FINKELNBURG introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 63) releasing the claim
of the United States against the c'ty of St.
Louis ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
post routes in missouri.
Mr. ASPER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
295) to establish certain post routes in the State
of Missouri; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
st. joseph, missouri.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (H. R
No. 296) to create a port of entry and delivery
at St. Joseph, Missouri ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 297) making an appropriation for a custom-
house in the city of St. Joseph, Missouri;
which was read a fkst and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
equalization of bounty.
Mr. BOYD presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Missouri, concerning
the equalization of bounties to soldiers in the
late war ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
william c. johnson.
Mr. DYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
298) granting a pension to William C. Johnson,
a soldier in the war of 1812 ; which was road
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and of
the War of 1812.
consolidation 01' indian tribes, etc.
Mr. VAN HORN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 299) to provide for the consolidation of
the Indiau tiibes, and to organize a system of
government ill the Indian territory ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
james ii. turner and others.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
300) to remove legal and political disabilities
from James H. Turner, Francis McNally, and
Bernard Fitzpatrick, of Arkansas; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction.
edward c. wilson.
Mr. ROGERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 801) to remove legal and political disabil-
ities from Edward C. Wilson, of Arkansas;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Reconstruction.
ontonagon harbor, michigan,
Mr. FERRY presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ask-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for the
completion of the harbor at the mouth of
Ontonagon river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
lakes erie and michigan ship-canal.
Mr. FERRY also presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Michigan,
asking for an appropriation to survey the route
between the river Raisin and the St. Joseph
river, in the State of Michigan, for the purpose
of ascertaining the feasibility of a ship-canal
between Lakes Erie and Michigan ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
mineral range railroad, michigan.
Mr. STRICKLAND presented a joint res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, asking for a grant of land to aid in
the construction of the Mineral Range railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
sheboygan harbor, michigan.
Mr. STRICKLAND presented a joint res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, asking an appropriation to improve
the harbor at the mouth of Sheboygan river,
on the straits of Mackinaw ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
railroad in michigan.
Mr. STRICKLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, asking for the right of way and aid
to the State of Michigan for a railroad from
the shore of Green bay to the iron district in
Meuomonee county, Michigan; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
lakes erie and michigan ship-canal.
Mr. STRICKLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, for an appropriation for a corps of
engineers to survey a route for a ship-canal
from Lake Erie to Lake Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ontonagon harbor, michigan.
Mr. STRICKLAND also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, asking for an appropriation to com-
plete the harbor at Ontonagon, Michigan;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
post route in iowa.
Mr. LOUGITRIDGE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 302) to establish a post route from
Washington, Towa, to North English ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
model schools in the district.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE also introduced a bill
to establish a system of schools for the Dis-
trict of Columbia which shall serve as a model
forsimilar institutions throughout the nation ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, at the
last session a bill similar to this was referred
to a special committee, and I move that this
bill be referred to a select committee, to consist
of five members.
Mr. WELKER. I think this bill had better
be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
The motion of Mr. Loughridge was not
agreed to.
