1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
Mr. WELKER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. LOUGHBIDGE. I withdraw the bill.
homesteads to actual settlers.
Mr. POJ1EROY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
303) amendatory of an act entitled "An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain;" which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
bureau of statistics.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
304) to abolish the Bureau of Statistics in the
Treasury Department; which was read a fiist
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment, and ordered to be printed.
fur-bearing animals.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 305) to prevent the extermination of fur-
bearing animals in Alaska, and to regulate the
fur-seal trade at the islands of St. George and
St. Paul, in the territory of Alaska; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
government of alaska.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 306) to provide a temporary govern-
ment ior the territory of Alaska; which was
read a iirst and second tune, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
il'umgating canals in california.
Mr. AXTELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
807) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a canal or canals for irrigating purposes in
the State of California ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
land district in california.
Mr. JOHNSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 308) creating a new land district in the
State of California ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
k. s weston.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 309) for the relief of R. S. Weston,
postmaster of Forest City, Sierra county,
California ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on tlie
Post Office and Post Roads.
canal in california.
Mr. JOHNSON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 310) granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a eanal for navigation and irriga-
tion purposes in the State of California.; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
absentee shawnee lands.
Mr. CLARKE presented a concurrent reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas, memorial-
izing Congress to provide by law for the sale
of absentee Shawnee lands to actual settlers at
$1 25 per acre ; which was read a first and
second tune, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
railroad in nevada.
Mr. FITCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
811) granting lands to the State of Nevada to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Central Pacific railroad
to the Colorado river ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
oliver p. mass0n.
Mr TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R- No.
312) for the relief of Oliver P. Masaon ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
DWIGHT J. M'CASN.
Mr. TAFFE also introduced a bill. (H. R.
No. 313) for the relief of Dwight, J. McCaun ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
heirs of qerracio nolan.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 314) to confirm the title of the heirs of
Gerraeio Nolan, deceased, to certain lands in
the Territory of Colorado; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
1>ublic buildings in colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill (H. ,
R. No. 315) setting aside certain proceeds from j
internal revenue in the Territory of Colorado !
for the erection of public buildings; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Territories.
suspended accounts.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 310)
to authorize the settlement of certain suspended
accounts in the Treasury Department; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
decrees of united states courts.
Mr. HALE also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
317) to carry into effect two several decrees of
the districfecourt of the United States for the
district of Louisiana in the cases of the British
vessels Volant and Science ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HALE also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
318) to carry into effect the decree of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district
of Louisiana in the ease of the British brig
Dashing Wave and her cargo ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
appeals from consular courts.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
319) to regulate appeals from the consular courts
of the United States in foreign countries; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
perpetuation of testimony.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
320) to perpetuate testimony in the courts of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revision of Laws of the Lnited States.
charges upon boats.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 321) to regulate charges upon boats not |
used for carrying passengers nor propelled by
sails or steam; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
duties on lumber and timber.
Mr. CHURCHILL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 322) to regulate the duties on "lumber
and timber ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
iiarbor. of port ontario.
Mr. CHURCHILL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 323) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor of Port Ontario,
New York ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
harbors in wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
324) to make an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbors of Milwaukee, Racine, and
Kenosha, in Wisconsin: which was read a tirst
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
appeals to the supreme court.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 325) to repeal the first section of an act
relating to appeals to the Supreme Court;
which was read a first and second time, ana
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
postal laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 326) further to amend the postaliaws ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
continuance op appropriation.
Mr. ARCHER introduced a bill (H. B. Ho.
327) to prevent an appropriation therein men-
tioned from lapsing because of delay in adjust-
ment ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
richard m. green.
Mr. ARCHER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 328) for the payment of Richard M. Green
for the use of his patent by the Government;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on iNaval Affairs.
jerry gordon.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 329) granting a pension to Jerry Gordon;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
sisters of our lady of mercy.
Mr. BOWEN introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 64) for the relief of the Sisters of
our Lady of Mercy, of Charleston, South Caro-
lina ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
rk5i0val of political disabilities.
Mr WHITTEMORE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 830) to relieve certain persons from
political disabilities: which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed.
ohdur of business.
The SPEAKER. The call for bills and
joint resolutions on leave for reference having
been concluded, the next business in order
during the morning hour is the call of States
for resolutions, beginning with the State or
Ohio, where the call rested at, the expiration
of the morning hour on Monday last. Dunng
this call bills and joint resolutions can be
introduced and put upon their passage.
pacific railroad.
Mr. BINGHAM submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which lie demanded
the previous question:
Whereason the 3d of Maroh'186?Son-'^-at.!®Hr^ouhrJ
befoie the dissolution of the laio Adin nis.I:iatl'
fhrpptum ot President Johnson United butts ooncis
to the immuitot §2,400.000 were prepared for issue,
and $1.400,OOO of such bonds actually issu®d. to 1the
fSmtvi Pacific railroad of California on account ot
the alleged construction of certain sections ot their
^ ai dw&U?t is alleged in ^ p~oft on
illegally approved by the !at.e®®"eHrre°by his own
nor at a time when commissioner, we«: by £1S
direction investigating to f^f^iSVhTterests and
most advantageous line for the public interest.,^
woAhad beenperformed0 to 1the value OU20.000 per
«~Wed°thoW?&H®
are recovered and canoeieu, linirpd States ill
taken to protect the interests of the Unntd btates m
a great public work : liioroloK1, p -f ,
Kezolved, That the Committee on the Pacific itau
road be instructed to investigate immeaiatoiy tne
circumstances attending the issue of United ^
bonds to the Central to
for persons and papers and to exami
oath.
i The question was upon seconding e p
! T'Tr VOOD I suggest to the ge^man
! from Ohio [Mr. bixgham]
1
P The npoa lecoLdinj? the
