THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March-29,
previous question j and upon a division there
were—ayes 63, noes 33; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr, bingham and
Mr. Wood were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes ninet.y, noes
not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the preamble and
resolution were adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble and resolution
were adopted; and also moved lhatthe motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lanjian's dictionary op congress.
Mr. MUNGEN submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to purchase
two thousand copies of the latest edition of Laornan's
Dictionary ot Congress, for the use of members of
this House; Provided, The same shall include a rec-
ord of the Forty-First Congress, and that the cost per
copy shall not exceed the price hitherto paid by the
Senate.
Tho question was upon seconding the p>-e
vious question.
" Mr, BEAMAN. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
committee-rooms old hall.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That thearchitect of the Capitol ishereby
instructed to change theoldliall of Representatives
into committcc-rooms of convenient size, and that
the expense of the same be paid from the contingent
fund of the House, the change to becompleted before
the reassembling of Congress in December next;
Provided, That said architect shall first submit the
plan to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, with estimates of the cost ot the proposed
ciiitiige, and that the same shall receive the approval
of said committee.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope this resolution
will not be pressed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. My point of order is that
this is a House resolution which proposes to
interfere with a law of the land, which law
makes the old Hall of Representatives a hall
of statuary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that the respective
branches of Congress control the disposition
of that part of the Capitol in their respective
control.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee-rooms.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Speaker is hereby authorized
to assign to the use of the Committee on Appropria-
tions the room now occupied by the Committee of
Ways and Means; that the room now occupied as the
House postoffice ishereby assigned to the v.se of the
Committee of Ways and Means; and that the House
postoffice is hereby directed to bo removed to the
room now occupied by the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
The question was up'on seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 71, noes 49.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote "by which the resolution was laid on the
table ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter.motion was agreed to.
tax on bonds, etc.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That as a means of relief to the people
and in some degree to equalise taxation the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means be, and said committee
is hereby, ins ructedto report a bill, first, to exempt
salt, tea, coffee, sugar, matches, and tobacco from
every species of taxation for Federal purposes; sec-
ond, to impose a tax of two and a half per cent, in
gold on all bonds heretofore is&ued or which may
hereafter be issued by the Government of the United
States.
The question was upon seconding the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to' the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. MorganJ to modify
his resolution so as to instruct the committee
to inquire into the expediency of doing what he
proposes.
Mr. MORGAN. I decline to modify it.
Mr. HOO^E'Fj ot Massachusetts. I move
that i&e resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it jpas decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 41, not vot-
ing 515 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Armstrong,
Arnell, Asper,Bailey,Banks, Beaman,Beatty, Ben-
nett, Bmghain, Blair, Boles. Bowen, Bufimton, Bur-
dett, Cessna,Churchill,Clarke, AmasaCobb,Coburn,
Conger, Cowles, Dawes, Dixon, Donley, Duval,
Farnsworth, Ferriss. Finkelnburg, Fisher. Fitch,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hawley, Hoar, Hooper,
Hopkins. Ilotchki^, Jenekes, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
Logan, Lynch, Maynard. McCarthy, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, Mercur, Eiiakim H.Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley.O'Neill,
Orth,Packard, Paine, Palmer, Peters, Poland, Poine-
roy, Prosser, Boots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, John A.Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, William Smyth, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tafi'e, Tanner, Till-
man, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, van Horn, Cadwala-
der C. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wclker,
Wheeler, Whitteraore, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson,and Winans—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Aicher, Axtell, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Burr, Crebs, Deweese, Dickinson, Eldiidge, Fox,
Golladay, Griswold, Iiaight. Haldeman, llolman,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Marshall, Mayhara, Mc-
Cormick, McNeely, Morgan, Mungen, ^lblack, Pot-
ter, Beading, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sehumnker,
Swann, Sweeney,Tumble, Van Aukon, Van Trump,
Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wiis.011, Wood, aud
W ood ward—41.
JtfOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Ben-
ton, Boyd, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butter, Roderick R.
Butler, Cake, Calkin, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Ooolt, Cullom, Davis, Dickey, Dockery, Oyer, Ela,
Ferry. Getz, Greene, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Hay, Heaton, Hill, Hoag, Ingersoll,
Alexander II. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Loughridge,
Moffet, Jesse H. Moore, Morrissey, Packer. Phelps,
Randall,Slocum, JosephS. Smith, William J.Smith,
Stevens, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Townsend, Ward,
Winchester, and Witcher—51.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. TRIMBLE said My colleague, Mr.
Knott, is confined to his room by sickness.
If he were here he would vote u no."
Mr. WARD (when the roll-call had been
concluded) said: I was not in the House
during the roll-call, and therefore cannot vote;
but 1 desire to say that if I had been here I
should have voted to lay this resolution on the
table.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
joint committee on ordnance.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the first business in order is the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] pending at the adjournment last
Monday, to suspend the rules for the purpose
of adopting the resolution which will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (th e Sen ate
concurring,) That a joint select Committee on Ord-
nance, to consist of three members of the Senate and
three members of the House, be appointed by the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses, to continue
during the Forty-First Congress, with the same pow-
ers and duties as were conferred upon the select
Committee on Ordnance of the Fortieth Congress,
and to whom all matters yet undisposed of which
were referred to the Committee on Ordnance of the
Fortieth Congress shall be referred.
On agreeing to the motion to suspend the
rules there were—ayes 18, noes 45 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Schenck and
Mr. Fox were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 51, noes 62.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
speaker's table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to,
pat, etc., of congressional employes.
The first business on the Speaker's table wa?
thefollowingresolution, adopted by the Senate
on the 15th instant:
Resolved, (the House concurring,) That the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate and the Committee on Accounts of the
House of Representatives be a joint committee for
the purpose of perfecting and reporting a bill or bills
defining the number, duties, and compensation of
the employes of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that this resolution
be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
lighting, etc., op legislative halls.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following resolution, adopted by the
Senate on the 18th instant;
Reiolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That a joint select committee be appointed, to
consist of three members of the Senate and three
members of the House of Representatives, to exam-
ine into the present condilion of the Senate Chamber
and of tho Hall of the House of Representatives as
regards lighting, heating, and ventilation, and their
acoustic properties, and the defects and disadvan-
tages existing in the same, and the best method of
providing remedies therefor; and that they have
eave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to concur in tho
passage of the resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS. I move to refer it to tho
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The question being taken on the latter motion
it was agreed to.
absentee shawnee lands.
The next basiness on the Speaker's tablo
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 8) for the
relief of settlers upon the absentee Shawnee
lands in Kansas.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I move its reference to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. CLARKE. This has been once tempo-
rarily laid aside. I ask the same disposition
of it now.
By unanimous consent the resolution was
temporarily laid aside.
judicial system.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial
system of the United States ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that the Supreme Court
of the United States shall hereafter consist of
the Chief Justice of the United States and
eight associate justices, any six of whom shall
constitute a quorum ; and for this purpose there
shall be appointed an additional associate jus-
tice of said court.
Section two provides that for each of the
nine existing judicial circuits there shall be
appointed a circuit judge, who shali reside in
his circuit, and shall possess the same power
and jurisdiction therein as the justice of the
Supreme Court allotted to the circuit. The
circuit courts in each circuit shall be held by
the justice of the Supreme Court alh-tted to
the circuit, or by the circuit judge of the cir-
cuit, or by the district judge of the district
sitting alone, or by the justice of the Supreme
Court and circuit judge sitting together, in
which case the justice of the Supreme Court
shall preside, or in the absence of either of
