1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
them by the other, who shall preside, and the
district judge. And such courts may be held
at the same time in the different districts of
the same circuit; and more than one such
court, by direction of the presiding justice or
judge, who shall designate the business to be
done in each, may be held at the same time in
the same district. The circuit judges shall
each receive an annual salary of $5,000.
Section three provides that nothing in this
act shall affect the powers of the justices of the
Supreme Court as judges of the circuit court.
Section four makes it the duty of each of
the justices of the Supreme Court to attend at
least one term of the circuit court in each dis-
trict of iiis circuit during every period of two
years.
Section five gives the appointment of the
clerks of the circuit court to the circuit judges,
and of the district court to the district judges,
provided that the present clerks of said courts
shall continue in office till other appointments
be made in their places or they be otherwise
removed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
move an amendment to this bill.
Mr. AltNELL. Has this been referred to
the Judiciary Committee of the House?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. ARNELL. V/ould it be in order to
refer it ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is recognized as entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. t The bill was referred to
the Judiciary Committee of the House.
The SPEAKER. In the Fortieth Congress ?
Mr. BINGHAM. In the Forty-First Con-
gress—House bill No. 10. The whole subject
has been considered by the committee, and I am
instructed by the committee to report the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, &g., Tbat the Supreme Court of the United
States shall hercaiter consist of thcChief Justice of
the United Sta'es and eight associato justices, any
six of whom shall constitute a quorum, and of such
justices of said court as shall have been excusedand
rutuud from active duty under the provisions of this
act, and lor this purpose there shall be appointed an
additional associate justice of said court.
SiJC. 2. And be it further enacted, That for each of
tho nine existing judicial circuits there shall be ap-
pointed a circuit. judge, who shall reside in his circuit,
and shall possess the same power and jurisdiction
therein as the justice of the Supreme Court allotted
to the circuit. The circuit courts in cach circuit shall
be held by the justice of the Supreme Court allotted
to the circuit, or by the circuit judge of the circuit,
or by tho district judge ot the district sitting alone,
or by tho justice of the Supreme Court and circuit
judge sitting together, in which case the justice of
tho Supreme Court shall preside, or in the absence
of either of them, by the other (who shall preside)
and tho district judge. And such courts may bo held
at the samo time in the different districts of the same
circuit; and inure than one such court may be held at
tho same time in the samo district by direction of the
Presiding justice or judge, who shall designate tho
usiness to be done in cach: Provided. That no offi-
cer shall be allowed fees for attendance upon or ser-
vices in more than one of said courts at the same
time. The circuit judges shall each receive an an-
nual salary of $5,000.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shail affect the powers of the justices of the
Supreme Court as judges of the circuitcourt, except
in the appointment of clcrks of the circuit courts,
which in each circuit shall be appointed by the cir-
cuit judge of that ciicuit, and the clerks of the dis-
trict courts shall be appointed by the judges thereof
respectively: Provided, That the present clerks of
said courts shall continue in office until other ap-
pointments bemadem theirplaces, or they be other-
wise removed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
thedutyoftheChief Justice, and ofeachofthejustices
of the Supreme Court who shall not have been ex-
cused and retired-under tho provisions of this act,
to attend at least one term of the circuit court in
each district of his circuit during every period of
two yiSars.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That any judge of
any court of the United States who is now seventy
years of age. and that any judge thereof who shall
hereafter become seventy years of age. and who shall
have served at least ten years as such judge, may.
upon his tiling with the President a certificate of that
fact, be cxcuscd and retired from active service as
such judge; and thereafter he shall,during the time
he shall continue to hold said office, be entitled to
receive from the United S'ates the same salary that
he was bylaw entitled to at the time of filing his
certificate: Provided, That if any judge who shall
41st Coxg. lsx Sess.—No. 22.
have attained the aforesaid age shall be incompe-
tent, by reason of disease or infirmity, to make and
file such certificate, the facts of his age and incom-
petency may be proved by satisfactory evidence
before any judge of the Supreme Court; and upon
such justice filing his certificate of such facts with
the President the said judge shall thereupon bo ex-
cused and retired with like eifect as upon his own
certificate.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That within six
months after the filing with the President of either
of the certificates mentioned in section five of this
act, or if any judge of any of the courts of the United
States whose age now exceeds seventy years, or who
shall hereafter arrive at the age of seventy years,
shall for one year after the passage of this act, or
alter arriving at the ago of seventy 5rears, continue
to hold his office without filing such certificate, it
shall in either of such oases bo the duty of the Pres-
ident to nominate and appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, an additional
judge for the said court, who shall have the samo
power and perform tho same duties and receive the
same compensation as the judge then acting in such
court, or who shall be retired and excused from so
acting, and shail, in connection with or in tho ab-
senco of his senior associate, hold the courts pre-
scribed by law for said senior or retired judge ; and
upon tho decease of said senior, associate, or retired
judge, or upon his ceasing for any cause to hold said
office, the said additional judge appointed under the
provisions of this actshall bo and become tho judgo
of such court.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to say to the House
tbat the amendment which I propose, and which
is recommended by the Judiciary Committee of
the House, in no manner changes substantially
the bill as it comes to us from the Senate, save
the additional provisions, just read in the hear-
ing of the-House, which authorize the several
judges of the courts of the United States who
have served ten years on the bench and who
have attained to the age of seventy years to
retire on their own motion from the active ser-
vice of the court upon their salaries, in which
event the court is to be supplied with an addi-
tional judge or judges; and the further pro-
vision that in the event of the incompetency of
the judge to make any statement on the subject
and to render any service in court testimony
may be taken showing his incompetency and his
age, as provided in the bill, in which ease it is
made lawful for the President to nominate and
the Senate to consent to the appointment of an
additional judge in hisplace, whether that judge
be a district judge or a justice or Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
These are the additions ; and it did occur to the
committee, if we meant to reform the judiciary
system of the United States at all in the mode
suggested by the Senate bill, to wit, byappoint-
ing nine additional circuit judges to hold courts
in the several nine circuitsof the United States
and thereby bring up the greatly accumulated
business of the United States courts, that system
must at last inevitably fail unless some such
provision be made as that suggested by the Ju-
diciary Committee strengthening the Supreme
Court to hear these cases upon appeal or error.
These arc tho considerations which have
moved the committee. It is not the opinion
of the committee, at least of the majority of
tho committee, thatany constitutional question
can possibly arise in the case for the reason,
of which the House will take notice, that the
Supreme Court by the express terms of the
proposed amendment is to consist of nine act-
ing judges, including the Chief Justice and
such of the judges of said court as may be
retired in pursuance of the provisions of this
act. It is clear by this provision that the
retired judges remain members of the court,
although they are not acting judges, nor their
presence required to constitute a quorum of
the court, being excused on account of the
infirmity of age.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question, but before doing so I will
sa^that I am in favor of the gentleman's bill,
but it occurred to me as it was read that the bill
leaves these gentlemen, after they are retired,
members of the court.
Mr. BINGHAM. It does.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And they can return to
the bench and vote upon any question they
see fit?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I thought the measure
ought to have required them to resign, and
then leave them in possession of their salary,
at full pay, and not leave them in a condition,
whenever they see fit, upon some vexed ques-
tion, to return to the bench and vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. That question was well
considered by the committee ; and I think I
am justified in saying that the committee are
of the opinion that it is not competent for tho
Congress of the United States under the Con-
stitution to pass any law requiring a judge of
the United States to resign.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know that very well;
it would have to be with their assent,; and it
will have to be with their assent to retire them
as proposed by this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think it but fair to con-
elude that when a judge, by reason of the in-
firmities of age, voluntarily retires from active
service, under the provisions of this law he will
voluntarily remain retired when he knows that
an acting judge to take his place has been
appointed and that by the Constitution his
salary cannot be diminished because of his
being still a judge of the court. Besides that,
I think tho majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary will concur with me further in this :
that they thought it was but just when a judge
eminent for his abilities, a judge in the Supreme
or district court of the United States who had
rendered great service during a long period of
his life upon the bench, should be permitted
by the authority of a law of the people to retire
from active service with all his judicial honors
upon him, retaining in his retirement the dig-
nity of his office, and receiving the full salary
during his old ago which he had so well earned
during the prime of his days.
I think the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] will bear me outin
saying that the great services rendered by the
illustrious man from his own State upon the
Supreme bench would justify this legislation.
We do not think that such a man ought to be
required, or requested, if you please, by a pub-
lic law to resign his ollice and become a mere
pensioner upon the bounty ofhis countrymen,
liable to be deprived of the pension by a mere
repeal of the law ; but that ho should remain a
judge of the court, having retired upon his own
motion, under the authority of law, and secure
in his salary for life by the irreversible pro-
vision of the Constitution that his " compen-
sation shall not be diminished during his con-
tinuance in office."
Mr. Speaker, there is another provision of
the amendment which may become very im-
portant, the provision which provides for re-
tiring incompetent judges and supplying their
places. Suppose a judge upon your Supreme
bench is struck by paralysis. He is unable to
tender his resignation or to take any action in
the premises. How can you supply his place
except by some such provision as this, which
provides for evidence being taken and for the
appointment of a judge to take his place as an
acting member of the court V It must occur to
members of the House that there is no room
for the impeachment of a United States judge
on account of the visitation of God. His com-
mission runs for life or during good behavior ;
and he cannot be removed by reason of having
been overtaken by disease, and thereby ren-
dered incapable of taking his place upon the
bench.
It is well known that at least two of the pres-
ent justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States, although they may live for years, will
not long be able, by reason of the infirmities
of age, to take their places upon the Supreme
bench. It" is well known that one of the most
eminent members of that bench is not able
to-day to reach the bench without being borne
to it by the hands of others. It is but fit and
proper that such a man should be given the
opportunity to retire upon his salary, carrying
with him his honors of officeand holding his
commission until the day of hisdeath. Ido not
say that he will retire. But this amendment
will give him the authority to retire, and it will
be giving him notice that it is the will^ of a
great people that he should be permitted in his
