342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
the court, but it is personal in its application
to certain members of the court, and it is a
mode devised to get rid of them, to retire or
supersede them. Those are the judges over
the prescribed age of seventy years. They
represent the most highly conservative part of
the court, and by their age, great learning,
unselfish patriotism, and chastened or satisfied
ambition, they contribute invaluable influence
to divorce the entire court from the control of
politics, and to place it above the suspicion of
bias from the changing and distracting events,
motives, and demands of the outside world.
Displace them, and put in their seats younger
men, of more ardent impulses and ambition,
more fully identified iu sympathy and feelings
with the current events in the country, and
you will do infinite prejudice to the exalted
character and influence, if not to the judicial
impartiality and purity of that great tribunal.
If you must make any change in that citadel
of our liberties, add new justices, without de-
priving the country of the most valuable ser-
vices of those ripe and venerable men.
The proposition contained in this bill amounts
in legal effect to a supersedure of those judges
whose places are thus to be supplied.
Let me invite attention to the language of
that section. It is that—
If any judge of any of the courts of the United
States whose age now exceeds seventy years, or who
shall hereafter arrive at the ago of seventy years,
shall for one year after the passage of this act, or
after arriving at the age of seventy years, continue
to hold his office "without filing such certificate.
That is, a certificate of disability and inca-
pacity, stating that he wants to retire from the
active performance of the duties because he
is iucompetent to perform them. He is com-
pelled to humiliate himself before the country
before jhe can retire, or, if he refuses to humil-
iate himself, it is then made the duty of the
President in either of such cases—
To nominate and appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, an additional judge for
the same court, who shall have the same power and
perform the same duty and receive the same compen-
sation as thejudgo then acting: in such court, or who
shall have been retired and excused from so acting.
And now comes a remarkable provision—
And shall, in connection with or in the absence of
the senior associate, hold the courts prescribed by
law for said senior or retired j udge.
It seems to me that this provision will intro-
duce into our judicial system and into the con-
trol of Congress over it a most dangerous
principle of interference, one that will go to
the very fundamental idea upon which that
court was organized, upon which its great ser-
vice as a coordinate department of the Gov-
ernment must always rest. It will go directly,
most logically and most dangerously, to disturb
the independence of that department of the
Government, and to place it, as well as all
others, under the power of the legislative de-
partment, and I submit that it was that very
fear, an apprehension of that very danger, a
prescience of what is this day being done, that
led the framers of our Constitution to incor-
porate the provision organizing that court
precisely as it is. In this opinion I am not
unsustained by the history of this provision iu
our Constitution. During its consideration in
the Convention there was a proposition made
concerning which I will read from the Com-
mentaries of Justice Story, section sixteen
hundred and nineteen:
A proposition of a more imposing nature was to
authorize a removal of the judges for inability to
aiscnargo the duties of theiroffice. But all consider-
ate persons will readily perceive that such a provis-
ion would either not be practiced upon or would be
more liable to abuse than calculated to answer any
good purpose, ihe mensuration of the faculties of
the mind has no place m the catalogue of an v known
art or science. An attempt to fix tbe boundary be-
tween the region of ability and inability would much
often er give rise to personal or party attachments and
hostilities than advance the interestof justice orthe
public welfare, and instances of absolute imbecility
would be too rare to justify the introduction of so
dangerous a provision."
It seems to me that that language, which is
copied by Justice Story from the language of
Hamilton, expresses in most admirable phrase
the very philosophy of that provision organiz-
ing that department in our Government. And
its importance cannot well be exaggerated, and
is as great to-day as it ever was before in the
history of the country. Indeed, I believe that
the events of the last ten years in our country,
more than those of any other period in our
whole history, have demonstrated the great wis-
dom of that provision, and the great foresight
and sagacity which dictated its incorporation
into our Constitution by our forefathers. I
look upon it as a most dangerous attempt now
to violate even in the slightest degree that vital
principle in the organization of that depart-
ment.
It may be said, indeed it has been said by
my distinguished colleague, the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Bingham,] that it may happen
that all of these judges should become par-
alyzed, or become insane, or by some other
visitation of God or of nature, incompetent for
the discharge of their high duties, and yet that
they could not be removed or superseded or
disposed of on my theory of the Constitution.
It is a sufficient answer to that view to suggest
that when that contingency arises it will then
be time for Congress to come to its considera-
tion. During eighty years of our history we
have moved along smoothly, harmoniously,
and in every way prosperously, withoutany such
emergency, without any such misfortune, with-
out any such peril having overtaken us even in
the person of one judge, much less of two or
more. Why, then, should we torture our brains
now by apprehending impossible dangers, by
imagining impossible combinations of circum-
stances that might possibly in the long future
make proper something that we propose to do
to-day ? Let us for to-day legislate upon the
conditions that now prevail in our country.
Let us legislate for the present. Let us legis-
late upon the conditions and circumstances of
the present and not anticipate and legislate
against the most absolutely impossible events.
There is nothing in existing conditions to
justify this legislation. No such visitations
have overtaken our judges or any one of them.
They are all in the full possession of their intel-
lectual powers. They do not ask to be relieved
from duty and pensioned. For the very highest
of reasons the constitutional Convention refused
to confer upon the legislative department of tlio
Government any right at all under any circum-
stances to sit injudgment upon the ability or
inability of the judges of the Supreme Court.
It is not permitted to Congress at all to say
what shall be the exact measure of ability for
a judge of that court, or what shall constitute
disability for the discharge of its duties, or
what age in life or service shall limit the judi-
cial capacity. _ If it were, with what dangers
would we be instantly surrounded! If Con-
gress could declare that at the age of seventy
years a man was incompetent to perforin ju-
dicial service in that court, could not Congress,
its own discretion being its supreme law, declare
that a man at the age of sixty should be held
thereafter to be incompetent tor the discharge
of such duties, or that at forty, oreven at thirty-
five, lie should be held to be incompetent?
Whenever you leave the power at all to the
legislative department you make the discretion
of that body its rule of action, unless you pre-
scribe qualifications and limitations upon that
power, which it would be very difficult indeed
to do.
An additional reason that renders it unne-
cessary and inexpedient to multiply judges of
that court exists in the fact that by the Senate
bill and by the amendment ottered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio it is proposed to add nine j
to the existing judges of the circuit courts of '
the United States, doubling the judicial force I
of the country in the circuits, and thus taking
from the Supreme Court a vast amount of
labor which otherwise might have to be per-
formed by it. It is also important in connec-
tion with this increase in the judges of the
circuit courts, and these new features in our
judicial system contained in this bill and in
the Senate bill, that there should be taken
from the Supreme Court its appellate jurisdic-
tion in a large class of cases, amounting to
thousands, in the course of a few years—those
numerous cases involving but small sums of
money, which arise out of our system of inter-
nal revenue, out of our system of taxation by
tariffs, and out of various other new systems of
jurisdiction that have grown up in the coun-
try. That jurisdiction ought to bo taken away
from the Supreme Court. It ought never to
have been burdened with such unimportant
jurisdiction. It can just as well be settled by
the inferior courts as by the Supreme Court,
except where the amount involved is of very
considerable importance, or where the matter
in controversy involves great questions of per-
sonal liberty or constitutional law. This change
ought to be made, and I understand it to be the
purpose of a distinguished member of the Judi-
ciary Committee at an early day to introduce
a bill which shall propose to reduce the appel-
late jurisdiction of the Supreme Court. I sin-
cerely hope that will be done, and in view of
that and of the reduced labor imposed on them
by the increase of the circuit courts, I trust
that this bill, so far as this feature of it is con-
cerned, will never be enacted into a law. When
so many remedies for the conditions complained
of are at hand and effective in the amplest
degree, why enact a measure of such doubtful
propriety, of such questionable validity? Bet-
ter even to endure all such evils, if they really
do exist, than to violate a great principle, the
integrity of which is so essential to the safety
of our institutions.
Mr. Speaker, I desire now to say a few words
about the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] and only
a few. It is proposed by that amendment to
deprive any judge of the Supreme Court who
shall have held the court upon the circuit in
the trial of any cause of the right to sit upon
the trial of that cause in the Supreme Court.
I can see no good reason for an enactment of
that kind. On the contrary, it seems to me
that the only ground upon which a denial of
jurisdiction ought to be made should be the
ground of interest in some form, interest in
the result, interest in the subject-matter in
controversy, some kind of interest that shall
go to disqualify the judge who sits upon the
circuit to sit in the appellate court upon the
trial of the case. Why should the judge who
has thus held the court on the circuit be de-
clared disqualified to sit upon the trial of the
same case in the Supreme Court? Is it because
he is not competent to hear and determine the
caseupon its merits in the Supreme Court?
Why is he not competent? How has he
been rendered incompetent? Does his in-
creased knowledge, does his perfect possession
of all the principles of law, of all the elements
of the local laws of the States that can bear
upon that decision, disqualify him to judge in
the same case in the appellate court? Is it to
be declared by a law of this kind that the very
excess of knowledge is a disqualification in
such a case? I hope not, for it seems to me
to involve something like an absurdity to say
that because a judge has become a perfect
master of a case of this kind therefore he shall
not sit upon its trial in the Supreme Court.
If you can allege any fact or any ground of
suspicion that goes to affect his impartiality iu
the case, or that shall show that he has any
kind of interest iu the result, then take from
him his jurisdiction over it. Otherwise I think
he should be allowed to sit in judgment upon
that case, as much as upon any other. The
very language of the Constitution itself makes
the jurisdiction of the court original in certain
eases. It does not in those cases derive its
judicial power from any law of Congress, but
from the Constitution itself. And the court
when once constituted becomes the possessor
of every particle of that original jurisdiction
by virtue of the Constitution alone. And the
court as an entirety, as a unit, alone has power
to sit upon that, jurisdiction and to decide all
cases arising out of it. It is not competent
for Congress to take from it any such jurisdic-
tion or to take it from any one member of that
