348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
road in the State of Wisconsin—a very simple
matter. I have not been able to get the floor
up to this time. I rather think I had it; I cer-
tainly was the first one to address the Chair
after it was announced that the morning busi-
ness was closed. I concede that the Senator
from Indiana had been standing on the floor a
little while before that time, and I do not know
but that he ought to have some privilege from
that fact; but whatever that privilege is I ask
him to yield. The resolution he has in charge
I suppose will occupy some time. The bill I
ask the Senate to consider I think will occupy
no time at all. It is a proposition which is
always granted as a matter of course, and I
think will occupy no time whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield for that purpose?
Mr. MORTON. I have been trying for a
full week to this resolution up, and it is cer-
tainly a matter of as much importanee as the
bill of the Senator from Wisconsin. I would
very gladly accommodate him, but in justice
to the measure I cannot. It is something of
the same character, only it is more important,
I am sure.
Mr. HOWE. Now, let me say to the Sen-
ator, if he will allow me, that I think it is not
of as much importance that the measure to
which he refers should be considered at this
time as this bill. If this is not passed at this
time the grant expires on the oth of May.
This right of way can be given to the El Paso
road just as well in June as now and as well in
December as now. There is no probability
that the road will be built or that they want to
build it before December next.
Mr. ABBOTT. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina objects to debate. The Chair
does not think that, the debate thus far has ex-
ceeded the limit allowed in the eleventh rule.
It says that " motions to take up or proceed
to the consideration of any question shall be
determined without debate upon the merits of
the question proposed to be considered." It
is only a question now in regard to the priority
of business, and there has been 110 debate as
yet upon the merits of the proposition.
Mr. ABBOTT. I object under the rule.
Mr. MORTON. I think my friend is entirely
too late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the rule has not yet been transgressed. There
has been no debate on the merits of either
proposition. The question is 011 the motion
of the Senator from Indiana, if he insists on
that motion, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the joint resolution the title
of which has been read.
Mr. CASSERLY. That resolution is one of
considerable importance; one which has pro-
voked a great deal of discussion in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I should fe very glad
indeed if the Senator from Indiana would con-
sent to withdraw his motion, or not press it,
and let the resolution lie on the table for further
consideration. I will state to the Senator what
perhaps he has not in mind, that a similar joint
resolution was brought into the Senate early
in the session and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. We have not yet been able
to come to an agreement as to the reporting
back of the resolution, although we have had
several meetings. I should dislike very much
to avail myself of an objection to prevent the
taking up of a measure, but this resolution
would certainly lead to discussion at this time.
Therefore, I ask the Senator to waive his motion
for to-day.
Mr. MORTON. I would waive it in favor
of any Senator who should make an appeal to
me if I had an assurance that it could betaken
up at some other time. But I understand there
is opposition to this measure. It proposes
simply to grant the right of way over the wil-
derness lands of the country. It asks neither
money nor land. I suppose there are some
conflicting interests ; but it is a very important
measure. It has twice passed the House of
Representatives. It came here at the last ses-
sion, but in some way was tied up and never
got before the Senate, and it has been here now
for some two weeks. This company proposes
to build the road without lands or money.
Mr. ABBOTT. Mr. President, this joint
resolution, having come from the House, was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
It is one of the several schemes for building a
railroad across the continent, and should have
been referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. The Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road have instructed their chairman to move,
when this resolution came up, to refer it to
that committee or else to move its postpone-
ment for this session. This is one of the im-
portant lines; and whatever is done in regard
to granting the right of way according to this
request will affect, whenever those questions
come up, the whole of them, and it will cer-
tainly, in my opinion, embarrass any honest
attempt to build a railroad south of the thirty-
fifth parallel. Therefore I hope the measure
will not be considered now; or if it. is to be
considered, I think the whole subject of the
Pacific railroad will be open again.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from North
Carolina says that the passage of this resolu-
tion would embarrass any honest attempt to
build this road. I do not think my friend from
North Carolina is authorized to make that
remark, for the reason that I am sure the com-
pany that are asking this right of way, and who
hold a charter in Texas and hold it in Califor-
nia and hold it through Arkansas on this side,
are engaged in a,n honest endeavor to build
this road, and will do it without subsidies from
the Government and without a grant of land
if they are permitted to do it. They are ask-
ing nothing but the right of way. What pos-
sible objection there can be to allowing them
that I cannot see. If they were asking a sub-
sidy from the Government, as other railroad
companies have and are, or if they were ask-
ing a grant of millions of acres of land, 1 could
conceive that there might be some objection
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Indiana, the point
of order having been made 011 the rule, that
this is debating the merits of the resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I am simply replying to
my friend from North Carolina. He spoke
about embarrassing an honest attempt to build
this road. I should like to make one further
remark, with the permission of the Chair, in
that connection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not interpose further. This debate can pro-
ceed by unanimous consent. The Chair only
requires the enforcement of the rule.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to make a
single remark in answer to my friend. I am
assured on the best authority that $10,000,000
of the bonds of this railroad company are now
negotiated in Paris, subject to the action of
Congress in granting this right of way.
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not desire to create
any discussion in regard to the merits of this
measure ; but it has been very fully examined
by parties in the city and by the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and I have come to the
conclusion that there is no existing charter to
this company, that the charter has lapsed, and
that here is a plan to get a charter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
suggest to the Senator from North Carolina
that unless the Senate indulge it by unani-
mous consent this debate is now proceeding
on the merits of the resolution. Previously it
was in regard to priority, as to taking it up
now or at some future time, and was within
the rule ; but the rule says expressly that there
must not be debate upon the merits of the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is, will the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the joint resolution referred to by the
Senator from Indiana?
.Mr. CONKL1NG. My own inclination, as
far as I understand this joint resolution, is
rather in its favor; and I maks the remark I
am going to after saying that fjankly: persons
have called upon me, some of them as it
happens this morning, st,at.iig reasons why
this resolution should be rsferred to a com-
mittee, should go somewheje that they maybe
heard to state facts which, as the Chair has
reminded the Senate, it is not in order to dis-
cuss at this moment. Therefore it seems to
me that it ought not to De taken up without
reference and put upon its passage.
But I have another objection, which goes to
equality of rights in the Senate. If there be
an understanding among Senators constituting
a majority here which binds me and prevents
my seeking to advame contested measures in
which my constituents and others are inter-
ested, I insist upon it that that rule ought to
bind others also. I am asked almost daily to
insist upon taking up measures, some of them
partially private in character, some of them
public, and I might say of transcendent import-
ance, as, for example, the bill touching natu-
ralization and election frauds, and I have felt
bound, under what I was informed was the
understanding here, to say to all, "I cannot
do this ; it is a contested measure ; it is not
one of the few selected measures which it is
the pleasure of the majority of the Senate to
consider at this extraordinary session." Hav-
ing said that, the persons interested in these
measures take a seat in the gallery and they
see other Senators successfully move forward
contested measures and get them up by the
vote sometimes of a mere majority of the Sen-
ate ; whereas, as I supposed, the understand-
ing was that except by unanimous consent
nothing was to be considered beyond those few
leading measures selected by common consent
for consideration. For these reasons I object
to a conduct of business in the Senate which
compels Senators every morning to play the
ungracious part of objecting and contesting.
Certainly I do not want to put anything in
the way of a fair consideration of this resolu-
tion ; but it seems to me, be it at any session,
when notice is brought to Senators that parties
in interest wish to be heard before a committee,
that a measure of this magnitude ought at least
to be referred under the rules of the Senate.
That I am frank to say. But waiving that, I
insist upon it that now, at a session which is
about to cease, extraordinary in character, and
which is by common consent to be devoted only
to certain specified subjects, others to be ex-
cluded unless they are so wanting in the ele-
ments of contest that they can gain unanimous
consent, I insist upon it that at such a session
we ought not to be compelled to commit in-
justice to such interests as might more natu-
rally come into our hands, or else to engage in
a scramble and a controversy with other Sen-
ators for the floor and for the precedence.
No?/, sir, I hope this measure will not be
taken up; I hope that other such measures
will not be taken up ; but that we shall go on
and complete the allotted work of the session,
or else throw down the barriers and have it
understood that this is a session for general
legislation, to the end that we may bring into
the foreground measures now in the back-
ground, which I undertake to say are of vastly
more importance, if not of more merit, than
this.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, a few days
ago, ascertaining that this joint resolution
relating to the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific
Railroad Company was lying on the table, I
made a motion during the morning hour to
take it up for the purpose of referring it to tbe
Pacific Railroad Committee, in order that there
might be a full and thorough examination of
the numerous questions connected with it. My
motion was arrested by an objection on the
part of the honorable Senator from Indiana,
if I recollect rightly. He seemed to be indis-
posed to have any reference of the measure to
that committee.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a word of explanation ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
