1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S49
Mr. MORTON". This resolution passed the
House at the last session, I believe, almost
without opposition, as it has at this session, and
it came here 
Mr. HOWARD. I give way for an explana-
tion ; I do not give way for a speech.
Mr. MORTON. It came here, and amotion
was made by the Senator to refer it to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad. I objected
to that motion, because I wanted to put the
resolution on its passage. I consented to the
reference at the last session upon the direct
promise that it should be reported back the
next day from that committee ; but it was not
reported back at all. I would consent that this
joint resolution might go to any committee
now if I had any reasonable prospect of get-
ting it back. But this measure has been ex-
amined by committees of the House, has twice
passed the House, and I hope it will be taken
up and put upon its passage now. There are
no real objections to it. . .
Mr. HOWARD. I think there are real ob-
jections to it. This measure is one of import-
ance. The Senator from Indiana understands
it to be such—important not particularly to the
interests of the united States and the general
public, but important undoubtedly to those
who have an interest in it or claim to have an
interest in it. But, sir, I beg to say that the
importance of the resolution is not so over-
shadowing, in my judgment, as to justify us, to
the exclusion of other public measures, in
taking it up for examination at this time. The
joint resolution, if I may be indulged for one
moment, asks for a grant of the right of way
by the United States across the Territories ot'
the United States, from some place in the east-
ern part of Texas clear through to the Pacific
ocean, ending at San Diego. It is true it sim-
ply asks the right of way. This right of way,
according to the resolution, is to be granted to
a corporation created by an act of the Legis-
lature of the State fit Texas, passed in 1857,
or 1853. One question arises as to the pro-
priety 
Mr. MORTON. I must call the Senator to
order for speaking on the merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to intimate to the Senator frotn Michi-
gan that while he has a right under the rule to
speak about the details of the bill, describing
them, he has not the right under the rule, if
objection is made, to debate its merits as to
whether those details are correct or incorrect.
Mr. HOWARD. Iam not about to debate
the merits of the bill. I was describing the
character of the bill; and I may certainly be
allowed in this connection to say that there are
connected with this bill various important
questions of law, one of which is whether there
is in existence any such corporation as the
Memphis and El Paso Railroad Company.
Certainly, if there be no such corporation in
existence even the Senator from Indiana, as
much as he is in favor of granting this right of
way, will not be willing to grant it to a defunct,
non-existing corporation. There are various
other questions also connected with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour having expired, the supple-
mental currency bill, so called, is regularly
before the Senate, and the pending question is
on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Pool] to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire when the cur-
rency bill became ons of the orders ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was resumed
yesterday, the Chair stating as soon as the
debate ended onthe tenure-of-office bill that
the unfinished business of the preceding sit-
ting, being the currency bill, was before the
Senate, pending which the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed it had lost its
place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was laid over
by unanimous consent yesterday informally
until the tenure-of-office bill was disposed of,
and the Chair himself called it up as soon as
the tenure-of-office bill was disposed of, in
order that it should resume its place according
to the rules of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the present
and all prior orders be postponed with a view
to taking up House bill No. 123, the Indian
appropriation bill. It must be manifest, I
think, to every member of the Senate that that
bill ought to be acted on immediately. It is a
bill that failed during the last session of Con-
gress, and the service will be very greatly em-
barrassed unless the bill is acted on at a very
early period.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill referred to by
the honorable Senator from Iowa is for appro-
priations for the next fiscal year, commencing
the 1st day of July next., and I trust that this
session will close and that bill be a law before
that time. Tlie currency bill has now been
long pending.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will pardon
me. It contains appropriations for deficien-
cies for the current year to a very large
amount and that are absolutely necessary to
the service.
Mr. SHERMAN. The currency bill has now
been debated fully, and certainly cannot take
much longer time. I wish it disposed of. The
methodical order of business is to finish one
subject before taking up another. There is no
such great urgency in regard to the Indian ap-
propriation bill, because last week the Senator
himself asked for two or three days' delay,
and I am rather surprised that he is urgent now.
At any rate, the currency bill is before the Sen-
ate at this time ; it has been discussed, and I
trust we can have a vote in a short time. I
hope, therefore, the Senate will not put it aside
for anything, but proceed with and finish it. j
There is no proper methodical course of busi-
ness except to dispose of the subject in hand,
and then take up the Indian appropriation bill
and finish it. It seems to me that if there is
any purpose to pass the currency bill at this
session now is the time to do it. If a majority
of the Senate are willing to let it go over to the
next session they will, of course, vote to take
up other bills in preference to it; but if it is to
be acted on at this session, as was understood
all around by the common concurrence of those
who are in the majority, it ought to be done
now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
for considering both these bills, and all I have
to say wilL relate to the most economical way
of proceeding in point of time. We have had
raider consideration for some days this cur-
rency bill, and I hoped we should have got
a vote upon it the day it was last under con-
sideration. The Senate, however, adjourned
then without finishing it. Now it is proposed
to give it the go-by and take up the Indian
appropriation bill, which I am also in favor
of considering. That is one of the measures
which it has been determined shall be consid-
ered at this session. It having been settled
that the currency bill is to be considered and
disposed of, and that the Indian appropriation
bill is also to be considered and disposed of,
and we having spent two or three days already
upon the currency bill, is it an economy of
time to lay it aside ill the midst of the de-
bate and take up the Indian appropriation bill?
We have got both of these bills to act upon,
as I understand it, and if the Senate will stand
by the bill that is under consideration and let
us finish it before we adjourn to-day I think
we shall hasten the day of final adjournment.
I hope we shall stand to the measure under
consideration until it is disposed of, then take
up the Indian appropriation bill and stand by
that until that is disposed of, and fix an early
day of adjournment. But if this bill is to be
laid aside now, to come up again afterward, it
will protract our session. I trust, therefore,
that the motion of my friend from Iowa will
not prevail. I think that he will see that we
shall economize time by adhering to the bill
under consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggested to the Sen-
ate last Friday morning that if it would take
up the Indian appropriation bill we could finish
it on Friday and Saturday, in my judgment.
The honorable Senator from Iowa did not aak
a postponement, but he gave notice that he
could not be ready on the first day, and when
I told him that the bill would take two days
he made no further objection, as I understood.
I am of opinion now that if we had taken up
that which was a business measure we might
have finished it on Friday and Saturday. We
had the same argument then from my honor-
able friend from Ohio, that the currency bill
which he has in charge could be completed.
We argued it all day ; the Senate got tired of
it and adjourned over Saturday in consequence,
and we lost Saturday, when we might have
finished the Indian appropriation bill and
gained several days, because we might have
sent it promptly to a committee of conference,
which committee might now be in session; but
in consequence of the action of the Senate at
that time a different course was adopted, which
has resulted as we see. I suggested then that
I did not believe the currency hill could be
finished, and we should only have another day
or two day's debate upon it and get no nearer
to the end. If we take it up to-day I think my
prediction will prove true, that inasmuch as
Senators have had two or three days more to
gain wind and strength upon it they will fight
it all over again precisely in the same way;
the Senate will get tired and wo shall adjourn
to fix it some other time. That will be about
the result.
I should not myself have made a motion to
take up the Indian appropriation bill, because,
having previously made it and discharged my
duty, and the Senate having decided that it
would not take it up, the responsibility was off
my hands and on the hands of the Senate
itself, where it properly should be; but inas-
much as my honorable friend from Iowa has
made the motion, and as I believe that bill
ought to be taken up, of course I shall vote
for it.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the chairman of the
Committee on ^Finance is prepared to offer an
amendment that will obviate many of the
objections to the currency bill; and I am dis-
posed to believe that if that bill is taken up it
will be finished at a very early moment. As it
is destined at some time or other to be consid-
ered and probably passed I do not know why
wo shall not best economize our time by taking
it up now.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I belong to the Finance
Committee, and perhaps ought to concur in the
views of the chairman ; but it appears to me
that if the Indian appropriation bill is taken
up and considered in the Senate now it may
so go to a committee of conference. It is well
known that there is a great difference of opin-
ion between the House of Representatives and
the Senate as to the Indian appropriation bill,
involving millions of dollars, and that it will
necessarily take a long time for the committee
of conference to go over the amendments pro-
posed by the Senate to the bill and arrive at
a conclusion on amendments numbering, per-
haps, one hundred. It appears to me that if
we take up this appropriation bill and pass it
and allow it to go to a committee of confer-
ence, while that committee consider the sub-
ject we can proceed with the currency bill and
dispose of it before we are ready to take a final
vote upon the Indian appropriation bill. I
think that is our true course to economize
time, because if we go on with this currency
bill a day or two and then take up the Indian
appropriation bill, and it goes to a committee
of conference, I do not see what there will be
to do while that committee of conference is
considering the questions in dispute between
the two Houses unless we take up the Georgia
or some other case of that kind; and in that
