350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
view I feel bound to vote for the motion of the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is this misfortune
to the currency bill: there is some
opposition to it, and that opposition has devel-
oped itself by talking against the bill. It is
not the fault of the friends of the currency
bill that the debate has been protracted two or
three days; but it is simply because Senators
are opposed to it and they express their opin-
ions in opposition to it. If the Senate will
reflect a moment, they will see that nearly all
the debate has been by those opposed to it.
If those who are opposed to the bill have the
power by talking against time to defeat it,
they will undoubtedly accomplish that pur-
pose. It will only be when the majority of
the Senate show their determination to stand
by the bill until it is passed in some form that
we can hope to pass it. The condition of
affairs is such now that I think if the Senate
by a decided vote show a determination to go
on with the currency bill we shall get a vote
very soon ; but if it is crowded off now by the
Indian appropriation bill theiewill be a strug-
gle next with the Georgia case and then with
other bills, until finally it will be defeated, and
those who are opposed to it will have accom-
plished their purpose. As a majority of the
Senate have clearly shown a purpose to act
upon this bill, and that has been determined
on, 1 think it will be an economy of time to
finish it to-day, and I am willing to agree to sit
here until all who are opposed to the bill and
all who are in favor have said all they wish
to say. I hope we shall proceed with it and
finish it to-day.
Mr. COEBETT. I am very lfiueli in favor
of the currency bill, reported by the Senator
from Ohio from the Finance Committee, in
some form ; but being a member of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and knowing the im-
portance of the Indian appropriation bill, and
the large amount involved in it and the great
difference between the House of Representa-
tives and the Senate upon that bill, I believe
it will be an economy of time if we take it up
and consider it now. When we have gone
through with it, the House of Representatives
will probably disagree to our amendments and
ask for a committee of conference, and it will
take a committee at least two days, perhaps
three, to run through those amendments and
adjust them and examine them properly. I
think we ought to take it up now and go
through the amendments, so that the bill may
go to the committee of conference. I shall
vote for taking up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. If it might not bo considered
impertinent in a member of the Senate in op-
position to say a word on this subject I will
say that word. I too am a member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and I amas much
in favor of the passage of the Indian appro pri-
at.ion bill as any Senator in the body ; but the
consideration and disposal of that subject will
take two or three days at least, if not a longer
period of time. The bill urged by the Senator
from Ohio has been very well considered and
matured by the Senate in the debate that has
already taken place upon it. If the friends of
that measure will stand by it they can force
action upon it before the Senate adjourns
to-day, and I trust that the friends of that
measure, who constitute a majority, will not be
diverted from their purpose of having that
subject promptly acted upon, but will refuse
sternly to be diverted from its consideration by
any other subject whatever, and will continue
in session until they force some action of the
Senate on that bill before there is another
adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, that
the present and all prior orders be postponed
for the purpose of proceeding to the considera-
tion of the Tndian appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered. '
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to add a few words
in addition to what has already been said in
favor of taking up the Indian appropriation
bill. The General at the head of the Army
wrote a letter, which is now on the files, urging
that the Indian appropriation bill should be
passed during the month of February, in order
that the necessary provision might be made to
put the Indians at work that expect to com-
mence farming. Every member of the Senate
knows that this work must be begun in the
month of April. You have now thousands of
Indians around Fort Cobb, in the southern
Indian territory, who will be on your hands
for the next two years, who will have to be pro-
vided lor by means of rations, unless you can
put some of them to work. In this appropria-
tion bill there is some money to purchase seed
and the necessary means to enable them to
improve land to go to work. The same is true
in relation to the supplies necessary for the
Indians on the upper Missouri. It is necessary
that the purchases should be made in order that
they may be shipped by the first boats that leave
on the upper Missouri. So, too, the supplies
for Aiizona and New Mexico ought to be on
their way now. It is known to every member
of the Senate that probably several days will
be consumed after the action of the Senate is
had before we shall have definite action by both
Houses of Congress on the Indian appropria-
tion bill on account of differences of opinion in
relation to the proper policy to be pursued. It
is well known to everybody that the distribu-
tion ©f the money now in the banks is a matter
of great consequence, but it does seem to me
that it is not of as much moment as to provide
for this branch of the public service, which is
acknowledged by everybody to be the most
difficult to carry out satisfactorily.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the friends of the
currency bill will stand by it, for I believe that
it is not second in importance certainly to the
Indian appropriation bill. We know for a
certainty that the Indian appropriation bill
will be passed at this session ; but if the cur-
rency bill is now postponed I think there is
hardly a Senator on this floor who expects that
it will be revived.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not?
Mr. SAWYER. I make the proposition
that I doubt if there is a Senator on this floor
who expects that it will be brought up again
if it is postponed now. I hope the friends of
that bill will stand by it.
Mr. TIPTON. I think my constituents are
interested equally, to a certain extent, in both
these bills ; but as the lives of our people and
the peace of the frontier may depend some-
what upon our action on the Indian appro-
priation bill I shall vote for taking it up in
preference to the other, as our lives are a little
dearer to us than our property.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I submit to honorable
Senators whether it is exactly fair that the
matter of postponing this currency bill should
come up every morning to consume perhaps
half an hour in the discussion of the question
whether we shall consider this bill, which is
regularly pending, or some other bill. I am
willing to consider the Indian appropriation
bill, as much so as the honorable Senator from
Iowa, but I think it is fair that we should take
a vote on the currency bill. The people who
live in the South need an equal distribution of
the currency. I ask Senators whether it is fair
that this question should be discussed upon its
merits every morning on a motion to postpone
it? I am as anxious as any Senator to consider
and dispose of the Indian appropriation bill at
this session, and I will come here and sit, in
the morning and at night, as long as my hon-
orable friend from Iowa will; but I ask if it
is fair that he should want to postpone the
currency bill after it has been debated for two
or three days, and when every Senator is pre-
pared to vote upon it ? I hope its friends will
stand by it.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose the honorable
Senator is not aware that we have a communi-
cation from General Sheridan, saying that un-
less some provision is made in a very few days
the Indians around Fort Cobb that we have
been fighting during the last year will scatter,
and we shall have another Indian war as soon
as the grass springs up to support their ponies.
It does seem to me that the Senate ought to be
advised by its own agents. We have directed
our generals by law to collect these hostile In-
dians at that point and to provide for thom, to
give them rations and put them to work as soon
as suitable provision can be made. They have
been providing for them for a short time on the
limited appropriations previously made. Those
are now exhausted, and they tell us that unless
they have additional means the Indians will
scatter and you will have another war. We
can postpone distributing the money that is in
the vaults of the banks without very great detri-
ment to the lives or the property of our people,
but we cannot very well postpone the appro-
priations of money necessary to prevent war
on the frontier.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I submit that the In-
dians will stand together at least two or three
days, and I promise my honorable friend from
Iowa that I will vote to take up his bill and
help him through with it if he will allow the
currency bill to be considered first.
Mr. HARLAN. Senators say that this ap-
propriation bill will certainly pass. It did not
pass at the last session. The same arguments
were then used, and it was postponed up to so
short a period from the close of the "session
that it became impossible to reconcile the dif-
ferences of the two Houses, and Congress ad-
journed without the appropriation of a dollar
for this service. This is a bill that failed dur-
ing the last session of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Harlan,] upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. YICKERS. I desy'e to say that my
colleague [Mr. Hamilton] is detained at home
! by sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
i resulted—yeas 24, nays 30; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Colo, GonkUng, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, Eessendon,
■ Gilbert, Grimes, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Ross, Seott, Sprague, Sumner,
Tipton, WiUiams,and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Casserly, Catteli,
Davis, Brake, Edmunds, Fowler. Harris, ICellojrg,
MeCreery, Morrill. Morton. Nye, Osborn.Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Seburz, Sherman,
Spcncer, Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull,
Viokers, and "Warner,—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Fen ton, Hamilton, McDonald, Norton,
Saulsbury, Stewart, "VVilley, and Yates—12.
So the motion was not agreed to.
message from the iioosk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 198] in addition to an act entitled "An
act to relieve from legal and political disabil-
ities certain persons engaged in the rebellion,"
approved July 27, 18G8.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 334) for
the coinage of nickel-copper pieces of five
cents and under ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for the adjournment
of the two Houses on Tuesday, the 6th day of
April next, at twelve o'clock meridian, without
day, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled
bill (S. No. 42) for the relief of Orlando
Brown, and an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 237)
to abolish the office of chief of staff to the
General of the Army; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President,
national banks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
