1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
in the same direction in this case, if not always.
You cannot longer continue tliis legislation so
embarrassing and unfriendly to southern indus-
try without injury to every section and' every
interest of the country, without danger to the
national credit, to say nothing of the question of
good faith and generous magnanimity involved.
I regretted to hear a remark from the Sen-
ator from Maine which may not have been
meant by him to the full extent that it will bear
to be understood. In objecting to the bill re-
ported by the committee, he said in substance
that the bonds were made for the purpose of
enabling the Government to suppress the rebel-
lion, and that it now comes with bad grace from
the representatives of the recently rebellious
States to complain of an unequal distribution
of the banking circulation, and to ask that
it be taken from the loyal States for their bene-
fit. He will do me the justice to admit that my
proposition does not ask to take from any State
any part of what it already has. But, sir, the
implication of his remark looks to a principle
of legislation against which I protest. The
southern States represented on this floor are
equals in the Union. When legislation is pro-
posed looking to their interests shall it be re-
fused because of the errors or the crimes of the
past? is this the mode iti which it is proposed
to punish treason and rebellion? How long is
it proposed that this policy of protracted and
indefinite punishment shall continue ? What
are to be its effects in the mean time upon the
common interests of the nation, and what shall
be the measure of its severity upon the interests
of the unfortunate section ? 1 submit that it is
not the mode in which a nation of equals should
punish treason. If this Government had not
the moral courage to disregard the sentiment
of the Christian world and to deal with its re-
bellious citizens by the direct method of arrest,
indictment, conviction, and execution, it is
not comportable with its character or its honor
to adopt the indirection of covert and pro-
tracted torture.
It should be the desire of every good citizen
to encourage a restoration of friendly feeling,
and by kind offices and generous expressions
to produce true harmony and elevated senti-
ments of nationality between the lately hostile
and still sensitive sections of h;s country.
The work of reconstruction still needs to be
strengthened and made more practically effect-
ive. Those who have been engaged in the
southern States in bringing it to its present
state of advancement fully realise the import-
ance of encouraging among the southern peo-
ple a public sentiment favorable to the Gov-
ernment by showing them, that they may safely
rely upon its magnanimity, good faith, and
sense of right. They have defended whatever
seemed harsh and severe in the reconstruction
acts of Congress upon the ground that it was
required or supposed to be required to secure
the safety of the nation and guard it against
further disturbance. They have denied that
any policy of the Government since the war
was actuated by malice or unfriendliness. But
their position and their teachings are not sus-
tained by such remarks as those to which I
have adverted. If past offenses are to be
brought forward as a bar to all friendly legis-
lation, and even to a clear claim of right and
justice, you make those people feel that they
are not to be treated as equals in this Govern-
ment, but are to be esteemed underlings and
proscribed criminals forever. If this comes to
be the general impression among them, recon-
struction will be but a theory unsupported
either in fact or practice, and endless troubles
and dangers will be the result. Men are bound
together much more strongly by interests than
by sentiment. The wisest policy for this Gov-
ernment is for it to be the just and impartial
guardian of the interests of all its citizens in,
every section alike.
I cannot properly neglect this opportunity to
say that I hardly believe the Senator from
Maine meant his remarks in the full scope of
their possible interpretation, and that I believe
this Senate and the Government is far from.
41st Cokg. 1st Sess.—No. 23.
entertaining _ any purpose or disposition to
legislate unfriendly or unjustly, or to refuse on
proper occasions friendly legislation to any
section of the country.
There seems to be a disposition on all sides
to render some relief from the unequal distri-
bution of the banking currency. But every
proposition meets with objections. The trouble
seems to be as to the mode of doing lhatupon
which all seem to be agreed. The bill reported
by the committee meets with stern opposition
from New England and some other States,
which fear that the $20,000,000 proposed will
be raised by withdrawing a part of their circu-
lation. The Senator from Massachusetts has
offered an amendment which gives $50,000,000
for redistribution without withdrawing the cir-
culation from any section. But this, too, meets
with stern opposition. It is objected that he
proposes to fund an amount of greenbacks, and
thus cause the Government to pay interest upon
a debt which draws no interest now. But the
debt is over due, and I can see no reason for
hesitating to pay interest upon it if a further
delay in the payment of the principal is re-
quired, and thereby a solution of the important
question before the Senate could be reached.
But it is said the faith of the Government has
recently been specially and solemnly pledged
to pay these greenbacks in gold, and that this
faith is pledged to the nation and not to the
individual holders, and would be violated by
funding even at the request of the individuals
who hold them. I must confess my inability
to see who would be left to complain of the
violation of public faith after the holders had
been entirely satisfied and even favored accord-
ing to their wishes beyond what they would be
by a strict adherence to the resolution pledg-
ing the Government at some day to pay them
in gold.
1 prefer the amendment to the bill of the
committee because it gives a larger amount
for redistribution, gives it immediately, and
avoids the alleged injustice to New England
and other States. If the second section of this
amendment were stricken out, which requires
the funding of greenbacks, it would be more
nearly in accordance with my views of what
ought to be done, and what sooner or later
must be done, as a settlement of this whole
question. The amendment would then pro-
pose simply an increase of national currency
from $300,000,000 to §350,000,000, giving
$50,000,000 for redistribution. Why not in-
crease it to $400,000,000, or better, repeal
the limit altogether, and leave the amount
of banking circulation to be limited as before
the war, only by the requirements of busi-
ness in the various sections and localities?
Repeal this limitation, and reduce the interest
allowed on the bonds while on deposit so as
to offer no premium nor artificial inducement
to excessive banking, and I believe the inter-
ests of the whole country would be benefited,
and the banking system operate with much
more justice and satisfaction to the whole peo-
ple. Theamendment which I have introduced
Is to that effect.
But the objection is raised that it will bring
about a dangerous expansion of the currency.
I think otherwise. The bonds themselves are
practically a circulating medium. They really
produce upon the business of the country the
same effect as bank bills of the same denom-
ination. They may be and are, often used in
the payment of debts and in the large transac-
tions, of trade and speculation. If they were
deposited as a pledge with the Treasurer, and
thus withdrawn from circulation, and their
place supplied by national currency bills of
smaller denomination, it might be expansion
to the laboring and industrial classes, but it
would really be contraction to the extent of
ten per cent, at least upon the amount so
deposited. The laboring and industrial classes
are nowhere complaining of a redundancy of
the currency,, nor are they likely to complain.
Only capitalists complain and are troubled
with fears. Should the amendment proposed
by myself be adopted, and any large additional
amount of these bonds be deposited with the
Treasury, I should expect soon to hear the
large capitalists and speculators complain of
contraction. The larger the amount induced
to be deposited on a reduced rate of interest
the greater would be the saving to the Treas-
ury and the lighter the taxation on the peo-
ple. The people are now taxed many millions
a year to increase the enormous and unrea-
sonable profits of those banking institutions.
But allow me to examine for a moment
what amount of these bonds would in any rea-
sonable probability be deposited in addition to
those already on deposit. Suppose the debt, to
be $2,500,000,000; of this sum $360,000,000
are legal tenders. Three hundred and thirty mil-
lion dollars are now deposited with the Treas-
urer by banking associations; $500,000,000 are
supposed to beheld in Europe, and$000,000,-
000 are suppposed to be held by savings insti-
tutions, in trust funds, and by persons as per-
manentinvestments, which couldnotbe induced
into the banking business. This would leave
but $700,000,000 as a basis for all the fears and
apprehensions about expansion, and to create
all the untold evils of free banking.
The bill reported by the committee is totally
inadequate in the amount proposed. It oilers
only ^20,000,000 to be distributed among the
southern States and all the Territories', and
such of the western States as may be entitled
to a part of this redistribution. It is a mere
pittance, and would scarcely be felt in any
State. Two respectable banking associations
in a State would absorb its entire allotment.
The little State of New Jersey has $9,397,985,
nearly one half as much as is proposed for all
the southern States and Territories. Pennsyl-
vania has nearly twice as much, and New York
has three and a half times as much; while New
England, with a population of four million peo-
ple, has more than five times as much as is pro-
posed for the States and Territories with a
population of twelve million people. But it is
said this 320,000,000 is only a beginning, is as
much as is likely to be absorbed in a year, and
the amount may be increased at the next ses-
sion of Congress. When another $20,000,000
is asked we shall have in opposition not only
New England, but New York, Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and perhaps several other States.
The policy will threaten all the States having
more than their proportionate amount, and it
will be impossible to get an increase. The
principle of withdrawing from individual banks
only because they happen to be in a locality hav-
ing over a certain amount is wrong, and should
not be resorted to if any other expedient is
possible. Upon this plan it is certain that
nothing like a fair distribution can ever be had.
But i wish to call especial attention to the
provisions ofthe fourth section of the bill ofthe
committee, commencing in the thirty-seventh
line. It reads thus:
And upon failure of such bank to return the amount
so required within one year aforesaid it shail be the
duty ol tlio Comptroller of the Currency to sell at
public auction, having given twenty days notice in
a newspaper printed in Washington city and New
York city, an amount of bonds deposited by said
bank as security lor its circulation equai to the cir-
culation to bo withdrawn from such bank, and with
the proceeds to redeem so many of the notes of such
bank, as they come into the Treasury, as will equal
the amount requu ed from it, and shall pay the bal-
ance to such bank.
Twelve months must elapse after the passage
of the bill before the Comptroller ofthe Cur-
rency can force any banking association to eon-
tribute its proportion of the $20,000,000 to be
distributed to the southern States and Terri-
tories. Commencing in the forty-seventh line
of the same section is the following proviso:
That the circulation herein authorized shall be
issued only as circulation is withdrawn, so that the
aggregate of circulation shall not at any time ex-
ceed $300,000,000.
So that, after all, we are not to have even
the pittance of $20,000,000 until a year from
the passage of the bill. What becomes ofthe
hope held out to us that at the next session of
Congress we may have an additional amount,
when it is clear that we are to get nothing
within the next twelve months?
