354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 30,
Sir, this bill is a mere shadow. It effects
nothing but to put us off, that this session of
Congress may be relieved of the subject and
the whole matter be deferred to another ses-
sion.
Mr. SHERMAN. If ray friend will allow
me, I think he mistakes the terms of this bill.
The Comptroller of the Currency is required t.o
complete this whole matter within a year. He
may make a requisition thedav after the pas-
sage of the act. The Senator will find, by look-
ing at line twenty-four, that it is provided that
when the circulation is required the Comp-
troller shall make his requisition. That may
be made immediately upon making the state-
ment provided for by the preceding clause of
the act. Then, if they fail to respond to that
requisition, which may be made at any time
after the passage of the act, their bonds may
be sold within twenty days ; so that the Senator
is mistaken in supposing that the whole of the
operation of the act is postponed until the end
of the year. The whole of it must be com-
pleted within the year, but it may commence
immediately after the passage of the bill.
Mr. POOL. But suppose the banks should
refuse to respond to the requisition of the
Comptroller.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he will proceed at
once, after twenty days' notice, to sell their
bonds and to withdraw so much of their cir-
culation.
Mr. POOL. Then what is the meaning of
the clause which I read, commencing in the
thirty-seventh line: " and upon failure of such
batik to return the amount so required within
one year." &c.?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Comptroller has one
year within which to complete this operation.
It is substantially within the control of the
Comptroller of the Currency. Upon his mak-
ing his requisition the banks are bound to
return the circulation; and if they do not
within twenty days, then he has the authority
to sell their bonds. If the Senator supposes
that the repetition of the words l: within one
year aforesaid " makes any obscurity about it,
lie can very easily amend that clause.
Mr. POOL. 1 should like very much to see
it amended if it is to be passed in this form.
Should the bill pass as reported by the com-
mittee I doubt whether there would ever be
any distribution under it at all.
Mr. President, we of the southern States
desire something like a fair distribution of the
banking capital of this country. We do not
ask that the whole amount shall be sent to us
at onee, but some larger amount than this
$20,000,000 is requisite now; and I do not
see, under the provisions of the bill as reported
by the committee, a prospect of getting even
the $'20,000,000. I shall offer, before the bill
is disposed of, unless the amendment now
pending carries, several other amendments;
and I am in hopes that the Senator from Ohio
will offer an amendment touching the point
upon which I was interrupted by him a few
moments ago in order that that matter may be
put beyond all doubt. Ail that I desire is that
we shall have such banking facilities as the
interests and requirements ot my section ofthe
country and of other sections of the country
that are laboring under the same difficulties
demaud.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. Mr. President, I think
the honorable Senator from North Carolina
could hardly have read my remarks, if he did
me the honor to read them all, with much care,
or listened to them with much attention at the
time they were uttered, else he would not have
so totally misapprehended the spirit of them;
and I should have thought he would have done
so, as it seems he lias carefully prepared the
remarks which he has made himself. If he
will look over what I said he will find that I
stated expressly that those southern States
having a very great deficiency of currency ought
to be supplied—not in those words, but that
was the idea—and that 1 was in favor of sup-
plying them ; that they should have it. The
objection that I made was that this, in my
judgment, was not the proper and just mode
of doing it; that it should be done by increas-
ing the amount of this kind of currency and
diminishing the greenbacks to the saine extent.
That would hardly be considered as unfriendly.
'The part of the remarks to which the Sena-
tor has alluded were rather made, he will find,
in deprecation of the idea that the free States
of the North and East, New England, New
York, and those States, were to be accused of
a disposition to take advantage of the South,
and take more than they required; and that
their condition was to be considered, when it
arose from the fact that they were called upon
to give up their own currency, which was good,
and to take another; and not only that, bat to
furnish their means to carry on a war against
the very States which these gentlemen, my
friend from North Carolina and others, now
represent. The idea was that it hardly lay in
their mouths to accuse us of trying to take an
unfair advantage of them under those circum-
stances. But, sir, I did not for a moment hint
at the idea anywhere that they were to be pun-
ishedin anyway or deprived of their just rights
under the system of which they are now a part,
and a willing part, I hope, for anything that
bad gone by ; but that I, on my part, was per-
fectly willing that they should receive all that
it was necessary for them to receive. That he
will find to be the spirit of the remarks that I
made on that occasion.
Now, my honorable friend will allow me to
say that Ire cannot expect in the natural order
of things that everything is t.o be equalized at
once. The difficulties under which we are
placed are such as cannot at once be met and
done away with. If in consequence of that
contest, in which the States ofthe South were
at fault, they suffer inconveniences, he can
hardly expect that the other States which also
suffered inconveniences are at once to disor-
ganize their own business and give up all their
advantages for the sake of equalizing them-
selves with the States which occasioned the
very condition in which they are placed.
Mr. POOL. If the Senator from Maine will
allow me, he will do me the justice to say that
I do not in any proposition I have made ask
that New England or any other section of the
country shall give up any of the banking cap-
ital it now has. I stated in the remarks that I
have just submitted that I thought that was a
wrong principle if anv other could be adopted.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. There the Senator
agrees with me. I take nothing that the Sen-
ator has said as unkind or as unjust in any way
whatever. I only say to him, and I think that
my fiiends from those States ought to consider
this: that if in consequence of the condition
of things which their States brought about
business has taken a certain form, and certain
results have followed in those States which were
true and loyal, and if in consequence that
there is at present an inequality in the privi-
leges which exist under the law, although I
agree with him that as fast as possible they
should be restored to all privileges, in every
possible way, on an equality with all the other
States, yet it takes time to do it, and it can
hardly he reasonable to suppose that the other
States can consent at once to be disorganized
in their business and demoralized in any par-
ticular degree or to any very considerable ex-
tent for the sake of producing that equality at
once. It would be unreasonable to suppose
it. When a man has been knocked down he
is not as well as ever the moment he gets up.-
He must take alittle time to recover his strength,
and he cannot expect to do it at a jump or by
virtue of legislation.
If the Senator will look over my record in
the Senate during all the period that we have
been endeavoring to reconstruct the South he
will find that my votes have goneunifoimiy in
favor of doing everything that could be done
for the advantage of the people whom he rep-
resents, and all the southern people, as fast as
possible, to put them in as good acondition as
they were before, if possible; and the accu-
sation cannot be made with any sort of justice
against me that I- have manifested a feeling
unfriendly to their perfect and entire restora-
tion to all the privileges that they can enjny
under'our system. When the Senator says that
my remarks pained him, I must only repeat
to him that I think he did not read them with
sufficient care.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I am in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina,which, if carried, will reduce theinter-
est upon the bonds deposited as security for
the circulation furnished to national banks. I
think it a step in the right direction. It does
not go so far as I could wish ; but it will effect
in part what I think ought to be accomplished
in reference to the banking operations of thi3
country. I am opposed to the whole national
banking system. I believe it is unjust in its
operations ; it was uncalled for at the time it
was organized, and its results are injurious to
the whole country.
We are told that the persons who are now
owners of the national banks furnished money
to the Government to carry on the war. That
some of the persons who are interested in
national banks did furnish money to carry on
the war there is no question ; but that they
furnished all the money that was used to carry
on the war is a very great mistake. That
money was furnished by the people, by the
tax-payers. The banks loaned money to the
Government, it is true; but they were careful
to take security that paid them large gold
interest. They were careful to take a good
equivalent for the benefit they were furnishing
the public.
Now, what do they require in addition to
that? These few of the men who loaned money
to the Government to carry on the war require
notonly the six percent, interest in gold which
their bonds call for, but they have also the
privilege of making a deposit of these bonds
in the Treasury of the United States and taking
currency again, upon which, when loaned, they
draw as much more interest at least; so that
the privilege to them is simply to draw interest
to the extent of twelve or fifteen per cent, upon
the capital which they invest in the national
banks. I do not wonder there is so great a
scramble over so grand a privilege, nor that
the States who have these banks hang on to
them with such tenacity, nor yet that those
who have none are so anxious to enjoy a por-
tion of this privilege. It is a great privilege ;
it is an extraordinary privilege ; and it costs
the tax-payers of this country fully $18,000,000
in gold a year. This privilege enjoyed by them
is worth fully that sum. If estimated in the
ordinary currency of the country it would be
safe to say that it ie worth $25,000,000 a year
to the persons who enjoy it; and why should
there not be a scramble for this privilege?
' Iu the State which 1 have the honor in part
to represent banking is free. It is done there
upon gold. Everybody who has the means can
establish a bank. He has no such inducement
as is offered to the banks that are organized
under this national law. Why should not the
same system prevail here, and those who have
money bank upon it without a premium being
offered in the way of a six per cent, gold in-
terest upon bonds to be deposited? If I could
have my way I would wipeoutall these national
banks and replace their circulation with an
equal amount of United States notes, which
are good security and good material upon
which to bank.
Mr. President, this national banking system,
in my judgment, is egregiously wrong. It is
oppressive and burdensome to the people, and
it is becoming more and more burdensome.
The banks are demanding more and more
year by year and month after month. Not
content that even the small proportion of their
capital which is required for the greater se-
curity of the business community shall not
draw interest, they even require for their re-
serve fund a three per cent, certificate ; and
their encroachments will continue, according
to the present indications, until this Republic
is bound hand and foot by them. That, it
