1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
got no more circulation than she needs; but
we all know that is not true. We know that
Rhode Island and Massachusetts and other
eastern States are lending their inon* y to the
West and to the South ; that the money is sent
away from there anyhow. It is away from
there just as completely as if it was taken away
under the operation of this bill ; and the loss
to Massachusetts consists in the loss to her
bankers, and not to her workingmen.
I must say, Mr. President, that the financial
policy of my friend from Massachusetts is very
fluctuating. On lastThursday, i believe, lie pro-
posed to increase the circulation $50,000,000.
That was objected to. My friend then proposed,
to avoid that objection, to retire $50,000,000
of greenbacks. How? By funding them into
ten-forty bonds, and thus adding §2,500,000
to the volume of interest to be paid bj' this
Government annually in gold. That was ob-
jected to; and now my friend has got another
remedy. It is that we shall not fund these
greenbacks, but that we shall retire thorn when
they come into the Treasury by cancellation ; in
other words, that we shall collect $50,000,000
more of revenue per annum, and retire the
greenbacks thus collected by cancellation, so
as still to give to the West and South a banking
circulation and leave to the East all she has got.
That is very generous to the whole countiy
either way: that we shall collect $50,000,000
over and above the wants of the Government
in order to retiie greenbacks and thus furnish
room for a banking circulation, or that we
shall fund them into ten-forty bonds, and thus
add $2,500,000 to the annual interest paid in
gold, in order that our friends there may do
what? May keep an excess of circulation that
they can lend to the South and West under the
pretense that if it is taken away from them it
will disturb the workingmen and the ordinary
business of those States. I want to strip that
pretense of all its disguises. Sir, this excess
of circulation in the Bast is not used there, but
it is sent to be used in other places, and the
result is a double interest. I was assured by
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Abbott]
awhile ago that they had to pay thirty per cent,
for their money in that State. Am I correct?
Mr. ABBOTT. The ordinary rate of draft
is two and one half per cent, and sometimes
three per cent, per month.
Mr. MORTON. Their paper which they get
discounted is sent to New York. They do it
through brokers' offices there. They have their
agencies. The money goes from New York
and from Boston and from Providence, but it
goes under ciicumstances that require those
who use it to pay two or three times the rate
of interest they ought to pay.
Mr. President, the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as it stands here is to
fund §50,000,000 of greenbacks into ten-forty
bonds; and I understood him to say on Fri-
day, distinctly, and that I understand is the
policy of my friend, that all the greenback-
circulation should be retired by funding. To-
day he says retire by cancellation, but as his
amendment stands here it is by funding.
Tbat is the policy that has been long advocated
by that Senator and by others, that this green-
back circulation shall be retired by funding, j
What is the effect of it? The Senator says
retire the whole of it. Why, sir, that will add I
$356,000,000 to the interest-bearing debt of i
this country. It will add §17,800,000 to the |
annual burden of interest to be paid by this i
Government. It will increase the volume of
interest from about one hundred and thirty-
three or one hundred and thirty-five million
dollars to over one hundred and fifty million,
dollars per annum.
The Senator says that the great difficulty in
the way of returning to specie payments is the
greenbacks. Suppose alt the greenbacks were
retired to-day, would that bring your bank
paper to par? Would it be worth more than
seventy-five cents on the dollar if you strike
out of existence all the greenbacks and put
that amount of bank currency in its plaoe?
Certainly not. But what does he propose?
To expand the banking circulation, to be re-
deemed in what? To be redeemed in gold?
No, sir ; to be redeemed in greenbacks. Mr.
President, I will never consent, so far as I am
concerned, to increase the volume of bank
circulation in this country until there is some
provision made to require those banks to
redeem in coin. They now redeem in green-
backs. It is one paper circulation based on
another paper circulation, and the credit of the
Government of the United States is, after all,
responsible for the redemption and payment
of that currency. Here are $356,000,000 of
greenbacks upon which the Government of the
United States pays no interest. It is said now
that we shall get clear of them by funding
them into ten-forty bonds. That will require
$17,800,000 to pay the interest in gold every
year.
I donot believe that any measure which pro-
poses to increase the interest-bearing debt of
this country can receive the sanction of Con-
gress. I do not believe that the people will
consent to increase the volume of annual inter-
est either §17,800,000 or $2,500,000, or any
other amount. If there is any policy that I
think is now agreed upon by the country it is
that the volume of the interest-bearing debt
shall not be increased. Therefore to adopt
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts is to defeat this bill.
I do not know whether it is in order just at,
this time, but I shall propose as an amendment
to the original bill to strike out in the thirty-
second line, section four, on the sixth pace
of the bill, "$20,000,000" and to inse°rt
" $30,000,000;" so that it will read thus:
And continuing thus to make the reduction pro-
vided for by this act until tho full amount of
(wU,000,001) herein provided for shall be withdimvn,
iind the circulation so withdrawn shall be distrib-
uted, &c.
I think $20,000,000 is too small an amount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
liams in the chair.j That amendment is m
order at this time.
Mr. MORTON. Then I offer that amend-
ment, to increase the amount from $20,000,000
to $30,000,000. Twenty million dollars will
give to the nine southern States, that now, 1 be-
lieve, have no banks, but little over two million
dollars apiece, whileothors, western States that
have scarcely any circulation, will get none.
It is but a small amount compared with the
real demand ; and I think if we were to accept
$30,000,000 instead of 320.000,000 it would be
very liberal in those States that now have a
deficiency of this circulation.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer nil amend-
ment. 1 notice that in the thirty-eighth line
of the fourth section of the bill, as originally
reported by the committee, these words occur :
And upon failure of such bank to return the
amount, so required within one year aforesaid it shall
bo the duty of tho Comptroller of the Currency to
sell at public auction, having given twenty days'
notice ill a newspaper printed in Washington city
and New York city, an amount of bonds deposited
by said bank, &c.
I wish to limit that to sixty days from the
date of the requisition, audi offer an amend-
ment in accordance therewith.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not now in order. It will be after the
action of the Senate upon the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I will offer it when
it is in order. I wish, however, to say a few
words in reply to some of the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts. I am
as much disposed as that Senator to be liberal,
to be magnanimous. I am as much disposed
as that Senator is to listen with satisfaction to
his or any other Senators praises of the sac-
rifices of Massachusetts and New England
during the war. But I submit that it is not
right, it is not logical, it is not pertinent to
this debate, to talk about the sacrifices of
those States iu the war in reference to tho
large excess of bank circulation which those
States have. That up to the time when they
got to their fair proportion of bank circulation
the States of Massachusetts and of Rhode
Island' and of Connecticut did, involuntarily,
and against their will, yield their State bank
system to give place to the national batik sys-
tem, that they went unwillingly into this sys-
tem, we all^ agree. When they got this large
excess of circulation the war was already over,
the last, rebel soldier had laid down his arms,
Government bonds were considered a certain
and safe investment, and banking under the
national banking act was regarded as a very
profitable operation.
Now, while 1 am willing to accord to them
all praise for coming under the operations of
the national banking act and giving up what I
concede and what the country knows was one
of the best banking systems in the country at
any time during its history, I am not willing to
concede that there was any particular merit iu
the year 1865 in bringing their old State banks
under the operations of the national banking
law, and it was at that time that this large
excess of bauk circulation accumulated in those
States; and I concur most fully with the re-
marks which have just been made by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, that the States
of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connec-
ticut do not use this circulation at home; that
the advantages of this circulation are not re-
quired locally, but the circulation is used there
to discount paper from other States, to send
into other States, and that the chief advantage
to those States is the fact that they draw the
interest on it. If the banks were located in
South Carolina or North Carolina, in Georgia
or in Louisiana, that circulation would be car-
ried into the channels of trade wherever the
channels of trade required its use, just as much
as though they were located in Boston or
Providence.
1 object, however, to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, not because it
might not relieve the southern States, not be-
cause there is anything peihaps radically unjust
in it, but because I am convinced—and I have
no doubt that Senator is equally convinced—
that it cannot pass this Congress at all. The
question is a practical one. It is well under-
stood on this floor, it is well understood at the
other end of the Capitol, that unless this bill
passes at this session of Congress there will
be no relief granted (o the southern and west-
ern States in this matter. It is well under-
stood here, and I believe that it is the object
of these various amendments, that if a measure
is proposed and passed by the Senate to in-
crease the interest-bearing obligations of the
Government the bill will fail in the other end
of the Capitol, and it will likely fail here; but
it will certainly fail there at any rate.
No proposition to expand the currency will
be entertained by this Congress at this session,
and no proposition to increase the interest-
bearing obligations of the Government. I
therefore oppose, one and all, these amend-
ments which propose another plan of redistri-
bution of the currency, because this is the only
one which we have the slightest hope of pass-
ing, because the United States generally, out-
side of New England and New York, demand
some increase of banking circulation. We are,
therefore, unless we pass this bill, to go home
to our constituents and say that, notwithstand-
ing there are certain eastern States who are
possessed of this very large excess over their
proper proportion of the circulation which is
allotted under the national banking law, we
have been accused of injustice in attempting
to withdraw it from them, and have succeeded
in doing nothing to relieve the wants of our
community. I do not remember a single meas-
ure passed at the late session of Congress cal-
culated to relieve the wants of the business
communities of the South. This is the first
measure of practical importance to the South
which has had a chance of passing at the late
or present session of Congress.
While I should be glad to have a bill to
accomplish this object passed without injuring
the interests of any class, even those men who
live by money lending in the eastern States, 1
must nevertheless say that the demands of the
