858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
section whicli I represent are such that we must
have relief, and we shall not be satisfied to go
home without getting it, even though we be
accused of taking from the banking circulation
of New England, in which her Senators claim
that she ha3 a vested right. I cannot see that
vested right. If she had obtained just her fair
share of circulation during the war, if there
was no demand for it anywhere else, if the
amount of banking capital was not limited to
$300,000,000, I could understand that it might
he unwise to take it from her ; but the whole
country is complaining that all the profits which
arise under this national bank law—and it seems
to be generally understood that there are large
profits connected with the business—are dis-
tributed in a few States.
We are told that this bill will not help us,
that the circulation is of no consequence, for it
will go where it is needed. I admit that to
some extent; but I ask why it is not just as well
for it to go from Louisiana and South Carolina
as from Massachusetts and Khode island; why a
State which has less than forty cents per capita
of circulation under the national bank act has
not a good reason for going to a State which
has, as I believe the State of Rhode Island has,
thirty-two dollars per capita ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Sixty.
Mr. SAWYER. Sixty dollars %/zr capita.
I thank the Senator for the correction. The
State of Rhode Island before the war had some
three million dollars of circulation, as I under-
stand, and now has over twelve millions. I do
not remember the circulation of Massachusetts,
hut I think the distinguished Senator from that
State said it was $20,000,000 before the war,
and it is now $60,000,000, three times as much ;
and yet we are told that it is improper to dis
turb that condition of things. Why, sir, their
laborers, their farmers, their mechanics will
not suffer from this. It will be simply the
men who make their interest out of supplying
the rest of the country with circulation. If
we go to Massachusetts and want to buy the
circulation which is alloted to a national bank
we can do it by paying them six or seven per
cent. They will sell that privilege to us for six
or seven per cent. It is said by some Senators
that we could get it cheaper under that system
than under the other, but if they can afford to
sell their circulation to a southern bank and
not let their material interests suffer, I want
to know why they cannot afford to allow a
general law act so that it shall take their cir-
culation from them?
Mr. President, 1 hope that this bill will pass
just as it came from the committee, not be-
cause I should not be willing to accept some
proposition like that of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts if I thought it would bring about
the desired result, not because I should not
be willing to see a new scheme developed if I
were satisfied that it would accomplish the
desired result, but because I am convinced,
and I think other Senators are convinced, that
unless this bill passes no bill will pass, and
unless this bill passes at this session we shall
have to go over to the next session of Con-
gress and have the same kind of debate here
again. The Souih and the West demand re-
lief; the circumstances are such that we can
get relief at this session of Congress in no
other way than by this bill, and therefore I
hope the friends of the bill will stand by it to
the last.
Mi'. CORBETT. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the amount of tax act-
ually paid by the bauks. This tax is returned
to the people, who pay it. If the proposition
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts is
adopted the banks will, according to the pres-
ent statement, pay back to the people just
about the amount of tax which they cost the
Government. The full amount of capital of
the national banks is $422,000,000. To these
banks is issued $300,000,000 of bank currency.
These banks pay the General Government in
taxes §9,525,000 and to the States $8,813,000,
making a total of $18,338,000. Here $18,000,-
000 is paid by these banks to the national and
State Governments for the privilege of circu-
lating $300,000,000 of national bank notes.
Senators must concede that we have to pay the
interest on the bonds which are deposited with
the Government for this bank circulation,
whether they are so deposited or not, unless
we inflate the currency with legal tenders to
such an extent that we can never return to
specie payment. Unless we have the assist-
ance of the banks, and throw the responsibility
partly upon them, it will be impossible for us
to return to specie payments, because with
$100,000,000 of gold in the Treasury we can-
not pay $700,000,000 of legal-tender notes.
We must reduce the amount of legal tenders
befox-e we can return to specie payments. I
merely rose to call attention to the fact that
by the last report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury the banks, for their $300,000,000 of cir-
culation, actually pay over $18,000,000 of
taxes to the General and State Governments.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I am glad
that this bill is before the Senate and that the
Senate have discussed it as long as they have.
I believe that when there is talking, speech-
making, and declaiming here there will be no
vicious legislation. I was not of that opinion
when I first came into this body; but I must
confess it was because I did not understand and
could not comprehend the language and the
views that were expressed all about me when
the subject of speech-making was excessively
disagreeable ; but I have changed my opinion
in that regard as well as upon various other
subjects appertaining to the affairs of this
country. I have never heard, I think, in my
life so much ignorance displayed in any matter
as I have in the discussion of this banking
question to day. Such is my opinion ; it may
not be founded upon correct premises, but if
I have any experience whatever and any knowl-
edge of the subject, I must confess that my
judgment is in the direction that I have indi-
cated.
In 1866 the exports of Great Britain amounted
to £188,000,000 sterling, or in currency value
nearly thirteen hundred million dollars. Her
imports during the same year amounted to
£295,000,000, nearly twenty-one hundred mil-
lion dollars. She accomplished that great work
on a currency of about two hundred and. ten
million dollars. It may be pleasing or displeas-
ing to members of the Senate and to the country
to be informed that during the period we were
engaged in war, from 1860 to 1867, for we have
hardly yet been absolved from the war, she
reduced the taxes on her people $125,000,000
in currency. If it was a question of currency
on which trade is established and carried on,
certainly the amount that the people of Great
Britain have engaged in their operations, judg-
ing from the amount required in this country,
must be insufficient; for we have, to do the work
that the people of this country are engaged in,
nearly seven hundred million dollars in cur-
rency. Is it, then, a question of currency that
enters at all into the calculations of the finan-
cial condition? It must be observed and
understood and calculated upon that there is
nothing exported from this country except raw
materials, and there is nothing exported from
Great Britain except manufactured articles to
any very great extent. We export the soil in
the shape of cotton and tobacco, and not one
cent in effect against the §1,300,000,000 of
Great Britain in 1866, and augmented for the
three years since to a much larger amount.
What office does currency perform ? What
is its condition in reference to banking and to
the business of the country? These banks j
receive the currency in the beginning. They
discount the currency to their customers for
their customers' securities. This currency
never returns to the banks except in insignifi-
cant amounts. The banking is done upon the
securities thathavebeen received, and on those
the currency is issued and never returns. So
it is beyond a peradventure that the business
of the country is not conducted upon the cur-
rency. Where, then, is this currency? I will
presently inform the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts hasinformed
us that the country is growing rich, and I have
denied his proposition. He has stated that the
amount of production in the State of Massa-
chusetts and in the country has been thus and
so ; but he has not entered upon that far more
important consideration of this question, that
the amount of production is of no consideration
whatever except where that production yields
a profit beyond its cost. I do not care if this
country produces the amount indicated by the
exportation of Great Britain, there is not a
dollar of wealth in it if its cost is greater than
the sum it receives.
I said in former remarks upon this subject
that a speaker must first do away with the
impression that he is a knave before his case
can receive the proper consideration that its
intrinsic merit entitles it to. I was not aware
when I uttered that remark that I was as near
the truth as I have subsequently found to be
the case. There is in this Senate such an im-
pression; and it has come, perhaps, from my
own State, judging from a paragraph in a news-
paper owned and controlled by my colleague,
in which it is said, in an editorial, that Governor
Sprague is embarrassed in his business affairs
and by his attention to public matters. The
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, will admit
that in the discharge of my duties as a member
of that committee at the last session my labors
were certainly not of a very arduous character,
and so of all the committees on which I served
during the last session of Congress; so that it
is quite clear that in that respect the suggestion
had no foundation in feet. The Senate can also
remember, if they will recall the transactions
of the last session, that public business did not
come from me. If there was any anxiety con-
cerning public affairs it belonged to some other
Senator than myself; so that is an untrue
statement.
I deem it due to the Senate and to those
who are interested in the subject-matter that [
am endeavoring to bring to the attention of
the Senate and the country that they should
know these facts. It seems, I do not know
why, that for the last three months everything
in which the firm that when I am at home 1
take an interest in, and all the other enter-
prises in which I have been engaged, have
culminated successfully beyond any other year
or even any three years in which I have been
engaged in business. It may be also gratify-
ing to those who may be interested in the
subjects which have been brought forward to
know that I have not received nor called for
any information concerning my private affairs
since I have been here at the last and the pres-
ent session, nor have I heard anything about
them but three times; so that attention to my
private business and anxiety concerning it
could not embarrass me or lead me to erro-
neous conclusions concerning the state of the
country.
I have in my drawer that which Europe, with
the exception of Russia, and this country have
been for fifty years trying to develop, and I
have brought it to a successful consummation—
the manufacture of Russia iron ; bat I cannot
manufacture it in this country in consequence
of the absorption of capital by the acts of Con-
gress and by those who now hold the capital
of this country and use it rough-shod in em-
barrassing every interest and in destroying and
confiscating all branches of property and in-
dustry throughout this whole country. I have
in my hand also the result of experiments in
the successful preservation of wood, which will
■save this country billions of money. My in-
vestment in that has been paid for by the sale
of the right for one State, and I control it. I
have brought to a successful development that
which Europe for the last fifty years has been
striving for in the production of fine yarns out
of the ordinary staple of cotton. I have proved
the success of the experiment, that as high as
No. 80 yarns can be produced from an aver-
age fair quality of New Orleans cotton.
When those who had charge of my business
