1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
died and left it to me they were producing
about seven thousand pieces of calico cloth m
a week, not of a very superior character. Dur-
ing the past year that institution, without much
if any additional apparatus or capital, has pro-
duced fifty thousand pieces a week, and it is
now being carried on at twenty and twenty-
two cents for cotton, while all New England
is manufacturing upon a value of nearly thirty-
two cents for the same quality. An article
which enters into the production of that prod-
uct almost to the same extent is being intro-
duced into it at a price averaging twelve cents,
when those about me are compelled to employ
it at twenty. If there is any anxiety concern-
ing that state of things it is beyond my calcu-
lation to understand it.
Sir, the insinuation came before the article
to me in private communications, and from the
very people who now exercise the vicious and
damnable influence over all the industries of
this country to which I have adverted.
It is not my purpose at this time to give
utterance to my views of the character of those
insinuations, or to give to the country a history
of pernicious influences that they have exer-
cised from the beginning of my public career
until the present time, where they have dis-
graced the whole annals of the State if it was
made public; they have made cowards of men,
disgraced regiments of men, disgraced a State,
disgraced an army, disgraced a country. I will
furnish the information on some subsequent
occasion. It is only that which might be
expected in regard to a man who takes an
independent stand in this country contrary to
those who are wielding unbounded control,
who have the control of your legislation, your
business, your capital, and who make Senators
the objective point of their attack, who corrupt
wherever they touch. It is as I might have
expected. Sir, if there is any man in this
assembly or in the other House, or engaged in
any public or official duty, that can stand the
attacks, that can stand the corruptiveinfluences
of the powers now urged against me, lie is
more than a god. It cannot be done. That
influence is to-day riding rough shod through-
out the country, and yet the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts tells us that all is serene!
A capitalist is he who has money or whose
credit enables him to command money. He
knows nothing or next to nothing of any of the
requirements of the trade and industry of the
people, and he cares nothing except to use
them. His management is first to seize great
organized capital, like, for instance, the banks
of New York. These banks have first the
currency issued to them by the Government
of the Jnited States; then the deposits of
national banks in the interior; then the de-
posits of small capitalists, who receive a small
interest thereon; then the deposits of men
doing business; then the deposits of postmas-
ters, pension agents, Navy and Army disbursing
officers, and a host of other Government offi-
cials. ,
Here is collected a mighty power, either ior
good or evil, to be used in the interest of the
people or against their interest; and in addi-
tion to this mighty power there is exercised
the facility of indorsing or certifying checks
to an amount perhaps larger than both the
deposits and capital. Thus is created one of
the mightiest engines that ever existed on the
face of the globe. Isit exerted in the interest
of trade and commerce ? Where is your com-
merce? I have told you that your trade was
unprofitable. Is it exercised in the interest of
the agriculturists of this country? I have on
my table undoubted evidences of the want of
prosperity in all the interior portion of the
western country separated from the cities. _ Cer-
tainly this great engine has not exercised itself
in the interest oi any of these industries. It
is somewhere. It is at work. Power never
remains idle in the hands of good, bad, or
indifferent men. These banks as a general thing
are managed by men who are ignorant of every
other pursuit than that which they are engaged
in. Five or six men manage each oft these
institutions. Is it hard to control these men
by interesting them in the profits of operations
or by the pride of social attention? Thus falls
all this mighty power into the hands of those
who will use the means to exercise control of
it. The banks, then, are tools to be used by
the men behind them, aud they come here for
legislation in theirown interestand to promote
the advantage of their masters.
Mr. ABBOTT. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will yield, I will make a motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Not at present. Is it the
habit of men constituted like this assemblage
and the other House to bow in obedience to
and to believe in the suggestions made by
wealthy capitalists? The same _ influence is
operating on every public officer in the land,
and if he be not more than human, as I have
previously said, he will surrender to the tempt-
ations placed before him. Here, under my
own observation, was an offer to a $3,000
clerk to report upon a certain matter in a cer-
tain way, and $100,000 worth of temptation
was placed before him. Here, also, in my
belief, was the cause of a provision agreed
to by both Houses of Congress, being left
off an appropriation bill involving a saving to
this Government of §2,000,000. These are
are two instances out of thousands. The
people are led to believe that the distillers of
whisky are the real offenders in corrupting
public officers. This is not so. The laws of
Congress are of such a character that the dis-
tiller can barely survive after he shall havepaid
the levies put upon him by Government officials
acting as the tools of the power I have indi-
cated that stands behind and shares in the theft
and extortion. The forced levies of arbitrary
power in the most corrupt days of the Roman
empire never equaled those 1 have indicated.
In their operations stand charged some names
that stand high in the estimation of the people
of the Republic. No people were ever so
viciously controlled as the people of the United
States now are. As this power is unseen and
subtle, it is much more dangerous and vicious.
It shields itself, if attacked, behind its vic-
tim or tool. Hence the capitalist will as read-
ily abandon parties, politicians, Legislatures,
banks, &c., as he has used them whenever
they fall into disfavor with the people, when-
ever the people are templed to strike against
this tool or victim to obtain redress, aud each
time missing the real causc of their misery the
actual culprits escape. You can never pulyour
hands on them bodily, for their number is added
to or taken from as speculations or operations
succeed or fail. The people may strike down
the tool or victim, as they did in the case Jef-
freys, but they will never reach the seat of
their troubles until they have driven the king
from the throne by instituting the control ot
the money market indicated by the proposition
to disburse the Government funds and place
on the market daily the balances of Govern-
ment receipts and individual deposits, and this
through men who have the public confidence
and whose operations will surely command the
situation, give stability to material interests, to
society, to religion, and politics, and liberate
the people.
I have not raised my voicc to destroy any
interests, but to preserve them all, and 1 come
to show the clear way to remedy tne difficult}'.
Do it, and that speedily, or your seats will be !
vacated and the people will do it for them- j
selves; and as constitutions are of no possible i
  will make it the first
try and Great Britain. I have obtained some
information on that point, which I send to the
desk to be read as part of my remarks.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Dkpaktmkxt of Agriculture,
Washington*, March 12. 1869.
Deak Sir : In response to your request for a state;
ment shownig the rate ot'increase ui the product ot
wtieat per aero iu Gieat J3n'aiu, and giving somo
idea of the rate of decrease m production per .<ci e in
this country, allow me to say that our temporary
occupancy ot lauds in wheat, and the extension ot
wneat growing to newiiclds. winch will in turn bo
abandoned m a tew years, prevents a proper appre-
ciation ot the alarming decreasei& the yield which is
actually observed in localities iu which wheat view-
ing has been long practiced.
it is a tact that diminution of yield is the rale, to
winch the o ly exceptions are furnished by a tew
scientific larmcis iu all States iuwhieU thoaaiae lands
are cultivated m wheat tor a series ol yeais. i'or
instance, in Ohio, for a period ot live years ending ill
185-1, the average yield was tuirteen and three tenths
busiiels; ior succeeding period oi livu years, eleven
and two tenths bushels; for eight years, ending m
1807, ten and live tenths busheis. Comparing the
penod ending in 1851 with the last five years, a still
greater reduction is shown, nine and three tenths
bushels being the average, or a reduction of four
bushels, or thirty per cent, decrease in fourteen
years. ,   ,
In 1863, owing to severe winter-killing, the average
was ruinously depressed in the Ohio valley, being
but lour and live tenths bushels in Ohio, live aud
nine tenths in Indiana, and six and five tenths m
Kentucky. The average for the l/nited States in that
year did not exceed ten aud five tenths tjuancls.
A remarkable decrease in production is reported
in the iTeneseo valley, the bread-yielding section so
famous a lew years since. The JNew York census of
18tj5 gives but twelve bushels as the average lor tno
crop of 1861 in that State, uur national average lor
a tew years past lias not exceeded twelve bushels pel-
ade,notwithstanding the laigei yieldsol (Jalitornia.
and occasionally some ol liewiy-Svtlled western and
northwestern States. .
Turning to Unglaud, an increase in production can
be shown amounting in one hundred years to five
bushclsperaere. lulTTO, according 10 Arthur 1 oung,
the yield was twenty-lhreo bushels; in 18ol), by the
estimates of Can a, twenty-six and a halt bushels;
at the present time tweniy-eignt bushels is con-
sidered the real average, though the crop of last year
exceeded it. The average in Ireland lor twenty years
past is placed at twent} -lour bushols; lor trreat-Brit-
a,m—England. Scotland, and li eland twenty-seven
bushels.
Vciy respectfully, U0RACE CAPB0N,
ConuniHHioner.
Hon. William Spkauue, United States Senate.
Mr. Sl^IiAGUii. I have received a com-
munication from the West which. I desire to
embody in these remarks, and hence I ask Ior
its reading.
The Chief Clerk road as follows;
Indianapolis, March 25,1869.
I>I]Ar Sin: i observe that you made some remarks
yesterday 111 the Senate upon the threatening con-
dition ot public aliairs. liave the kmuness to send
me a lull lepurtot them. Uur papers quite generally
published the remaiks you made upon lue same sub-
ject two or three weeks a«o. Are our legislators
blind Y Can they not see tnatthey are directly and
indirectly robbing every man oi'ciuerpuse and send-
ing want and muery to lour hfihsct our people? bueii
a shrinkage in everything as is now going lorward.
was never known in this country. Tnote who arc
directly or indirectly connected with banks are
swallowing up everything at arapidly compounding
rate. Our laborers and mechanics are losing their
little homes by hundreds and thousands that a very
tew may suddenly make their moneyed capital equal
to specie. Thepriee of the necessaries ot hie stiii
keeps up, as capital cannot be had to enable our peo-
ple lo engage in agriculture. it leouires capital to
enablo them to engage even in gardening.
When, m 1S64 and 18l>5, capital was plenty the
price ot all neccssaiies ot tile, aud even vegetables.
ii>il by leason oi' the lacility with which capital
was obtained to enable a gardener to commence ihe
cultivation of a lew acres. Now those who would
turn their attention to agriculture in a small way
cannot. Hence prices of all articles a family needs
keep up. i reier to this to call attention to the fact
that our laboreis and skilled mechanics cannot turn
. their attention to production if they would, andalso
to call attention to another suggestive lact, that al-
though so many men wore wi.ndiawn liom agricul-
ture m lb(34 and 1805, there was a gradual d^cuine in
pnee ot all tlie articles needed ior lamily use by
reason of sutheient capit.il to enable our people to
mOaik in piuduoiion. With ^l,0UJ,tK)0,U0U ot eireu-
\ ,„;u nvo.A ir rhp i rsfc i! emOai k 111 piuduoiion. \\ ltn ^i,uuo,uou,uiv oi eiicu-
accoiuit witdoufc it, the, 1 ' ,! the price oi Hour, meat, butter, cneese, vegeta-
article that they next enact, lins statement ji )jlc^ weut ^owu 0il account ol increased pro-
is made for the consideration ot the candid 1 1   •- ^^ < t0
and thoughtful, as the people unacquainted
with great business operations are not expected
to comprehend it, and I ask oi those who can
comprehend what I now say to teach the peo-
ple the true cause of their present difficulty.
I made a statement some days since as to
the disparity of production between this couti-
IJ 1 V'"* I O-VM v 11 t VXV^VYll V'xi.
clucuon and competition, m production, ami goiu to
about twentv-iive per cent, premium. While witu-
rirawmgeuirency and oppressing labor interests, ue
price oi all else has gone up, by reason ot ttie
| bihty ot our people to get tno small capital *
| by tnem ior engaging even in supplying our maiKe.
A specie basis can only be reached hi lorcc uud
! the present policy. It miutit have ®om<- taiough
| pro^penty. Oan it be reacned and maintained by
[ drying up all sources of private revenue except by
