360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
and through Government monopoly? To-day I
notice that Amos A. Walker, of Boston, has another
plan for attaining "a specie basis." Contraction,
the road he points out; contraction and destruction
of values of all except the necessaries of life, money
obligations, and that which is held up by class legis-
lation for capital.
I say no legislation based on contraction and the
dwarimg of the values of productive property can
secure a specie basis unless despotic power is inau-
gurated. Is it possible for the money power of this
country to carry out their terrible policy? Can they
who now are daily swallowing up the property of
their fellow-citizens in order that their bonds and
bank stocks shall be equal to gold accomplish their
objects? I think not. The United States House of
^Representatives in 1870 will reverse the engine. No
man in tlie West or middle States can be elected who
favors the Sherman-Sohenck policy. Inl871wewill
see "dead-locks " in Congress, and the cry for quar-
ter will not come alone Irom those now oppressed.
The bondholder will then be asuppliant. Why could
not the bondholder and capitalist in money permit
general prosperity and the mcreaseof the objects ot
taxation? Why not permit that prosperity to con-
tinue which enabled the people to pay nearly six
hundred million dollars of the public debt in one
year? I do not believe that in the history of the
world such blindness and insanity ever seized upon
a moneyed class as has taken possession of the bond-
holders and bankers of the East. "One extreme fol-
lows another," and they have manifested such a dis-
regard of the other interests of the country, and such
a reckless indifference to the sufferings of a patriotic
people, who if permitted to hvo without being im-
poverished would have willingly paid the debt, that
they will in 1871 be in a minority in Congress in the
popular branch, and be willing to take what they
can get, which will be little indeed.
I believe if the currency had not been contracted,
and all manipulation of the public tunds by McCul-
loch avoided, that now we would have been very near
aspecie basis, and the price of all home productions
for necessary supply would have been low. and that
the Government could have collected $500,1)00,000
easier than it can now collect $100,000,000, 1 have no
fears after 1870. New faces and new ideas will lili
thopopularbranchoiCongress. The pent-up feelings
of detestation and sense ot wrong daily growing will
burst forth like a volcano upon the heads of those
who now are deaf to what you are telling them, and
blind to the suffering they could observe if not
absorbed in the acquisition of unheard-ot wealth by
legislation. The President pledged himself to obey
the people. He will know their views in 1870, if not
before. The example the bondholders and their in-
struments have setm Congress will be imitated when
the representatives of other interests occupy the
places where laws are made. It cannot be other-
wise, or our people are to bo slaves, and a low are
to rule many. Why should they be m haste to build
up an aristocracy of wealth in this country? Why
should this young country be dwarled into a com-
mercial dependency ol the European Governments
for the benefit of importers, bondholders, money-
lenders,and alegaliy createdanstooracy ot wealth?
Warn them again and again, lour tpeeches are
published in cveiy newspaper in the countiy that
does not belong to the bondnolders, or that not in
their interest. Continue to warn them ot the effect
their cruel policy is producing. Tell them it in the
end will be their destruction, or ihey will bo com-
pelled to pour out their money like water to sustain
some usurper who will try to prove that 4,a public
debt is the parent of despotism." If it shall become
necessary for the money power to create a despotism
in order that the debt may be paid, can a despot bo
found equal to the task required? It tound, willnot
the expense attending the establishment and perpet-
uation of such apower.causo the creation ot another
debt? Is it not best to cause our people to feel that
there is no antagonism between the bondholders and
themselves? Can such an extent of territory as ours
be governed by one man in the interest of a class
who to enhance the value of their wealth in " paper
promises" strives to grind the last dollar irom that
kind of enterprise, winch if spared, would have dif-
fused taxation and not even thought ot the debt as
oppressive'/ Why so sensitive? Why monthly some
suggestive enactment to "fatrengthenpubiiceiedit,"'
when ail public credit depends upon private pros-
perity and credit? Can pubnecredit bestronger as
pnvatu credit is weakened? Governor Mokton said
in a late speech that "the patient was being daily
depleted while needing tonics and supporting treat-
ment." He might have said with equal truth that
there was not only daily depletion, but a dctily les-
sening of nutrition,
I fear that I am boring you with this long letter.
My object in writing was merely to give you a word
of encouragement, and to indicate the effect of pres-
ent legislation. I do not want to see a contest be-
tween labor and capital. I abhor such an unneces-
sary conflict. I do not desire to see the debtor section
muishaled against the creditor section; I do not
wish to see a revengeful spirit engendered between
classes; I dp not desire to see candidates ior Con-
gress obtaining votes by inflaming the prejudices of
our people against those who hold the public debt;
but can such a spectacle be avoided? The fact that
we have still out nearly four hundred million dollars
in greenbacks only causes the people to regard the
public debt. Take away that portion of the public
debt m which the people have a direct interest and
it will only have the friendship ot the constantly
decreasing lew who will own it. In 1870 the debtand
bonds will be the theme. The oppressors of labor
and industry will be the victims unless they heed your
warning voico. There will be neifher'sympathy or
favor ior those who have, for temporary benefit to
themselves, risked public faith and honor, and who
are rapidly transforming a people who wanted the
debt all honestly paid to the last cent into a reckless
condition of desperation, which in the end will bring
woes to others than those now oppressed. How un-
necessary is all this stagnation in business. How
stupid, how suicidal, the course now pursued by those
I refer to. As you told them, they have done no good,
while doing infinite harm. I do not expect them to
heed 5 our warnings. I expect them to laugh at your
predictions now, but do expect them in the end to
call you a prophet. Tell them to look out for the
result of the elections in 1870, which will send men
to Congress who will " strengthen private credit/'
The mutterings and murmurings which are not now
listened to will swell into the stunning thunders of
"repeal." There will be no division among those
whose warnings, persuasions, and prayers for quarter
have been treated with silence or disdain. Excuse
this long letter.  #
Hon. William Sprague.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, prior to
1861 the farming as well as the manufacturing
interest of this whole country was in a state of
general bankruptcy. There is not a member
here from the West who can gainsay the posi-
tion I assume. There is not a man in New
England that can displace that proposition.
Mr. WILSON. What is the proposition ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The proposition that if
the manufacturing interest of New England
was sold prior to this war it would not have
paid the debts of those engaged in that busi-
ness. If legislators of the past can find satis-
faction in the hand that they have had in shap-
ing the destinies of this country I must confess
that they are satisfied with very small results.
Why should we be behind the nations of Eu-
rope? Why should we be behind GreatBritain,
with a territory not greater than the State of
New York, and with a climate not favorable
to the development of the industries in which
she is engaged, and this country with every
variety of climate, with a virgin soil, with every-
thing that the hand of man desires? We are
considered in the estimation of the world to-
day as destructives and disorganizes. That
is the estimate put upon the people of this
country whenever they go abroad or whenever
legislation is directed toward the relations that
exist between them. Is that a picture to re-
joice the heart of an American citizen ?
Mr. President, I have 110 other object but to
convince everybody of the disastrous condition
of our situation and to point out the remedy.
I tell the Senator from Massachusetts that the
condition of the industries of his State and of
New England may be compared to a row of
bricks, when one goes your fabric is gone.
There is not a hanker in New York but will
admit the fact that if in the case of a certified
check that is made without deposits behind it
to a large amount the person who receives the
check thus certified should repudiate his obli-
gation, down would go the mighty structure
there. If, sirs, you are not standing on a vol-
cano I am no judge of the condition of things ;
and it is all in consequence of this mighty
power waged against the industries of the coun-
try and of the masses of the people.
Here come to me letters from the South :
"Extricate us from the terrible extortions that
are made upon us by the moneyed men; twenty-
five per cent, per annum to carry on our busi-
ness, and money difficult to get at that." Why,
sir, it is in my remembrance that a shaver of
paper beyond the legal rate was detested and
despised by the whole community wherein he
lived, but to-day he commands all branches of
your industry and property, and is as surely
enslaving the people of this country as the
slave-master who commanded his negro house-
hold, I have felt anxious about the situation
because I have seen this tendency for three
years and I have studied this question deeply,
night and day, for three years, and I believe I
comprehend the situation.
Does the Senator from Massachusetts under-
stand the forces by which business is regulated ?
Can he create a business and carry it on profit-
ably? Can he, when that business is in danger
of being brought to a stand, suggest measures
that will carry it on successfully? Yes, sir,
he can, in the issue of more power to the mas-
ter here and elsewhere, for that in substance
is the character of the proposition he presents
to this body. I have no doubt that he is in-
formed by those around him that the condition
of the people of this country is peaceful and
prosperous, but the information that he re-
ceives is from men who derive advantage from
his great position and great influence. Can he
tell of his own knowledge that the statements
he makes can be relied upon? Can he tell
that his informants know correctly as to the
information which they give him? Certainly
not. What does he know about society ? How
much of it does he mingle with? He mingles
with those that he comprehends. Are they
such men as can give a comprehensive view of
our present situation? No man shall stand
here, either through inattention or ignorance
or from any other cause, and mistake the sit-
uation.
He tells the people of this country that their
material interests arc prosperous, and that
everybody is getting rich. He may influence
this Senate, but the people will ask him if he
intends to make them believe that white is not
white, but that it is black. As the farmer who
was rich laughed at one that made the state-
ment that he was poor, so will the masses of
the people of this country laugh at the state-
ment made by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Senator understands parties, the crea-
tion of parties, and the carrying of them on
successfully. No man is more familiar with that
subject; but he mistakes his calling when he
gives utterance to opinions touching the inter-
ests of the masses of the people of the United
States. Cities are indeed prosperous, and the
whole capital of this country is collected in
those cities, and the power of that capital is
controlled and exercised in increasing the
value of the property there; but the people
outside of the cities suffer, and the people in
the cities suffer too. Not three weeks ago in-
formation came to me of a gentleman adver-
tising for labor to go to the South, and the first
day he had three hundred applicants, and the
next three thousand. Does that indicate a
state of contentment among the people in the
rich city of New York? The manufacturers
of New England, induced by my example, are
manufacturing to-day at a loss, and accumulat-
ing stocks, and they have made no money for
the past two or three years. Money is made
by manufacturers only by the application of
the power that I have indicated, which crushes
out those who are engaged in the same business
with itself.
The tendency of this collection of capital in
few hands, as I have repeated time and time
again, is to crush out all small industries and
to build up mammoth ones, and they are be-
ing built up on the poverty of the people of
the United States and to the sacrifice of their
property unchecked. They are running riot
over this land. Why, sir, in the exercise of
this power a man connected with the Erie rail-
road who two years ago was without a dollar
in his pocket exercises five hundred times
more control now over the business and social
affairs of this country than Rothschilds with
his $400,000,000 can exercise in the affairs of
Great Britain. Rothschilds to-day, exercising
all the power of his $400,000,000, cannot
change the value of consols one eighth of one
per cent.
I have spoken of society in this country.
The Senator from Massachusetts has told us
that the moral condition of the people of this
country may be imitated with profit. My com-
parison of the people of our own country with
people abroad has been criticised by anony-
mous letters, the writers of which say to me
" You must be familiar with that disturbing
element in and among American society."
Certainly, if I was not familiar with American
society 1 should not have hazarded the state-
ment that I made. I make no statement in
this Senate or elsewhere that I cannot sub-
stantiate by the clearest proof and the best
evidence. Anonymous writets criticise the
