1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
comparison. Tho corruptions, the dregs of
society abroad, appear at stated places growing
out of the purifying of the stream of general
society, and Americans who travel abroad mix
and mingle in that filth and come home here
to inculcate the immoralities that they have
seen upon their own society. The comparison
cannot in any form or in any manner cease to
be exactly as I have indicated it. I might point
to the condition of things and the reeking cor-
ruptions attending the collection of your inter-
nal revenue. It is clear to any man with half
an eye that the statement I have made is true,
and it is responded to perhaps more than any
remark that I have made since it was my duty
to take my stand upon this floor.
This great power that I have referred to,
corrupt and vicious, now controlling the affairs
of this country, and which the people can
never touch except by the application of a
power of a like character and equal to it, in a
monarchical government is resisted and sub-
dued, as Charles 1, when he stole the deposits
of the Goldsmiths and put them in the tower,
and then took them from the tower for his
own use. We have no such controlling influ-
ence over this most despotic, this most tyran-
nical power upon our whole society
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator to
yield to a motion that we go into executive
session. It is now twenty minutes to five, and
wc must have an executive session this after
noon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall get a vote
on the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is out of the ques-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the friends of this
bill will sit it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Rhode Island has not finished.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those who are opposed
to the bill seem determined to prolong the
debate day after day. We have already spent
three days upon it, and those in favor of its
passage have not occupied the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
seem to be any nearer the end than he was
three days ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. We shall have a vote, I
think, after a while, if we sit it out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island yield to the motion
of the Senator from Maine?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the Senator
yielding for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
has no right to object. The Senator from
Rhode Island says he yields, and I make the
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been the
practice of the Senate, as the Chair under-
stands, to allow a Senator on the floor to yield
to a motion for an adjournment or for an
executive session. Tho Senator from Maine
moves that the Senate now pioceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 42 ; as follows :
YEAS—Mec&is. Anthony, Bi-ownlow, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cragm, Fes-ienden, Harlan, P.itr.eison,
Ramsey, Scott, Sprague, Sumner, and Yates—13.
JS'AYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bavard, Bweman, Cas-
serly, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Drake, Fenton,
Fowler. Gilbert, Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Kellogg,
McUreery, McDonald, Morrill, Morton, Nye.Osborn,
Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Sohurz. Sherman. Spencer. Stockton,Thayer, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull. Vickers, Warner, Willey,
William', and Wilson—43.
ABSENT--McoHrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Cattell,
Edmunds. Ferry, (iii'nes, Hamilton, Howard, Nor-
ton, Saulsbuiy, and Stewart—11.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I said on
a former occasion, touching the ability of this
body to originate wise legislation, that owing
to the pressure from without it was impossible
for them to give time and close attention to the
consideration of important public matters. I
pointed to the President and to the various
heads of Departments, the objective points of
the office seekers from every section of this
country, and I told you that no man or set of
men could stand before the pressure thus exer-
cised upon them. The people of this country
mightas well understand tliatthe men engaged
in legislation and in performing the executive
functions pertaining to the administration of
the Government are muzzled, and the Govern-
ment is breaking down by the force of this
weight thus placed upon them.
It is said that the people of a republic will
receive unwholesome truths carelessly, and
that they will derive no advantage from such
truths when placed before them; that they
will not act upon them ; that it is only under
monarchical institutions that virtue can pre-
vail. This statement comes from men who are
familiar with both and have watched both for
years. I deny the assertion. If the people
of a republic can be made to comprehend the
principle on which monarchs give prosperity
to their people, and apply it to their own insti-
tutions, why will they not succeed as well? A
monarch having his throne to sustain is more
watchful and guarded than any irresponsible
representative body. Hence he applies the
principle and the means that will best promote
his security. This people need never intrust
superior control in any man's hands, as they
have m the remedy I have proposed a sure one,
more faithful, more honest, more reliable than
any man can possibly be. The people of the
United States have been pointed to this man
and to that man on whom they were to lt-ly.
The moment when they made that application
commenced the temptation by which that fa-
vorite hoped to arrive at superior power over
them. The people of this country should re-
pudiate every man who is not competent to
take care of the situation and give good and
wholesome advice, no matter what may have
been his previous history or his previous ser-
vices. If any man foists himself upon the
people of this country because of past ser-
vices, unless he is successful in continuing
those services in the interest of the people,
he is a worthless instrument, and should be
abandoned at once.
Sir, the Senate controls to-day the execu-
tive, the legislative, and the material interests
of this country. The Senate of the United
States is responsible lor the present condition
of the political, social, and material affairs of
the people, and it is because I believe that
responsibility rests here that I have taken the
time of the Senate as I have to give to them
the benefit of my experience and my research.
I shall close now with a hasty consideration of
the idea which has blinded this body and the
people and the executive depaitment of this
Government, who have control over our affairs,
that our present disturbed condition is in con-
sequence of the non-payment of specie. W e
are told that specie payments will effect a cure
for our financial difficulties. The aim, then,
is to force such a condition. It is not to come
as a natural consequence of the increase of the
industries of the people, but it must he forced
i through by legislative enactment. Your eotn-
j merce is destroyed; your manufacturing inter-
1 ests jeopardized; your agriculture paying no
! profit; trade stagnant and dull, and witLout
I profit; and yet specie payments are to be forced
upon the people of this country, and every day
i that the screw is turned labor ceases to be
j employed, and the people are anxious as to
' their living for the future. When specie pay-
| ments are thus forced the holders of_ national
1 bank currency will apply for redemption. Let
j them do it, and see where they will come out.
The bonds of the banks will be forced on the
! market. My friends will say, let them be
j forced.
I The banks of New England, under my own
observation, were unable prior to the war to
keep out more than ten per cent, of their cir-
culation, and the time that that circulation
was kept out would not average more than
fifteen days, and it would then be rediscounted.
What value is there in a circulation when it
must be constantly distributed in that way ? Is
it a capital on which business can be done, and
is it that upon which you can rely, my friends
from the South, to do your planting and farm-
ing and other business? Our bills were held
at as high a credit as the national currency is
now or ever will be. Let the bills be redeemed
before the sale of the bonds, and the securities
that were received when the currency was dis-
counted must be sold. Then what are the
customers to do who have their obligations to
meet, and who must pay the wages to those
they employ? There will come on the market
$350,000,000 of your currency to be paid for
by the capital of the banks, and your business
will cease to be carried on. Besides, about
the same time your market is to receive an
additional amount of $400,000,000 of your
bonds. That, it must be easily observed, de-
preciates the value of both the bonds and the
securities; but it does not lessen tlie indebted-
ness of the banks. You never, so long as each
of you live, can arrive at a condition of specie
payments on the road that you have com-
menced and followed with such terrific disasters
to the interests of the people of this country.
This measure is in tho interest of speculators.
My friends from the South will get no possible
advantage from this act. They think they will.
I vote against it because it add3 to the power
centralized in New York,which holds despotic
sway from the center to the circumference of
this country. If it were to rest in the hands of
those engaged in the productive interests of tho
South it might be confined to those interests ;
but 1 have never yet seen men engaged in any
business who would not apply their means
where they would obtain the highest profit.
Those who have money to loan will be exceed-
ingly cautious how they invest this year to be
paid m the next, dependent upon the price of
tho products of the farmer. The men who
obtain this currency by depositing the bonds
of the United States in the Treasury will take
it from the South and will use it in the lotteries
that are going on in every city of the United
States. If its tendency was in any other direc-
tion,why is there not afiowol'the $700,000,000
of currency that now exists to tho southern
States,where money commands twenty-five p-.r
cent to-day? It will go to New York. Oar
currency from Rhode Islandgoes to New Yoik;
and when it is required to pay our people we
buy it. We send to New York for it. It docs
not come to us.
But, sir, I do not oppose this proposition on
that ground. This change is one of the most
dangerous experiments that has ever been sug-
gested by tho Finance Committee and advo-
cated by the Senate. I told yon the other
day that it would disturb the relations of sixty
or ninety million dollars if the proposition of
the Senator from Indiana prevails. What will
be the result of taking from the money mar-
ket. even foj- three or four days, any portion
of this £20,000,000 ? It will all be taken with
great rapidity, for the sharks, who now ob-
serve with keen eye all opportunities to absorb
lands or money or securities, will seize upon
it : and my southern brethren invite them to
j take this capital and to carry it to New York.
! I do not oppose this proposition at all be-
j cause it will take circulation from Rhode
| Island. The Senate found it hard to believe
I that suggestion. But, sir, I have advised those
| who manage the banks in which I am inter-
j ested to retire a portion of this circulation,
!: that they may be prepared for that which* in
!; my judgment, will speedily hapfKn unless the
j! change that I piopose is made— the depreci-
atiou of the Government securities—to avail
themselves of the high price of Government
p stocks at this time to save their capital. Ihis
j biildoesnot take from the Slate ofRhode Island
one cent of capital. It restores to that State
ji capital. One dollar in every ten thafi is taken
i from her is a restoration. I/isa matter of int-04>
;; est on that currency, and it is to transfer it from
