362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
twenty thousand people; for I will observe
here that the banks that are dovetailed into
the business in which I am engaged are owned
by six hundred people. My interest and the
interest of those that I represent would be
something like twenty thousand dollars. Take
all these banks that are affected by the propo-
sition under discussion, and- it is to take from
twenty thousand laboring people, who use these
banks as their depositories, and give it to one
hundred speculators.
Sir, it is following exaetly in the precedents
that have been established of creating great
powers, great monopolies, and telling the peo-
ple that you are engaged in promoting their
material and social interests and their political
advancement. Under the guise of doing some-
thing for the South, the business interests of
the country will be jarred from its center to its
circumference, and the South will get not one
cent of advantage from the experiment. It is
not going to affect New England alone. I
predict that those who write mo from the South
and complain of being compelled to pay twenty-
five per cent, will in consequence of this pro-
position be forced to pay thirty per cent.
Is this a measure in the interest of the peo-
ple of the United States? Sir, it, is a measure
in the interest of the establishment of institu-
tions like the Park Bank of New York. The
condition of this country—I cannot parallel it
in any better way—is like that ot a mad horse
in full ruu with broken reins, or a steam-engine
without a regulator. The remedy for it ail is
in the paragraph that I will read j and I point
to this little book and ask Senators, when they
have time, to examine it—Hankey on Banking.
In the paragraph that I shall read is the whole
secret of the success of Great Britain. Adopt
her plan, a-nd in six months your finances will
be in as healthy a condition in the matter of
interest as hers is. If you will provide this
machinery, I will give a bond t,o the extent of
my whole property that that condition of things
will exist; that instead of building your rail-
roads and losing them at the same time on the
capital advanced to you from London, you will
have the capital at your door thanking you for
using it. Speaking of the Bank of England,
the writer says:
"No. 3 is perhaps the most important of all, as it
comprises all tfae accounts kept on behalf ot Gov-
ernment, for whom the b-auk receives eveiy shilling
of the income of the nation as well as the accounts
of a large number of public and private mercantile
and other establishments; and here it is that the
economy of banking can be most fully appreciated.
The whole revenue of the Government arising from
itsdaily icceipts of customs, excise, post office, taxes,
stamps, Ac., no matter whether received in London,
Cornwall, the Hebrides or Gatway, finds its way
almost immediately into the Bank of England, and
is thereby rendered instantly available lor the daily
demands en the State. In all these transmissions
scarcely a sovereign is used; the whole is clTec'ed
by purely banking arrangements. The collector of
Government may require to transmit £30,001) from
Liverpool to London, but some pnvato individu.il
on the same day wants to remit £50,000 trom London
to Liverpool through theJSank of England®!' through
some other bank: both transactions are carried out by
the mere entiv in books and ! he advice or inst "actions
sent by the po&t. TJierevcnueis paid into the Bank of
England at the rate of about one million pounds a
week ; that is in ordinary times. A considerable por-
tion oft bis is a I lowed to accumulate to provide means
on each quarter day for the paymcntot the dividends
on the Government debt. Suddenly on those days five
orsix million sterling are paid away by the bunk to
the public; but the difference as to the abundanco
or scaicityof money just before or just after the pay-
ment of this laige sum is scarcely appieciable."
There go into our sub-Treasury from day to
day and from week to week large amounts of
taxes, and they are kept there, while the money
in the market is bare and scarce, and is oper-
ated upon to make it still scarcer b}' the spee-
uialois with knowledge of the circumstance,
to cieate for themselves increased value on
the capital that they employ.
I thank the Senate for their attention.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, my col-
league in the eaily pait of his speech made an
allusiou so pointed to me that it is impossible
for me to ovcilook it. He referred to a para-
graph in a newspaper with which I am con-
nected, but the management of which I leave
to abler hands when I am engaged in my duties
here, and represented it as ail attack upon
him. Will he be so kind as to read the para-
graph if he has it with him?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have some difficulty in
finding it.
Mr. POMEROY. We can have it to-mor-
row.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is one. I cannot
find the other. [Sending a newspaper slip to
Mr. Axthoxy.]
Mr. AN 1HONY. Is it the paragraph that
is marked in this slip?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir; that is one of
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Clerk read it?
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Senator Spkagce mado another speech in the
Senate yesterday, in which he reiterated views pre-
viously expressed, and depiecated the prevalent low
tone of public" morals in society as well as in poli-
tics. The Senator's intense application to his offi-
cial duties and to his extensive private interests, we
fear, causes him to take too gloomy a view of the
general situation.''
Mr. ANTHONY. How my colleague, with
whom my relations have always been of the
most friendly character, and to whom the paper
to which he refers has always, at least since his
election to this body, given a cordial and gen-
erous support, ca« find m that paragraph an
attack upon his mercantile credit, lam utterly
unable to perceive. It bears no such construc-
tion. I am not bound to defend it, for I never
saw it until after it was published and reached
this city ; but I must certainly say that it bears
no such construction ; and 1 appeal to every
Senator who has heard it read if it can fairly
be so construed, and if it constitutes a proper
provocation for the manner in which my col-
league has referred to it. I regard it as merely
a kindly explanation of the extraordinary
speeches which my colleague has made here,
taking so singular and so gloomy a view of pub-
lic atiairs, politically, financially, socially, and
moral ly.
I did not intend to allude to those speeches,
and it affords me no pleasure to do so now ;
but, Mr. President, 1 should not he true to our
common constituency if I did not say that such
views find no echo in the State whose commis-
sion we both bear. The people of Rhode Island
do not believe that the country is on the verge
of ruin. They do not believe that the finances
are hopelessly deranged, or so. deranged that
the only remedy is to be found in some such
plan as my colleague has introduced. They
do not believe that labor is unrewarded ; and,
although capital in too many of its investments
at this time yields but scanty returns, they do
not find that it is altogether nnremunerated.
Still less have they any evidence that the coun-
try is plunged into the depths of social degra-
dation. However it may be elsewhere, and I
know of no such condition of things anywhere
in the country, it certainly does not, exist
among our constituency. Our fathers are not
afraid to trust their daughters into the society
in which their mothers were reared. Our
mothers do not apprehend, beyond the natural
limits of maternal solicitude, the temptations
to which their sons are exposed. Our hus-
bands close their doors without any apprehen-
sions lor the purity of the domestic hearth.
My colleague, I think, has himself offered,
and I was pleased to hear it, one of the best
refutations ot his own theory. Himself a large
business man, he has informed us in his speech
that his profits have been larger for this year
than they ever were for three years before.
Sir, there are other great business men, great
merchants and great manufacturers in the coun-
try, men who manage theirbusiness with ability,
with skill, and with abundant capital. Is it
to be supposed that while one man has added
largely to his fortune, others have been ex-
hausting their own? I think that we should
take courage from this statement which he
makes of his own knowledge rather than be
disheartened by the theory which he propounds.
We all share in the benefit of each other's
prosperity. No man can get rich without in
some degree enriching those around him ; and
we shall doubtless see in the abundant income
returns of the next year some relief from the
burden which press upon less fortunate tax-
payers.
Mr. President, I could not avoid some ref-
erence to the remarks of my colleague. It is
with some restraint that Iforbid myself to make
further reply; and yet I prefer not to do so.
But having been alluded to in so pointed a
manner, having been called out personally and
charged with an article which my colleague, of
course, knows I did not write and which hears
no such construction as he has put upon it, I
could not avoid making some reply.
Sir, I do not believe that the country is in
any such condition as my colleague thinks it.
I believe that the gloomy picture exists only in
the too vivid imagination of the man who holds
it before us. I believe that with an honest
administration of the Government, with a rigid
collection of the taxes, and with a faithful
application of them to the just expenditures
of the Government, with the boundless and
almostuntouched natural resources ofthe West,
with industry springing to new enterprises, we
are entering upon a career of prosperity such
as is not paralleled in the history of the world.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not intend to detain
the Senate. 1 merely wish to observe that it
will be my duty, in order to make good the
point that I have made in reference to those
who are controlling the destinies of this country
to its ruin, to mark those who originated the
article in the paper to which I have referred
properly here and before the country on another
occasion, on another day.
That the people of Rhode Island feel secure
in their material interests I have no doubt.
My prosperity is owing to the breaking down
of everybody engaged in the same interest
with me; and that, is the condition in which
this country now is. I know the workings of
this pernicious system, and from that comes
my alarm. If I knew nothing, if my attention,
like that of the people of Rhode Island, was
directed entirely to their business, I should
feel secure ; but as my attention has not been
absorbed in personal gains or the considera-
tion of personal gains, but in looking through-
out this country, I felt it my duty to warn them
and to warn the country as to their present
situation and condition. I said in a former
speech that they did not know that this war
was pending. The Senator did not know that
this war was pending. If he did he was dere-
lict in his duty ; for we had no armed men to
offset the arming of those who were organizing
with arms in their hands to subvert, the Gov-
ernment and to control it. On another day,
on another occasion. I will speak of the influ-
ence behind the paragraph to which the Sena-
tor refers.
Mr. ANTHONY. I certainly do not sup-
pose my colleague means to refer to any influ-
ences operating upon me that I do not avow
here.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I disclaim anything oil
the Senator. I speak of the influences exer-
cised upon his paper. I have charged hun
with nothing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the change
from $20,000,000 to So0,000,000 must be made
also in another line of the same section, to make
it consistent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secietaiy
has indicated it in both places.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, Iknowwhat
time it is and I know how anxious the Senate
is to vote, yet I propose to take a few moments
of time. I took occasion to day to say, without
reflecting upon the Senator from Rhode Island
or any one else, that I believed the affairs of
our country were not desperate ; that they were
