1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M3
in a reasonably prosperous condition ; that the
country was making good progress in many
respects. The Senator l'rotn Rhode Island is
pleased to ask me how I learned these tilings,
in what society I have associated to attain my
views of the condition of the country and the
character of onr people. Sir, I am not a cot-
ton spinner. 1 own no mills, run no spindles;
I employ not ten thousand men ; but I have
eyes and ears. And although I know that men
often think they see when they are only look-
ing, I think I have some little knowledge of
the condition of affairs in my country, some
conception of its people. To the Senator from
Rhode Island I venture to say that no state-
ment made by him touching the country or its
people, financially or morally, is sustained by
facts. The American people mayto hisvision
appear the most debased portion of civilized
mankind ; the nation may be sleeping on vol-
canic fires, ready to be plunged into the abyss
of financial ruin and moral corruption, but my
vision is not far-sighted enough to see this
moral desolation.
Sir, he tells us the country was bankrupt
before 1860. Bankrupt before 1860? Sir,
from 1850 to 1860 this nation added to its
wealth more than $1,000,000,000. The prop-
erty in the United States was increased more
than one hundred and twenty per cent, in
those ten years in which the country is sup-
posed by the Senator to have been perish-
ing. From 1800 to this clay we have added,
in spite of the war and every loss connected
with it, thousands of millions of dollars to
the accumulated property of the country.
These facts are patent before the country.
We cannot doubt, question, or deny them.
Question our friends here from the new States
of the great Northwest. They will tell you how
magnificently those Slates have moved forward
in prosperity ; how they have increased in
wealth ; how they have established schools;
how they have built churches; how the means
of intellectual and moral culture have been
advanced. The rapid development of the West
is a wonder, a marvel to the world, Sir, I rode
last autumn with Mr. E. B. Washburne over
miles of his glorious district. He told me that
fourteen years before he had ridden over about
twenty miles of the most beautiful country lever
gazed upon, and there was but one farm upon
it. It is all covered now with cultivated farms,
settled by men of enterprise, wealth, and intel-
ligence. No man can pass over that portion
of the country without realizing the wonderful
advancement of that people. Go to young
Minnesota; go to Iowa, so prosperous and so
great, and see the material prosperity there
and the means of moral and intellectual cul-
ture ; go to rising Kansas, over which only a
few years ago we were struggling here, and
you find hundreds of thousands of thriving
people, a State covered with magnificentfarms ;
go to the East, the central States, the West, to
any portion of the loyal States, and you will
see strength and power, abounding prosperity,
and all the means of moral and intellectual
culture, the refining influence of Christian
civilization.
The honorable Senator is continually quoting
England to us. Why, sir, we have built dur-
ing the last fifteen }7ears fifty school-houses to
England's one ; we have built twenty churches
to her one. We have increased the means of
culture for the people in this country to an
extent that neither England nor her vaunted
statesmen ever dreamed of. Of our twenty-
five millions of population in the loyal States
there are twenty millions among them who in
moral and mental culture, in the power to
accomplish results, cannot be found ill any
laud, in England or anywhere else. Go to New
York and see it advancing in population and
wealth, extending its boundaries miles up the
Hudson. Go to Philadelphia, to Pittsburg,
Chicago, St. Louis, and the rising cities ot the
West, and you will realize something of the
wonderful progress of our nation in material
power. ■
New England is less prosperous than the
central States or the great West, but I will tell
the Senator from Rhode Island that the people
of Massachusetts have added $600,000,000 to
their property in the last ten years. Some-
body in that State may know how to make
money, even in spinning cotton. The Senator
from Rhode Island tells us ho has made more
money in the six months past than in any other
period. Perhaps there are men even in Mas-
sachusetts who can say the same thing. While
the Senator from Rhode Island is adding to
his vast possessions, millions of other men
may be adding theu little mites to the accu-
mulated wealth of the nation. I would sug-
gest to the Senator that it may not bo the
wiser part to undervalue the small acquisitions
of the masses of his countrymen.
Sir, I am not here to find fault with others
or to lecture the Senate. I made no ankind
or disrespectful allusion to the Senator. 1
know no reason why the Senator should in-
dulge in the remarks he has, excepting that
somehow or other the Senator seems now to
think it is his mission to make Senators the
objective points of assault. He tells us that
other business men have been crushed out and
he has made money by their disasters. The
Senator may find that Senators may not be so
easily crushed out, though they are the objective
points of his assaults.
Nor, sir, am I heie to give my biography,
to tell the country how much business 1 have
done, nor to assail my brother Senators who
are quite as good as 1 am. While I have no
belief in the state of things that the Senator
has depicted, I know there are great trials we
have been through. I know we have not
always been wise, I know that we have a great
deal to go through in the future. But, sir, ill
spite of our national debt, in spite of our de-
preciated currency, in spite of all the evils,
financial, social, and moral, that are around
us and about us, this nation is increasing in
wealth, adding to the means of moral and
mental culture; is making larger contributions
for all benevolent purposes than at any other
period in its history.
The Senator talks about the laboring men
of the country, the toilers and workers. Sir, I
say to the Senator that in spite of all the bur-
dens and evils we have had to pass through
the mechanics and workingmen, the men who
toil for wages, have increased in the means of
material, moral, and intellectual improvement,
in the means to be better men and better
women. I care little about adding millions to
the wealth of the country. The great thing to
achieve is to raise in this country good men and
women, intelligent men and women. I know
laboring men have made most wonderful prog-
ress during the past thirty years. I listen to
the Senator from llhode Island always with
patience, sometimes with pleasure. I respect
that Senator, and I do not know why he should
indulge in remarks that may be construed as
I think some of the remarks that fell from him
may be construed. I shall not, however, at
this hour of the day, take up further the time
of the Senate. On the amendment that I have
proposed 1 desire to have the yeas and nays.
Mr. SPRAGUE. ido not mean to occupy
the attention of the Senate nor to reply to the
Senator. If lie or any other Senator asserts
doctrines here contrary to those in which I be-
lieve and to the disadvantage of the people of
this country, I shall attack them to the best of
my ability. I think that the people of this
country have bad advice enough ; it should not
come from this body.
1 intended in my remarks to make a state-
ment which will somewhat answer the position
taken by the Senator. It costs to live in tiiis
country from three to five times as much as it
does in Germany to-day.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator tells us it costs
from three to five times as much to live in this
country as it does to live in Germany.^ Yes,
Mr. President, it costs more to live in this
country than itdoesin Germany, but the means
by which to live are from three to five times
greater in this country. The toiling men of
Germany come to this country by hundreds of
thousands to secure themeans of living. Meu
here who have secured the means of living
find it cheaper to live in Germany. Does not
this fact demonstrate that America is the land
for the poor, for the toiling man, that Germany
is the country for the rich man to spend hi.j
money in? America is the land to earn money
in, Germany is the country to spend money in.
The Senator is continually pointing us toward
the Old World. He has grown in love with
England and British institutions He does not
tell us of her one million paupers, nor of the
other millions on the verge of pauperism. Sir,
it has become quite the fashion to speak of
the laboring men of the United States as an
oppressed, degraded, and perishing class of
men. I know something of the stern trials
of men who seek of their fellow-men leave to
toil for wages, but I know; and I am grateful
to God for the cheering fact, that the laboring
men of the country have made immense prog-
ress during the past third of a century.
I speak not now of the mighty change in the
condition of the toiling millions of the South.
I speak of the improvement in the condition
of the great body of the mechanics and work-
ing men of the North, of New England, of
Massachusetts, and of Rhode Island, too.' I
happened to be born,in New Hampshire, in a
farming community. 1 have toiled in the field
in the cold of winter and in the heat of sum-
mer with as good men as ever handled hoe or
swung ax or scythe, who received fifty cents
per day for their labor, and received their pay
not in money, but in corn at one dollar per
bushel or pork at seventeen cents per pound.
Women in those davs went out to labor, to do
housework, to spin and weave for fifty cents
per week.
Sir, I venture to state a fact that illustrates
the wonderful improvement in the condition
of working men. In the winter of 1833, when
I came of age, I hired myself for one month
to a farmer of my native town. I went into
the forests, drove teams, chopped wood and
timber, working at least fourteen hours daily.
For this work I received the enormous sum
of six dollars in cash.
Mr. POMEROY. Per day?
Mr. WILSON. Six dollars for one month.
I then thought I was quite fortunate to get six
dollars in money for that month's hard toil.
The wages of labor have increased in that region
in New England since that day three or four
fold. Hard as is the lot, and perhaps^ever will
be, of laboring men, the houses, the furniture,
the means of improvement of their children,
the accumulations in the savings-banks, all
demonstrate the advanced position of work-
ingmen during the past thirty years. Better,
far better inspire hope and courage than to
inculcate hopelessness and despair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question 13
on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana. which is to strikeout " $20,000,000
where it occurs in the fourth section, and to
insert "$30,000,000."
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 20: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Borcman, Cole,
Davis, Fowier, Gilbert, Harian. Harris, llowe, Kel-
logg. McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer. Schuiz. Spencer, Stockton, Thayer, Thur-
I man, Tipton, Warner, Wiiky, and Yates—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Buckingham,
j Cameron. Casserly.Cattell, Conklmg, Corbetl,Cra?m,
Drake. Fessenden, Hamlm, Morrill, Patterson Slier-
!j man, Sprague, Suinner, Vickers, Williams, anu IV11-
| | gqjfl f>0
>1 ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Edmunds,
ji Ponton, Ferry, Grimes, Hamilton, Howard, ^ prion,
Ij lloss, Saulsbury, Scott, Stewart, and Trumbull—14.
b So the amendment was agreed to.
;! The VICE PRESIDENT. There was
!j another amendment indicated by the Sen-
li ator from South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer J this
afternoon, which was not then in order7 which
the Secretary will now report.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section four, line thirty-eight, to strike
