364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
out the words "one year aforesaid" and to
insert ''sixty days after said requisitionso
that the clause will read:
And upon failure of such bank to return the
. amount so lequired within sixty days after said re-
auisition, it shall be the duty of the Comptroller of
toe Currency to sell at public auction, having given
twenty days'notice in a newspaper printed in Wash-
ington city and Hew York city, an amount of bonds
deposited by said bank as security, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that that will be
extended to ninety days, because ninety days
is as short a time as it couid be done in.
Mr. SAWYER. I accept that modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Wilsok.]
Mr. POOL. Before that is acted upon I
desire to offer an amendment to the fourth
section of the original bill, it is to insert at
the end of the fourth section the following
proviso:
And provided further. That thereshall not be issued
to anyone banking association more than $180,000 of
national banking curreucy, nor to the banking asso-
ciations already in operation more than is required
to m&ke the entire amount issued to them $180,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment he offered to the fourth section
the question will now recur on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] and the amendment to that
amendment. The first question is on the
amendment to that amendment offered by the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, to strike out the fourth
section of the bill and to insert a substitute.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was lo strike out section four of the bill and
to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That so much of section twenty-two of the act,
approved June 3, A. D. 1864, entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the re-
demption and circulation thereof," as limits the
amount of circulating notes to be is-ued to banking
associations under said act to $3,000,000, is hereby
repealed ; hut the amount of notes to be issued under
said act to banking associations shall not exceed
$350,000,000. And the increase of circulating notes
hereby authorized shall bo distributed among the
States and Territories having less of circulating notes
than an equal pioportion according to population,
and so as to equalise the distribution of such cneu-
I.ntion nmongsueh States and Territories en the basis
of population.
Sfio. —. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the amount of United States notes and circulating
notes of national banks combined shall he in exeess
ot $636,000,000 tbe Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized and required to fund in ten-forty bonds United
States notes to tile extent of such excess, until the
amount, of said notes outstanding shall be renduced
to §306,000,000.
Mr. OSBORN. I will state that at the re-
quest ot the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Sprague] I have paired off with him. He would
have voted for this amendment and I against it.
The question being taken by yeas and navs,
resulted—jeas 19, nays 32: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
Corbett, Cragin, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler, Hamlin
Ilarlan, Morrill, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Spencer
Sumner, Tipton, Williams, and Wilson—19.
NAYS Messrs. Abbott,Bayard,Boretnan,Brown-
low, Casseily, Catrell, Cole, Davis, Drake, Uilbert,
ilari is, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery, McDonald, Mor-
ton, Nye. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, liobortson, Sawyer,
Solium, Sherman, Stockton. Thayer, Thurman,
Trumbull. Viekers, Warner, Willey, and Yates—32.
ABSENT—Messrs.Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling,
Edmunds, denton, Grimes, Hamilton, Howard, Nor-
ton, Osborn, Ross, Saulsbury, Scott, Sprague, and
Stewart—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I beg leave to offer
an amendment to strike out all of the fourth
section of the bill as amended, and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That to secure a better distribution of national
banking currency in States and Territories having a
less banking circulation than their pro rata share
banking associations maybe organized in such States
and Territories by funding in United States bonds so
many United States notes as in the whole shall not
exceed $100,000,000. And whenever such associations
and banking associations already organised in such
States and Territories shall present United States
notes to the Treasurer of the United S&tes to an
amount not exceeding the above-named sum of
8100,000,000, the Treasurer shall execute and hold as a
deposi t for such banking associations an equal amount
of United States bonds, payable in fifteen years from
the 1st day of July, 1869, with interest semi-annually
at tbe rate of six per cent, per annum, which bonds
shall be a basis upon which bank notes may be issued
to such banking associations in accordance with the
provisions of law. Butif such associations shall pre-
sent United States notes to tbe Treasurer after the
1st day of July next they shall not be entitled to
any interest for the time between the>date of such
bonds and the time of delivering such notes. And
the Comptioller of the Currency is hereby author-
ized to determine the several States and Territories
in which such banking associations may be estab-
lished, and the amount of bank note circulation
which may be distributed in each; and in mak-
ing such determination he shall equalize the cur-
rency by distributing one half of the same according
to the population and one half according to the
value of all personal and real estato within such
States and Territories, the same to be ascertained
by the Secretary of the Treasury. And it is hereby
provided that whenever any banking association
organized under this act, or whenever any associ-
ation already organized shall increase its circulation
under the provisions of this act, and shall return any
of its notes to the Treasurer of the United States
for the purpose of reducing the amount of circula-
tion or of closing tbe business of such association,
the Treasurer shall cancel so many bonds deposited
with him by such banking association as shall equal
the amount of bonds deposited for the currency re-
turned, first paying such association tbe par value
of the bonds so canceled.
Mr. President, I shall occupy the attention
of the Senate but a few moments, for I have
no voice to be heard for any length of time. I
like the object which is contemplated by the
bill which has been introduced by the Senator
from Ohio. If a portion of this country has a
less share of the banking capital than that to
which it is justly entitled, and .we can meet the
deficiency without injury to other sections, or if
we can meet it in such a manner that the injury
will be less than the benefit that will result
from it, then I am in favor of the measure.
The proposition of the Senator from Ohio
is simply this: that we shall take from the
banks already organized a circulation amount-
ing to ^30,000,000 and distribute it in other
sections of the country. I do not believe that
that gan be done in the manner proposed by
the Senator from Ohio without bringing about
results which will be positively injurious to
the business interests of the country. I believe
that the proposition which I have made, and
which is now before the Senate in the form
of an amendment, can accomplish the great
object which is desired with very little injury.
I will merely restate some of the arguments
which have been made by gentlemen who have
spoken on this subject withoutgoing into them
definitely. I will first mention that which re-
lates to a violation of good faith on the part
of the Government. It is true that men in
New England have engaged in banking volun-
tarily. They have given up banking under
State organizations and engaged in the same
business under the law of the United States.
It is true, however, that although they did this
voluntarily there were two arguments pressed
upon the people engaged in that business
which influenced them. One was the "pitch-
fork" argument, to which the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] referred the other day,
which the Government aimed at the heart,
at the very life of those institutions in the
form of taxation; and under that influence,
just as some years agothelndians were "per-
suaded" to leave Georgia, in the same man-
ner these men were " persuaded," by that fear
of annihilation, to accept the offer of the Gen-
eral Government to come to its relief and enter
upon the new system of business. There was
also the other, the honeyed argument, under a
promise of reward or of profit: " If you will
come and loan your money and take the bonds
of the General Government, you shall have
the privilege of issuing an amount of currency
based upon those bonds, which you may also
loan, and that profit, in connection with the
interest on your bonds, shall be the reward for
the sacrifices which you make by giving up
your organizations under the State laws." So
here was the argument of force on the one
side and persuasion on the other ; but still
tbey were the arguments held up by the Gen-
eral Government, and which were accepted
by these institutions.
But what is the proposition before the Senate?
It is to come by force again and take from those
who went into this business in good faith a
portion of their capital and a portion of their
circulation and distribute it to another portion
of our country. I do not say but that there
may be circumstances in which that would be
justifiable; but we are not in those circum-
stances to-day. It would be justifiable only in
a case of imperative necessity. But the busi-
ness interests of the South and the West do not
require it, because their claims may be met
without this injury and by the very proposition
which I propose. So I say that it would be a
violation of good faith on the part of this Gov-
ernment to adopt this plan.
I would also repeat very briefly the argument
which has been made by other Senators in
regard to the injury which it would produce to
the business interests of the East. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] made the state-
ment truly. This transfer of $30,000,000 can-
not be made from one section of the country
to another unlessyou shall call upon the debtors
of that section of the country to come forward
and furnish the $30,000,000. And who are these
debtors? They are the most active, energetic
business men in that section of the country—a
class of men who are doing more than all others
to produce results which are beneficial to this
community. This bill calls upon them and de-
mands of them the payment of their indebted-
ness to the amount of $30,000,000 to meet this
demand. I say that this proposed law cannot
be carried out without its paralyzing almost
every branch of industry, I say this is a piece
of artillery which, if discharged, will not only
recoil to paralyze the industry of that section
of our country, but in consequence of that very
paraljzation it will throw its shot and its shell
into the West and depreciate the grown prod-
ucts of the West, and into the South and de-
preciate the value of the cotton; so that the
injury to the West and the injury to the South
will he tenfold greater than any possible ben-
efits that could be derived from a redistribu-
tion ol this circulation.
Here, then, Mr. President, are some of the
evils which will result from the passage of this
bill. But the proposition which I make, I
think, will produce no such injury, because it
proposes no such sudden change. It is a prop-
osition to allow men in any section of the
country under proper distribution, under the
direction of the Comptroller of the Currency,
to organize banks simply by taking tho eap-
ital which they have in their own possession
in the form of greenbacks and funding them
iu United States bonds, and then upon those
bonds to take a bank circulation. It is a
change from Government notes to bank circu-
lation ; and by making that change we give
just those facilities for banking which the old
banks now have. What are the objections to
this ?
The first objection which strikes any one is
the objection to paying interest on the bonds
which shall be excluded in consequence of
the return of the greenbacks ; but what are the
greenbacks ? They are promises to pay. but
the Government does not pay according to the
promise. It is an obligation, then, on the part
of the Government, an obligation which the
Government does not meet, a dishonored obli-
gation. If I am in debt, and if I have not the
money to pay on demand my indebtedness,
and I give to one cueditor a check on a bank
and then to another creditor another check on
