866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
I suppose my friend from Oregon [Mr. Cor-
bett] uuderstands the matter much better than
I do. and will see precisely what the operation
is and must be in the business of a State sit-
uated as Maine is in regard to Massachusetts.
Under these circumstances I have offered
the amendment, because the matter has been
brought to my attention by people engaged in
banking operations in my own State, with a
request that I should offer it, and because it
meets my own views.
Mr. SAWYER. I entirely agree with the
honorable Senator from Maine about the pro-
priety of giving people who have money to lend
and people who want to borrow money the
right to make their own contracts as to the
price of money. The present national bank-
ing law gives to the banks the right to charge
the same rate of interest that the State laws
allow. If, as in Massachusetts and in South
Carolina, people are at liberty to make any
contract they please as to the rate of interest
the bank can make any contract it pleases.
But it does not seem to me that it belongs to
us to regulate the rate of interest the State of
Maine shall allow its citizens to pay or to take;
and I look upon this amendment very much
in the same light that I do other amendments
which have been proposed here and the effect
of which will be to embarrass the passage of
the bill. I hope the friends of the bill will
vote the amendment down, not because I do
not think it wise that the banks should have
the privilege of taking seven and a half or ten
per cent, if they and their customers choose ;
but I think the operation of the act will be very
beneficial on the people of Maine in teaching
them to come to the opinion of my honorable
friend from Maine, who says that he does not
see any reason why money should not com-
mand its price as well as anything else. I
think this is one of the best lessons that can
be given to the people of Maine to reform their
laws on this subject, and I do not think it is
inenmbent on Congress to do it for them.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that by the time we
get up another bill here the Senator from South
Carolina will invent some other mode of mak-
ing a fight upon it rather than every time he
rises to say that every amendment or every sug-
gestion of a change is calculated or intended
to defeat the bill. I have heard these things
many times, but I think they are arguments
that had better be left out, and that we should
consider carefully all our measures.
I cannot vote for this amendment on the
theory that I believe in. We have changed our
laws in Massachusetts. It' nothing is said on
the subject, seven per cent., I believe, is the
rate of interest, but any bargain may be made
by the parties for four or five or eight or ten
per cent. I think the effect of the change of
the law has been this, I have not a doubt about
it: that money is loaned in Massachusetts at a
higher rate than it was when the legal interest
was six per cent.
I had much rather vote for an amendment
that would not permit any national bank to
loan money directly or indirectly, in any form
whatever, by exchange or otherwise, at more
than six per cent. I think one of the great
evils of the country, and if I understand the
philosophy of the Senator from Rhode Island
the great affliction of this country to-day is the
high rate of interest, and I cannot vote for any
proposition that I think lias a tendency to
increase the interest on money.
Mr. MORTON". If this amendment is
adopted it will destroy the usefulness of the
banks entirely; they will not loan a dollar of
money to the people because they can make
two per cent, more by investing in five-twenty
bonds, as a great many of them do now. Any
amendment of this kind ought to be accom-
panied with another restriction to prevent the
banks from investing their money in stocks.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know whether
I am a friend of this bill or not. I supposed
I was at one stage of il, and I may be yet. I
do not know what tho bill will be before we
get through with it. I hope that in suggesting
any amendment it will not be considered that
I am really opposed to the bill. I should like
to have the Senator from Maine amend his
amendment by inserting after "seven and a
half" thewords " or any other rate as to which
there is a written agreement between the par-
ties." I will not move it now, because it may
be considered if I offer an amendment that I
am not friendly to this bill; but I suggest to
the Senator from Maine that he will strengthen
his amendment by inserting the words I pro-
pose, for I have watched for many years the
influence of a rate established by law upon the
price of money in several States in the East
and in the We8t, and I do not believe it does
any good to say in the law that parties shall
charge just such a rate of interest. It does
not make the actual rate any less or any more.
Money, like everything else, however the law
may read, will command what it will bring,
and I am satisfied in my own mind that it is
best to leave parties entirely free to make pre-
cisely such a contract as their interests demand,
such as they choose to make, and there is no
more danger of its being any more in the in-
terest of the man who lends than in the interest
of the man who borrows. Let the borrower
go to the desk and make his contract. If he
does not choose to pay one rate, let him see
if he can get it at another, and demand the
lower rate. It is as honorable to borrow as it
is to lend. The parties are on an equality.
No person is obliged to lend and no person is
obliged to borrow as a general proposition ;
though, of course, there are exceptions in
extreme cases.
I have not said a word about this whole
proposition, and I do not intend to say any-
thing upon it; but if this amendment of the
Senator from Maine prevails why not let us
have a genuine proposition, such as that which
prevails now in nearly all our western States,
allowing parties to agree in their contracts as
to the rate of interest they will pay? We have
no more right to say arbitrarily that it shall be
seven and a half per cent, than ten and a half
or three and a half. Let the amendment read
" ssven and a half per cent., or any other rate
to which the parties agree." That is my theory
of banking.
Mr. SHERMAN. My objection to this
amendment is not as to the rate of interest,
because I am rather disposed to agree with the
opinion that to leave the matter free will tend
to lower the rate of interest. My objection is
that this is a discrimination in favor of the
banks against the citizen. In Ohio we have a
law limiting the rate of interest to six per cent.,
but under the operation of this amendment a
bank might exact from its debtor a higher rate
of interest than any citizen of the State could
exact. While Ohio chooses to maintain that
law, and while Maine sees proper to maintain
it, it would be wrong, in my judgment, to make
a discriminating provision in favor of banks.
Undoubtedly the effect of a fixed legal rate of
interest is to keep out capital from a State. I
have no doubt the State of New York has
largely gained by her liberality in construing
her usury laws, and especially by advancing
the rate of interest to seven per cent.; but as
the other States have not adopted it I think we
ought not to give this advantage to the banks
when we have not the power to give it to indi-
viduals.
This was a matter of debate when the bank-
ing law was passed, and the provision in this
respect has not been changed. The only differ-
ence between the first banking act and the
second is that in the first law six per cent, was
named as the rate of interest when the State
did not provide a different rate, and in the act
as it now stands any bank can take any rate
of interest that is allowed to other banks or
other citizens of the State, and in the absence
of all laws on the subject seven per cent, is
the rate. I think there is no practical difficulty
under the law as it exists. The banks are now,
by the national banking law, put on the same
footing as private persons; and as the regula-
tion of thfc rate of interest seems to be rather
a matter of State law than of congressional
enactment, and as the multitude of contracts
regulated by State law is infinitely greater than
the contracts we can regulate by a banking law,
it seems to me that it would be fairer to leave
the States to regulate the rate of interest, be-
cause if you allow the banks to charge a higher
rate of interest than is prescribed by the State
laws to other citizens you give the banks of
our creation an advantage over private bankers
and private individuals. This seems to me to
be objectionable.
At any rate, this amendment has really no
particular pertinence to the object of this bill.
The first three sections of the bill are restric-
tions intended to guard against certain abuses
that have grown out of the banking law, and
the fourth section is intended to secure a redis-
tribution of the currency. This would intro-
duce a new topic, belonging to the banking
system, to be sure, but I think we had better
vote against it unless we have very clear con-
victions about it.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wish to say that
I am anxious to see this bill pass; all my votes
have shown that; but if this amendment is put
upon it I for one cannot vote for the bill, and
I think there are others in the same category.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust that the friends of this
bill will refrain from all amendments and all
debate and sternly and inexorably put down
all amendments by a silent vote, and in that
way force a final vote upon the measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That comes with ex-
ceeding grace from the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I am very glad he has got to that
point upon some bill, and I hope he will stick
to it hereafter on others. [Laughter. ] It will
be a great relief to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will on this at least.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, Mr. President,
I wish to say a word or two more on this mat-
ter before it passes from the consideration of
the Senate. The law, as I propose to make
it, is precisely what it was when it was first
passed and continued for some years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know of any law
changing the banking act in this respect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly ; in the very
first act the rate of interest was limited unless
there was a contract between the parties, and
under that phrase banks went on to loan money
at such rates of interest as they and their cus-
tomers agreed upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law I refer to is the
law under which nearly all these banks were
organized.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the
original proposition. That provision was in
it, but somehow or other it slipped out, and
the law now stands in such a position that hon-
est men in a State managing banks cannot
take more by hook or by crook than six per
cent.
I do not wonder that my honorable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. WiLSOx] thinks that
it is very wrong to change this with regard to
any banks, especially situated as Maine is with
regard to Massachusetts, where they are suck-
ing us dry all the time. That being the case,
I suppose his sensibilities on the subject are
very much aroused at this idea of taking more
interest than six per cent. I do not wonder
at it. So far as he is concerned it works
admirably for his constituents, and he is suffer-
ing morally all the time! I am very sorry for
it. I wish he could reconcile the two.
Then another idea, and a very strange one, is
suggested, that we cannot undertake to regu-
late interest for the States. We do not. We
simply undertake to say that a machine of the
Government shall be made to operate as the
Government thinks it best that it should oper-
ate. We have nothing to do with the States
with regard to this banking system. It is a
banking system of the United States, under
United States law, and we can make it as we
please. Why, sir, when the original banking
act was passed the first proposition was to fix
the rate of interest at seven per cent., and the
honorable Senator from Ohio supported it.
