1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the rate fixed
now, except where the States limit it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it was fixed in the
original draft in all the States at seven per
cent., and the honorable Senator from Ohio
supported it. It did not trouble him then,
although six per cent, was the rule in Ohio
then, as it is now.
What 1 propose is, that the thing shall be put
upon an equality all over the United States ;
not by sayingthat a particular amount shall be
allowed, but that so far as these banking insti-
tutions are concerned each one shall be at
liberty to act according as it and its customers
may agree. That is equality. Then Maine
will not be tributary to Massachusetts, or to New
York, or to any other State. It has become
so and is kept so, as I admit, by what I conceive
to be its own want of wisdom in relation to
this matter. Therein, perhaps, I differ from the
majority. I dislike to stand here and see so
unequal an operation working against my own
constituents and my own friends in carrying
on operations under this law.
Although this view strikes me as a perfectly
fair and reasonable one, and one that the Sen-
ate ought to grant, I cannot expect to carry it
against the war-cry which has been raised by
my honorable friend from Soutli Carolina. He
is not contented with taking the loaf out of
our mouths and appropriating it to himself,
but he will not let us make another. He will
not only take the bread away from us, but he
will not let us use to advantage the few little
crumbs we may have left, although, I suppose,
he thinks the crumbs are larger than the loaf
in this particular instance. I do not think his
opposition quite fair. If this is a reasonable
proposition it will not hurt the bill; if it is
an unreasonable one, perhaps it may, but I
really cannot see with my honorable friend from
Indiana that a system which worked well for
several years without any evil of the kind he
suggests is going to prove so disastrous the
moment we again have recourse to it.
Mr. MORTON. Let me suggest to my friend
from Maine this difficulty: the banks can now
make eight per cent, by simply investing their
currency in live-twenty bonds. They can do
that without risk and without trouble; and if
you confine them to seven and a half per cent,
they will be sure to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We should confine
them, except in States where they are now
limited to less.
Mr. MORTON. I thought you were to make
it uniform.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not make it
uniform. It leaves everybody to contract as
he sees fit, not exceeding seven and a half per
cent. Where the State laws allow more I sup-
pose there is no objection to that; because as
it stands now you are allowed by State laws to
make any contract you choose up to a certain
point.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask the
Senator from Maine if the banks now are not
allowed to take such interest as the States where
they are located fix? For instance, in our State
they are allowed to take ten per cent., and, as
I understand the Senator from Maine, he pro-
poses to fix the lowest rate at seven and a half
per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will modify my amend-
ment by excepting States where a higher rate
of interest is allowed by law. It was not my
intention to apply it to such cases.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not desire to protract
this debate, but I wish to say one word in
reply to the honorable Senator from Maine as
to the war-cry 1 raised. My point is not to
limit the States or the banks in any State with
regard to the rate of interest; but I make the
point that the State of Maine having limited
the rate of interest which her citizens can take
ior money it is not the fault of the national
banking hiw if that makes them take a less rate
than the neighboring State of Massachusetts;
and if the State of Maine will repeal her usury-
law she will have the privilege of taking the
whole of the loaf, and as large a one as she
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. All I wanted was the
aid of my friend from South Caroline in en-
lightening the people of my State on what was
their true interest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questiou is
on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment as
an additional section:
And he itfurther enacted. That free national hnrik-
ing associations may be formed, subject to thepro-
visions of the act entitled "An act to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved June 3,1864,having a circu-
lation of 6100,000 and a capital not less than $300,000;
and said circulation may be increased $100,000 for
each additional $300,000 of capital: Provided, That
said circulation shall be redeemed in coin on demand;
and said circulation shall be sccurcd by the deposit
of United States bonds in theTreasury to the amount
of two dollars for each dollar of circulation.
Mr. President, at the risk of endangering
this bill a little further and invoking a speech
from my friend from South Carolina, I will say
that this amendment will allow the establish-
ment of banks in the country that redeem their
bills in coin. It proposes that a bank may be
established with a capital of $300,000, having
a circulation of $100,000, for which the bank
shallpledge theGovernment $200,000ofbonds,
so that the Government will have two dollars
for one, and the bank will have the privilege
of banking and redeeming its bills in coin. It
gives sections of the country where they have
the ability to do it the privilege of having spe-
cie-paying banks. It will not do anybody else
any harm that I know of.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
concur in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole?
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to have a separate
vote on the amendment increasing the amount
from $20,000,000 to $30,000,000 ; and upon
that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on the other amendments.
The remaining amendments were concurred
in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendment increasing
the amount specified in the fourth section from
$20,000,000 to $30,000,000, on which the Sen-
ator from Vermont asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. I had expected to vote for
this bill on its final passage. 1 supposed it was
the general understanding that the redistribu-
tion should be limited to $20,000,000. That
certainly was the understanding of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and I was somewhat sur-
prised to find the amendment so readily
accepted here in the Senate. I am very sure
that Senators are not aware of the deep injus-
tice that this will inflict upon a small section
of the country. It will force the banks to corn-
pel their creditors to pay in this amount in
order that it may be distributed, and for what
purpose? Only just to alleviate the difficulty
for one year ; for when we come back here
next year we shall find the evils of this dis-
tribution quite as great as they now are. It
seems to me that merely for the removal of
this grievance for so short a space of time it is
hardly worth while to inflict so great au injury
upon any section of the country. I am quite
sure that $30,000,000 will not satisfy the West
and the South ultimately, and that when we
come here at the next session of Congress we
shall have a more comprehensive scheme to
remedy the evil.
I was in hopes that the Senate would have
agreed to retire an equal amount of greenbacks
and let the amount have gone up to So0.000.000.
That would have inflicted no injury on any one,
but would certainly conduce to a more speedy
resumption of specie payments. At all events,
Ishouldliketohave "thesoberseeond thought"
upon this amendment increasing the amount
from $20,000,000 to $30,000,000.
Mr. CATTELL. I have avoided saying a
word on this bill during the lengthy discussion
that has taken place upon it. I desire novy
simply to say that I indorse every word which
has been uttered by theSenatorfrem Vermont,
and I sincerely trust that the Senate, upon re-
flection, will leave this amount at $20,000,000,
as proposed by the committee, and that in that
shape the bill will pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. After a eareful exam-
ination of this subject, I am satisfied that
$20,000,000 is all the banking capital that can
be absorbed under the operation of the law
within one year. I will not prolong this de-
bate. So much has been said not relevant to
the subject that I have hesitated to speak even
when amendments were modified that I con-
sider vital to the bill; but I believe if the bill
is confined to $20,000,000 it will not operate
injuriously upon the States affected, because I
have carefully examined and looked into it,
and the operation of the fifth section will give
UUhe South—which will receive all the benefits
of this bill—all that is really necessary and all
that can be absorbed in a year. I shall there-
fore vote against the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. If the $30,000,000 will not
be absorbed the passage of the amendment
will do no harm. That is very clear. But that
$20,000,000 is entirely too small I am well
satisfied. I do not believe that the bill pro-
viding for only $20,000,000 will ever become a
law. I believe that even $30,000,000 is piob-
ably less than will be accepted by the other
House ; it is not any more than is demanded,
and is not so much. There are nine States that
almost have no banks at all, and $20,000,000
would give them a little over two million dol-
lars apiece without leaving anything for the
northwestern States, that have scarcely any-
thing. Therefore I think $30,000,000 is as
small an amount as this bill ought to provide
for.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the Senate will
stand by the action of the Committee of the
Whole in regard to this $30,000,000 amend-
ment. We have been specially appealed to
here as southern Senators not to wrong the
New England States, from whom this circula-
tion is to be taken. No man here has more
respect for New England, for her industry and
her culture and her virtue and her courage,
than I have; no one is more willing to ac-
knowledge the obligation that the country and
the world are under to her than I am. But
when I remember that Massachusetts has
thirty-five dollars of circulation per capita and
that the citizens of my State have only thirty-
five cents; when I remember that the indus-
tries of Massachusetts are carried on with
money at six per cent, interest and that the
cotton crop of the South of $300,000,000 last
year was made upon money mainly borrowed
at two and a half per cent, per month ; when
I remember that the cotton crop of the South
was $300,000,000 last year and will be $400,-
000,000 next year, with the blessing of a good
season from Providence, and that one half of
it at least, or perhaps $250,000,000 of it, will
go abroad to equalize the exchanges of this
country and settle the question of the resump-
tion of specie payments ; and when 1 cannot
see the violence that is to be done to the in-
dustries of New England by requiring that her
bankers shall locate their banks in Alabama
and Indiana, where the immediate personal
benefits will accrue to the people of those
S localities, while the circulation shall go all
i] over the country wherever the wants of trade
i' shall call it—I say when I think of all this, I
cannot feel that I am bound to yield to the
]: request and consent that this amount shall bo
j! only $20,000,000 instead of $30,000,000. I
j! think $30,000,000 is quite little enough. We
;> know well that a bill passed the oilier House
!! not long since redistributing the whole of this
i| currency,and thatapropositionfor$20,000,000
