368.
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
failed in a committee of conference, and this
will fail also. I hope the Senate will stand by-
tie $80,000,000.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the people of Ala-
bama will remember one thing, that the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts have voted to give
an additional $50,000,000 to the South and
West instead of twenty or thirty million dol-
lars. I hope they will remember that, and that
all the Senators from Massachusetts desired
was to retain what we now had without dis-
turbing our business relations thisyear, and to
give Alabama her portion of $50,000,000,
which would injure, nobody in the country,
except that it would put a burden on the nation
ofaboutoneandahalfpercent, on$50,000,000.
I hope that it will not be understood in Ala-
bama or anywhere else that the Senators from
Massachusetts, or any portion of the country,
have acted in a narrow or illiberal policy toward
them. We admit the inequality. The inequal-
ity was occasioned in a way that we could not
help ; and I do not think that this bill ought to
be crowded upon us. I think it wrong, hard,
and I know it will bear hard upon the labor
and productive industries of my section of the
country. I have therefore offered everything
calculated to liberalize it as much as possible ;
but I do think in this case we might have been
permitted to be let alone.
Mr. HOWE. I beg the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to consider for a moment how much
character we have got to sacrifice in the at-
tempt to snatch this amount of money away
from those States where it now is, and where
it is being used and enjoyed, and I appeal to
him if $30,000,000 is not the very least sum
for which we ought to sacrifice all that char-
acter. I say for myself I would not do it for
fifty or one hundred million dollars, but for one
consideration, and that is that you snatched it
away—no, I do not say you did it, but it was
snatched away from these to whom it properly
belonged in the beginning. The Senator from
Connecticut lias moved here the measure which
will relieve every portion of the country, and
deprive no portion of the country of any of its
present enjoyments. His amendment would
do justice to every part of the country, and in-
stead of imposing an additional cent of burden
oil the country in the way of interest would,
just as soon as this floating debt is wiped out
of existence, put out from before the eyes of
the world, enable you to go into the markets
of the world with a four per cent, bond, and
borrow all the money you want to take up
every outstanding bond you have.
Mr. FERRY. I intend to say but a very
few words, and I should not have risen to
speak at all but for the fact that three or four
times in the course of the debate this afternoon
it has been represented that the New England
States, after the close of the war, obtained this
excess of circulation for purposes of gain ; and,
as was said by the Senator from Wisconsin this
moment, snatched it away from other States
who were equally entitled to it. Now, sir, I
a:-k the consideration of the Senate for one
moment to the law which compelled the States
of New England in the summer of 1865 to take
this excess of circulation. It is true that it was
m>t until the close of the war that this excess
was obtained ; but returning home at the close
of the war, I was instrumental to some extent
in persuading some of the banks of my State
to enter into the national banking system ; and
the argument which I used to them may be
found in the statute which I have before me,
and which is exceedingly brief. On the 3d of
March, 1865, Congress enacted a law provid-
ing—
" That every State bank or State banking associa-
tion shall pay a tlx of ten per cent, on tile amount
of notes of any State bank or State banking associa-
tion paid out by them aitor thcl-t cl-ay of July, 1805."
A tax of ten per cent, on the od of March,
1865, was put upon their circulation for the
very purpose of driving the State banking cir-
culation out of existence and compelling the
State banks to become national banking asso-
ciations. On the same day, the 3d of March,
1865, Congress, for the purpose of inducing the
State banks, of New England particularly, to
enter into the national banking system, passed
a law which I have before me, providing—
"That any State bank organized under the laws
of any State, having a paid up capital of not less
than {.75,000, which shall apply before the 1st day oi
July liext for authority to become a national bank,
and shall comply with all the requirements of said
act, if such bank be found by the Comptroller oi the
Currency to be in good standing and credit, shall
receive such authority in preference to now associa-
tions applying for the same."
Not new associations in the States where the
State banks were located, but any and all new
associations anywhere all over the United
States. Influenced by your tax of ten per cent,
upon State bank circulation, which was intended
to drive that out of existence, influenced by the
pledge in the other section of the law inviting
them to become national banking associations,
by the pledge that they should receive the
privileges of the national banking law in pref-
erence to all new associations, they abandoned
their good, old, stable, safe banking system of
New England, and went into this national
banking system with a threat of the Govern-
ment on the one hand and with the solemn
pledge of the faith of the Government on the
other hand that they should receive the bene-
fits of the national banking laws in preference
to any new associations anywhere in the Uni-
ted States ; and in my judgment the pledge of
March 3, 1865, thus made to the State banks
of New England and of the other sections of
the country, is a pledge to-day as binding upon
the honor and good faith of the people of the
United States as is the pledge that your five-
twenty bonds shall be paid either in gold or
paper ; and in my judgment the enactment of
the fourth section of this bill is as deliberate a
repudiation of the plighted faith of this Gov-
ernment as would be the repudiation of your
five-twenty bonfe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to accompany the
statement of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Ferry] with one or two statis-
tical facts which I am afraid will impair some-
what the logic of his argument. He now
complains that we are about to withdraw from
the States of Connecticut, Massachusetts, and
Rhode Island a circulation that they enjoyed
before the war under their old banking system.
Mr. FERRY. The Senator from Ohio mis-
understands my complaint. I have not com-
plained that you are about to withdraw from
them their circulation which they had before
the war, but you are about to withdraw from
them the circulation which you pledged on the
3d of March, 1865, that they should enjoy if
they abandoned their State organization and
went into your national banking system ; and
I referred to the statute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
wish to go into this argument, but the troth is
still that these States, each of them, received
more banking circulation in the face of the act
of March 3, 1865, after that act was passed,
than their entire State circulation, although
nearly all their old banks before March 3, 1865,
had gone into the national banking system. I
hare sent for the records, and have now the
State bank circulation of the State banks of
these three States before the war. In 1860
Massachusetts had $22,086,920. She now has
§64,064,133, and the increase after March 4,
1865, is as much and a little more than the
whole amount of her State bank circulation j
and long before March 3, 1865, a large num-
ber, perhaps the greater portion, of the State
banks had gone into the national banking
system.
Now, take the case of Rhode Island, which
is more striking still. The State of Rhode
Island had a circulation before the war, in
1860, of $3,722,241. On October 31, 1865,
after the law requiring redistribution was in
force, she had $4,837,270. Now Rhode Island
has $13,474,764. So under pretense of that
law the Comptroller of the Currency allowed
the State of Rhode Island to double her circu-
lation ; so that the increase, in the face of the
act of March 3, 1865, is twice the aggregate
amount of State circulation- before the war. I
do not wish to go into that now.
Mr. ANTHONY. And yet, if the Senator
will allow me, such are the taxes laid upon the
business of banking that the dividends of the
banks in Rhode Island are no greater now
upon the average than they were under our old
system.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my honorable
friend from Rhode Island will not vary the
subject. I am merely answering a complaint.
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought the Senator
was showing the unfair distribution of the cur-
rency, how much we had taken under pretense
of law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am merely showing that
the State of Rhode Island got, after the act of
March 8, 1865, under pretense of an act giv-
ing existing State banks a right to convert their
State circulation into national circulation, an
increase of national bank circulation of nearly
twice the aggregate amount of State circula-
tion before the war, besides what she had before.
Mr. ANTHONY. The banks of Rhode Isl-
and were forced in to this system. With this
system came great burdens and great advan-
tages. We were compelled to take the bur-
dens, and we took with them also the ad vantages,
and taking the burdens and the advantages
together they do not constitute any more profit-
able business than we had before the war. We
were compelled to do what we did.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is the question: we
are dealing with circulation 
Mr. ANTHONY. The circulation is one of
the incidents, one of the advantageous inci-
dents of the business. If we went into the
business without the circulation at all we could
not make five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope I shall not be
further interrupted. The complaint is made
by these States that they had an excellent
banking system before the war, that went on
gloriously and nobly, under which they had all
the circulation they wanted and all the advan-
tages they desired. Very well. They say now
that we have interfered with it. I say that we
have given them under the national bank law
three times the amount of circulation that they
had under the old system. Up to March 4,
1865, when the war was closing, there had been
no marked equality in the distribution of the
national bank circulation. Up to that time
only $190,000,000 had been taken. These
States had their fair portion, and no more.
Then it was that an act was passed expressly
reenacting the old mode of apportionment.
That was an act for a certain purpose. It was
debated in the Senate and passed with that
view. It so happened that, on the same day an
amendment was stuck into a revenue bill, and
that is what my honorable friend from Connec-
ticut has read from—the seventh section of a
long revenue act. The Comptroller of the
Currency, instead of taking these two laws and
construing them together and adopting the well
established principle of construction that where
two laws passed oil the same day seem to con-
flict the interpretation must be such as to give
effect to both of thein, so far as possible, utteriy
disregarded the act of March 3, 1865, passed
for the express purpose of reenacting the dis-
tribution clause. Upon this section of the
revenue act he entirely disregards the other
law, aud then he goes beyond it, because that
only gave the privilege to State banks, and he
has actually increased the amount of national
banking circulation in those States after the 4th
of March, 1865, more than the entire aggregate
of the State circulation before the war.
That is the fact, and these figures show it.
I conic now to the State of Connecticut. I do
not know whether that is so marked as the
other cases. The State of Rhode Island was
most marked. The circulation of Connecticut
before the war was §7,702,436; its circulation
in October, 1865, was $11,223,000. Now it is
