18<69.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
869
$19,347,000; so that my honorable friend from
Connecticut will see that they have added the
entire aggregate of State circulation and the
aggregate of national bink circulation on the i
1st of October, 1865. i
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Allow me to ask j
the Senator a question. It is true that the
State of Connecticut has a inncli larger circu-
lation than she had before the war. but I would
ask the Senator from Ohio whether she has
any more than the Governmentgave bet- under
the agreement between the Government and
the banks of the State of Connecticut?
Mr. SHERMAN. Nothing more than she
had a right to under the erroneous construction
of an officer of the Government. During the
recess of Congress, by an erroneous construc-
tion of the law, I think a clear error, the States
ot Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode
Island got an advantage, and now in surren-
dering even $30,000,000 of currency they only
surrender one half of what they got more than
twenty dollars per inhabitant, while if the
proposition of the Committee on Finance were
adopted they would only surrender one third
of what they have more than twice the share
allotted to the other States.
Mr. FERRY*. It is now said that the pledge
•which was held out to the State of Connecti-
cut in March, 1865, was misinterpreted by an
officer of the Government who was one of those
officers who at that very time was urging upon
Connecticut. Rhode Island, and Massachu-
setts that their State banks should abandon
their State organizations and go into the
national banking system for the benefit of your
national Government. Why was it that at
that period the Federal officers were so anxious
that the State banks should abandon the State
system and go into the Federalsystem ofbank-
ing, if I may use that expression? It was
because by such a change a great market was
opened for the bonds of the Government of
the United States, and thereby the benefit was
derived directly to the Federal Government.
But who has decided that the Comptroller of
the Currency has made any such mistake ? Has
any court, has any superior authority to the
Comptroller, declared any such error to have
been made? I have the statute before me. It
is as plain as language can be made. It in-
vites the State banks to transform themselves
into national banks, and declares that if they
will do so they shall receive all the advan-
tages of national banks in preference to any
new associations. There is no mistaking the
meaning or purport of this language, and
we have but simply the dictum of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance that it is
erroneous. Suppose it is erroneous. It is
claimed that the action of the divers Secretaries
of the Treasury during the period of the war
and when the five-twenty bonds were being
negotiated was erroneous in proclaiming to the
people of this country that the principal of
those bonds would be payable in gold ; and an
argument during the whole period of the ques-
tion which has been made in this country with
regard to the medium in which those bonds
should be paid has been drawn from the action
-of the officers of this Government pledging
the faith of the Government that the principal
of those bonds should be paid in gold. And
when the Congress of the United Slates holds
out to the State banks in the different sections
of the country ail the advantages of the national
banking law in preference to any new associa-
tions, andan officer of the Governmentplaces
his construction upon that law and invites the
banks', upon his construction, to takethe bene-
fit which the law thus holds out to them, is it
now to be said, "We will take away from the
banks the circulation which the Government
thus pledged to them, which the lawfully
authorized officer of the Government thus
pledged to them, and take it away to the detri-
ment not merely of the banks, butof the whole
business of the community in the midst of
which the banks are located ?"
- Sir, it had been my intention at a proper
time to move to strike out this fourth section
41st Cong. Isi Sess.—No. 24.
entirely, because I believe with the Senator
from Indiana, in some remarks that he made
the other dav. tint, with the iifth section now
incorporat-d in this bill, if you will but leave
the b".ni-;i"2 pyftem of this country to the opera-
tion of the natural laws of trade, leaving the
banks, if they choose, to transfe* themselves
bodily from the places where they are now
located to other portions of the country where
they can reet'vo greater remuneration for the
investment of their capital, or leaving the cap-
ital of South Carolina, if so much is locked
up there that is desirous of investing itself in
national banking, to go to the northern States
and purchase up the stocks of the national
banks and then transfer them to South Caro-
lina under this fifth section, in my judgment
every benefit that is desired by the South and
the West can be obtained with the present
limitation on the national banking circulation
without harming anybody. This fourth sec-
tion, it is evident from what has been stated
in the Senate by men acquainted with all the
wants and circumstances of the New England
States, cannot be adopted without great pre-
judice to the whole community in those States;
and as I have sat here this evening listening
to this discussion a communication lias leached
me from one of the New England States assert-
ing not merely the injury which will be in-
flicted upon those communities, but reacting
from those communities all over the West, and
South, inflicting there commensurate injury;
for Senators from the West and South know
as well as I know that their whole financial
interests are inextricably bound up and inter-
woven with the business interests of New Eng-
land. You cannot strike down the business
interests of New England without inflicting
incalculable injury upon the business interests
of every sectio'n of this country ; and our friends
from the South, it seems to me, are playing the
part of madmen here, especially in this addi-
tion of $10,000,000 to the draft made in the
original bill upon the New England circula-
tion, because they must thereby inevitably in-
flict a blow upon the New England communi-
ties which will react upon themselves, and will
react upon themselves most disastrously : and
when next autumn comes, and the crops from
the West and the crops from the South are to
be moved, if you, Senators from the West and
South, incorporate into this bill a draft of
$30,000,000 from the circulation of New Eng-
land, yon and your constituents, in my judg-
ment, will find cause to repent it.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, ,SI dislike
extremely to trouble the Senate with any fur-
ther remarks of mine on this subject; but it
seems to be argued here that this national bank
circulation, of which there is so large an ex-
cess in Now England, is all there; that it is
all used in the local business of those States,
when it is notorious, and every business man
on this floor knows, that that circulation is not
in New England, but is scattered all over the
Westand alt over the South, is doing what the
national bank circulation would do in those
sections if this bill were passed and this bank-
ing capital were transferred to those States.
The only difference between the arrangement
at present, and the one we desire is that we
pay tribute to these three States for the use of
that circulation. So far from its injuring the
industry of New England, it will have no pos-
sible effect upon the laborer, the mechanic, or
the manufacturer of New England; but it will
prevent the bankers of New England aud the
owners of bank stock in New England from
having that stock worth twenty,to twenty-five
per cent, above par and to change which, if we
adopt the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, we shall get our bank stock
at 125 instead of 100.
I can conceive that it will be vastly bene-
ficial to the people of Connecticut and Massa-
chusetts if we should go and buy out their banks
bodily and give them twenty-five per cent,
advance upon their capital and then transfer
them to the South. It would be better forthe
owners of the bank stock that this transfer
should be made in that way; but it would not
be quite so well for us. The truth is this cir-
culation will flow wherever the demands of
bus'uesa require it, and if after the banking
I capital is transferred to the South and the West
j it is needc''. in the New England Stales more
] than it is needed in the South or in the Weji
it will under the laws of trade inevitably go
there. The difference vill be simply then that
| we shall not be ob!;,,red fo pay for the use of it
J a commission ; aud those who demand it. and
j to whom it is worth ten or fifteen per cent., as
it is worth to us, will then have to pay it to the
owners of bank stock iti our section instead of
our having it to pay to them.
That is the real trouble about this matter. I
can understand that there should be objection
that this bank stock and bank circulation should
be transferred into the hands of those who
reside in other sections of the country, because
it is a positive advantage to them ; but when I
am told that the circulation is necessary to the
local business of New England, when 1 know,
and you know, Mr. President, that that circu-
lation is at this moment scattered over the
whole country, and will next autumn be sent
to the West and to the South to move the ciops,
and that those who raised the crops of the West
and of the South have to pay a commission for
the use of that bank circulation, I can under-
stand the reluctance of those gentlemen to part
with it, but I cannot understand why it is a
disturbing clement in the business of Nuw
England.
Mr. lJAVIS. Mr. President, as my propo-
sition in relation to the course this measure
should take has been so singularly rejected I
suppose I am authorized to say a word with-
out being liable to be reproached as guilty of
a breach of faith. I rise but, to present a sin-
gle aspect of this subject. 'The laws establish
a limitation for each State upon the distribu-
tion of these notes. That limitation was ascer-
tained by a double rule: first, the amount of
population ; aud second, the amount of tax-
able property in each State. According to that
distinct and plain rule, which everybody could
comprehend, Massachusetts and Connecticut
and Rhode Island were entitled to only so
much of the aggregate amount of these notes
as would bo authorized by their population
aud by the amount of their taxable property.
If they acted within the law in good faith they
had no right to ask for a larger amount of these
notes. The amount of these notes, according
to that rule Of distribution among these States,
would have been about one tenth to each of
what they received. Instead of confining their
request and their demand within the limit and
the rule established by law, each State has
transcended that limit and that rule about ten-
fold. The bad faith, if there be any, has been
upon the part of these States.
Mr. FERRY. Permit me to ask a question
of the Senator from Kentucky. When the
United States by an act of Congress asked the
State banks to become national banks, and
offered them a circulation equal to their State
bank circulation in preference to all new asso-
ciations, was there not a pledge of Government
faith, and m what way could that be called a
demand by the State banks?
Mr. DAVIS. There was a pledge thus far :
the Government, had previously in a general
regulation detei mined the limit for each State
upon which this distribution of currency should
take place. It had established a rule, a double
rule, and that rule was according to the ratio
of population and of taxable property. When
the State banks were invited to go into national
banks it was necessarily upon that rule.
Mr. FERRY. The law does not say so.
Mr. DAYIS. It was upon that limit. They
had the option, and it was their duty to look
to the laws that established the amount of
banking capital that could be got by each State
according to the rules prescribed by the laws
of Congress. If ihey had dons fch&tthey would
I have ascertained that the amount of circulation
i notes which they could obtain under the rule
i established by the law of Congress would only
