1869.
THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
allowance that is made to the States divided
up for the greater benefit of the people. I do
not see that it can injure anybody. I do not
see why anybody should object to it. The
phraseology, with the assistance of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, meets the explanation which
I have given of the intent and operation of this
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina, as modified.
The amendment was rejected, there being
on a division—ayes 1(5, noes 24.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
house bills referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 335) for the relief of
Jearum Atkins and the bill (II. It. No. 336)
for the relief of Alinzer Clark were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
The joint resolution (H. 11. No. 64) author-
izing the building of a railroad bridge over the
Ohio river at Paducah, Kentucky, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 384) for the coinage of
nickel-copper pieces of five cents and under
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. ITARLAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 123, the Indian appropriation bill, with a
view of leaving it as the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have an executive session in order to have the
message on the table referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn has priority of a motion for an exec-
utive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
South Carolina will withdraw that motion I
will move to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well; I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 30, 18G9.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when, on motion of Mr. DAWES, the lurther
reading was dispensed with.
institution poll the deaf and dumb.
Mr. DxYWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a compilation of the laws ot Congress
in relation to the Columbia Institution for the
Deaf and Dumb; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gouiiam,
its Secretary, announced that that body insisted
upon its amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 3)
to repeal an act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices, disagreed to by the House ot
Representatives, asked for a conference with
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had ordered that
Messrs. Thumbull, Edmunds, and Grimes be
the conferees on the part ot the Senate.
5iussexuer to a committee.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, offeied
the following resolution ; which was referred
to the Committee on Accounts :
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be authorized to employ a messenger, asformerly, lor
the present Congress, or until otherwise ordered.
bridge at paduoail.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report for action a joint resolution,
which has been unanimously agreed to by the
Committee on Roads and Canals, House joint
resolution No. 64, authorizing the building of a
railroad bridge over the Ohio river at Paducah.
The joint resolution was read. It gives the
consent of Congress to the erection of a rail-
road bridge over the Ohio river, from the eitv
of Paducah, Kentucky, to the State of Illinois,
by the Paducah and Gulf Railroad Company,
and such others as may associate with them
for that purpose, under the laws of the State
of Kentucky and Illinois; provided that said
bridge is built of an unbroken or continuous
span of not less than four hundred feet in the
clear, from pier to pier, over the main channel
of the river, and is built in all other respects
in accordance with the conditions and limita-
tions of the act of July 11, 18(32, to establish
certain post roads. The bridge, when com-
pleted in the manner specified, shall be deemed
a legal structure, and shall be a post road ; but
Congress reserves the right to withdraw the
assent hereby given in case the free navigation
of the river shall at any time be materially
obstructed by the bridge to be erected under
this authority, or to direct the necessary modi-
fications and alterations of said bridge.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the bill for present action'?
Mr. SC0F1ELD. I shall have to object
until my colleagues from the Pittsburg district
[Mr. Nbulky and Mr. Phelps] come in. They
both take an interest in the question.
Mr. 1NGERS0LL. This has been submitted
to the gentleman's colleague from the Pitts-
burg district, [Mr. Negley,] and he has no
objection to it. He only desires the same
class of legislation to apply to this bridge that
is applied to that now being constructed at
Wheeling.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. TRIMBLE. This is agreed to between
all the river men.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make an inquiry,
reserving an objection till it is answered.
There seems to be some understanding between
the men interested in the navigation of the
Ohio river and the railroad men as to the span
of the bridge, and 1 wish to know whether
this is in accordance with the understanding
on the part of both parties.
Mr. INGBRSOLL. I understand that to be
the case. The men interested in navigation at
first insisted upon a span of five hundred feet,
and the railroad men insisted on a span of
three hundred feet. They compromised on
four hundred feet.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask my
colleaguehowit is that the Committee on Roads
j and Canals are legislating for post roads?
| Mr. 1NGERS0LL. 1 will answer the gen-
! tleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no ohjec-
tion to their legislating for the construction of
I canals, for the opening of highways, and all
I that, but to make post roads is, 1 think, a little
| out of their jurisdiction.
1 Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 will simply answer my
colleague by saying that this joint resolution
is in accordance with the precedents already
established in the legislation connected with
railroad bridges.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object to
the joint resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It, is a copy of the statute
which has been reenacted twice in similar eases.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and readath'rd time; and being
engrossed, it was aec'jriingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider tho
vote by which the joint resolution was/passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
constitution of texas.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
calling for the regular order I desire to ask,
on behalf of the Committee of Reconstruction,
that the constitution of the State of Texas be
printed for the use of the committee.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. BANKS. What is the regular order?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
bill providing a provisional governmentfor the
State of Mississippi, which was superseded yes-
terday by the House going to the business ou
the Speaker's table.
Mr. KELLEY. I would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to postpone
the consideration of that bill until after the
morning hour, and I will state tny reason. The
next committee called will be the Committee
on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, by which
I am instructed to report the bill in relation to
small coins, embodying the amendments sug-
gested by the House the other evening, includi ng
that of ihegentlemati from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] and including also th'atof the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] strik-
ing out the provision in relation to the ten-cent
pieces. I have no doubt the bill will pass upon
the reading, and I ask the gentleman to post-
pone the consideration of his bill for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
proceeding to the regular order 1 ask unani-
mous consent to go to business on the Speaker's
table so far as to take up the tenure-of'-office
bill and agree to the committee of conference.
Mr. BANKS. I object until it is ascertained
whether we can have a morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of the question. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has the floor on
the bill to establish a provisional government
for Mississippi. That bill comes up as the
regular order, and if it is insisted oa will cut
the House off from a morning hour. Under
the rules of the House it is not permissible to
make a motion to go to business on the Speak-
er's table until after the morning hour ; so that
if the gentleman from Massachusetts persists
in his demand for the regular order it will
deprive the House of the ptivilege of going to
businesson the Speaker's tableexcept by unan-
imous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to move to
postpone the Mississippi bill until after the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It is, if the gentleman
from Massachusetts yields for that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he yield for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will do
so with pleasure if the bill can be taken up
immediately after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I think my colleague can
get a committee of conference on the tenure-
of-office bill now if he asks it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
already asked it, and it was objected to.
Mr. BANKS. It' the gentleman will let._ us
have a morning hour I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. A contested-election case
comes up immediately after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not be
a party to any arrangement which would over-
throw the rules of the House. Alter the morn-
ing hour the Mississippi bill comes up, but no
! being a question of as high privilege as >0
1 contested-election case reported by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. CtSbXA,]
should the gentleman from Pennsylvania clai m
the floor on that question of privilege u would
override any Question of less pnvilege.
