THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Mr.- CESSNA. The parties interested in
that case insist, that they shall have a hearing.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope ray colleague [Mr.
Cessna] will not interfere with the order of
business this morning. One day will make no
serious difference.
Air. DAWES. I hope the House will give
my colleague unanimous consent for a com-
mittee of conference on the civil tenure bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist upon, the question
of higher privilege taking precedence.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman in charge
of the election case shall claim the floor upon
it the Chair will be obliged to recognize him.
Is there objection to going to business on the
Speaker's table at this time?
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to going to
the Speaker's table for the purpose of agree-
ing to the committee of conference asked for
on the civil tenure-of-office bill. But if the
regular order of business is to be interfered
with by ihe consideration of all the business
on the Speaker's table then I must object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
move to postpone the Mississippi bill until
after the morning hour, if the gentlaman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] will consent not
to press his election case then.
Mr. CESSNA. I would give way for the
civil tenure of office bill, but for nothine else.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
must insist upon the regular order.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER,. The Cbair will hear the
inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the Chair to
say that the election case had precedence over
the Mississippi case.
The SPEAKER. After the morning h<">ur,
or when the gentleman in charge of it [Mr.
Cessna] shall call it up.
Mr. RANDALL. That election case was
assigned for to-day, and I believe the parlies
on hoth sides are ready to proceed.
Mr. DAWES. In the present condition of
affairs I appeal to the House to permit ray
colleague [Mr. Butler.] to make his motion
for a committee of conference on the civil
tennre-of-office bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent for the purpose of taking
up the message of the Senate asking for a com-
mittee of conference on the civil tenure-of-
office bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Then I insist upon the reg-
ular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is what
is known as the Mississippi bill, upon which
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth,] my colleague on the Committee on
Reconstruction, reserving for myself only
enough of the hour to enable me to call the
previous question.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. I was going to ask
my colleague to give way for a motion to post-
pone this bill until after the morning hour of
to day.
. ^r- BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield for that purpose.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. If we have a morn-
ing honr we can then go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. Blj LLER, of Massachusetts. I endeav-
ored to obtain unanimous consent for that pur-
pose, but objection was made.
Mr. I1 ARNSWORTH. There is no way to
get to the Speaker's table except by unanimous
consent until after the morning hour ; therefore
I hope my colleague on the committee will
give way to a motion to postpone until after
the morning hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The dif-
ficulty is the election case.
Mr. DAWES. The election case is within
the control of a majority of the House, and
can be postponed if a majority so desire.
Mr, FARNSWQBTfi, Assooaas the morn-
ing hour has expired a motion to go to business
on the Speaker's table will be in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well ; I will then move to postpone the further
consideration of the Mississippi bill until after
the morning hour.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
now commence. The first business in order
during the morning hour to-day is the calling
of committees for reports.
NICKEL-COPPER COINAGE.
Mr. KELLEY, from the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, reported back
House bill No. 2, for the coinage of nickel-
copper pieces of five cents and under, with a
substitute.
The substitute was read. The first section
provides that from and after the 1st day of
June next, or sooner, if practicable, there shall
be coined at the Mint of the United States and
such ofits branches as the Directorof the Mint,
with the approbaiion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, may prescribe, the following pieces,
to be composed of copper and nickel in the
proportions of not less than twenty-five per
cent, nor more than thirty-three per cent, of
nickel, namely, a piece of one cent, to weigh
one and one half grams or twenty-three and
fiiteen hundredths grams; a piece of three
cents, to weigh three grams, and a piece of five
cents, to weigh five grains, with such uniform
devices as maybe fixed by the Director of the
Mint, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury ; and such devices when adopted are
not to be thereafter changed by said officers ;
and the coinage of the present one, two, three,
and five-cent pieces, whetherof bronze, nickel-
copper, or silver, is thereupon to cease.
The second section provides that in adjust-
ing the weight of the coins provided by this
act there shall be no greater deviation allowed
than three grains for ihe cent piece and four
grains for other pieces. And the purchase of
all material to be used in the coinage herein
established, except when old coins are re-
deemed, shall be made only by public adver-
tisement for contracts therefor, to be given to
the lowest bidder for the same, upon a per-
centage of pure metals required to be furnished
by the proposals to be determined by the Mint
assay of the material delivered, fn manufac-
turing the coins and accounting for the same,
and for materials used, the same duties and re-
sponsibilities are to devolve upon the respective
officers of the Mint as are now required by law
The third section provides that the "same
penalties as are provided by act of May 16,
1866, in relation to the coinage of five-cent
pieces, shall be in force for counterfeiting any
of the coins provided for by this act, or know-
ingly issuing or passing such counterfeit coins. I
The fourth section provides that any of the
coins provided for by this act shall be a legal
tender, except lor duties on imports, to the
amount of fifty cents in any one payment, and
no mote.
The fifth section provides that the treasurer
of the Mint or branch mint shall keep and
render an account of the difference between
the cost of the coinage provided for by this
act including the necessary labor and machin-
ery, with the expenses of distribution of the
coins on the one hand and the amount received
for such coins on the other; and the difference
or profit shall from time to time be paid into
the Treasury of the United States.
The sixth section provides that the coins
provided for by this act shall be procured and
distributed in like manner as is now provided
by law in regard to pieces of bronze or nickel-
copper.
The seventh section provides that it may be
lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to
redeem, under such regulations as he may
deem proper, the one and two cent coins here-
tofore issued with any of the coins authorized
to be issued by this act.
The eighth section provides that the Treas-
urer and the several Assistant Treasurers of tfce
United States shall redeem in sums not less than
fifty dollars in United States notes, and after
the resumption of specie payments in lawful
money, under such rules and regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the coins herein authorized to be
issued, and also the one, two, three, and five
cent coins of copper, bronze, or nickel here-
tofore issued by the United States.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I will state to
the House that this substitute for the original
uiil differs fiom it in very few points butihose
which seem to be regarded as essential. From
line eighteen of the first section of the printed
bill the committee have struck out the words
" and the issue of Treasury notes of ten cents;''
so that the issue of those notes will continue,
and we shall have coins of five cents and under
as well as notes of ten cents and twenty five
cents. In section two we have struck outlines
five, six, seven, eight, and nine, together with
the words " material for," in the fourth line,
substituting therefor the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
providing for the purchase of material by pub-
lic advertisement. In section four the words
"one dollar" were struck out and 11 fifty
cents" inserted, reducing to the latter sum the
amount for which these coins may be a legal
lender. Those are all the essential modifica-
tions made in the bill.
Mr. Speaker, after the very elaborate dis-
cussion which this bill has twice undergone I
am indisposed to detain the House by debate,
unless it be to reply to questions from any
gentleman who may desire information.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
was before the House as first reported by the
committee I saw in it, as I thought, grave
grounds of objection; but since it has been
recommitted the objections which I had to it
have been obviated.
As the bill is now reported, it appears to me
a wise and provident measure of legislation.
It provides, in the first place, for the redemp-
tion of the debased coinage which has been
issued since the war. It provides in the next
place for a substituted coinage, to take the
place of the present debased coinage, which,
although still more debased in intrinsic value,
is nevertheless to be redeemed at par from
time to time in Treasury notes. The new
coinage is therefore for all practical purposes
a coinage that, is always to be maintained at
par. The bill, therefore, in its present form,
seems to me free from every ground of objec-
tion which 1 formerly had to it; and it is also,
I think, as now reported, free from the olher
objections suggested by other members of the
House on the occasion when it was heretofore
considered. The measure as now presented
strikes me as in every way wise and provident;
and J trust, therefore, it may at once be put
upon its passage.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, while I th.mk
the gen'lenian from New York [Mr. Potter:
for Ins hearty approval of the bill to which 1
am thus made sponsor, I beg leave to sav that
lie is in error in assuming that this coinage is
ot less intrinsic value than that which it sub-
stitutes. Having had such a suggestion made
to tue privately, I appealed to the Director of
the Mint for information, and found the sup-
position to be, as 1 had anlicipaled, a mistake.
Ihe coinage is of superior intrinsic value, so
the Director of the Mint informs me.
Mr. POTTER. As to coinage to beredeemed
by Treasury notes, that is utterly immaterial.
My information also carne from the Director
of the Mint.
Mr. JENCKES. If I understand the scope
of this bill, the coinage that may be issued
under it reaches the sum of $40,0(30,000.
Mr. KELLEY. That contemplates a period
when our country shall be populated to the
extent of onehuudred millions, it would prob-
ably now require about twenty million dollars.
Mr. POTTER. Not so much now, I under-
stand.
Mr. JENCKES. I suggest whether it is wise
and proper under our present circumstances,
