THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 80.
tion to put their property upon the same foot-
ing as other like property. If they had sup-
posed that the Jaw enacted at the last session
of Congress would not be applied to them they
would have exported their goods and reim-
ported them, and only had the cost of trans-
portation to pay. And now the effect of re-
fusing to adopt this amendment at this time is
to compel these parties, to whom the wrong
has been done by the legislation of the last
Congress, to be put to the cost of going back
through that machinery. It seems to me the
Government will not and cannot in any way
suffer by the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. The only result
of it is to place the man who had imported his
cigars previous to the passage of the law, and
who had tliem in bond, upon an exact equality
with the man that imports cigars to day. Is
that wrong? Is there any wrong in it? It
seems to me not; but on the contrary, by the
adoption of the amendment we are doing at
this late day precisely what we should have
done when ihe original act was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There is
one reason for this which seems to have been
overlooked, and which I think my colleague
could not have understood, which will explain
also why a tariff duty was inserted in the tax
bill. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
complained that the admission of cigars through
the custom-house which did not require stamp-
ing and inspection under the internal revenue
law opened the door for a great deal of fraud—
that the packages could be used again for cigars
of home manufacture. The reduction of the
duty was not the whole of the amount taken
off the foreign rate, as the imported cigars
were required to pay the same duty to the in-
ternal revenue as the manufactured cigars in
addition to the import duty. I now move the
previous question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
it will not he seconded. Here is a bill which
involves millions of dollars, and which I have
prepared myself to debate, and I hope the
House will not act upon it without full exam-
ination. I have no objection, however, to the
previous question being moved on the amend-
ments.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I shall
have an hour afterward.
Mr. DAWES. Move it simply on the amend-
ments.
Mr. ALLISON. I trust the gentleman will
not call it on the amendment which I have
offered, but on his own.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
mean to exclude your amendment. If the
House prefer it I will call the previous ques-
tion simply on the amendment offered by
myself.
Mr. DAWES. Belter do that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I make
that motion.
'I he previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment offered by the
committee was agreed to.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. The com
mittee have no further amendments to offer.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire now to move my
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My hour
is nearly out. How much time does the gen-
tleman want?
Mr. ALLISON. _ I suggest to the gentleman
that the Speaker will rule that there is not an
hour left to him after the previous question is
moved, and I submit to him whether lie will
not give me the hour, and at the end of it I
will move the previous question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I sur-
render the floor with that understanding.
Mr. ALLISON. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out the following paragraph :
That section fifty-six be amended so as to extend
the time for withdrawingdistilieel spirit-! from bonded
warehouse until the 20th of April, 1870, but subjeet
to an additional tax on each proof-gallon deposited
and bonded in warehouse of one ccntlor each month
after the 20th ot April, 1809, and until withdrawn!
and any distilled spirits remaining in bonded ware-
house after the 20th of April, 1870, shall be forfeited
to the United States and be disposed of as provided
in said section.
Gentlemen will observe that this is the sec-
tion which affects distilled spirits in bond.
Now, in the Fortieth Congress, when the gen-
eral tax bill was under consideration, this whole
question was fully discussed in Committee of
the Whole. 'The Committee of Ways and Means
in the last Congress, in reporting amendments
to tifce tax law, refused to insert a provision
extending the time for the removal of distilled
spirits in bond. Their report was, however,
overruled in Committee of the Whole with
reference to that provision, and the House
extended the time for the removal of distilled
spirits in bond for one year. Then, on my
motion, a provision wasinsertedtaxing distilled
spirits one cent per gallon for each month so
remaining in bond ; and now the gentleman
from Massachusetts offers this bill, inserting
the provision as it was fixed by the legislation
of the Fortieth Congress.
Now, I move to strike out this provision ; and
that brings up the whole question as to whether
we will extend the time for distilled spirits re-
maining in bond. By the law of July 20, 1808,
it was provided that all distilled spirits in bond
should be withdrawn and the tax paid thereon
prior to the 20th day of April, 1869; and
unless the provision inserted in this bill shall
be adopted by Congress, of course all distilled
spirits that were in bond on the 20th day of
April, 1808, must pay the tax or become for-
feited to the United States on the 20th day of
April, 1869. My objection to extending the
time is that it does not benefit the revenue of
the United States, nor can it have the effect
to benefit the consumers of distilled spirits.
In other words, this legislation will only benefit
the class of men who now happen to have dis-
tilled spirits in bond. I think the effect would
be, even with this provision of one cent per
gallon per month additional tax, to advance
the price of this spirit in bond, and it would
not only have that effect, but it would have the
effect to postpone for nearly a year the pay-
ment of the tax oil the entire amount of dis-
tilled spirits now in bond, which, 1 am told at
the office of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, is at this time between six and seven
million gallons, and the tax on which would
amount in the aggregate to nearly four million
dollars. We should, therefore, extend the time
for one year for this class of spirits without
any corresponding benefit either to the Gov-
ernment of the United States or to the people
who may choose to purchase these spirits.
Now, the argument that was made on the
floor of the House last session with reference
to this subject was that it was unjust to the
holders of fine spirits to compel them, at the
end of one year, to withdraw those spirits from
the bonded warehouse when it is actually neces-
sary for them to remain in the bonded ware-
house two or three years before they are fit for
the market. 1 agree that there mrty be some-
thing in that suggestion ; but I know of no
reason why the Government of the United States
should become the sponsor of the men who are
engaged in producing distilled spirits. I know
of no reason why the owner of distilled spirits
should not be compelled to pay the tax upon
his product at least within one year, as every
other person is compelled to pay the tax upon
his product.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield for
a question ?
Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. Does not the Government
become the sponsor for all the imported liquors
that come in competition with our own for
three years without inflicting, as this provis-
ion proposes to do, a penalty of one cent per
month upon each gallon ? Does it not hold it
the first year without any penalty, and for the
two next at ten per cent, upon the appraised
value ?
Mr. ALLTSON. It is true that under the
existing tariff law distilled spirits imported
into this country, can remain in bond one year,
and two years longer upon the payment of an
additional duty of ten percent.; but the gentle-
man forgets that while the duty upon domestic
spirits is by our internal revenue law only fifty
cents per gallon the duty upon every proof-
gallon of foreign spirits imported* into this
country is $2 50; so that the men who are
manufacturing distilled spirits in any form iu
this country have the same benefit of protec-
tion for their products which the manufactuiers
of cotton and woolens and the manufacturers
of iron, and every other class of manufactur-
ers in this country have—a protection, Mr.
Speaker, which I trust will at an early day be
reduced ; because I think it is at this time too
high. But I will not enter into that question.
There is, therefore, no proper assimilation in
my judgment to be made between the duty
upon imported spirits and the duty upon do-
mestic spirits as now regulated by our internal-
revenue law and our tariff law.
Npw, my belief is that although the men
who may have distilled spirits in bond may to
some extent be embarrassed in order to obtain
the necessary means to take those distilled
spirits out of bond, yet they have had nine
months within which to prepare themselves for
the existing state of facts. And I want the
attention of gentlemen to another provision
of the law of June 20, 1868. That law pro-
vided that the distiller who distilled his spirits
could hold that spirits in bond for only one
year after such distillation. If this provision
is adopted it will have the effect of extending
the time of those who had whisky in bond
prior to July iSO, 1868, while there will be no
relief whatever for the distiller who has manu-
factured his spirits since July 20, 1808. Ia
other woids, the distiller will be compelled to
take his distilled spirits out of bond at the
end of one year from the 20th of July, 1868,
although he manufactured it with the expecta-
tion of paying but fifty cents per gallon tax
upon it, while the man who manufactured
whisky before that time with the expectation
of paying a tax of two dollars per gallon upon
it is to have one year, in addition to the nine
months already given him by the law, in which
to take his whisky out of bond and place it
upon the market.
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman how much whisky there was in bond
eight months ago when the time was extended,
and how much is now in bond? I ask this
question in order to ascertain the effect of the
law.
Mr. ALLISON. I have forgotten the precise
amount of whisky in bond on the 20th of June,
1868; I believe it was over twenty million
gallons.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Twenty-
seven million gallons.
Mr. ALLISON. I am informed that the
amount now in bond is over seven million
gallons. But the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] cau certainly draw no aigument
from that, because every man who was then
holding whisky in bond was waiting, and had
been waiting for more than nine months, for
the action of Congress, expecting that the tax
would be reduced from two dollars per gallon
to fifty cents per gallon. And when the tax was
actually reduced tlieie was scarcely a gallon
of whisky in the market, so to speak ; and the
demand being so muchgreatei than the supply
then in the market, tliey were compelled to
withdraw it from bond at the reduced rate of
taxation, especially so when under the regula-
tions of the law it was impossible for any dis-
tiller to reengage in the business of distillation
for more than two months after the passage of
the law of July 20, 1868. I now yield the floor
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Loga.v]
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to occupy the atten-
tion of the House for but a few minutes. I do
not know that I shall make anything like a
convincing argument, but I think 1 can at least
put the House in possession of a few facts. I
happen to be tolerably well conversant., or at
least a great deal so, with the histoiy of this
