384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
answer to the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] in regard to the
tobacco stamps, that though I have not fully
examined the stamps which he produced, I
think he will find that they are not counterfeit
stamps, but only a class of stamps which were
formerly used upon cigar boxes, but are now
entirely superseded by the stamps required
under the act of July 20, 1868. If, however,
the gentleman is able to produce here coun-
terfeit stamps, that fact furnishes a stronger
reason than has yet been given why this bill,-
so far as it affects the tobacco question, should
be passed. Every section of this bill affect-
ing tobacco is a restrictive section.
I agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts that the administration of the part of the
law having reference to tobacco has been a
partial failure, because stamps of an inferior
class have been used. This is an evii which
we have sought to remedy in this bill by re-
quiring, with reference to these stamps, certain
things that are not required under tile existing
law. If the stamps which he produces are
fraudulent, I would remind the gentleman that
such things result from errors or shortcomings
in the administration of the law, not necessa-
rily from a defect iu the law itself; and I have
no doubt that such errors or shortcomings will
soon be corrected, inasmuch as we now have
a distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
at the head of the Treasury Department, and
another man in whom we all have confidence
occupying the position of Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
I demand the previous question upon the
bill and amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes 50, noes 68.
The question recurred upon the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, there
being—ayes 62, noes 38.
The main question was ordered ; which was
first upon the amendment of Mr. Allison, to
fctiike from the first section the following para-
g.aph :
That section fifty-six be amended so as to extend
the timeforwithdrawingdistilled spirits from bonded
warehouse until the 20th of April, 1870, but subject
to an additional tax on each proof-gallon deposited
u«d bonded in warehouse of one centfor each month
after the 20th of April, 1869, and until withdrawn;
and fltiy distilled spirits remaining in bonded ware-
house after the 20th of April. 1870. shall be forfeited
to the United States and disposed of'as provided in
said soction.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 68, noes 53.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Ai-lisoit were appointed.
Thellousedivided ; and the tellers reported—
ayes 71, noes 59.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
iu the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 60, not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
Ijrong, Asper, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Benton,
Boles.Buffinton, Benjamin P. But]er,Ces<;nn,Church-
ill, Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cul-
Jom, Dawes, Dixon, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
>erry,. linkelnburg. Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Hale,
iiawKms, Hawley, Heaton, Hoar, Hopkins, Hotch-
kiss.Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelsey. Ketcham.Knapp,
lianin, Lash, Lawrence, Logan, Lynch, McCarthy,
i t.' aP'' H. Moore, William Moore, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, Neg] ey.Orth. Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Pomeroy, Rogers, Sawyer, Schenck, Soofield, Shanks,
John A.^Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
brnith, totevenson, Stokes, Stoughton. Strickland,
J affo, J.111 man, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Voorliees.
ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, "William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, Wil-
liams, John T. Wilson, Winans, and Witcher—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Bcck,Blair,Boyd. Brooks,
Burdetr, Burr. Calkm, Crcbs, Dickinson, Doekery,
Donley, Dyer. Eldridsre, Fox. Get®. Golladay, Ha.ight,
llaldcman, Hatnbleton, ilamill, Hay, Iloag, Ilolman,
Hooper, Jngcrooll. .Johnson, Thomas L. Jone*, Kel-
ley, Kerr, Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick, McGtrew,
McNcely, Mercur, Mofi'et, Morsran. Daniel J. Mor-
vell, Munaren, Kiblnck, O'Neill, Poland, Prosper,
Handall. Beading, Reeves, Rice, Schum.ikei, Stiles,
Swann, Sweeney, Tanner, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
ward—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
iiowen, Roderick R.Butler, Cake, Cleveland, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn, Davis, Deweese. Dickey, Gil-
fillan, Greene, Griswold, Hamilton, Hill, Alexander
II. Jones. Knott, Loughridge, Maynard, Jesse XI.
Moore, Morrissev, Paine, Peters, Phelps. Potter,
Roots, Satiford, Sargent, Sheldon, Slocum, Joseph
S. Smith, William Smyth. Stevens, Stone, Strader,
Townsend, Van Trump, Wkittemore, and Winches-
ter—46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question on the passage of the
bill
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment op the rules.
Mr. FERIiY, by unanimous eonsent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on the Rules:
Itetolved, That the Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of n,dding
the following to the rules of the House, namely:
It shall be the duty of the Doorkeeper, ten minutes
before the hour of meeting of the House each day,
to see that the floor is cleared of all persons except
those privileged to remain during the sessions of the
House.
leave of absence.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Van
Trump for ten days, and to Mr. TowxsENDfor
the remainder of the week.
money-ouder system.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the petition and papers of French residents
of the United States, requesting the establish-
ment of the money order system between the
United States and France.
james walsii.
On motion of Mr. NIBLACK, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of James
Walsh, in the case of a pension.
And then, on motion of Mr. WOOD, the
House (at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, he., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBB: A memorial of the Pomolo-
gical Society of Norfolk, Virginia, asking a
reduction or repeal of the duly on seed peas.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Horace
L. Emery, for extension of patent for improve-
ment in the endless chain horse-power.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of Com-
modore Junius Boyle, United States Navy,
praying for compensation due his late father
for services as Acting Secretary of the Navy.
By Mr. SHANKS: The memorial of P. i3.
Pitclily ti ii and others, delegates of the Choctaw
Indiaus, asking for a settlement of their claims
due from the Government under treaty stipu-
lations.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 31, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication".
The VICE PRESIDENT!1 laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the I nterior,
communicating estimates for the compensation
of the surveyor general of Louisiana and the
clerks in his office for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
message from the iiousb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by J1McPiiekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. II. No.
140) to amend an act entitled " An act impos-
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
for other purposes," approved July 20, 1868 ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. N. 198) in addition to an act enti-
tled "An act to relieve from legal and political
disabilities certain persons engaged in the late
rebellion," approved July 27, 1868; and
A bill (S. No. 116) for the relief of Isabella
C. Youngs, wife of Theophilus Youngs.
house bill refbriuso.
The bill (H. R. No. 140) to amend an act
entitled '"An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 1!0, 1868, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following resolution of the House
of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Speaker
of the House and President of the Senate adjourn
their respective Houses ot the Forty-birst Congress
of the United States on Tuesday, the 6tli day of April
next, at twelve o'cloek meridian, without day.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that resolution
lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE. I hope not. Let us concur in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I wish to say to the Sen-
ate that I am of the opinion that it is utterly
impossible to get through by the time named
in that resolution. We have got to take up
the Indian appropriation bill to-day, which
may occupy several days and must then go to
a committee of conference. Then there is
another appropriation bill coming from the
House, the deficiency bill. I do not know how
extensive it will be.
Mr. ANTHONY. We can hereafter extend
the time, if necessary, or we can amend this
resolution and send it back to the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we had better
omit acting on the resolution until we get
through with the Indian appropriation bill m
this body.
Mr. ANTHONY. We can sit that out in
two days.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not disposed to
do that, or to ask the Senate to sit it out; and
with a session before us such as this is there is
time enough to consider it if we are disposed
to take it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask my
friend from Maine, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, just one question.
With his iong experience m this body does he
not beliere that we are at this moment just as
near the end ot the session as we ever shall be
until we fix the time of adjournment ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no : by no manner
of means. I have been in a position to judge,
until the last Congress, of how long the busi-
ness of the session would probably detain us,
and I have been m ihe habit ol objecting to
fixing a time in this body or of letting llie sub-
ject, of adjournment go out of our hands until
1 could see at what time we could probably get
through. In my opinion we cannot see it now.
If we fix the time on next Tuesday, Congress
is within the power of either House ; the House
