1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
of Representatives may utterly refuse to ex-
tend the time. At any rate, it may create diffi-
culty, and we put ourselves in a very bad and
awkward position. My opinion is that we had
better defer fixing the day until we have fin-
ished the Indian appropriation bill in this body.
By that tune we shall know what other appro-
priation bill is to come from the House. We
can then decide, I think, without any difficulty,
upon the day of adjournment. At present we
cannot do it without exposing ourselves to
possible misfortune in the way of legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. lam clearly of the opinion
with the Senator from Maine that we cannot
fix a day now. But there are other bills than
the Indian appropriation bill that are in the
way that have not yet been acted upon. There
is the whole subject of Georgia—I use the
term in its broadest sense—the subject of Geor-
gia, embracing the seats of the Senators, and
also what shall be done to secure a proper
reconstruction in that State. Are Senators
going home without attending to that? 1 sub-
mit that there is not a question of more im-
portance than that at this moment on the table
of the Senate. We ought not to leave these
seats until the case of Georgia in all its branches
has been considered fully to the end, and we
have arrived at a certain conclusion. I hold
that that is important, not merely for the State
of Georgia, but, as I ventured to suggest the
other day, as an example to other States—to
Mississippi, to Texas, to Virginia. The future
of all of those Slates is involved in our course
tuwaru Geoigta. If we abandon the Union
ot Georgia, winte and black, wliat assurance
have the L'lnon people in these other States
thatwe shall not do Willi them likewise ?
I submit,, sir, that it is wrong for the Senate
to talk about going home until that business is
attended to. i speati with feeling about it. i
feel ttiut we shall not do our duty, i am not
here, however, let me say, to lecture Senators ;
but I am here to express my earnest convic-
tions. We shall be unjust to ourselves, unjust
to the people ol Georgia, unjust to the whole
country, it we do not attend to that case. That
is a business that cannot be attended to hastily,
it requires discussion, and information, and
imetciiange of opinions, and comparison of
thougms. You cannot act upon it at once ;
you must have time.
But that is not all, sir; there is another
question that ought to be attended to before we
leave our seats ; and that is the whole subject
ot naturalization, involving the question of how
frauds under our naturalization laws shall be
prevented. That was presented in various bills
and propositions at the late session of Cou-
giess. .No conclusion, however, was arrived
at. Shall we go home now leaving that also
unattended to '! I do not see bow beuatorscan
consent to go home with such aquestion staring
them iu the lace, to which thev give no answer.
IIih newspapers of the country and the cor-
respondence of Senators invite us to take that
subject into careful consideration.
And yet now, at t.nis early part of the year,
the very best period tor work, when it is not
too hoi nor too cold, when work is absolutely
convenient, it is proposed by certain Senators
tii.it we should make Haste to go home, neg-
lecting all these important questions. 1 hope,
sir, that the Senate will do no such thing. 1
hope that in some way or other it will pass
over the present proposition, and when at
some future day business shall be sufficiently
matured we shall then deliberately fax a day
for adjournment. Meanwhile let us not show
ourselves before the country neglectful of the
duties which the country expects us to per-
form.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts athnns that it is wrong to talkaboutgoing
home. It is some time since I read the Book
ot' Leviticus, and I do not remember positively
whether there is anyihing in that book which
forbids our talking on this subject or not. I
know there is nothing in the Constitution which
forbids it, because 1 read that day before yes-
terday with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
41st Conu. 1st Bess.—No. 25,
Davis,] and I am confident upon that point.
Why is it wrong to talk about going home'/
The Senator from Massachusetts say^ we have
a great deal ol business undisposed of yet. it
is, I believe, a peculiarity with the Senator
from Massachusetts that the longer lie stays
here the more lie finds to be dune.
Now, he says there is the whole subject of
reconstructing Georgia to be attended to, and
he wants us to stay and finish it up. Well, Mr.
President, 1 assure the Sena!or trow Massa-
chusetts and the Senate and the world that
I should be delighted to stay here a while it' X
thought I could see auy prospect of Georgia
being reconstructed; hut I have stayed here
ever since 18tS5, and been praying constantly
for the reconstruction of Georgia and some
other States, and indeed, so far as that is con-
cerned, ever since 1802, and 1 do not see that
we are any nearer reconstructing Georgia than
we were then. If Congress could reconstruct
a State with time we have had tune enough;
but in my judgment it needs not only Congress
and time, but it needs good sense in order to
reconstruct a State. I do not believe if we
stay here two weeks longer that that work will
be accomplished.
The Senator from Maine, however, says that
here is an Indian appropriation bill to be
passed. Thatisa fact; that ought to be done;
but my recollection is that one week before the j
last Congress adjourned there was not a single I
one of the appropriation bills that had passed :
into a law. i am not sure about that.
Mr. CONKLlNG. Only one.
•Mr. HOWE. One, says the Senator from
New York ; the remainder were all behind,
and yet they were all passed except the Indian
appropriation bill, and that passed uoth Houses,
and then the two Houses fell upon a dispute
which time did not enable them to settle. I do
not know that they Can settle it in this time ;
but it they can settle it they have plenty of
time in which to do it. What is there, then,
which requires us to stay here longer than next
Tuesday't The only interest I now tlunk ot
that we are likely to endanger by agreeing to
adjourn on Tuesday next is the distribution of
the currency. The House has not passed that
bill; and it we agree absolutely to adjourn on
next Tuesday I can see the possibility of that
lading ; but 1 am willing to take that risk and
agree to go home on that day. If we do not
get any more currency I shall be sorry lor it,
but I give Senator's notice that when we I
come back next December we will nut take j
$130,000,000.
Mr. SUMNER,. I should like to ask my
friend what he pioposes to do wall the exec-
utive business ot the Senate?
Mr. HO \VE. I suppose there is not execu-
tive business enough to occupy an evening ses-
sion before the Senate ; but it theie is an ac-
cumulation of executive business, the Senate,
I take it, will be sufficiently faithful to its
obligations to the country to stay here and dis-
pose of the executive business; but do not let
us keep the House.
Mr. SUMNEIi. "Why not sufficiently faith-
ful to its obligations to the country to stay here
and attend to the legislation ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly ; of course. I pro-
pose to do that between this and Tuesday.
Mr. HxVMLlX. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out " Tuesday, the Otli" and
inserting "Saturday, the 10th." Willi that
amendment 1 believe there will be ample tune
for Congress to consummate all measures which
are demanded by the eouut-rv at tins time, if
the Senate and the House will devote them-
selves to business, as I have no doubtthey w ill.
My expeiience has always been that when vou
hx a period for adjournment you are pretty pure
to work up efficiently aua appropriately to th.it
petiod of time. The tune i have named in she
amendment 1 think is a.npie to attend to -ill
the necessary subjects of legislation ; and .f the
amendment is agreed to 1 ceitauily will vole
with all cheerfulness for the resolution.
Mr. A.M'fffOXY\ One thing in waioh tlio
Senator from Massachusetts is not a sale guide
in this body is in regard to the question of
adjournment. I will appeal to his candor to
state if he ever voted tor a final adjournment
ot this body. He never has since 1 have been
| here. He has always said, and he ha^ always
said truly, that there was a large accumulation
oi business, J his body never adjourns with-
out leaving upon its Calendar a laiger amount
ot business than was upon it at any previous
period of the session, and it never adjourned
when a prolongation of the session would not
have extended and increased the business. Of
course, our business increases all the time ;
and the argument of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is an argument that we shall remain
in perpetual session.
Now, the House of Representatives has sent
us this resolution. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations there has no doubt
of the ability of the House to get through by
the time named. The only objection I see to
it is the doubt oi the Senator from Maine [Mr.
FessexdbnJ who has the charge of the appro-
priations here, and I of course have great re-
spect for his doubt; but when I recollect thle
way in which I have seen that Senator put bil s
through this body—more than half, the appro-
priations during the time that is left between
this and next Tuesday—-I shall think that he
has lost his ancient vigor if he cannot get the
Indian bill passed in two clays. We can pass
the Indian appropriation bill in two days: we
can pass it iu two weeks j we can pass it m two
months; and whether we shall pass it in one
or the other of these periods depends entirety
upon_ the length of the session. If we agree
to adjourn on Tuesday we shall pass it to-mor-
row night.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to ask my friend
what he proposes to do with Georgia?
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, that is aquestion
that has bothered me a good deal; and 1 have
pretty much come to the conclusion to let
Georgia take care of herself.
Mr. SUMNElt. And furnish nothing in the
way of aid or protection to the Union people ?
Mr. ANTHONY. We can pass the bill tor
the solution oi* the Georgia question whenever
ibe Senator who haschargeofit willgoarouud
and ask a quoium of the Senate lo stand by
him until the biii is passed, and 'he shorter
time we have to pass it 111 the more satisfactory
it will probably be in the end to ourselves and
to the country. We can pass that bill in two
days just as well as in two months. The only
question is whether we shall have a great many
speeches here that have been made over and
over again. It is utterly impossible to say
anything new on that question. It is utterly
impossible tor any Senator to occupy liiseen
minutes on that question ami not repeat, what
ho has already said three or lour times here-
tofore.
Mr. SUMNER. What does my excellent
friend say as to Virginia Y Is anything to be
done about Virginia V
Mr. Ah ftLONY. I do not see the neces-
sity of doing anything with Vtrgmiauutil next
December. I did noo know that anything was
proposed for Virginia.
Mr. SUMNER. Or Texas?
Mr. ANlliONY. I suppose Texas will
si and piety much asmsho has for the his-t, lew
;>-ears. 1 he-e States have not chosen to co-no in.
Mi. OOXIvLljSCx. '1 he honorable StMintor
from Rhode Island will ahovv toe to niaKO a
suggestion to linn. In the other House mere
is a special cuinmitte son the subject of recon-
struction. which has had, not only m theory,
but m lact, tins sebjoci industriously beioie it
lor some nine. Any answer which he gives to
th 1 honoi able Senator from Massachusetts had
better take i.ito account the fact that thai com-
mittee. havmg investigated, as no committee ot
this body has done, the whole subject, has
twicf acquiesced iu the proposition to adjourn
' at an early day. Therefore the practical
' of any attempt to legislate with regard to lexas,
Virginia, and these other States ought not to
i bo lorgotten when we are considering what we
i had better do.
