1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
The next amendment was in the appropri-
ations for the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, in
line two hundred and three, to strike out
"$14,400" and insert " §20,000;" so as to
read :
For the second of thirty installments? provided to
be expended under the tenth article of the treaty of
October 28,1867, concluded at Medicine Lodge Creek,
in Kansas, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and seven, to strikeout "314,500" and
to insert ■' $20,000;" so as to read:
For the purchase of clothing, per tenth article of
the treaty of October 28, 1867, ^20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and seventeen, to strike out " $5,000"
and to insert " $8,000;" so as to read:
For the erection of a steam circular saw-mill, with
a grist-mill andshingle-maebine attached, per fourth
article treaty October 28,1867, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and twenty, to insert'after the word
'' thousand'' the words "two hundred ;" so as
to read:
For salary of a phy.sieia,n. per thirteenth article
treaty October 28,1867, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and twenty-three, to strikeout "§3,550"
and insert " $3,950 so as to read :
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
and engineer, per thirteenth article treaty October
28,1S67, $3,950.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and twenty-seven, to strike out " $700"
and insert in lieu thereof " §1,000;" so as to
read :
For salary of a teacher, per thirteenth article
treaty October 28,1867, £1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and thirty-live, to strike out "$400" and
to insert in lieu thereof " $500 ;" so as to read :
For the first of three installments, to be expended
in presents to the ten persons of s.ud tribe who in
the judgment of the agent may grow the must val-
uable crop lor the respective year, per fourteenth
article treaty October 28, 1867, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and forty-Eve, to increase the appropria-
tion for the lj,st of fifteen installments for the
pay of a farmer for the Chasta, Scoton, and
Ompqua Indians, under fifth article treaty No-
vember 18, 1N54, from $700 to $750.
Mr. CORBETf. I think the chairman of
the Oommiiteeon Indian Affairs intended to
move an amendment to that amendment to
make the amount $1,000.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senate is now pro-
ceeding with the amendments proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations, not those of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CORBETT. I thought it would be in
order to amend the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Au-
thoxy in the chair.) It is in order to amend
the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. HAKLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs instructed me to propose to amend that
clause by making the sum $1,000 instead of
$750. One thousand dollars is the amount
that, has heretofore been paid to this employ^,
and it is thought that it cannot be very well
diminished now without detriment to the ser-
vice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator pro-
pose that amendment now?
Mr. HAliLAN. As it is an amendment to
the amendment, perhaps it had better be moved
now. I move, on behalf ol the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to amend the amendment by
striking out " $750" and inserting " $1,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House of Repre-
sentatives cut down all these appropriations
for the pay of a farmer and other persons
employed on Indian reservations. The Senate
will observe that it goes through a considerable
number of treaties, which make provision for
the employment of these persons. The amount
of pay they shall receive is not fixed by the
treaties in any case. That is left to Congress,
and the other House has almost invariably in
this bill cut them down to $700 a year. The
Committee on Appropriations considered that
matter with as much care as they could bestow
upon it, and they came to the conclusion in all
instances to make it uniformly $750. Ihey
thought that was enough, not going quite so
low a^the House did, but desirous, if possible,
to agree with the House and have as few points
of difference as possible. At the same time,
thinking that $700 was not quite enough, they
concluded to make it $750 for all that class of
employes—blacksmiths and farmers, &c.
Seven hundred and fifty dollars a year would
seem to be enough to get a man who is willing
to go into that country to be a mere agent in
carrying on farming operations. I know there
are a good many men in our section of the
country who would be very glad to do it—
young men perfectly capable of doing it.
I think we had better keep down these ap-
propriations as much as possible. I know
there have been so many abuses that the coun-
try has got very tired of them, and we had
better manifest a spirit of economy where we
can. I believe our committee were unani-
mous in fixing this rate of pay at $750, and
I do not know that the Committee on Indian
Affairs has any other information on the sub-
ject, except perhaps in certain localities, than
the Committee on Appropriations. Jt is a
mere matter of opinion, and I think, in view
of the numerous points of difference between
the two Houses, we had better put this rale at
$750. If we amend it in this instance, we
ought to amend it m all the other instances,
as the Senate Committee on Appropriations
has fixed it. I hope the Senate will be willing
to leave it as it is.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine if he is aware where these
Indians are located; if he has taken into con-
sideiation the fact that they are located upon
the Pacific coast, where wages are very much
higher than they are on this side oft.be mount-
ains? We have to pay our employes there in
gold. A man's labor is worth there three dol-
lars a day in gold. The salary of a farmer at
$1,000 a year, with greenbacks at seventy-live
cents on the dollar, would be just, $750 in gold
per annum. I know that the pay of almost
all employes of the Government is higher upon
the Pacific coast than in other parts of the
country in consequence of the expense of living
and the cost of labor being very much higher
there than on this side. Every class ot em-
ployes receive higher wages. Servant girls get
thirty dollars a month in gold, and so it is in
all employments. I do not think we can em-
ploy a superintendent of farming there for less
than $1,000 a year in greenbacks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we bad better
try it. I have been in the habit for the last
sixteen years of hearing of the difference
between the Pacific coast and other parts ef
the country in regard to this matter of wages
and pay. It is about time, with the growth
and power of the Pacific coast, that things
should be a little more equal. When the pop-
ulation was so scanty as it once was perhaps
there might have been an argument in that
direction, but it is growing less and less every
day; and from the little experience I had in
considering these matters once, when I had to
look at affairs on the Pacific coast, I came to
the conclusion that there was some small degree
of talk about that which was not exactly sup-
ported by the facts, from the number of appli-
cations made to me. I yielded to it to a cer-
tain extent, and I was satisfied afterwards that
I yielded more than I ought to have done ; but I
think we had better make the experiment and
see if we cannot get along on the Pacific coast
with $750 pay for a farmer.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to have this de-
partment on the Paeifie coast conducted with
honesty and with efficiency, and I desire to pay
the employ6s such a price that they can live
there without stealing as they have done here-
tofore. If the wages of the laborers be cut
down to such a rate that they cannot be em-
ployed, we cannot carry out the treaty stipula-
tions ; we must either dispense with a portion
of these employes, or the men must get then-
living in some other way. A man cannot
devote his time and attention to the duties of
this place and live upon the pay proposed. At
seventy-five cents on the dollar it would amount
to between five and six hundred dollars in
gold. 1 do not think a proper person can be
employed as a farmer at that rate there.
Mr. B'ESSENDBN. I think we can hardly
afford to allow the Pacific coast, in the pay of
all our agents there, the difference between
currency and gold. I find that we do not do
it in other instances, and there is no difficulty
that 1 have ever experienced in finding em-
ployes who were ready to hold on when they
were paid in currency pretty much the rates
allowed here. There was a talk about it, and
resistance to it, and a desire to got more ; but
I do not think the necessity has ever been
proved—certainly it has not been to my satis-
faction—"for paying higher rates on that ac-
count. I think we had better try the experi-
ment and sje if we cannot get along there as
we do elsewhere.
Mr. HARLAN. As there probably may be
two or three other amendments similar to this,
1 wish to state the principle on which the
Committee on Indian Affairs acted. They do
not doubt that some kind of a man might be
hired for $750 in currency on the Pacific coast
who would undertake to act as farmer for the
Indians; but they do not think that such a
man as ought to be put in charge of that kind
of work could be had for that sum. That is
their only reason for proposing to raise it. They
are equally anxious with the Senator from
Maine to curtail the expenses of the Govern-
ment, and they will not propose to raise the
amount above what has been suggested by the
Committee on Appropriations, in many in-
stances ; but they supposed that, located as these
Indians are, from the best information they
could get, it would not be practical to obtain
for $750 in currency a man who ought to be
trusted as the superintending farmer for these
Indians. They live, to a very large extent, from
the proceeds of their own labor. We thought
we ought to give them a good man. Some
kind of a man, no doubt, could be hired for the
sum named; and perhaps it might be made
lower on that principle. Some vagabond might
be hired for $500 or less than $500. The
Committee on Indian Affairs thought enough
ought to be appropriated to secure the services
ot an honest and industrious farmer, and they
do not think that such a man can be hired at
that location for a less sum than $1,000 a year
in currency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator
whether he does not suppose that the fanners
who live on the Indian reservations and super-
intend what goes on get their own provisions
from what is raised for the Indians ? Are they
not fed off the produce of the land as a matter
of fact?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not understand it to
be so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I expect it is so. The
farmer lives on the farm and no doubt gets his
living off the farm. That being the case, $750
in currency would seem to be ample.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not understand that
these farmers live out of the public funds.
Sometftnes, perhaps, they cultivate land of
their own. 1 think a majority of them, per-
haps, do have a patch of land of their own
that they cultivate on private account, out or
the products of which they live; but 1 do not
think they five out of the public Treasury.
Mr. GRIMES. When iowa was a territory
and there were Indians located there the farm-
ers appointed for them used to live on the
farms from the proceeds of the iarms. I know
that used to be the case.
