1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
Mr. FESSENDEN. With regard to the
millers, I think it probable that they look out
pretty well for themselves. As they do the
grinding they generally have a pretty good
opportunity to do it. I am satisfied that if
anybody was to take pay out of the proceeds
the millers probably would. I guess they can
get a living.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know how it may
be in Maine, bat really our people do not figure
in that way. The millers in our country are
honest men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So much more honest
than all the rest!
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator will con-
sent to allow §1,000 a year to the millers I
will consent to $750 for the others, as he has
fixed it. Then the appropriation would be
just $9,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not. think it worth
while to vary, for we have established the same
rule in all cases.
Mr. COUBETT. For millers?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; all through;
and I hope the Senate will adhere to it.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that is a mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have gone a little
over the estimate of the House in order to
provide for some classes that command higher
pay, but I cannot agree to this proposition.
When I spoke of what these men would be
likely to do I referred to those employed in
that particular business amoug Indians, and
who have everything in their own hands. I
do not know where they come from, but I
know where they go to, and unless there is a
very great difference between men, the atmos-
phere of the gold coast I do not believe im-
proves the morality they carry with them any
more>than any other atmosphere. I think we
had better stick to what we have agreed to,
because if we begin these amendments there is
no knowing where they will end.
Mr. HARLAN. I of course wish to submit
to the judgment of the Senate on this subject,
but in order that the vote may be had under-
htaodingly I think I ought to state that these
Nez Perces or Split-noses are in rather a pecu-
liar situation. A treaty was made some years
ago in which they agreed to give up a large
amount of territory which they had roamed
over and accept of a reservation and attempt
to go to work and make a living at farming.
This treaty was not ratified immediately in the
Senate, not in fact until a territorial govern-
ment was organized for Idaho, and it so hap-
pened that the capita^ of the Territory was
located on their reservation. So in the opinion
of the Committee on Indian Affairs it was not
proper to recommend the Senate to ratify the
treaty at all. The white people have crowded
on to that reservation which the Indians sup-
posed had been set off to them, have occupied
it, and other arrangements have been made
with the hope of satisfying them. Now it seems
to me we ought to make reasonable provision
for them. It is a gold-bearing country,_ not
over on the coast, but on the heights of the
Rocky mountains. A very valuable territory
has been taken from them. We all know that
the cost of labor in the neighborhood of these
gold mines is higher than it is in the old States;
and unless it is intended that a license shall
be given to these employes to steal, unless that
is the understanding, that they shall not be paid
enough so as to be able to live unless they do
steal, it seems to me we ought to pay what
would be a reasonable compensation for honest
men in these positions. The committee con-
sidered this very carefully, and they thought
it would probably be impossible to get honest
men who would discharge these duties for a
less sum than they have named.
With this explanation, if the Senate should
differ with the Committee on Indian Affairs,
of course we shall submit to it cheerfully.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to read a letter
from one of the employes in the office ot the
Nez Perces Indian agency. He says: j
"Pardon mo for intruding my letter upon your '
valuable time, but believing you would bo willing
to assist us out here, I take the liberty to ask you to
use your influence with Congress and get the salaries
of the employes at this agency raised. The beggarly
pittance they are now paying—$600 per annum, in
greenbacks—will scarcely clothe one, much less allow
him to lay aside a dollar from his earnings. Until
the 1st of October ultimo the salaries have been more
than at the present time; but under the late reduc-
tion of salaries it is impossible to come out even at
the end of the year.
" Hoping you will give the matter consideration,"
&<s.
I have also a letter from the agent, addressed
to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in which
he says:
" Owing to the reduction of wages of the employ6s
in this department many of them have left, and
their places are being filled by others. The miller
is indispensable, and would not stay for the salary
allowed, ($900 per annum,) nor can a good miller be
had at tliat salary as yet. On the 1st of this month,
(October, 1868,) as now the mill is full of wheat in
small grists, brought by the Indians to get ground
for their winter supplies, I was compelled to give
the miller his former salary, $1,000 per annum, or
stop the mil). I prevailed on him to remain until I
could hear from you in relation to the matter, and
should you object to the payment of the $1,000 per
annum to him as miller I have promised to pay him
out of my own salary. Will you therefore allow mo
to dispense with some of the other employ6s, (say
gunsmith,) so that I can retain the miller?"
The answer from the department was that
he must apply the money as appropriated, and
that he could not dispense with the eraployfes,
because he was obliged to carry out the treaty.
This agent is a very honest man. lie takes
an interest in the Indians, and has been a
friend to them there and was appointed by
their particular request. He is trying to carry
out faithfully the treaty stipulations with them.
It seems that a miller cannot be employed for
a less sum than he mentions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the treaty does not
fix the salary, and the agent thinks we can
dispense with the gunsmith, you certainly can
take a portion from that which has been paid
heretofore to the gunsmith, if necessary, and
add it to the pay of the miller, reducing the
pay of the gunsmith.
Mr. CORBETT. We have reduced the pay
of the gunsmith to $750.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it; and you can
reduce it still lower if he is not necessary.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator knew as
much about that country as I do he would
know that it would be impossible to employ a
gunsmith, or any other person, for a less sum
than that. That is just about six hundred
dollars in gold. I am willing to put the appro-
priation at $9,000, and that will leave all the
other employes at $750, and give the millers
and superintendents $1,000 each.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The agent who writes
the letter, it seems, thinks the gunsmith could
he dispensed with; but the treaty requires a
gunsmith. Now, then, as we make a gioss
appropriation, and the gunsmith is not really
necessary, and we only make an appropriation
for him as a matter of form, it is veiy easy to put
the pay of the gunsmith at $500 and add the
amount deducted in that way to the miller, if
you want to raise him and give him more ; but
1 really do not see the necessity for the Sen-
ator's proposition. \\ e have adopted the prin-
ciple, and I hope it will be carried through by
the Senate. If you break it down in one in-
stance it will be impossibleto retain it in others.
Mr. CORBETT. Thisagentisanhonestman.
He has tried to employ each employG for the
purpose for which he is designated b\'^ the
treaty. These Indians, at the expense of the
department, came on here during; the past year
complaining ot the violation of their treaty,
saying that they had not the employ6s they
were entitled to ; that tliey had not their
teachers, and they did not know what had
become of their money. They asked for the
appointment of this man, and they asked that
these employes should be furnished to them.
dians. These employes cannot be employed
for a less amount than that which I have named.
I hope, therefore, as the agent is trying faith-
fully to carry out the treaty with these Indians,
that we shall fix the amount of this appropria-
tion at $9,000. I am willing to reduce itc$400
from what the committee ask. I am willing to
modify the amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs so as to make the sum $9,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) That motion has already
been made by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I ©f course will accept the
suggestion from the Senator from Oregon. He
lives nearer to the Indians than I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the honor-
able Senator from Maine proposed to change
the amendment of the committee from $8,250
to $8,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; I am willing to
do that. I think that is right.
Mr. HARLAN. In order that it may be put
in form, I will move to change "$250" to
" $500."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree to that. Then it
will add $250 to the superintendent of farming.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is pro-
posed to amend the clause so as to make the
appropriation read $8,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 41, line
nine hundred and ninety-four, to strike out
"$720" and to insert "$750;" so as to make
the appropriation for the pay of a blacksmith
for the Omahas $750.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and forty-five, in the appropriations for
the Quinaielt and Quillehute Indians, to strike
out " one" and insert "two" before "thou-
sand ;" so as to make the clause read;
For tenth of twenty Installments forthesupport of
an agricultural and industrial school, and for pay ot
suitable instructors, per tenth article treaty 1st July,
1855, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 47, line
eleven hundred and fifty-four, after the word
" thousand" to insert " six hundred ;" so that
the clause will read:
For tenth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and a
physician, who shall furnish medicines for the sick,
per tenth article treaty 1st July, 1855, $3,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eleven
hundred and ninety-five to insert:
For this amount, being the interest on $50,000from
August 16,1866, the date of the ratification of the
treaty made with the Seminoles, March 21,1866. to
November 12,1868, the date when the payment ot
said sum commenced, two years, two months, ana
twenty-six days, as per third artielo of treaty ot
March 21. 1866, $5,597 21.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 59, line
fourteen hundred and thirty-nine, in the appro-
priations for the Hmpquas and Calapooias of
Umoqua valley, Oregon, after the word "thou-
sand" to insert •' four hundred and fifty ;" so
as to make the clause read:
For fifteenth of twenty installments for the pay of
a teacher and purchase of books and stationery, per
sixth article treaty November, 29,18oi, $l,4o0.
| The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendment was in the appropria-
| tions for the Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Uma-
tilla tribes, after the word "thousand, in hue
The agent asked the consent of the depart- :j hundred and sixty one, to insert
mentto dispense with one of the employes, it I 1 <■«._.n tw th«
! he could do it, in order that he might be able | read.
ii to pay the compensation absolutely necessary jl
i . * . ,, , i ii For tenth of twenty installments for the pay and
to secure the services of a miller; but he was jj suj,3istence of ono superintendent ot farming opera-
told that he could not. They are trying to |{ farmer, tw? millers, one blacksmith, on.
carry out the treaty stipulations with the In-
wagon'and'plow'maker, one carpenter and joiner,
