1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
I conclude that the object is to remove these
Indians to the southern superintendency, and
they should be included within that superin-
tendency so soon as they are removed, and not
before. That, 1 understand from my colleague,
who is on the Indian Committee, is the object
of the section, and yet the phraseology is such
that they are now to be included. If the com-
mittee will consent to an amendment striking
out the word " hereafter," in the latter clause
of the section, and adding at the end of the
section the words *' so soon as they are re-
moved," it will accomplish the object that 1
think the committee have in view, and will
not admit of any conflict as between the two
superintendents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will refer the Sen-
ator-on that point to his colleague. He can
take his judgment about it. If he will accept
it I shall not object.
Mi\ ROSS. That will be agreeable to me.
That is what was intended.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what was intended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator's col-
league [Mr. Ross] is willing to agree to it we
will adopt the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will permit
liie to suggest that this is in perfect harmony
with another amendment, proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropiiations on the first page of
the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I noticed that; I did not
know what it, meant.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will find that
the number of superintendents has been re-
duced. It was reduced in the House from
twelve to eleven. This section will probably
wipe out the Kansas superintendency.
Mr. POMEROY. All I wanted to get at
was what the committee intended; whether
they intended to destroy one superintendency,
and if so. which?
Mr. HARLAN. That seems to have been
the intention of the House, and the Senate
comminee have framed their amendment in
hai motiy with it.
Mr. POMEUOY. The limits of these super-
in .end en cies are defined in the law, and you can-
not extend one superintendency over another
unless you remove the Indians into Jie limits
of that superintendency. 1 suppose that was the
object of this amendment. If my colleague
savs that is the object I will simply move to
smke out the word •' hereafter," in the seventh
line, and to insert at the end of the section the
woids ''so soon as they are removed."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps the limits of
the districts may be changed, may be made
northern and southern, two districts, without
any icinoval, and these Indians may be in-
cluded in the southern superintendency.
Mr. POMEROY. Then you will include in
the superintendency some tribes that you do
not propose to remove ; you will extend the
jurisdiction of the southern superintendency
ti]> over a part of the Indians, and not the
whole, and that will make a conflict at once.
The object is, I understand, to put these In-
dians under the southern superintendency so
Boon as they are removed, and not betore.
That is the effect of the amendment which 1
offer, to add at the close of the section the
words "so soon as they are removed," and
then there will be no question about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of the
Senator, because I do not really understand
the effect of it, as we have struck out one
superintendency, might not these Indians prop-
erly come within what will be the southern
superintendency? Perhaps his colleague can
answer that question.
Mr. POMEROY. After their removal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will it be necessary to
remove them? As we have struck out one, might
they not come wiihiu the southern superin-
tendency? As the department would undoubt-
edly divide it, as there are only two superin-
tendencies to divide, would not these Indians
necesi^arily fall within the limits nt the south-
ern superintendency withoutany removalat all?
Mr. POMEROY. No. sir : they would natu-
rally go into the Nebraska superintendency.
These Indians, before they are removed, if you
destroy the central superintendency, would
more naturally belong to Nebraska.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very weli; then the
words the Senator suggested would probably
be proper; and if his colleague accepts them
I have no objection.
^ Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator from
Kansas I think is in error in supposing that
there are any geographical boundaries fixed
by statute to any one of the superintendencies.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say they were
fixed by statute. These tribes are placed under
superintendencies, as I understand, by order
of the department.
Mr. HARLAN. There is, therefore, no
necessity whatever for this section. The Sec-
retary of the Interior can order an agent to
report to any superintendent he sees proper,
or he may in fact order him to report dircctly
to the department here at Washington. I
think in all probability the Committee on Ap-
propriations followed an eld amendment offered
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, which was
drawn up and adopted hastily without examin-
ing the statutes; and I am informed, on inquiry
ot the chief clerk of the Indian Bureau, that
there is no law regulating the boundaries of
any superintendency geographically.
Mr. POMEROY. Then we had better strike
out the section entirely.
Mr. HARLAN. The whole amendment
might as well bo dropped out, in my opinion.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 move to strike out this
second section.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the section. If the Sen-
ate vote m the 'negative it will accomplish the
same result.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; let the
department regulate it.
Mr. IiOSS. I accepted the suggestion to
amend this proposition made by my colleague
with the expectation of getting the number of
supeimtendents fixed in the first section of the
bill restored from eleven to twelve. 1 should
oppose, however, the striking out of this section
for the reason that the tribes enumerated here
have been removed from the central superin-
tendency within the last year to the southern
superintendency, or what are usually under-
stood to be the limits of that superintendency.
They are now located in the vicinity of Fort
Cobb, nearly all of tlieui ; and they will all be
therein the next few months, or perhaps weeks, j
where they will be about one bundled and fifty
miles from the headquarters of the southern ;
superintendency, and aboutthreehundred miles J
from the headquarters of the central superin-
tendency; making it certainly much more con- I
veuient to attend to them from the headquar- j
ters of the southern superintendency. ft is j
also intended, as the Senate will understand, >
to remove all the Indians inthe central super- ;
mtendencv, which is the State of Kansas, down I
to what is known as the Indian teriiLoiy, where, >
of course, they will be m the southern super-
intendency. Willi the lemoval of those who !
are specified in this section there are now less ;
than three thousand Indians m the State of j
Kansas ; and there is really no need, or there ;
will be none when these Indians are withdrawn, |
of retaining the central superintendency. This
section was inserted for the purpose of eon- ;
centrating all these Indians down in the In-
dian territory under one superintendency. I
consider it important that the section should ;
be retained. \
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, this is the '
law on the subject:
" That the Piosident he. and he is hereby, author-
ized, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint three euperintoDdents of Indian
affairs for Indian*-, v !w shall receive an ;inuua.l
salary each of $2,001) and whose duly it sh-Jl be to
exercise a gener.it superintendence over such tribes
ot Indians as the President or tile Secretary of the
Department of the Interior unij direct, and to exe-
cute and perfoim ait the daties now assigned bylaw
to superintendents of Indian affairs.'' j
Mr. FESSENDEN. That being the state j
of the case, it is best to strike this section out '
and leave it to the Department to regulate the
matter.
Mr. POMEROY. I am entirely satisfied to
leave it to the Department. It has always
been left to the Department. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Appropriations, insert-
ing the section.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
pletes the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. I have the authority of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move an amend-
ment, which was not adopted in committee
because of the want of time to call it up there.
I move, in the third line of the third [second]
section, to strike out the word "act" and to
insert the word "treaty;" so that it will
read ;
That all goods and merchandise furnished any
tribe or band of Indians under the provisions of any
treaty shall be turned over by the agent or superin-
tendent of i-uch tribe or band to the chief's of the
tribo or baud in bulk and in the original package,
to be distributed to tile tiibe or band by the chiefs
m such manner as the chiets may deem best: Pio-
oided, 'Chat 8,lid chiefs have observed their treaty
obligations Willi the Government as hereinbefore
slated.
The reason for this amendment I think can
easily be made obvious to every one whose
duty it is to consider this subject. There can
be no objection that I can see to the applica-
tion of this section to tho.-e Indians with whom
treaties exist, and where they receive install-
ments in pursuance of treaties : but it is utterly
impracticable when applied to those Indians
with whom there are no treaties. There are
in California twenty-live or thirty thousand
Indians, and there aie very few distinct tribes
ol any paiticular note. There are, however,
a great many bands of Indians there, perhaps
altogether not less than one hundred. Some
of these consist of but a few souls. It would
be impossible to turn over original packages
to thetn, because each of those bands wouid
not be entitled to an original package. Take,
tor example, a bale of blankets. The whole
band or tribe would be entitled to only a small
proportion of the baie. So, when they are
supplied with food, as you have provided in
the preceding section that they shall be, the
particular band or tribe would be entitled prob-
ably to only a portion of a barrel or sack of
Hour, only a portion of a barrel of pork, only
a portion of any articles of groceries that might
be purchased m bulk for the use of thelndiaus.
It is, as will be seen, utterly impracticable to
carry out the provision of this section where
there are no treaties, and where the supplies
have to be furnished, as m California m many
instances, to the individual Indians by the
agent. He distributes them among the several
families in the little rancheros. It will be
utterly impracticable to supply them at all if
tliey are to be supplied with original packages;
or, on the other hand, if they are to he sup-
pled with original packages they will be sup-
plied with more, by far, than their pi o rata.
I think the reason for the amendment is very
obvious, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. I fail to see any distinc-
tion between the delivery of goods under a
law and under a treaty. The very same diffi-
culty would arise under a treaty that would
arise under a law. It depends on the quantity
of goods to be delivered entirely, and whether
they are provided for by an act of Congress or
provided for by an article in a treaty can make
no difference as to the quantity to be delivered.
Mr. COLE. I will in a word explain the
difference, which appears to me obvious, which
requires goods to be delivered in a different
manner to those Indians with whom there are
no treaties and to those Indians^ with whom
treaties exist. In the first place it is presum-
able that if the great United States of America
make a treaty with a distinct class of people,
a nation, if you please, or tribe, that it is of
sufficient magnitude and dignity to be treated
