394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
■with. That that is the case always I will not
affirm, but that is the presumption.
I stated a moment ago, which the Senator
certainly did not hear, that in California there
are a great many bands of Indians or tribes,
probably altogether at least a hundred, some
of them composed of only a few individuals;
two or three families perhaps in some instances.
I have seen a report, which I have not before
me, giving a statement of the numbers of the
tribes, and I notice that a great many of them
are less in number than one hundred; per-
haps twenty in some cases, thirty in others,
and forty in others. They occupy rancberos,
or places by themselves, and by the provision
of law they are supplied in case of need with
articles of food and clothing to some extent,
to a limited extent to bo sure, because you
make but limited provision for them. But it
would be impracticable to give them a whole
package of goods under this section. It would
result in depriving them of all perhaps, whereas
if the practice that is followed now should be
continued they would receive the few blankets
that are apportioned to a particular little band
of Indians. I think it is utterly impossible to
carry out the provisions of the section as it
stands. I am informed that such will be the
case, and without any information from other
sources I know it will be the case.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that will be the
result in all cases. This section will have to
be amended or else it must be stricken out.
If these goods are turned over to the chiefs in
bulk and packages the chiefs will take charge
of them; many of them will keep them them-
selves, or a large proportion of them. They
have their favorites, and they will compel the
other Indians to pay them a certain amount
of money provided they will do so and so. I
think the section should be amended, at any
rate by inserting in the seventh line after the
word " best" the words "in the presence of
the agent." I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was instructed to offer
some amendment of that kind. I will ask
him if he has any such amendment ?
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs did instruct me to offer an amendment
in that part of the section ; but I understand it
would not be in order now, the Senator from
California having offered to amend the bill by
changing the phraseology in the third line of
the section, by striking out the word "act"
and inserting "treaty." As I have observed
before, I can see no distinction between the
delivery of goods under a law, under an act
of Congress, and the delivery of goods under
the provisions of a treaty. If the quantity of
goods to be delivered would be less than a
bale or package it would have to be broken
whether delivered under the provisions of a
treaty or of law. I have no doubt the adoption
of this section will very greatly embarrass the
business of the bureau; but still it was thought
by the House of Representatives that it might
be a safeguard. Perhaps it would be better to
leave the word "act" in, and to insert the
word "treaty" also; so as to make it read,
"under the provisions of any act or treaty."
If it is necessary to put in the word " treaty"
it is necessary to retain the word "act,"
because the principle is precisely the same,
and the embarrassment in the one case will be
precisely the same as the embarrassment in the
other.
Mr. POMEROY. If you will insert "act
or treaty" that will settle it; that will cover
both cases.
Mr. COLE. I regret very much that I am
not able to make myself understood in this
matter. To be sure the principle is the same
whether the goods are furnished under a treaty
or under an act; but to require that they shall
be distributed in the original packages to the
chief or to the head of a tribe, it seems to me
is unreasonable, because the man who might
assume to be the head of a tribe, or be such
in fact, is not in every instance a man who is
to be trusted, or ought to be trusted with so
responsible a duty. I think the distribution
should be made by the agent or superintendent
to the Indians, so that it may be seen with cer-
tainty that each Indian, each needy person, gets
what bylaw and treaty is intended for him.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, the committee desire to offer this amend-
ment: to insert m line five, after the word
"Dackage," the words "in the presence of the
head men of the tribe;" and to insert after
the word "best," in the seventh line, the words
"in the presence of the agent or superintend-
ent;" so as to obviate the difficulty he suggests.
The whole section will then read :
That all goods and merchandise furnished any
tribe or band of Indians under the provisions of any
act or treaty shall be turned over by the agent or
superintendent of such tribe or band to the chiefs of
the tribe or band in bulk and in the original pack-
age, in the presence of the head men of the tribe,
to be distributed to the tribe or band by the chiefs, in
such manner as the chiefs may deem best, in the
presence of the agent or superintendent.
So as to have the general supervision of the
head men and the chiefs both when the goods
are delivered and when they are distributed as
well as the supervision of the agent.
Mr. COLE. To that amendment there cer-
tainly can be no objection, so far as I am con-
cerned, for it applies to those cases where
treaties exist. As I said, when you treat with
the head men and chiefs you aie presumed to
treat with persons who are entitled to be trusted
with the discharge of this responsible duty ;
and that probably would be the case in most
instances, but certainly it will not be the case
in every instance. I believe it is part of the
history of Indian affairs in this country that
when under treaties Indian tribes were supplied
with coin the coin was sometimes delivered to
them in boxes and passed entirely from the
Indians without the boxes being opened at all.
One word further, sir. We appoint Indian
agents and superintendents. We select, or
ought to select, honest men for that duty. We
ought to select responsible men and require
them to perform their duty to the very letter.
If they are honest men, if they are proper
men, it is a part of their duty to do this very
business of distributing these goods properly,
and to see that the needy are supplied. _ If
these goods under the language of this section
are to be distributed in the original packages,
I ask the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs how it is possible that a fraction
of a tribe not entitled to an original package
can be supplied at all under the section as it
reads? How can they be supplied with a blanket
or with anything?
Mr. HARLAN. It will depend upon the defi-
nition of the words "original package." I
suppose the purchaser might so purchase his
goods that the original packages would con-
tain but one blanket. I suppose the object of
the framers of this section was to require the
goods to be delivered in the same packages in
which they were put up in the store where they
were bought, so that they should not be opened
and subject to be changed by parties in tran-
situ; and by purchasing with a view to deliver
to each tribe, the packages can be smail enough
to enable them to make the distribution.
Mr. COLE. Suppose it be a sack of flour.
How would y«u do in that case?
Mr. HARLAN. Then buy half a sack ; or
put it in a sack just half the size of an ordinary
sack.
Mr. COLE. It would be attended with very
great expense to have goods put at the place
of manufacture in packages to supply each par-
ticular tribe or family.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from California to insert the words " as nearly
aspossible" aftertheword "package" in the
fifth line of this section. That probably would
meet the difficulty.
Mr. COLE. That is sufficient.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California accept that as a modifica-
tion of his amendment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 351) to change certain
land districts in the State of California; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 85) to facili-
tate the construction of the custom-house at
Bangor, Maine.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses' on the bill (H. R. No. 3)
to repeal an act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices.
tenure-oe-office law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to
consider the report of the committee of con-
ference which has just come from the House
of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to submit a report from the com-
mittee of conference on the tenure-of-office
bill at this time. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I presume it is understood
that the appropriation bill is to be passed over
informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is done by
unanimous consent. The appropriation bill is
still pending.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
this question in regard to the third section
settled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is settled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment has been agreed to, as modified by
the Senator from California at the suggestion
of the Senator from Minnesota, to insert the
words " as nearly as possible" after tlje word
" package," in the fifth line.
Mr. COLE. "As nearly as practicable."
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words will
be so modified. The Secretary will now report
the action of the committee of conference.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the com-
mittee of conference, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 3) to repeal an act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices, having met,
after full and free conference, have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the Senate amendment, and agree
to the same with the following amendments:
Sfrike out all after the word " officer" in line
twenty-seven of the second section of the Senate
amendment to the end of the section, and insert in
lieu thereof the following: "Then, and not other-
wise, the President shall nominate another person
as soon as practicable to said session of 'the Senate
for said office."
Amend section three of the act to which this is an
amendment, by inserting alter the word "resigna-
tion " in line three of said section the words follow-
ing: "or expiration of term of office."
And the Senate agree to the same.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
GEORGE P. EDMUNDS,
JAMES W. GRIMES,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
C. 0. WASHBURN.
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state what I un-
derstand to be the effect of the report agreed
to by the committee of eoBference. As the bill
passed the Senate it will be recollected it pro-
vided that if no nomination was confirmed
by the Senate in place of a suspended officer
during the session, and the Senate by a vote
refused to concur in the suspension, 'hen, at
the end of the session, the suspended officer
should be restored to the office and discharge
its duties and receive its emoluments. All this
is stricken out by the conference committee,
and in lieu of it is inserted, that the President
shall, as soon as practicable, make another
nomination to the Senate. This leaves the
