1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
CUSTOM-HOUSE, BANGOR, MAINE.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
a joint resolution (.H. JR. No. 65) in relation to
an appropriation for the custom-house and
public buildings at Bangor, Maine; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The jointresolution, which was read, author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to make a
present application of the $25, 000 appropriated
at the last session of the Fortieth Congress to
the Bangor custom house and public buildings,
the same to be applied to the use provided in
said appropriation, not hereby increasing the
said appropriation as heretoiore made.
Mr. DA WES. I have a letter here from the
Secretary of the Treasury recommending that
this authout.y be given him. I ask the Clerk
to lead it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasoey Department, March 27,1869,
Sir : In the bill making appropriations for sundry
eivit oxpenses for the fiscal year ending JunooO,18rO,
an appropriation ot$J6,000 was made tor completing
the enlaigement of the custoin-house at Bangor,
Maine.
This money is needed at once, and if it wore now
available the work could be completed by the end of
May proximo, and the great expensewhich tliesus-
peiiMon of the, erk m its present condition wilt in-
volve be saved to the Government.
In view ot the fact that there will be no additional
expense involved, but, it saving wilt be effected by
rendeunglhis appiopri-it-on immediately available,
and the decision ot the Comptroller that no moneys
can be ur.nvti Irom the .ibovo appropriation until
July 1 1)10X111)0, I rctpecttuliy recommend that a
cianse be m.scited in the appropriation bill now
ponding render ng this amount immediately avail-
ab'e, or the p.issageot a joint resolution to the same
effect be prooui cd.
Very respectfully,
GEOIltrii S. BOUTWELL,
tiecretai y of the Treasury.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WOOD. I ask that the joint resolution
be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] that there was an
appropriation made at the last session of Con-
gress, for the next fiscal year, for the purpose
of completing this custom house at Bangor,
Maine. If it can be used now the whole work
can be completed without the slightest addi-
tional expense.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that perfectly.
But the gentleman will perceive that this joint
resolution is not what the Secretary of the
Treasury calls for.
Mr. DAWES. The committee understand
it to give the authority he asks.
Mr. WOOD. I doubt very much whether it
is proper for the House to pass this joint reso-
lution ill this way. It is realiy, ana iu fact, a
new appropriation, an appropriation for the
present fiscal year, whereas the appropriation
was originally made for the next fiscal year.
Mr. DAWES. The committee do not un-
derstand it to be a new appropriation. So
much money lias already been appropriated by
law. This joint resolution merely authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to use now what
he would be authorized to use after June 3!),
1869 ; that is all.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that perfectly.
But the appropriation was made for a, par-
ticular period.
Mr. DAWES, Undoubtedly that is so;
there is no question but what the gentleman
from Now York is correct as to the law. If
he sees any impropriety in doing what the
committee here propose of course he should
oppose it.
Mr. WOOD. My objection is to the loose
way in which it is here proposed to legislate.
Accordingly I make the point of order that
this bill makes a new appropriation, and there-
fore must receive its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, upon the ground that this is not
a new appropriation, but merely a direction as
to the application of an appropriation already
made.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to state that this
building is now in progress of construction,
and so nearly completed that it can be made
immediately serviceable if this appropriation
can he now used. There are a hundred men
who have been employed there, and who will
soon be thrown out of employment unless this
I is done. It was a mistake of mine in having
the appropiiation put in the bill making appro-
piiations for the next fiscal year, instead of
having it put in the deficiency bill or the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr, DAWES. There is not a dollar of
appropriation in this joint resolution. The
only question is whether you will discharge all
these workmen now and let this work lie idle
until the 1st day of July next, and then take
the $25,000 which was appropriated by the bill
of the last session and then use it for the very
purpose for which it was originally appropri-
ated, or whether it shall be used now. That
is all.
Mr. WELKER. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Dawks]
give us the assurance that this $25,000 will
finish this building ?
Mr, DAWES. I can only refer my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Welkeii] to the enthusiastic
assurance given to the last House by the dis-
tinguished gentleman representing that delight-
ful town, which carried away the last House
and carried $2">,000 with it.
Mr. WELKER. I did not hear that.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing could have induced
the last House, in my opinion, to have made
that appropriation but that exhibition of sin-
cerity on the part of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters.] And if there is any doubt upon
the matter now I think it would be well for the
gentleman to repeat now the speech he made
upon that occasion.
Mr. PETERS. I did make a solemn promise
to this House that the $25,000 would be enough,
and 1 want to keep my word, but I do not see
how I can do so unless we have this money to
use now.
Mr. WELKER. That is what I wanted to
hear; I did not hear it before.
Mr. PETERS. Then I repeat it now, that
if we can have this $25,000 now we will com-
plete the building and ask for nothing more.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations allow me to ask
him why not make this a general proposition?
We have appropriated certain moneys for cer-
tain public buildings. Provided the money be
expended honestly, why should not the Secre-
tary of the Treasury diaw upon the appropri-
ations either before or after the 1st of July?
Mr. DAWES. Well, Mr. Speaker, it is to
me very surprising indeed that a gentleman of
so large legislative experience as the gentle-
man irom Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] should
suggest a general proposition to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to act in his discre-
tion and make just such expenditure of all the
money appropriated by the last Congress as he
shall see fit.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is not the proposi-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I thought I must have mis-
understood the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. My proposition was with
reference to the various public buildings which
have been authorized and which are now in
course of construction. The same reasons that
apply in this case apply, I doubt not, with
reference to a large number of other public
buildings.
Mr. DAWES. Well, that is a proposition
only a little less strange than the one which I
supposed the gentleman had made. I do think
that if we are disposed to go over any of the
work of the last Congress in reference to these
appropriations we should not undertake to go
over it iu gross, but should only take it up m
detail, and where there may be some special
reason for doing so. I have such ur.doubt.ing
confidence, Mr. Speaker, in the work of the
last Congress that I address myself to any
change of that work with great reluctance. I
now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and behig
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATIY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee hud
examined and iound truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 166) for the relief of Isabella
C. Youngs, wife of Theophilps Youngs; and
An act (S. No. 198) in addition to an act
entitled *'An act to relieve from legal and
political disabilities certain persons engaged in
the late rebellion," approved July 27, 18ti8.
LAWS FOK INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. COOK. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior asking lor
an appropriation to purchase two thousand
copies of the fifteenth volume ot the United
States Statutes-at-Large, have instructed rue
to say that while the Judiciary Committee are
of opinion that the purchase ought to be made
they think the communication ought to be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
I move, therefore, that the Committee on the
Judiciary be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the communication, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA..
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and put on its passage a bill of
one section, concerning land districts in Cali-
fornia. It is a measure of considerable local
importance, and will not involve any cost to the
Government. The bill is entitled '"An act to
change certain laud districts in the State of
California."
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which there will be an oppor-
tunity to object to its consideration.
The bill was read. It provides that the
county of Sierra be transferred from the Sacra-
mento land district to the Marysville laud dis-
trict, and the county of Mendocino be trans
ferred from the Humboldt land district to the
San Erancisco land district, as near as may be
by township lines.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 35-3) was introduced, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN. I rise to a point of order.
When objections are called for by the Chair any
member of the House has a right to a sufficient
time to make objection. I rose immediately
after the gentleman from California [Mr. Joip-
i son] had his bill read and desired to ask him
' whether that bill met with the concurrence of
! the delegation from California. I have not had
an opportunity to examine it.
I Mr. JOHNSON. It met with the entire
approval of the delegation from California, both
in the House and Senate, and is an exact copy
1 of & bill that was considered favorably by the
■ Committee on the Public Xi&ndSj cxcept ttldt
' Nevada county is stricken out.
