1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
so rejected shall not be any part pf said constitution:
And provided further. That sections two and eleven
and seventeen of article six be so changed as to re-
quire the supreme and circuit judges and chancellors
in said State of Mississippi to be elected by the elect-
ors therein who have the Qualifications requisite to
vote for Governor thereof
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in order to
establish a civil government, as required by the act
of Congress approved March 2, 1867, and tho acts
supplementary thereto, an election shall be held at
the same times and places at which the constitution is
submitted lor ratification for all State officers, includ-
ing members of the Legislatures and judges of the
supreme and circuit courts, and chancellors, and for
Representatives in Congress, at which election the
electors who are registered as aforesaid shall vote,
and none other; which election shall be held by the
same officers who hold the election for or against the
ratification of the constitution. The returns of said
election shall all be forwarded to the general com-
manding said military districtwithin threedays after
theeloseof thepollsin such manner as he may diiect;
and the votes shall be counted in the presence of the
committee of five appointed by the convention
which framed the constitution, or such of them as
may attend for that purpose at the place designated
by said commanding general, who shall make procla-
mation of the result of all elections held by virtue
of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if said con-
stitution shall be ratified by the election herein pro-
vided for, the Legislature provided for in said con-
stitution and elected in pursuance of the provisions
of this act shall hold its first session in the capitol
of said State, in the city of Jackson, on tho sceond
Monday after the official promulgation of the rati-
fication of said constitution; and the first term of all
civil officers elected at the same time this constitu-
tion is submitted for ratification or rejection shall
commence on the second Monday after their election
shall have been officially promulgated, and shall
continue to hold from said time until the expiration
of the first full term succeeding said election.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That should sec-
tions three and five of article seven of said constitu-
tion, or either of them, be rejected by the voters of
Skid State of Mississippi, then the oaths prescribed
in said constitution for officers of said State shall be
modified accordingly.
Sue. 5. And be it further enacted. That tho said
officer so commanding the district of Mississippi as
aforesaid shall cause the registration of voters liere-
totore made in said State to be revised and the lists
corrected by adding thereto the names of persons
qualified to vote in the several voting districts under
the reconstruction acts of Congress, and diopping
from the lists the name? of persons who arenot qual-
ified voters in the several election districts, and uiay
for that purpose appoint such registrars as may be
necessary to carry into effect the provisions ot this
section.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will be observed
that the substitute which I have offered for the
bill reported from the Committee on Recon-
struction is printed, with the exception of a
fifth section which I have added in relation to
revising and correcting the list of voters.
Now, let me state the points of difference
between my substitute and the bill of the com-
mittee. he bill of the committee, instead of
providing for a resubmission of the constitu-
tion to the people of Mississippi, with a sepa-
rate submission of the objectionable clauses
of that constitution, provides for a reassem-
bling of the old convention, and arming it
with power to revise, correct, changeit, or even
to make a new constitution, and submit that to
the people in such form as the convention may
see proper to prescribe.
The substitute which I have offered provides
for resubmitting the constitution which has
once been voted upon, the resubmission to be
made, under the supervision of the military
com mi nder of the district, to the vote of the
registered voters of that State, submitting for
separate votes the two sections which caused
the defeat of the constitution when it was sub-
mitted before. In that way a vote of the peo-
ple will be obtained directly for and against
those exceptionable and objectionable clauses.
If they vote in favor of those clauses, then, of
course, they will remain in the constitution,
and they will have the constitution entire as
framed by the convention. But if they vote
down those sections, then the constitution, with
the exception of those sections, will become
the supreme law of the State.
Now, it so happens that by taking out those
two sections of the constitution, to wit, sec-
tions three and five of article seven, the sym-
metry of the instrument is not disturbed.
Then the substitute provides that the oaths
specified in the constitution to be taken by the
officers of the Stale shall be modified accord-
ingly if those sections are left out. My bill
also provides that those sections of the consti-
tution which provide for the appointment of
the judges and chancellors of the State by the
Governor shall be so modified that those offi-
cers shall be elected by the qualified voters of
the State. These are all the changes which are-
proposed by my bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I find the following
provision m the substitute of the gentleman:
And provided further, That sections two and eleven
and seventeen of article six be so changed as to re-
quire the supveaie and circuit judges and chancel-
lorsinsaid State of Mississippi to be elected by tho
electors therein who have the qualifications requi-
site to vote lor Governor theieof.
I desire to inquire of the gentlemau whether
he proposes, if his substitute shall be adopted,
that the change he proposes shall operate ipso
facto as a part of the constitution of Missis-
sippi, or whether he proposes by his bill in
any mode that a constitutional provision shall
be made which shall accomplish the purpose
contemplated by the provision which I have
read ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose that the
substitute I have offered shall of itself modify
those sections of the constitution of the State
of Mississippi. Then the provision of my bill
so modifying that constitution becomes a part
of it, and is submitted to the people of the
State of Mississippi for their adoption or rejec-
tion. And if they ratify that provision, then
it will become a part of the constitution of
Mississippi by the act of the people of that
State.
Mr. LAWRENCE. The power to pass this
bill and to make this submission to the vote
of the people of Mississippi implies that we
ourselves have the power to make a constitu-
tion for them. 'Therefore, I submit to the gen-
tle man 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for
an argument. I do not think there is any sort
of doubt about tho right of Congress to sub-
mit parts of a constitution, or an entire consti-
tution, to the voters of a State not fully organ-
ized for their ratification or rejection.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly not; or to
make it without that submission.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, 11 is very likely that
we have the power to do that also. Hut I do
not propose that Congress shall make a con-
stitution for Mississippi. I hold that the right
is unquestioned in Congress to submit a con-
stitution to the voters of a Territory or a dis-
organized State, like Mississippi for ratification
or rejection. And when it shall bo so ratified
by the voters of such State, it is just as much
their own act and deed as if the constitution
had been made by a convention elected by the
voters of that State and then submitted to
and ratified by them. I do not think it worth
while to occupy the time of the House in dis-
cussing that proposition.
Now, what is the position of Mississippi?
We provided with reference to that State, as we
did with regard to the other disorganized and
recently rebellious States, that the voters regis-
tered in accordance with our laws might elect
a convention to frame a constitution and sub-
mit it to tho voters. That was done. At the
election held to decide whether that constitu-
tion should be adopted it was prima facie de-
feated by a majority of between seven and eight
thousand. It is contended on the one side that
it was unfairly defeated ; and on the other side
this is denied. I do not propose to stop to
debate that question. Prima facie the consti-
tution was voted down by more than seven
thousand majority of the voters of Mississippi
who were qualified to vote.
That convention after framing that constitu-
tion adjourned. It is to all intents and pur-
poses a defunct body. It i a functus officio. Its
members are scattered. I am told that at this
time there are probably from thirty to forty
vacancies among the members of that conven-
tion by reason of deaths, changes of residence,
and the like ; and it will be necessary in various
districts of the State to hold elections for the
choice of some thirty or forty new members of
the old convention which it is proposed to
revive by this bill. It is proposed not only to
revive this convention, whose work was disap-
proved by the people, but to arm it with power
to revise the constitution heretofore framed, or
to make a new one. It is proposed also to
endow the convention with the extraordinary
power of legislating for sixty days for the peo-
ple of the State of Mississippi, I know it is
said by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bctleii] that his bill authorizes the conven-
tion to pass only such ordinances as it may
deem necessary for the protection of ihe lives,
liberty, and property of the people. But I
would like to inquire whether those subjects do
not embrace almost every conceivable subject
of legislation? What is there about which we
legislate that does not concern either the prop-
erty, the liberty, or the hve3 of the people?
This bill authorizes that convention to occupy
its time for the space of sixty days in thus legis-
lating as it may see fit.
I am told that the convention that recently
adjourned in Texas—a convention that had not
this express authority from the Congress of
the LTnited States—passed ordinances to the
number of one hundred or more. What might
we not expect from this convention in Missis-
sippi—this old convention, this dead conven-
tion, thus resurrected and armed by Congress
with express authority to pass such ordinances
as it may deem proper? Why, sir, the entire
code of the State of Missouri was adopted by a
Legislature of the Territory of Kansas m less
than sixty days. Sixty days would suffice to
enable any Legislature or any convention in
any State to adopt an entire code of laws for
tho State. The brevity of the term by no means
interferes with the latitude of the legislation
which they would have before them. And 1
would suggest that if this convention is to be
armed with this extraordinary power to legis-
late for that State you had better not limit its
term to sixty days, give it time to mature and
digest its laws. The limitation will operate
rather to the detriment of the people; for
under the stress of a restricted term the con-
vention would be induced to crowd through
ordinances in a crude, undigested, and im-
proper shape.
The bill of the committee not only provides
that the convention may legislate, but it may
elect a governor of the Stale. It is said he
is to be a provisional governor. That is true ;
but he is to be, to all intents and purposes, a
governor, and not such a governor as we ordi-
narily have for our States, but a governor
clothed with authority to appoint all the officers
of the State—State officers, county officers,
township and precinct officers. The governor
elected by this convention is to appoint all the
officers of the State; and the convention in
the mean time is to pass all the laws for that
State—a defunct convention—a convention
whose acts have been disapproved by the quali-
fied voters of the State !
The bill provides more than this. It pro-
vides that the United States military authorities
of that district sballgive their aid to this pecu-
liar State authority which is thus organized.
It makes the military commander subordinate
to the civil governor, who shall be elected by
the convention, and makes it the duty of the
former—not in so many words, I grant, but in
substance—to obey the orders of the governor
thus elected, and to afford such assistance as
he may ask.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. May I ask the gen-
tleman a question ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. For what_purpo.se
is the aid of the military to be called in by the
governor ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For such a purpose
as the governor may indicate, of course. I lie
bill provides that he shall give aid in keeping
the peace, maintaining the laws, &c.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Preserving the poace.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Precisely. But. it
