1869.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. N1BLACK. According to the gentle-
man's explanation a suspension under this bill
amounts practically to a removal; but still
that will be a matter of construction; and it
occurs to me that there may be some doubt
about the question. I beg leave to ask the
gentleman why it would not have been better
to say "removal," and thus preclude all pos-
sibility of misconstruction?
Mr. BINGHAM. I answer the gentleman
that we were perfectly willing—at least I was
willing, and I believe all the members of the
committee were finally willing—to leave the
asserted power upon the statute-book, which
I submit stands with the Constitution. Sup-
pose that in the absence of any law upon the
subject the President should make a removal
in vacation, and should undertake afterward
to send to the Senate an appointment, assum-
ing, under the widest construction of the word
"happen," as it stands in the Constitution,
that the President may cause a '' vacancy to
happen" during the recess by a simple act of
removal; does it not stand written in the
Constitution that the commission of such an
officer shall expire at the end of the next ses-
sion ? Is it not equally clear, under the terms
of the Constitution, that when the commission
of such an officer expires "at the end of the
next session,'' the office then becomes vacant,
unless the Senate should in the mean time con-
cur in the appointment of a new officer? Does
it follow that there is any vacancy arising dur-
ing the recess afterward?
Mr. WOODWARD. Why did not the com-
mittee, instead of recognizing the principle of
suspension, follow the provision of the Con-
stitution ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is not important.
We are not going to fall out about words when
we agree as to the substance. What I want
the gentleman and his friends to understand
is that in this matter there is no room for con-
troversy among Republicans. Let me answer
the gentleman further, and say that we propose
to assert the right of the law-making power
under the Constitution of this country to regu-
late by law the manner in which the executive
functions of this Government, vested in the
President, shall be exercised.
Mr. WOODWARD. You cannot do it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I know the gentleman
holds that we cannot do it. But 1 wish him
to understand that the people of the United
States have settled this question by declaring
over and over again in these last years ot con-
troversy that their Executive is as much the
subject of law as every private citizen. On
this point is the difference between the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward]
and the Republican side of this House. W e
propose in this bill an assertion of the precise
mode and manner in which the President shall
exercise his executive functions over the officers
of this Government who are removable under
the Constitution. That is the principle in-
volved in this matter.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman state to the House the practical dif-
ference between the bill as now amended and
an absolute repeal of the tenure-of-office law?
Is there any difference practically?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not propose to enter
upon that discussion ; but the gentleman ought
to remember that there are several sections of
the tenure-of-office act which, under the bill as
now amended, will remain in full force. Among
others there are penal sections subjecting to
penalties persons who may exercise or attempt
to exercise the functions of office contrary to
the provisions of the law. That is all the
answer I need make on that point.
I come now to the second amendment. x>y
the third section of the tenure-of-office act it
is provided—
"That the President shall have power to fill all
vacancies which may happen durins the recess ot
the Senate, by reason ot death or resignation, by
granting commissions which shall expire at the ena
of their next session thereafter."
We propose in this report to insert after the
word "resignation" the words " or expiration
of term of office;'1 giving the President the
power to fill during the recess of the Senate
vacancies arising by reason of death or resig-
nation or expiration of term of office. In so
far we amend the third section of the tenure-
of-office act. The residue of the act stands
subject to these limitations.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment the amend-
ments agreed upon stand with what is the gen-
eral sense of the Republican members of this
House; and that being so, I trust they will
take the responsibility of accepting the report.
And now, Mr. Speaker, as to the suggested
obscurity of the measure. There will be no
difficulty in the world when the record is made
up in understanding precisely the extent to
which the tenure-of-office act of March 2, 18G7,
has been repealed and amended. The general
principle, however, of legislative poyer over
the mode and manner of suspending civil offi-
cers in this Government is still retained upon
the statute-book, where I suppose it will re-
main. I now return the floor to the chairman
of the committee of conference, thanking him
for his courtcsy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
endeavor to give my understanding of the report
of the committee in connection with the pro-
visions of the bill and the Constitution. It will
be observed that the Senate amendment pro-
vides for the suspension of au officer by the
President and the designation of some person
to fill his place till the end of the next session
of Congress. That is done in his discretion.
Then it further provides that the designated
officer shall have all the powers and emolu-
ments of the office. Then it further provides
that the Senate may vote first upon the nomina-
tion sent in by the President to fill the vacancy,
which shall be done within thirty days, and if
the Senate declines to agree to his nomination,
then the suspended officer may be reinstated,
and the President cannot put him out; for,
although he might suspend him again after the
end ot the session, yet I do not think that
would be within the spirit of the law, after a
vote of the Senate under the provision of the
amendment, which says there may be an affirm-'
ative vote on the suspension.
Now, the amendment agreed to by the com-
mittee of conference strikes out all that gives
the Senate power to reinstate a suspended
officer, but provides that where the Senate
refuse to concur in the nomination of a person
in the place of the suspended officer, thentho
President shall send in another nomination. |
This leaves the effect of the constitutional pro-
vision and of the other section of the act just
this: that if the President does not send in a
satisfactory nomination, then the place remains
vacant at the end of the session, precisely as
it is now under the Constitution, independent
of the tenure-of-office law, with the power in
the President to again suspend the objection-
able officer, if the construction is not as it is
claimed, that the office then is in abeyance, or
vacant, which is the same thing. _ _
In other words, as I understand this, it is
practically only the substitution of a power of
suspension instead of a power of removal with
all the effect of a power of removal, suppos-
ing the tenure-of-office law was not in exist-
ence. I should have preferred to have arrived
at the like result which this amendment does
by tlie shorter way of repealing the tenure-of-
office law, and I am free to say that I think
this amendment upon the question oi removal
and reinstatement of officers leaves the tenure-
of-office act as though it never had been passed
so far as the power of the President over the
executive officers is concerned.
The first section of the amendment to which
my attention is called by my colleague [Mr.
Banks] of course leaves the power over
removal in terms as it stands in the tenure bill.
But the second section substitutes the power
of suspension. The contest between the Sen-
ate and the House in that matter is upon the
I difference between the power of suspension and
>' the power of removal; suspension having m
effect all the incidents that removal has. That
is all the difference. In its practical workings
it is a difference in name in my judgment, and
upon a difference in name I think the two
Houses ought not to divide in a matter of this
importance. That is to say, the first section
says an officer shall not be removed without
the advice and consent of the Senate; but the
second section says he may be suspended and
another man put in his place, and in case the
other man is satisfactory to the Senate, then
the officer is removed and the substitute
becomes the officer j but in case the substitute
is not satisfactory to the Senate, then the place
becomes vacant and the officer is removed in
that way.
A Member. That operates as a removal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Practi-
cally that operates as a removal. I do not
think'—and every member, I apprehend, will
agree with me in that—the power of the Pres-
ident is changed from what it is under the
Constitution er the power of any officer to
hold on, as against the President. Just see
where he would have more power under the
Constitution. He has power to nominate an
officer in case of a vacancy while the Senate
is in session. They may or they may not con-
cur. Suppose they do not concur. The ses-
sion comes to an end and there is a vacancy.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman answer
a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am very
glad to answer any question.
Mr. LOGAN. As the bill now stands, with
the report of the committee of conference, is
not the difference between it and a repeal the
difference between tweedledee and tweedle-
dum—leaving four sections for the punishment
of men violating a law which does not exist?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Perhaps
I should not state it quite as broadly as the
gentleman does, but in practice I think the
difference is right the other way—between
tweedledum and tweedledee. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to ask my friend
from Massachusetts a question. _ Suppose the
President suspends an officer during the recess
of the Senate and afterward when the Senate
meets shall send in a nomination of a suc-
cessor and the Senate shall refuse to consent
to that nomination, will the suspended officer
perform the duties of the office between the
time when the Senate refuses to consent to
the nomination and the time when a second
nomination shall be made and confirmed by
the Senate?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He will
j not, for he is suspended till the end of the ses-
sion. While the session is in progress a nom-
| ination is made and concurred in or non-con-
curred in by the Senate. Ifconcurredin there
is an end of the matter. If non-concurred m
the officer is out at the end of the session, and
afterward a deputy performs the duties of the
office. , ,
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. The law proyides that an
officer may be suspended. Now, in case there
is no appointment before the end of the ses
sion of the Senate is it clear by the provisions
of the bill that the office will become vacant ? Is
there not something in the word " suspension"
which might imply that in case no appointment
was made at the end of the session the suspen-
sion would cease? I am not quite clear as to
that. , „ .
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. He is
suspended until the end of the next session
of the Senate, and in case the office is not
! filled then, the third section of the tenure-ol-
| office law comes in and says that the office in
the cases enumerated shall remain in abeyance
and that the chief deputy officer shall perform
the duties of the office. The amendment must
be read in connection with the law m order- to
understand it rightly. In legal
amendment admits the power of the Senate
over removals. It substitutes suspension for
removal, but th* practical effect of suspension
is the same as removal.
