406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 31,
andcr H. Jones, Judci, Kelsey, Knapp. Laflin, Lash,
Logan, Lynch, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, Mercur, Bliakim H. Moore, Jesse H. Moore,
William Moore, Daniel J. MorreJl, Samuel P. Mor-
rill O'Neill, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer. Peters,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sohenck, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, John A.
Smith. William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes,Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe-Tan-
lier, Tillman, Twichell, Tyncr, Upson, Van Horn,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wolker, Wheeler, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans, and Witeher—-108. _ „ , _
NAY S—Messrs. Archer, Axtel I, Beatty, Beck, B en-
ton, Biggs, Bird, Boyd, Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Clarke,
Cleveland, Crebs, Davis, Dewecse, Dickinson, Eld-
ridge, Ferry, Getz, G-olladay, Griswold, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hamill. Hawkins.Hoag,Hoar, Holman,
Johnson, Thomas L, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick, MeNeely,
MoiFet, Morgan, Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Poland,
Potter, Randall, Reading. Reeves, Rice, Rogers,
Schumaker, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles,
Stone. Swann, Sweeney,Trimble, VanAuken, Voov-
hoes, Wells, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willard, Eu-
gene M. Wilson, Wood, and Woodward—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Adams, Benjamin. Dtckey,
Dyer, Farnsworth, Fox, Greene, Haight, Hamilton,
llotchkiss, Kelley, Ketcham. Knott, Lawrence. Mor-
rissey. Negley, Joseph S. Smith, Strader, Townsend,
Van Trump, and Winchester—21.
So the report was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. THIMBLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Knott, was still confined to his room, and
that if present he would have voted in the
negative.
Mr. STEVENS stated that Mr. Ketcham
and Mr. Haight were paired on this ques-
tion.
Mr. LAWRENCE, not being within the bar
before the call of the roll was finished, asked
leave to vote.
The SPEAKER stated that consent could
not be granted.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
constitutionality op laws.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 353) to test the
constitutionality of questionable acts of Con-
gress ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
and ordered to be printed.
contested election—hunt vs. sheldon.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am directed by the
Committee of Elections, in the case of Hunt
againstSheldon, from the second congressional
district of Louisiana, to submit a report, con-
cluding with the following resolution :
Resolved, That Lionel Allan Sheldon, claiming the
right to represent the second congressional district
of Louisiana in the House of Representatives of the
United States, be admitted to a seat in this House
without prejudice to the right of any person to con-
test said seat according to law.
I shall move that it be laid on the table
and ordered to be printed, giving notice at the
same time that I shall call it up on Friday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURR. I rise to a privileged question,
and as a member of the Committee of Elec-
tions I desire to state in behalf of the minority
that we ask the privilege of presenting a sep-
arate report, to be laid on the table and
printed with the majority report. We have
not the minority report now ready, but it will
be prepared before the case comes on for a
final hearing.
Mr. STEVENSON. The majority have no
objection to that.
The SPEAKER. Thatisnot a question of
privilege. Minorities are not recognized ex-
cept by courtesy.
Mr. BURR. We have found that out lone
ago. ■
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that privilege be
recorded to the minority.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
that the minority report, when filed, shall be
laid on the table and printed with the majority
report.
removal oe political disabilities.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill to remove political
disabilities from certain persons, in order that
it may be referred to the Committee on Recon-
struction and ordered to be printed.
Mr. "VVOOD. I object.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 354)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal years ending June
30, 1869, and June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes ; which was read, a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish it to be distinctly
understood that I reserve all points of order
on that bill.
Mr. DAWES. I move the bill be made the
special order in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for two o'clock to-mor-
row, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to making it a
special order.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by a
majority vote.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
60, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.,
permission to testify.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 355)
allowing parties in certain cases to testify;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ItEMOYAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Reconstruction to
report a bill (H. R. No. 356) for the removal
of disabilities of loyal citizens.
Mr. BROOKS. To whom does the gentle-
men refer as loyal citizens ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
the gentleman from New York will not object,
as it provides a general system for the removal
of political disabilities.
Mr. BROOKS. Does it include all?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Of course
it includes all. '
There was no objection; and the bill was
received, read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
ROBERT C. MAY.
On motion of Mr. WARD, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the case of Robert C. May.
ABSENTEE SHAWNEE LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table Senate joint
resolution No. 8, for the relief of settlers upon
the absentee Shawnee lands in Kansas. It is
of a local character, and can give rise to no i
debate.
Objection was made.
reconstruction—mississippi.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regular
order of business.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 147) to provide for the organization of a
provisional government for the State of Missis-
sippi, reported from the Committee on Recon-
struction, and upon which Mr. Dawes was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to occupy the
attention of the House for a great while on the
subject of this provisional government of the
State of Mississippi, but having participated
in all the legislation and action of the House 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
yield to me I will move that the House adjourn,
so that he can make his speech in the morning.
Mr. DAWES. I shall not interpose objec-
tion if that be the wish of the House. 1 have no
choice myself in the dispatchof public business.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to say what I
have to say now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me to make the motion to adjourn ?
Mr. DAWES. As it seems not to be the
wish of the House to adjourn at this time, I
must decline to yield for that motion.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to offer a few remarks
on the pending question, because I have par-
ticipated in all the legislation which has had
for its object what is without doubt the design
of the bill before the House; and I have to
say, sir, what I do not suppose any gentleman
will controvert, that of all problems precip-
itated upon the country by the rebellion none
has been found more difficult of solution than
that which has for its purpose the restoration
of those States to their former relation to the
General Government. I remember in the extra
session of Congress in July, 1861, when John
C. Breckinridge was at the other end of the
Capitol, under the sanction of his oath to de-
fend the Constitution of the United States
plotting treason for its overthrow, to have
heard him put an interrogatory to a Senator
upon the floor, " Suppose you conquer those
States, what then?" I was not satisfied with
the answer. I had no theory at that time, and
no one had any precedent upon which to fall
back for the solution of the question. Every-
one was left to his own judgment and his own
reasoning and conviction to find out for him-
self his own solution. If you will go back
through the history of the legislation touching
these States you will find every variety of
attempt to work out a solution of that great
problem.
Now that the rebellion has been put down,
and we have attempts atgovernments in those
States according to the theory of our Constitu-
tion, which is built upon the fundamental car-
dinal doctrine that by the consent of the gov-
erned, and by that consent alone, can any form
of government exist under the Constitution of
the United States, you will see at once the
growth of opinion, the change of opinion, and
the natural consequence of diversity of opin-
ions on these subjects. So long ago as when
the armies of the United States took New Or-
leans, in May, 1862, there followed the first
attempt to bring into Congress from the two
districts constituting New Orleans representa-
tion on this floor; and then after long and earnest
discussion of what were the principles upon
which those States could be brought anew into
their proper and old relations to the Union, it
was decided by a large and controlling majority
of the House of Representatives that when-
ever a single congressional district could be so
far rescued from the possession and control of
the enemy that an election could be held in
such entire district of the State, that the House
of Representatives could determine there was
left no rebel control in such part of it as could
by any possibility have caused a different result,
it was the duty of Congress to admit represent-
ation through such expression of public opin-
ion from each single congressional district, one
way or the other.
' And following the decision of the Supreme
Court in the case of Luther vs. Borden, the act
of admission to representation upon the floor
of the House was the recognition of the repub-
lican character of the government under which
that election was held. It was so in the case
of Hahn and Flanders, from Louisiana, and it
was so in the case of Tennessee. One solitary
representative in the other end of the Capitol
and one here represented the State of Ten-
nessee ; while the whole of the territory cut-
