408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 31,
allude in a .moment—certainly are now for the
first time introduced, making one among the
thousand schemes by which to hurry a State,
whether it will or will not, whether it be fit or
be not, into the position of setting up a govern-
ment in itself, and before it has understood the
first principle of obeying the law of the land ?
Why, if life and property are safer under mili-
tary government in Mississippi than they have
been in the State of Georgia, under all the
patriotic efforts of my friend at my right [Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts] and his associates
to lift it up above its inherent and innate trea-
sonable propensities—why, in the face of this
example, even if we had the best bill possible
before us, make such haste to set up any other
form of government there ? Let them come of
their own accord when they do come. Let
them -wait till the scales fall from their eyes,
and they see the true path of duty and do works
meet for repentance.
These, Mr. Speaker, are some of the rea-
sons why I am myself, without looking at this
bill, since we have a military arm sufficiently
strong, a military head sufficiently clear, and
a military heart as true to the pulsations of
patriotism as the needle is to the pole, in favor
of giving that military system a fair field to
work oat its legitimate fruits and of saying to
these people, as was said by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] "You took your
own time to pull down your old governments;
when they are built up again upon God's true
foundation, so that we can measure and sound
and test them, we will welcome you to these
Halls; then we will throw the protection of
the Constitution around your governments nnd
see to it that hereafter you shall never have the
opportunity to try the experiment over again.''
But, sir, if I look at the measure itself 1
am more earnest than otherwise that the bill
should be postponed till the next session of
Congress. It proposes in substance to resus-
citate and breathe anew the breath of life into
that constitutional convention which by com-
mon consent of thepeople of Mississippi became
functus officio.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg
pardon ; I think the gentleman is mistaken, 1
have heard that said once or twice, and I want
to put the gentleman right. I know he would
not be wrong intentionally. The convention
sent a constitution to the people. By force
and by fraud that constitution did not receive
a_ majority of the votes. The convention pro-
vided for its reassembly, and General G-iifem,
whom Andrew Johnson sent down to Tennes-
see to oppress the people of Mississippi, ordered
the convention not to reassemble.
Mr. DAWES. I am not here to defend the
mode which Andrew Johnson took to admin-
ister the military law. It is because he ceases
to be President that my faith and hope revive.
I said that this convention had by the common
consent of the people become fundus officio.
I know that the convention itself went through j
with the form of perpetuating itself. In 1853
a convention assembled in Massachusetts to
make a constitution for that State, and its
labors, splendid and magnificent as they were
I doubt not, were rejected by the people of the
State._ Now, that convention might resolve
itself into life again to-day with as much pro- j
priety and with as little shocking of the gen-
eral understanding of the people as to what is
meant by its functions and its duty and its
work which it submitted for approval, as this
convention in Mississippi. Therefore it was
that I said, notunguasdedly, that this convention
by common consent of the people had become
fundus officio. Thirty of its members, I under-
stand, ei.hcr in the course of nature or other-
wise, have closed their official life. Some of
them have gone to their final account.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, by
the bullets of rebels.
Mr. DAWES. By the bullets of rebels ;
and does my friend think (he bullets of rebels
that took off these members of the convention
are any argument to my mind why the military
arm should be withdrawn from such a people?
Does he tell me that murders are committed
there every day and hope to convince me that
that is not the very reason why General Grant
should send a faithful commander there to hold
beneath the terror of the military arm the
assassin, the traitor, and the fell destroyer of
human rights and human virtue? These are
the arguments which I would impress upon this
House as the reasons why it should not with-
draw the military arm and undertake to set up
and put the functions of government into the
hands of this dead body. I attempted in the
early part of my remarks to show that when
these people come to be in their right minds
they will send to such a body as this men who
have the interests of the State at heart; there
will be no occasion to lay against them the
reproachful charges which are brought, whether
rightly or wrongly, against this convention, and
about which I have nothing myself to say. My
colleague, in such a state of things, proposes
to fill up thirty vacant places in this conven-
tion and then to clothe the convention with
the power of appointment of a provisional
governor for the State of Mississippi, with cer-
tain functions and powers. I ask him to listen
to a clause in the Constitution which I have no
doubt is already in his mind. The Constitu-
tion provides that appointments to office shall
be in one of two ways. One is by the Pres-
ident himself, and the other is by clothing
one of three departments with the power of
appointment. This is the language of the
Constitution:
" But the Congress may by law vest the appoint-
ment of such inferior officers as they think proper in
tho President alone, in the courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments."
Nowhere else do I find it within the power
of Congress to lodge the appointment of an
officer authorized and created by a statute of
the United States so that he becomes an offi-
cer of the United States. But if there were
no constitutional objection I want to know why
take this appointment from the President of the
United States,who is held responsible under the
Constitution for the execution of this very law
and all others in the State of Mississippi, and
put it in a convention over which you have no
other control than that of the military arm, and
about whose character, with thirty vacancies
to be filled up, you can form in advance no
sort of judgment? Why, you might clothe this
convention, in the midst of treasonable prac-
tices and treasonable designs, and plots and
lawless riots and murder, with the power of
puXing whatever executive authority there is
in the State in the hands of a man of their
own choice 1 I would as soon leave the choice
of a warden of the State prison at Charlestow*
to the election of the convicts themselves.
These, Mr. Speaker, are in my poor way,
some of the reasons to my mind why I think
we had better postpone this matter till next
session. I feel that life will be safer down there I
under that mode of treatment than in any i
other. I feel that all the evidences that come J
up from these States go to show that human '
rights will be protected and guarded and made '
secure more effectually thus than by any other
method within our power to devise at this time.
I believe that if ever the germ of a true, honest,
earnest republican government shall take root
in that soil and grow to full fruition, it is more
likely to do so while the strong arm of the Gov- 1
ernment shall hold the violent passions and the
tumultuous and angry strifes and conflicts in
those States in subjection, and calmness and
repentance shall have full and free play for the
exercise of their legitimate functions. |
I admit that there is room for diversity of J
opinion. I have striven to show that there j
have been many different ideas and opinions j
upon this subject. I do not think it is possible j
for us to bring the whole House or any con- i
siderable majority of this House to anyparticu- I
lar mode of legislation at this time. And in
this diversity of opinion, in this uncertainty
and doubt, I think it is better for us—
"Tobear those ills wo have.
Than fly to others that we know not of."
Mr. Ward obtained the floor.
_ Mr._ DAWES. If I have any time left I will
yield it to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has five
minutes of his hour remaining. ,
Mr. MAYNARD. If I could have had the
opportunity I would have been glad to submit
some remarks on this bill. But I cannot say
what I wish in the limited time that remains
of the hour of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes.] I will therefore yield in
favor of the gentleman from New York, TMr.
Ward.] ' l
Mr. WARD. I suppose, Mr. Speaker, that
I can now take the floor in my own right, and
hold it for an hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
entitled to the floor for an hour.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Warp] yield to have a bill
taken from the Speaker's table and referred
aud printed ?
Mr. WARD. I will do so, if I do not thereby
lose my right to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
recognized as entitled to the floor when the
consideration of this subject shall be again
resumed.
Mr. Lawrence obtained leave to print some
remarks be had prepared upon the pending
bill. [See Appendix.]
amendment of currency act.
Mr. GARFIELD. A bill has come over
from the Senate in regard to a redistribution
of the national bank circulation. I ask unani-
mous consent that it be now taken from the
Speaker's table andreferred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency. I also ask that it
may be printed as it passed the Senate, in order
that members may see what the bill new con-
tains, as some amendments have been made to
it since it was printed by order of the Senate.
No objection was made.
Accordingly, Senate bill No. 43, supplement-
ary^ an act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message mom the senate
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gos-
iia5i, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagree
ing votes of the two Houses upon House bill
No. 3, to repeal an act regulating the tenure of
office of certain civil offices.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, a joint resolution of the House, No.
G5, to facilitate the construction of the custom-
house at Bangor, Maine.
pay op enlisted men.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table Seriate
joint resolution No. 42, and have it put upon
its passage at this time. I do not think any
gentleman will object to it, if he will hear it
read.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read, after which it wiil be considered, if
there be no objection.
Accordingly the joint resolution (S. It. No.
42) respecting the pay and allowances of en-
listed men of the Army was real. It provides
that the pay and allowances of the enlisted
men of the Army shall remain as now fixed by
law until the 30th of June, 1870.
No objection being made, the joint resolu-
