410
THE~ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
aAion, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims; -which was agreed to :
A bill (S. No.' 39) for the relief of Anson
B. Saurs;
A bill (S. No. 217) for the relief of James
A. Way-mire, of Oregon, second lieutenant
first United States cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 46) for the relief of Sam-
uel H. Moore, late a private in company G,
fifty-seventh regiment Ohio veteran volunteer
infantry;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 45) for the
relief of John M. Broome and others, the band
of the twelfth Kentucky infantry ;
A joint resolution- (S. R. No. 50) for the
relief of John Montgomery:
The petition of William H. Gould, praying
the payment of $100 bounty; and
The petition of James 0. Caruthers, praying
arrears of pay.
He also, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 10) directing the Secretary of
War to sell Bergen Heights arsenal, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
216) to establish the office of solicitor and
naval judge advocate general, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 115) relating to telegraphic communi-
cation between the United States and foreign
countries, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the European
and North American Railway Company, pray-
ing aid in the construction of a railroad from
Bangor, Maine, to the eastern boundary of
said State, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 232) to refund to the States of
Massachusetts and Maine interest paid by them
on advances to the United States, and to pro-
vide for the defense of the northeastern fron-
tier. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently moved to print
one thousand additional copies of the report;
which motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S; No. 124) granting lands in the State of
Minnesota to aid in constructing a railroad
from Lake Superior to Vermillion Lake, in
said State, reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to ask that that committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of R. B. Williamson, and to
move that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 4) requiring parties desiring
toberelieved from political disabilities to make
application to Congress in writing over their
own signatures, setting forth the grounds upon
which relief is asked, which shall be sworn to,
to report it back with an amendment, and to
ask for its consideration at the present time.
I think it will take but little more time than
will be required to read the resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which provides that
hereafter applications for relief from political
disabilities arising under the fourteenth article
of the Constitution of the United States shall
not be considered unless the party asking there-
for shall make application to Congress, in
writing over his own signature, in which he
shall set forth the grounds upon which he asks j
to be relieved, which application shall be
sworn to. I
The Committee on Disabilities reported the
resolution with an amendment, to strike out in
line three the word "applications," and to in-
sert " petitions," and to strike out all of the
resolution after the word " States " in the fifth
line and to insert:
Or any act of Congress, which shall be accom-
panied by the sworn statement of the petitioner ask-
ing therefor, which shall set forth the reasons upon
which he asks to be relieved.
So that the resolution will read :
Resolved, &c„ That hereafter petitions for relief
from political disabilities arising under the four-
teenth article of the Constitution of the United States
or any act of Congress shall be accompanied by the
sworn statement of the petitioner asking therefor,
which shall set forth the reasons upon which he asks
to be relieved.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator from
Maine if that is intended to apply to the appli-
cations now before Congress ?
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator had care-
fully looked at the language ho would see that
it says " hereafter." It does not apply to those
pending, but applies to those to be presented
hereafter.
Mr. WARNER. I did not know but that the
word "hereafter" would apply to the applica-
tions nov.'pending, because Congress has taken
no action upon them. We now have a num-
ber of petitions before us asking for the re-
moval of disabilities. I understand, then, it
is not to apply to those now pending.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the understanding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment reported by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I beg to suggest to the
Senator who has this resolution iu charge to
change the phraseology " over his own signa-
ture." I ask the Secretary to read the portion
I referred to.
Mr. HAMLIN. "Under" is the proper
word.
Mr. CONKLING. "Under" would be
better, if it is used at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that modification will be made.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curredin. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed. The title was amended
so as to read: "A joint resolution requiring par-
ties desiring to be relieved from political dis-
abilities to make application to Congress in
writing, under their own signatures, setting
forth the grounds upon which relief is asked,
which shall be sworn to.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said:
The Chair desires to state that the joint reso-
lution passed to-day on the report of the Com-
mittee on Disabilities reads, "Petitions for
relief from political disabilities under the four-
teenth article of the Constitution of the United
States." If there be no objection the words
" of amendments" will be inserted after the
word "article." This has been suggested by
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin-,] who
reported the resolution.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution lor the printing of extra copies of
the report of the Commissioner of Agriculture,
to report back a concurrent resolution on that
subject; and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by theSenate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there bu printed twenty thou-
sand extra copies of the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture for the use of the Senate,
one hundred and eighty thousand copies of the same
for the use of the House, and twenty-three thousand
copies of the same for distribution by the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture.
LAND OI'FIOE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution to print addi-
tional copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, have in-
structed me to report the following concurrent
resolution:
_ Resolved it/ the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed five thou-
sand extra copies of the annual report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office for 1868 (without
illustrations or maps, except the connected maps of
the United States,) for the use of the Senate, fifteen
thousand copies of thesamefor the use of theHouse,
and two thousand copies of the same for distribution
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
I shall not ask for the present consideration
of this resolution, as there are a number of
Senators, some of whom I do not see in their
seats, who desire to be present when it is acted
on. Some of the western Senators are ex-
ceedingly anxious that the report should be
accompanied by maps, which are very expens-
ive, and although the committee have no doubt
of their value, they do not feel authorized in
the present condition of the Treasury to report
in favor of so large an expenditure. There-
fore the committee have reported the resolu-
tion without including the maps; and I give
notice that I shall call it up very soon in order
to have it disposed of.
BREVET APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 53) relating to certain brevet
appointments, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it pass; and I ask for its imme-
diate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It provides that the
provisions of the second section of the act
entitled "An act to amend the act of April 10,
1806, for establishing rules and articles for the
government of the armies of the U nited States,"
approved March 1, 1869, shall not be held to
embrace officers who were confirmed by the
Senate for brevet appointments on the 3d day
of March, 1869.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope that resolution will
be explained. I should like to know what it
means.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that the com-
mittee reported these names; but we passed a
bill, which was signed on the 1st day of
Marok 
Mr. GRIMES. What names ?
Mr. WILSON. We reported a large num-
ber of brevets and we passed a bill forbidding
brevets hereafter. That bill was signed on the
1st of March, as it now turns out, and all the
subsequent confirmations fall. If it had been
signed on the 3d of March, as we supposed at
the time it would be, it would not have affected
them. I think it right that we should pass this
resolution, in order to carry out the intentions
of the committee, and, I think, of Congress.
It will he remembered that we were unable to
do much in regard to confirmations at the last
session, owing to the fact that we had before
us the names of one or two gentlemen that
stood in the way of action on other cases.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move to take up for con-
sideration the motion made by the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] some days since,
to reconsider the motion by which House bill
No. 124, to declare and fix the status of judge
advocates of the Army, was postponed indefi-
nitely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion can-
not be entertained except by unanimous con-
sent during the morning hour.
Mr. ABBOTT. Then I ask unanimous
consent.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that had better
not be considered now.
GUARDIANS FOR INDIAN CJIILDREN-
Mr. ROSS. _ I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 34) Authorizing
