1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
the "Washington superintendency are employed
not only in Washington Territory, but in Idaho
and Montana also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, if the Senator
from Iowa will strike out the repetition of
"three agents for the tribes in the Territory
of Washington," in the first part of the bill, and
insert instead of it "two sub-agents for the
Territory of Washington," I shall make no
objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. That would leave the same
deficiency of force precisely. This number is
necessary for the tribes; they are not dupli-
cated in any single case; they are needed for
the service. If the Senator desires to leave a
tribe without an agent and the Senate is dis-
posed to follow him, be it so.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would suggest to the
Setaator from Maine that the better course
would be to incorporate in the bill the state-
ment of agents and sub-agents as reported by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in the
report to which the Senator has referred. This
difficulty evidently grows out of the fact that
the phraseology of the old law has been pre-
served year after year without respect to the
changes in the Territories that have occurred
out there. Idaho was a part of Washington
Territory, and it has been separated from \Vash-
ington Territory and organized into a separate
Territory, but the law has not been changed in
conformity with these territorial organizations.
Now, I would suggest that provision be made
for the Territory of Washington according to
the description in the report the Senator has in
his hands, and also for Idaho and Montana
according to the description in that report.
That will provide for all these agencies just as
they are now employed, and I suppose there is
no doubt about their necessity. That would
obviate the difficulty, as it seems to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend
from Iowa to look at the list as contained in
the report referred to as received from the De-
partment, and arrange the matter according to
that list. By looking over the report he will
see precisely how it stands. My own opinion
is that the repetition of " three for the tribes
of Washington Territory" is a mistake in the
original draft of the bill which we overlooked.
It was not intended to appoint six agents in
Washington Territory, for there are but three.
The Senator will see that there is some error
about it. I only wiah to have the matter set
right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maine, as he has
suggested that there was possibly a misprint,
thai the Chair has sent for the Indian appropria-
tion bi 11 of the third session of the last Congress,
which has the expression " three for the tribes
in Washington Territory " repeated twice, ex-
actly in the same connection as in this bill.
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make no further
debate upon it. I wish the Senator would
change it and provide for three sub-agents in
Oregon, and that will make the exact number
there is now.
Mr. CORBETT. I think one of the agents,
as stated by the Senator from Iowa, is in ser-
vice in one of the other Territories, and if he
agrees to the suggestion of the Senator from
Maine, will it not leave one of these agencies
without a sub-agent?
Mr. HARLAN. I have understood from
the chief clerk of the Indian Bureau that there
is an existing vacancy in Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. It has just been filled, I
think—the Grande Ronde agency.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would leave it as
it stands on the list, three.
Mr. CORBETT. There are four full agents
in Oregon in service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And two sub-agents.
Mr. CORBETT. And two sub agents. I
suppose the other is in service in one of the
other Territories, as suggested by the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand the Senator
is right in point of fact; but probably that sub-
agent may be dispensed with, as it is contem-
plated to concentrate a couple of the tribes.
If that concentration should take place, then
it will not be necessary to have that sub-agency
filled; and in that view of the case I am will-
ing to acquiesce in the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. CORBETT. Can we do that until they
are concentrated ? They are located there now,
and until there is an appropriation made to
move them to the other reservation the agent
certainly cannot be dispensed with. It would
leave them without an agent of any kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN As the Indian depart-
ment think he can be dispensed with we had
better try it.
Mr. CORBETT. We ought to have an
appropriation to remove the Indians if that is
the case
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs whether the agents named in this bill
are the only agents recognized or intended to
be recognized by the Government?
Mr. HARLAN. Sub-agents are provided
for the same as regular agents.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask whether the commit-
tee have taken into consideration the propriety
of giving the Sisseton and Wahpelon Sioux two
agents? One is provided for in the bill, but
their treaty of 1867 contemplates two—one at
the Lake Traverse agency and the other at the
Devil's Lake agency.
Mr. HARLAN. The committee have not
directed me to report an amendment of that
kind. I would prefer, if itsuited the Senator's
convenience as well, to be permitted to pro-
ceed with the amendments that the committee
have instructed me to offer.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line sixty-
two :
Eor pay of temporary clerks to superintendents,
$5,000.
I will state in explanation that this is the
usual appropriation for what are called tempo-
rary clerks of superintendents. There are
some of the superintendents who have clerks
assigned them under the law with a fixed sal-
ary. The others have not; and this appropri-
ation is estimated for and has heretofore been
made regularly from year to year to pay for the
necessary clerk hire for the other superin-
tendents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
House of Representatives seemed disposed to
economize in that particular, to let the super-
intendents who are not assigned clerks by law
do their own clerking; and the Committee on
Appropriations concurred in that view. It is
a mere matter of judgment. I do not see why
they cannot do it.
Mr. HARLAN. The necessity of having
some one to assist the superintendent grows
out of the fact that the superintendent must
necessarily in the discharge of his duties fre-
quently be away from his office, and it is neces-
sary that some one should be there, as the
agents are reporting from time to time, and
more necessary from the fact that the Indians
come in from day to day to gain information
from the superintendent in relation to their
business
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we shall only
have a collision with the other House on the
subject if we make this appropriation. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer this amend-
ment, to come in the appropriations for the
Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandaus, after
line ninety-six:
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the first of payments to bo made
during the pleasure of Congress, to be expended for
such useful goods, provisions, and other articles as
the President from time to time mav determine, &o.,
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1868, $20,114 70.
The explanation of this may be stated in a
few words. When the peace commission were
up on the Missouri river, negotiating with the
Indians that had been at war with the United
States, they drew for and received and used up
for the support of the Indians with whom they
were negotiating money that had been pre-
viously appropriated for these Ind ans, promis-
ing them that it should be restored to them
out of a future appropriation ; and it is to fulfill
that agreement made by tbe peace commission
with the Indians. I may state, also, that they
are a very interesting people. It is believed
that they were Scotchmen originally. They
are Indians with red hair and blue eyes, and
it is supposed that they are white people who
emigrated to that country a number of years
since and commingled with the Indian tribes
and have acquired their name.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire of the
Senator if this applies to the tribe called Arick-
arees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans. I under-
stand, from the place where it is proposed to
be inserted, that it is applicable to those tribes. .
Mr. HARLAN. Itappliesto those Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, the Senator will
allow me to call his attention to one fact, which
is a striking one, in regard to those tribes, and
the.one named just before in the bill. There
is absolutely no treaty with the Assinaboines
and Arickarees, although the provision as to
the former is "for third of twenty payments
to be made during the pleasure of Congress, to
be expended at the discretion of the President
in such articles, goods, and provisions as he
may from time to time determine." This is
said to be the third of twenty payments, and
yet there is no treaty whatever, as 1 am told,
that has ever been confirmed by the Senate
with either of these tribes providing for such
payments, but we have gone on making these
provisions.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is entirely
right ; there is no treaty that has been ratified
with these Indians.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have heretofore
made these appropriations, then, for the first
and second payments as if there was a treaty,
although none existed.
Mr. HARLAN. The explanation of that is
easily made. These first appropriations occurred
when I was not a member of the Senate. I
believe. A treaty had been negotiated with
these Indians making provision for these sev-
eral payments. When the treaty came up for
consideration in the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as I have been told, an outbreak had
occurred involving a part of these Indians, and
it was thought by the Indian Committee not
advisable to ask the Senate to ratify the treaty
at that time, but to ask Congress to make the
appropriation which tbe treaty contemplated;
so that if the Indians were not actually involved
in the war, and had not thereby forfeited their
right to the money provided for in the treat.y
which had been negotiated and signed by the
Indians and by the Government, if they were
not at fault in relation to this outbreak, they
should receive the money that the Government
had agreed by its commissioners to pay them ;
but if it should turn out, on inquiry, that they
were not entitled to it, the money would not be
paid. The first appropriation was made in that
way, and, as I understand, under the direction
of the peace commissioners was paid to them,
and since then appropriations have been made
for the same reason ; that the Indians have been
abiding by the agreement, are complying with
its terms, and, so far as they are concerned, itre
entitled to the money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did we get any grant
of land under these treaties?
Mr. HA.KLAN. AU we acquire under the
name of a grant of land in that part of the
country I do not think amounts to much, for
the Indians are all roving Indians, find if one
