416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
band did give up their right to rove it would
be occupied in that way by other bands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will call the Senator's
attention to another thing. He calls this a
deficiency. The amendnaent reads, " for this
amount, to supply a deficiency in the appropri-
ation for the first of payments," &c. There
were several provisions of this sort at the other
end of the bill which were struck out by the
Committee on Appropriations; and why? Be-
cause there was no deficiency; the whole
amount of payment provided for by these trea-
ties was appropriated by Congress and used;
so that this, instead of being a deficiency which
we ought to meet under any obligation, is
nothing more nor less than a gift of so much.
Now, I should like to know why, in addition
to paying what a treaty not ratified, which
trever has been ratified, obliges us to pay, we
should, under the name of a deficiency, pay
them more money, when we have paid the
whole amount that the treaty compelled us to
pay? The Senator will find, in looking at the
appropriation of two years ago, although his
amendment speaks of supplying a deficiency,
that the whole amount of the payment was
appropriated for and has been used. VV hat is
the explanation of that?
Mr. HARLAN. I attempted to explain that
a minute since, in the first observations that I
submitted. First, as to the phraseology of the
amendmentthat may not be most happy. The
committee have followed, however, the phrase-
ology of the estimate made by the department.
In the next place I ought to remark, perhaps,
that this is the only one that the Committee on
Indian Affairs propose to offer of those amend-
ments to which the Senator has referred.
They believe that the others may be dispensed
with, and will not ask the Senate to put them
on as amendments; but this one they think
ought to be pm on from a consideration of the
character of the Indians themselves and their
perfect fidelity to the agieement they make.
Although the treaty was not ratified, and it is
riot the law of the land and it does not bind
anybody in point of law, yet the Indians are
not aware of that. They can hardly compre-
hend that it is necessary that it should be form-
ally ratified here, and are abiding by it and
are keeping faith with the Government, under
that agreement. The reason for making the
appropriation now is that the money was used
by the peace commission in a different way
from that contemplated ill the treaty that was
negotiated with these Indians and signed by
them and the commissioners; and the peace
commissioners promised them that it should
be restored to them afterward. The Com-
mittee oil Indian Affairs thought that it would
be wise for the Government to keep faith with
them, to carry out this agreement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 would suggest
to my friend, because an estimate made in this
way is only calculated to mislead and deceive
Congress, that he strike out the words " to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
first of payments to be made during the pleas-
ure of Congress;" so as to make the amend-
ment read: "for this amount, to be expended
for such useful goods," &c.
Mr. HARLAN, 1 have no objection to that
change.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And then I will make
no further objection, as the Senator states that
there will be no mors of these amendments
and there are particular reasons for this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to offer an amend-
ment to increase the appropriation in lines four
hundred and fifty-five and four hundred and
fifty-six from $100 to $480. This appropiia-
tion is for the sorvices and traveling expenses
of a board of visitors to attend the annuity
payments of the Chippewas of the Mississippi.
Sir. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
why that increase is pro[*>sed ?
Mr. HARLAN. Four hundred and eighty
dollars is the amount that will be necessary to
cover the service described in the treaty. The
number of miles of travel of these gentlemen
who are to be present when payments are
made to these Indians, and \he\r per diem for
the necessary number of days, will be covered
by the amendment I offer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it necessary to have
all three ?
Mr. HARLAN. They are provided for. I
do not know as to the necessity. Thoy are,
as the Senator may remember, to be selected
from religious societies by the President, to
be present when the payments are made for
the purpose, I suppose, of seeing that good
faith is observed by the agent in the distribu-
tion of the goods.
Mr. RAMSEY. The treaties require it.
Mr. HARLAN. It is merely the mileage
and per diem of the board of visitors for twenty
days, an'd for a length of travel not exceeding
two hundred miles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I find that I have omitted
in its regular order one amendment which
the Committee on Indian Affairs directed me
to offer. I move in lines sixty-three and
sixty-four to strike out " $25,000 " and insert
"$85,000." This is the appropriation for
contingencies of the Indian department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thirty-five thousand
dollars was the estimate, I suppose?
Mr. HARLAN. The estimate was thirty-
six thousand md some hundreds of dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether it is not better to leave that item
as it is. This matter of contingencies for the
Departments is one about which the other
House is sensitive, and if there should prove
to be an actual deficiency it can be met here-
after. If we increase this appropriation we
shall certainly have a dispute on the subject-
It is a matter of opinion, at any rate. I think
we had better leave it as it is. The other
House are not inclined to take, in all cases,
the estimates of the Departments of what they
want for contingencies, which is a fund to be
controlled at discretion, and they have cut it
down to $25,000, as they have cut down the
estimates in other instances. I really think
we had better adhere to their action. We can-
not be governed entirely by the judgment of
the Departments as to the amount of money
they should have to use as they see fit. The
other Hoase has determined that it will regu-
late the matter to some extent, aud I think the
Senator had better abandon this amendment
and let the item stand for the present as it is,
and not make a point which will certainly be
a point of discussion. It is a matter of opinion.
Mr. HARLAN. There is this explanation
due to that branch of the service: the amount
appropriated last year I think was $20,000;
Congress cut it down below the estimate, and
the Department is now without a dollar for
that service, and we are compelled to report
an amendment for a deficiency. They say they
cannot get along without that amount. It has
been appropriated regularly from year to year.
Every Senator conversant with the service must
know that the service is becoming year by year
more difficult. As the settlements encroach
on the Indian territory there is constantly a
greater and a greater demand on that fund for
service that must necessarily be performed.
My own judgment is that the appropriation
ought to be made. If it is not made you lay
the foundation certainly for a deficiency. I
think it is better that we should make the
appropriation now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
leave the clause as it is.
The question being put, it was declared that
the amendment appeared to be rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I think 1 must call for a
division, although the Senate is very thin. I
should like to have the judgment of the Senate
on this question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senatorean move
the amendmentagain in the Senate if he thinks
fit, and have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
two Senators voted in the affirmative and three
in the negative.
Mr. HARLAN. If thero were only three
in the negative it seems to me the affirmative
has it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair wiH
again put the question.
The question being again put, it was declared
that the noes had it.
Mr. HARLAN. I will not ask for a divis-
ion now, as the body is so thin, but I will offer
the amendment again in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is not agreed to. It can be reintroduced after
the bill shall have been reported to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line four
hundred and ninety-nine:
Chiekasaws:
For permanent annuity in goods, per aet 25th Feb-
ruary, 1799, for the fiscal year ending Juno 30, 1859,
and for the fiscal year ending Juue 30, 1870, $6,0JO.
This was explained to the Senate at tjie last
session, and after considerable disoussion and
I believe a division of the Senate, and I am
not sure but that the yeas and nays were called,
the Senate decided to put in the clause. It ia
the school fund for these Indians, the Chick-
asaw Indians. The treaty provided for this
amount to be paid in goods. Under the law
of that nation of Indians it is set aside for
school purposes. On account of the absence
of the appropriation of $3,000 last year they
have been compelled to suspend their school,
a condition of things, of course, that no Sen-
ator can approve.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no treaty for
this, I understand.
Mr. HARLAN. Both a treaty and a law.
The matter was discussed at length in the Sen-
ate and the law read, and the treaty also read,
during the last session, and the amendment
was agreed to either by a division or a yea aud
nay vote, I am not now sure which. It was
agreed to after a very full disoussion. I state
to the Senate that this is the school fund of
these Indians, aud on account of the failure
of the appropriation last year their school has
had to be suspended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by tha
Committee on Indian Affairs to move to amend
the bill in the appropriations for the Creeks by
striking out in lines five hundred aud ninety-
three andfive hundred and ninety-four "$270,"
and inserting "$870;" so as to make the clause
read:
For iron and steel for shop during the pleasure of
tho President, per fifth article treaty 14th February,
1833, and fifth article treaty 7th August, 1836, $370.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what data the Committee on Indian Affairs
has for saying that $370 is necessary. The
House of Representatives has appropriated
$270.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the usual appropria-
tion which has been made from year to year
for these Indians to supply the blacksmith with
the necessary material to work with. This is
a very large tribe of Indians, and the amount
appropriated will not begin to buy all they
need.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I understand;
but the Senate Committee on Appropriations
is of opinion with the Committee on Appro-
priations of the House of Representatives, that
the fact that we have been for a great number
of years going on without any question appro-
priating just what is asked for to be expended
is no reason why we should continue the same
practice. The committees seem disposed to
look into the thing. Now, how is this? We
find all through this bill, " this amount to be
expended during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent." I do not suppose the President ever
heard of it, ever knew anything a.b®trt it, or
could tell anything about it, or was ever con-
