1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
salted about it; but the Department, about
which there is a great deal of complaint, go on
year after year, and we say li It has been done
heretofore, and therefore we will continue to
do it now." The idea we have is that the time
has arrived when it is well enough to say to
these Indians, " We have helped you so long
that it is about time you should help yourselves
a little, and we will not appropriate quite so
much during the pleasure of the President
and I believe that the House has adopted in
that particular a correct idea on the subject,
that there must come a time when these things
are to be gradually lessened and when they are
to cease, when the Indians get more able to
help themselves. The very fact that it has
been continued for so long a number of years is
a reason why we should begin to stop or at
least to lessen it. It is nothing but the pleas-
ure of the Department and a guess at it, and
just as much money as we appropriate fortius
put-pose will certainly be spent. There is no
doubt about that. There will never be a six-
pence saved out of it. It will all go. My
belief is that if you appropriate $270they wiil
confine themselves within the $270, and it will
prove enough. I hope the Senate will not
adopt the amendment, because the principle
applies to a very considerable numberof cases
of like description. It is only $100 in this
case, but if you carry it through it will affect
this bill to a very large amount.
Mr. HARLAN". There are about fifteen
thousand of these Indians, and they are trying
to learn how to farm and make a living by
agricultural pursuits, honest labor, and the
Committeeon Indian Affairs thoughtit was not
necessary to reduce an appropriation which, in
the aggregate, is less than four hundred dollars,
to supply them with the necessary iron and steel
to make their tools with. Of course it is not
very great. I have nothing more to say on the
subject.
The question being put, the Chair declared
that the ayes had it 5 aud the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators will not
vote 1 shall alio w#li these amendments to go on,
and just as many as the Committee on Indian
Affairs see fit to propose may go ou.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have instructed me to propose the fol
lowing amendment, to come in after line six
hundred and forty-four, a.t the eud of the appro-
priations for the Crows:
I?or first of thirty installments to supply male
persons over fourteen years of ago with a suit of good
substantial woolen clothing, consisting of coat, hat,
pantaloons, flannel sbirts, and woolen socks, per
ninth article t.re Uy of May 7, 1868, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1870, $10,000.
For first of thirty installments to supply each fe-
male over twelve years of age with a flannel skirt or
the goods neccssary to make the same, a pair of
woolen hose, twelve yaids of calico, and twelve
ynrd? co'fon domt&hc, per ninth article treaty of
jVl,tv 7, lS(33. for the fiscal year ending June 30, ls70,
$5,000.
Jb'oi fust of Thirty installments to supply the boys
and yii Is under the ages nanu-dsucli flannel and cot-
ton goods a  may bo needed to mako each a suit, as
aforesaid, together wir.li a pair of woolen hose for
each, per ninth <1 rtielo tieaty of May 7, 1803, for the
fiscal j car ending June 30,1870, &4,500.
l?or the first ot ten installments to be used by the
Seuietary of the Interior in the purenaseof such ar-
ticles as from time to time the condition and neces-
sities of the Indians may indicate to be proper, the
sum of ton dollars for each Indian roaming, (one
thousand nine hundred and fifty-three souls,) per
ninth article treaty of May 7,1868, for tbefiscal year
end-ng June 30,1870, $10,530.
For the construction of school-house or mission
building, per third article treaty of May 7,1868, $2,500.
For the erection of a steam circular saw-mill, with
a grist-mill and shingle machine attached, per third
article treaty May 7, 1868, $8,000.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith, miller,
a* d engineer, per tenth article treaty May 7,1868,
$5,200.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I should like the Sen-
ator to explain fully the reason for this amend-
ment to the Senate. I do not think he will
find anybody to listen to him: but for the Griobe,
for the benefit of anybody that may read it, so
that it may be understood, I hope he will state
the reasons why he moves this amendment-^ I
see no member of the Senate cares anything
about it.
41st Co®g, 1st Sess.—No. 27.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill as it came to the
Senate from the House of Representatives has
some items of appropriation in pursuance of a
treaty made with the Crow Indians by the peace
commission, which is signed by William T.
Sherman, lieutenant general ; William S. Har-
ney, brevet major general; Alfred IT. Terry,
brevet major general; C. C. Augur, brevet
major general ; Jolm B. Sanborn, and S. P.
Tappan. This amendment is to provide the
necessary means to carry into effect the remain-
ing articles of the same treaty. It is partially
provided for in the bill as it came to the Sen-
ate from the House of Representatives, and
the amendment proposed by the Indian Com-
mittee is to enable the Department to carry into
effect the remaining provisions of the treaty.
This is the only explanation perhaps which
is necessary in the Senate. These gentlemen,
it may be remembered, were authorized to go
up and treat with these Indians. Perhaps it
would be as well now as at any other time to
refer to the law under which the treaties were
made. Senators will remember that a law was
passed in 1807, the first section of which reads
as follows :
" That tlie President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint a commission, to
consist of three ollicers of the Annynot below tho
rank of brigadier general, who together with N. (ji.
Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs; John JB.
Henderson, cnairman of (lie Committee on Indian
Atfairs of the Senate; S. F. Tappan, and John Ii.
Sanborn, shall havo power and authority to call
together tho chiefs and head men of such bands or
tribes of Indians as are now wasiug war against the
United States or committing depredations upon tlio
people thereof, to ascertain the alleged reasons for
their acts of hostility, and in their discretion, under
the direction of tho President, to make andeonclude
with said bands or tribes such treaty stipulations,
subject to the aetiou of the Senato, as may rernovo all
just causes of complaint on their pait, and at the
same time establish security for porson and property
alon« the linos of raihoad now being constructed to
the Pacific and other thoroughfares of travel to tho
western Territones, and such as will most likely in-
sure civilization for the Indians andpeaeo and sately
for the whites."
This act of Congress was passed and approved
July 20,1807. In pursuance of this law, which,
of course, must have had the assent of both
branches of Congress in the usual mode and
the approval of the President, these distin-
guished gentlemen whose names I have just
read were commissioned andsentout and held
personal interviews with the Indians then at
war with the people of the United States for
the purpose of ascertaining the causes of the
hostility, and for the purpose of making such
arrangements with them as would in the future
secure peace and lay the foundation for their
civilization.
There is no reason for carrying into effect
any treaty that does not apply to the treaty
referred to in the amendment which I have
proposed. I know there are some gentlemen
who have found their way into both branches
of Congress that think Indian treaties are not
laws at all, and ought not to be regarded as
such. It may be well, perhaps, on that ac-
count to refer to the language of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It declares that—
"This Constitution, and tho laws of the United
States which shall be mado in pursuanco thereof,
and all treaties mado or wuich shall bo mado under
tho authority of the United States, thall bo the
supreme law of the land."
If this is a treaty at all in contemplation of
the Constitution of the United States it is a
law, and is as binding on the Government aud
the people as any other law. But I know it is
sometimes thought that this refers only to trea-
ties made between the United States and for-
eign nations; not to treaties that may be made
with what they are pleased to style vagabond
people roaming over our own territory. In
order to ascertain what probably was meant by
the frainers of the Constitution of the U nited
States it may be well to refer to what was
understood at the time to be embraced within
the meaning of the term "treaty." In the
Statutes at-Large, seventh volume, I find re-
corded on the thirteenth page what is supposed
to be a treaty, with this caption:
"Articles of agreement and confederation made
aud entered into by Andrew and 'i'nomas Iiowia,
esqs., commissioners for and in behalf of the Onifed
States of North America of the one part, and Captain
White-Eyes, Captain John Kill Buck, jr., and Cap-
tain Pipe, deputies and chief men of the Delaware
nation of the other part."
Which seems to have been ratified Septem-
ber 17, 1778, before the Constitution was made.
It is true in the caption this is not called a
treaty ; it is called "Articles of agreement and
confederation."
On the fifteenth page of the same volume
I find in the form of a treaty what follows this
caption :
"Articles concluded at i'ort Stanwix on the 22d
day of October, 1784. between Oliver Woleoft, Poch-
ard Butler, and Arthur Lee, commissioners pleni-
potentiary IVom the United States in Congress assem-
bled un the one part, and the sachems and warriors
of the Six JSiatioiis on tho other."
It seems, then, that Congress under the Con-
federation directed the appointment of minis-
ters plenipotentiary to negotiate articles of
agreement between the Government of the
United States and the Six Nations of Indians.
This was ratified October ~2'2, 1781, five years
before the Constitution of the United States
went into operation.
On the sixteenth page I find the following:
"Articles of a treaty concluded at Fort Mcintosh
th(j 2lst day of January, 1785, between the commis-
sioners plenipotentiary of the United States of Amer-
ica of tho one part, and the sachems and wa.rriors
of the Wyandott, Delaware, Chippewa, and Ottawa
nations of the othei."
Then follow the provisions of the treaty thus
negotiated by ministers plenipotentiary from
the Government of the United States and these
Indians, now residing chielly in the State of
Kansas. And thus follow, page after page,
what are called treaties :
"Articles of a troaty concluded at Hopewell, on tho
Keowce, near Seneca Old Town, between Bonjamin ■
llawkins, Andrew Piekons. and Joseph Martin,com-
missioners plenipotentiary of the United States of
America ot the one part."
And (hen along list of Indian names, repre-
sentatives of the Indian tribe on the other
part, being Choctaw Indians.
Thus it will appear that during the whole
period of the confederation, before the adop-
tion of the Constitution of the United States,
treaties were negotiated between the Govern-
ment aud Indian tribes under the title of
"articles of agreement" and "articles of
treaty." This, then, was the received mean- .
ing of the word " treaty" at the time the
Constitution of the United States was adopted.
The Constitution says that—
"All treaties made, and which shall be made,
undirtlie authority of tho United States, shall be
the supremo law of the land."
So that these treaties made with the Indians
became the "supreme law of the land" as
well as treaties thence afterward to be made,
whether with foreign Powers or with the Indian
tribes.
But after the Constitution of the United
States had been adopted this subject was
brought to the attention of the Senate on the
2oth day of May, 1789, and it is rather remark-
able that it was at the first executive session
ever held by the Senate of the United States.
I read from the Annals of Congress, volume
page 40 :
"The Senate to-day for the first timo entered upon
executive business, having received from tho Presi-
dent of the United States a communication covering
a report from the Secretary of War on tho negotia-
tion of the governor of tho western Territories with
certain northern and northwestern Indians, and ths
treaties mado in consequence thereof at Port Harmar
ontho'Jthof January, 1789, which was read as follows,
and ordered to lie on the table."
This communication refers to the treaties'
the captions of which I have read, and to other
treaties that had been made at a subsequent
period ; and the communication of the Secre-
tary of War sent to the Senate by the then
President of the United States, George Wash-
ington, recites the necessity of ratifying thenew
treaties, and also making an appropriaiion to
enable other treaties to be negotiated with cer-
tain Indians residing then in the States of
Georgia and North Carolina.
I need not pursue this subject. I have read
enough, to show that the word "treaty " in the
