418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Constitution of the United States includes
Indian treaties as well as treaties with foreign
' Powers. If that be true, then the Constitu-
tion provides that treaties thus made in pur-
suance of the Constitution of the United States
are the supreme law of the land ; and if so,
they must be carried into effect. This amend-
ment is proposed to carry into effect one of
these treaties, made by the Government of tlie
United States under circumstances more than
usually solemn. The foundation was laid, as
I have read, by an act of Congress directing
that a commission should be appointed, con-
sisting of distinguished military gentlemen
connected with the Army and distinguished
civilians, to go to the Indian country, hold per-
sonal interviews with these Indians for the pur-
pose of ascertaining the causes of complaint
which the Indians had against the people of
the United States, and after ascertaining those
causes to negotiate such treaties as in their
judgment might be necessary to remove those
just causes of complaint and lay the founda-
tion for their future civilization. These gen-
tlemen performed that duty, negotiated this
and other treaties ; they werj sent to the Sen-
ate, and ratified in the usual form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate must be
aware that this is a very serious question of
dispute between the two branches of Congress,
and I suppose it is quite as well that the mat-
ter should be settled here. Very much debate
was bad upon it in the House of Represent-
atives, and the House asserted its right to re-
fuse to make these appropriations, and it has
been said that the determination is so strong
that they will not be made under any circum-
stances. Such being the case, as items of this
kind had not been inserted in the bill by the
House except, in one instance, and then prob-
ably by mistake, the Committee on Appropri-
ations thought, instead of inserting them them-
selves by way of amendment to the bill it
would be better to bring the bill into the Sen-
ate as it was and let the amendments be pro-
posed by the Committee on Indian Affairs
and have the question thoroughly stated and
understood, so that not only the Senate might
be able to understand precisely the point at
issue, but that it might be understood by the
country at large. For my own part I feel very
much indebted to my honorable friend from
Iowa, the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, for the attention he has given to
the subject and for the explanation that he
lias made.
I entertain no sort of doubt, not the slightest
in tiie world, that from the very beginning of
the Government it Iris been the habit to re-
cognize divers Indian tribes as independent
nations, with whom the Government of the
United Statcsmight make treaties. Probably,
in the first place, it arose from the-fact that
they were very powerful tribes and located
within the limits of States, and from time to
time questions of dilficulty aro.ie, and it be-
came necessary to do something or other in
order to prevent Indian outbreaks find to recon-
cile difficulties. In that way this idea grew up,
and has been continued, of considering Indian
tribes as independent people, negotiating trea-
ties with them, and performing those treaties.
It has been the custom from the beginning of
our system of government.
Under these circumstances it is too late now
to say that treaties thus made are not binding.
Up to the present day they have always been
lecogmzed as binding, as much so as treaties
made with foreign nations, and from time to time
laws have been made to carry them out, and
it is only at the present day that the ground is
taken that these treaties shall not be recog-
nized by the House of Representatives in the
exorcise of the power they have with reference
to malcing appropriations.
If. is not for me to dispute the right of the
House so to decide, if they think fit. because I
have always field that where a treaty, whether
with an Indian tribe or with a foreign nation,
contemplated (Iip payment of money, it neces-
sarily made the House of Representatives a
party to that treaty, whose assent must be had
in order to its execution. The question was
very much debated in the recent case of the
Alaska purchase, as it was called. I recog-
nized the right of the House then, so far as
that was concerned, if it saw fit to refuse_ to
make the appropiiations, the result of which
would have been that the treaty would have
failed.
In all cases, in my judgment, in which a treaty
is made with a foreign people which involves
the payment of money there should be aclause
in it subjecting it to the agreement of the
House of Representatives. It is understood
that it must be so, to be sure; but it would
be better to so express it. So it is in regard
to treaties that affect the raising of revenue.
Where we undertake to make a treaty which
provides for the admission of articles free of
duty, or which under any other circumstances
would affect the laws passed by Congress with
reference to duties, there should be a clause
of the same description. In recent treaties, I
believe, some clause of that kind has been
placed.
Now, admitting the perfect right of the House
of Representatives to refuse to make an appro-
priation, and not agreeing with my honorable
friend from Iowa so far as to say that they
must be considered as precluded from any
consideration of that question because a treaty
is the law of the land, I hold nevertheless that
the President and the Senate had a right to
make all these treaties with the Indians under
the uniform recognized practice, and being
made, they are so far the law of the land; and
unless there is something so objectionable in a
treaty thus made as to justify the withholding
on the pait of the House and the Senate of
the appropriations necessary to carry it out
those appropriations ought to be made as a
matter of course, in my judgment, because it
becomes then a matter of expediency and pro-
priety.
How is it in this individual instance? All
the other treaties that have been made hereto-
fore, in regard to which Congress has from
time to time passed laws making appropria-
tions, are recognized, because when they once
appropriated to carry out any portion of a
treaty they recognized the treaty. But here
conies a new set of treaties, made under a law
of Congress, made under provisions which we
passed here authorizing the appointment of
this commission to exercise certain powers, it
being thought advisable that that should be
done in order to avoid difficulties on the fron-
tier which cost us vastly more money in a very
short period than we can possibly expend under
all these treaties. That commission was formed.
It has negotiated treaties. I do not know
whether the treaties are wise ; my impression
is that they may be so now. They have been
negotiated. The Senate has recognized them
and ratified them. They are, therefore, to that
extent the law of the land, as my friend says.
Noiv, it is in the power of the House of Rep-
resentatives to say that they will not make the
appropriations to carry out those treaties.
What is to be the consequence ? The conse-
quence is, in dealing with that people, that they
look upon us as having broken faith with them. I
With regard to foreign nations the Govern-1
m-ents, as do all governments who are fit to j
govern anybody, understand what our laws are, ;
<uid they know perfectly well that a treaty when i
made by the President does not become a law j
unless the Senate ratify it, and they know very j
well that if it involves the payment of money!
it cannot be carried out, unless the House of j
Representatives agrees to it. Understanding j
that, they make treaties with us subject to that j
contingency, and in ordinary cases, perhaps, i
they would have no right to complain if they |
should not be carried out. j
That is one of the difficulties of our system j
so far as foreign nations are concerned; but j
how is it with these ignorant Indians 011 the j
frontier? They know nothing about all these i
details. They know only those who are sentj
to meet them with authority uu<ler thu Govern- '<
ment. They come out, meet them, and call
them together, being in arms or being about to
rise in arms and make ail Indian war; and they
make these arrangements, these bargains with
them. The agreement thus made comes to the
Senate, and the Senate sees tit to ratify it. It
is in the power of the House of Representa-
tives to say that they will not make the appro-
priations ; but what is necessarily the conse-
quence? The Indians look upon it as broken
faith, and in addition to the causes of offense
they had before they have an additional cause
of offense arising from the fact that we refuse
to perform the agreement we have made with
them.
What have we to expect then ? We can have
nothing more nor less to expect, under those
circumstances, than that there will be another
Indian war, and we have nobody but ourselves
to blame for it in that respect. Whether it
arises otherwise, from a good cause or bad, the
result is that we spend more money in one
season than it would cost to execute these
treaties according to the letter. I do not con-
sider that wise. Believing that a treaty once
made, especially with such people as these, and
made, according to the uniform custom of this
Government, for so long a period of years,
ought to be carried out in good faith for our
own benefit, I do not think it is justifiable in
any branch of Congress to say that they do not
like the system—for that is the ground 011 which
it is put—and therefore refuse to execute
treaties thus made. Believing that it is our
duty to appropriate money to carry out treaties
made, and thinking that the opinion of the
Senate ought to be expressed upon the subject,
1 do not feel inclined for one, nor am i in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations,
to oppose the appropriations which are pro-
posed by the Committee on Indian Affairs to
carry out these treaties; but the amount is
large, some two million dollars in all. We
must meet that, as we have made the bargain.
But while I say that, I wish to say another
thing in reference to the future. We are warned
now what is the opinion of the House of Rep-
resentatives upon this subject., and, in my judg-
ment, the opinion of the country is getting set-
tled against the multiplication of these treaties.
The difficulty arises from the fact that the sys-
tem which was begun with powerful tribes
when we were a weak people is carried 011k
now, in a large degree, with every little band
that calls itself a tribe. The thing has beets
run into the ground. We have carried it too
far, and. ill my opinion, it has ceased to- oper-
ate well, and we must adopt some other sys-
tem. For myself, 1 am for putting an end to
the idea that these roving bands of Indians,
which have now become so comparatively
weak, are to be recognized longer as inde-
pendent nations. I am for dealing with theie
kindly and wisely as well as we can, and I
am opposed to the further multiplication of
these treaties. 1 say this because I am in
favor of executing in good faith those we have
already made.
Before I sit down I wish to ask the Senator
from Iowa a question and to explain what
would seem to be a carelessness on the part
of the Committee on Appropriations, but which
is not so, for we did it intentionally. The
House of Representatives, with some degree
of inconsistency, as I think, took out four pro-
visions from one of these treaties and put in
appropriations for them, leaving out. all the
rest. We felt disposed to leave it there for
the consideration of the Senate; but there is
no reason why, if these four are left in, all the
rest should not go in ; but, there are two pro-
visions for the Crows to which I wish to call
the attention of the chairman of the Committee
on. Indian Affairs. They are the first two pro-
visions under the heading ''Crows." They
ariso nnder the seventh article of the treaty
.of July 16, 188&. In the bill as it passed the
Senate before those two items were stricken
out after the amendment of the Committee on
India n Affairs was made. I could only sup-
pose tliey were stricken out on the idea that
