420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"April 1,
have bad time to restore their farms and collect
upon them a little stock, they may be able to
get along without tins.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Does the Senator know
how many of the tribe there are now?
Mr. J^AKLAN. Not over three hundred ;
and I da not think there are that many. They
appeal very strongly, as it seems to me, to the
sympathy of everybody—a once powerful tribe
fading out. They have not large annuities due
them or large credits in the Treasury, as have
worse trihes of Indians who fought for their
rights and only yielded them after a conflict
that made the nation tremble.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There are only ninety-
two of them in all, I believe.
Mr. HARLAN. There are more than that.
They are a fragmentary band collected on the
reservations. If they had been worse Indians
and fought more bravely for their old homes,
they would have been rich like the Delawares,
who are fading out also, have been reduced
down to about a thousand, but who have hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars to their credit,
because they fought bravely for their old
homes. I think it would be better to let them
have this small sum of money this year, and
after they have restored their homes a little
which were overrun by both armies during the
war, pinch it off if anybody desires to do so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move to amend
the bill, in the appropriations for the Shos-
hones, by inserting after " eastern bands," in
Hue twelve hundred and fifty-five, u and Ban-
nacks," and by striking out the clause from
line twelve hundred and fifty-six to line twelve
hundred and sixty, and in lieu thereof inserting:
For this amount, or so much thereof as maybe
necessary, to pay lor surveying or ruuning the ex-
tenor hues of tho reservation to bo set apart for the
Shoshones, as per second artiele treaty of July 3,1808,
$3,000.
For the erection of a warehouse or storehouse for
storing goods, as per third articleot treaty ot July 3,
1808, $1,500.
For an agency building for the residence of the
agent, as per third arucio treaty of July3,18u8, $1,500.
For a residence for tliuphy&ioian.asper third article
treaty of July 3,1868, $1,500.
For five buildings, for a carpenter, farmer, black-
smith, miller, and onsrineor, as per third article
treaty of July 3,1868, ;§6,000.
For a school house or mission building, as per third
article treaty of July 3,1808, $2,500.
For a steam circular saw-unil with a grist-mill and
shingle machine attached, as per third article treaty
of July 3, \m, $8,000,
For this amount, or as much thereof as may be
accessary, to pay iorseedaand agricultural imple-
ments to bo furnished thebeadsof familieaor lodges
who desire to commence farming, as per eighth arti-
clo Uo-ity of July 3.1868, for the fiscal year endiug
June 30. 1870. $5,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to purchase eight hundred and tbirty-
threo suits of clothing for males over fourteen years
of age. the flannel, hose, eaheo, and domestics for
eujbt hundred and thirty-three females over the ago
of twelve years, and such flannel and cotton goods as
may b-; needed to luako suits for eight hundred and
tlurtv-ibur boys and girls, as per ninth arriclo treaty
of July 3, 1863, tor the fiscal year ending Juue 30,
}870, $20,000.
For tins amount, or so much thereof as may bo
neeessaty, for tho purchaseof such article? as may be
considered prooerby the Secretary of the Interior,
aa per ninth article treaty of July S, ISoS, for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870, §03,000.
For the pay of physician, teacher, carpenter, miller,
enauieor, farmei, and blacksmith, as per tenth arti-
cle treaty ot July 3, 1808, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1870, $>6,800.
For this amount to be expended in presents torthe
ten persons who grow the ruost valuable crops, as per
twelfr.ii article treaty of July 3,1803, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1870, £500.
For msui&ncc and transportation of goods, &o..,
that may be purchased for the Shoshones and Ban-
nack tribes of Indians for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1370, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
$i0,000,
Uv. FESSENDEN. I suppose that is to
carry out one of the new treaties.
.Mr. HARLAN. One of the new treaties
negotiated by the peace commission. The
same reasons exist for adopting this amend-
ment that were recited in favor of the adoption
of the oilier Ions? amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator to amend the item for the pay of a
physician, teacher, carpenter, &e. He now lias
that put at §6^800. To make it conform to
what we have done in the other cases, the
amount should be $5,9150.
Mr. HARLAN. I shall not object to that
modification, because I understand the Appro-
priation Committee have adopted a rule in
relation to all these employes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to move to strike
out all the appropriations in the bill under the
caption " Sioux of Dakota," being from line
twelve hundred and seventy-five to line thirteen
hundred and eighty-seven, and in lieu thereof
to insert the words I send to the Chair.
The words proposed to be inserted were
read, as follows:
Sioux Nation.
Bruits, Ogallallas, Minneconjoux, Yanctonais,
Onkpapas. JBlackfeet, Cut Heads, Santee
Sioux, Two Kettles and Sans Arcs bands, and
Arapnhoes, parties to tho treaty of April
29,1869:
For this amount, or so much thereof as maybe
necessary, to purchase seeds and agricultural imple-
ments. to be furnished theheads offamilies or lodges
who desire to commence farming, as per eighth arti-
cle treaty of April 29,1868, for the fiscal year ending
June 30. 1870, $60,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as maybe
necessary, to purchase clothing for males over four-
teen years of age, thefiannel, hose,calico, and domes-
tics required tor females over twelve years of age,
and for such flan «el and cotton goods as may be
needed to make suits for bovs and girls, as per tenth
article treaty of April 29,1868, for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1870, $136,700.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that amount fixed
by the treaty? I should like to ask the Sen-
ator how he arrives at the amount?
Mr. HARLAN. It is on an estimate of the
number of Indians that are on the reservation
now and will be on it, according to the inform-
ation we have, during the coming month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is an appropriation of
$GO,O00_ thought necessary to purchase seeds
and agricultural implements? In the clause
preceding the one just read an appropriation
is made of $00,000 for seeds and agricultural
implements. That seems a very large sura.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The amend-
ment has not yet been fully read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is true; but I
wish an explanation, as we go along, of the dif-
ferent clauses.
Mr. HARLAN. The term "agricultural
implements" would include, of course, all the
necessary farming utensils, plows, harrows,
hoes, and wagons, as well as the necessary seed,
including grain and potatoes and things of that
kind, to be used in beginning their farming
operations ; and the committee thought it bet-
ter, as these Indians were just beginning, to
make an ample appropriation. General Har-
ney, who has been in charge of these Indians
during the last year, says that during the win-
ter there were thirteen thousand of them, ex-
clusive of those who were down on the Nio-
brara, formerly the Minnesota Sioux, who are
included in this appropriation. He supposed
that there would be thirty thousand of them
during the summer. He had advised large
numbers of them who are able to hunt to stay
out during the winter and live by hunting, if
practicable : but they had agreed to come in
this spring and begin their improvements.
The committee thought it best to make an
appropriation that would be sufficient to enable
them to begin under favorable circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question ?
Mr. HAIILAN. It is not necessary to take
the question on each item unless some Senator
should desire it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that he would be more likely to make it '
satisfactory if he keeps the appropriation down j
as low as possible. '
Mr. IIARLAN. I desire that as earnestly j
as any Senator does ; but this was the judg- I
meiit of the committee at'ier thinking it over j
maturely. We sat one whole day, five hours, i
on this one amendment. . j
Mr. FESSENDEN, I have no data by j
which I could undertake to correct the com-
mittee's estimate., I do not know anything
about it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the amendment will be continued.
The Chief Clerk resumed the reading of the
words to be inserted, as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to purchase such articles as may be con-
sidered proper by the Secretary of the Interior for,
say, eleven thousand four hundred persons roaming
and three thousand six hundred engaged in agricul-
ture, as per tenth article treaty of April 29.1868, for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1870, $186,000.
For this amount, or so much thereol as may be
necessary, for the purchase of beef stnd flour, as per
tenth article treatv of April 29, 1868, for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1870, §985,500.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary , to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
provide for such other bands of the Sioux nation as
may agree to the terms of the treaty with the Sioux
Indian5! of April 29,1868, and to provide for the River
Crows, Gros Ventres of the Prairie Blackfeet tribe,
and Sheep Eaters, in accordance with treaty stipu-
lations, $250,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the purchaseof one American cow and
one pair of American oxen for each lodge or family
that eommcnces farming, $50,000.
For pay of one physician and medicines, one
teacher, one carpenter, one miller, one engineer, one
farmer, and one blacksmith tor each of the three dis-
tricts of the reservation, as per thirteenth article
treaty of April 29. 1868, for the fiscal year ending
Juno30,1870. $19,050.
For the crection of suitable buildings for residences
of the agent and employes mentioned in the tore-
going item, store-room,school-house or mission build-
ing, and steam circular saw-mill, with grist-mill and
shingle-machine attached, as per fourth artiele treaty
April 29,1868, $35,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, for insurance, transportation, and the neces-
sary expenses ofdeliverinergoods, &c.,to be purchased
for thedifferentbands of Sioux Indians, under treaty
of April 29,1868, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1870, $40,000.
For salary of one farmer, one carpenter, two male
school teachers, and two female school teachers for
Santee Sioux on their reservation near theNiobrara,
$5,050.
For suitable buildings for residences for agent,
physician, farmer,carpenter, blacksmith, and school
teachers, warehouse, and school-house for Santco
Sioux, on theirreservation near theNiobrara,$12,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator how many physicians and teachers
there are under one of those clauses which
reads :
For pay of one physician and medicincs, one
teacher, one carpenter, one miller, one engineer, one
farmer, and one blacksmith for each of the three
districts of the reservation.
Is that correct—" three districts of the res-
ervation ?"
Mr. HARLAN. That is what is intended.
There is a district of country laid off for these
various bands of Sioux, but they are to* be
located in three different parts of the district
of country some hundreds of miles apart. - I
ought to explain here that the language of the
treaty seems to require but one set of employes j
but in conference with General Harney, who
had them in charge, we learned that they in-
tended to have shaped the phraseology so as
to include what we have here ; and it being
necessary, the committee concluded to make
the amendment conform with the necessity.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will in-
dulge me one moment, I should like to make
a calculation as to what the amount should be
under the principles we have adopted in other
cases.
Mr. HARLAN, [think it is very likely that
the amount is a little above the rule which has
been established by the Appropriation Com-
mittee, for our committee were not aware of
it at the time we were in session.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator whether he
expects to finish this bill to-day?
Sir. HARLAN. I hope we may do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 expect to go on with
it until four o'clock, at any rate. I cannot
consent to an executive session before that
time.
Mr. YATES. I will not make the motion
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. According to my calcu-
lation, as we have fixed the pay of these era-
ploy6s in other cases, the sum should be
$18,200 instead ot'$li),050. That would cover
the whole.
