424:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
inc. medicines, iron and steel, and maintenance of
schools, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, $37,800.
I am instructed to make this motion in pur-
suance of a report which has been made to the
department by General Hazen, who is in charge
of this service at Fort Cobb, I believe. It is
to provide for the Indians who have been ma-
rauding down in Texas. I have the estimate
and the report of General Hazen in my hand,
if'any one desires to have them read.
Mr. FESSEN DEisT. I hope the amendment
will not be made.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN". I give notice that I will
offer that in the Senate again. _ It is a very
important matter. It is to provide for a large
number of Indians who otherwise will live by
plunder. It is desired by the general in charge
at that point that they should be brought in
around Fort Cobb and settled on these lands,,
in order to prevent their plundering the white
inhabitants. ^
Afterline seventeen hundred and seventy-six
I move to insert the following:
For defraying the expense of removal and subsist-
ence of Indians in Washington Territory not parties
to any treaty, and for pay of necessary employes,
$15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I see that in the clause
above that there is a provision "for defraying
the expense of removal and subsistence of
Indians in Oregon and Washington Territory
not parties to any treaty, and for pay of neces-
sary employes, $30,000," as we have amended
it, and that amendment has been adopted by
the Senate. That sum is very well up to the
whole estimate, and then $15,000 added would
make $45,000. The estimate of the depart-
ment is $50,000. The House put it at $20,000.
We put it at $30,000, and that amendment has '
been adopted.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Oregon can explain the necessity of this
amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. This subject was consid-
ered in committee. I presume it was over-
looked when acting upon the amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations in line
seventeen hundred and seventy-six. It ap-
pears it was not brought to the notice of the
Senate. I have letters here from the agent
in charge of the reservation, who states that
the potato crop of these Indians is entirely cut
off, and it is necessary to hare the full appro-
priation. Last year it was cut down to $20,-
000. We have been in the habit of making
an annual appropriation of $50,000 for the
Indians in Oregon and Washington Territory
with whom there are no treaties. Upon this
reservation that I speak of there are between
two and three thousand Indians—I do not
exactly remember the number—and last year
only $10,000 of the $20,000 appropriated went
to this reservation. They were obliged to dis-
pense with some eight or nine employes, and
consequently there was great dissatisfaction.
These are the same Indians from whom a
portion of their lands on Acquina Bay, about
twenty-five miles square, was taken. Their
crops are nearly destroyed, and they are
obliged to put in new crops this year. The
agent says that it is necessary to have the full
amount of the appropriation—$25,000. I think
the Committee on Indian Affairs proposed to
strike out the words !tand Washington Terri-
tory," in line seventeen hundred and seventy-
four, and then in line seventeen hundred and
seventy-six to insert "five" after "twenty,"
as it stood originally in the bill, so as to make
the appropriation for Oregon $25,000, and
then to add, as proposed by the chairman, I
"for defraying the expense of removal and
subsistence of Indians in Washington Terri-
tory, not parties to any treaty, and for pay of
necessary employes, $15,000;'' so as to make
the entire appropriation $40,000. If it is de-
sirable I can read a letter from the agent, who
sets forth the importance of this appropriation.
I think it ought to be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we proceed to make
our appropriations on letters from the agents
we do not know whether we get them right or
wrong.
_Mr. CORBETT. This is a very small appro-
priation for about twenty-five or twenty-eight
hundred Indians. It is only about ten dollars
apiece.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Appropriations raised it to $80,000, and I hope
the Senate will adhere to that. 1 think it will
be enough.
Mr. CORBETT. I have the estimate here.
Only about twenty or twenty-five thousand dol-
lars of it would go to this agency. I have a
list of what it is used for :
"For the purchase of blankets and annuity goods
for Indians not parties to any treaty, $5,000.
."For the purchase of medicines, $300.
"For the support of manual labor school, $500.
'For the pay of the employes at Siletz, not pro-
vided for by any treaty, $5,400,"
Which is about the chairman's estimate.
"For pay of employes at Alsea, $2,000."
That is a sub-agency where there is a sub-
agent appointed.
" For the purchaseof nails, hardware, and for build-
ings for Indians, 31,500.
' Forthe ptirchaseofsalfc.beef, and flour, for issue to
Indians, $2,000.
"For the purchase of farming tools, teams, seeds,
sc., jl.OOO.
"For the purchase of iron and steel for blacksmith
shop, goOO."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt they
can make, out an estimate to cover the amount.
Mr. CORBETT. Is this an extraordinary
estimate for twenty-five hundred Indians?
That is the question. There was a treaty made
with these Indians, but it was never ratified,
and it was thought better by the Government
and Congress to make an annual appropriation
of $25,000 for these Indians, and they have
refused to make a treaty. Now we are met
by a reduction even of the annual appropria-
tion. I his does not give these Indians as
much as a treaty would give them. If we do
not want to make a treaty with them, I think
we should make a fair appropriation to main-
tain them on ttie reservation; and unless that
is done they cannot be kept together. I think
it would be wise to make the appropriation.
YATES. I think these appropriations
are all reasonable if the Indians get the monev.
Mr. CORBETT. They will surely get the
money in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the amendment, and declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. CORBETT. I think not.
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question again. If Senators would vote
the Chair could decide very easily. [Having
put the question.] The Chair thinks the ayes
have it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt that.
Mr. CORBE I T. I think so. My colleague
has been spoken to on the importance of this
subject. The Indian agent came on here spe-
cially to get an appronriation in order to main-
tain these Indians.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless a divis-
ion be demanded, the ayes have it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I demand a division.
Mr. FEbSENDEN. I hope we shall have
a division. I did not agree to the amend-
ment. I should like to know whether the
Senate will pass it or not. If the Senator
would agree afterward to strike out " Wash-
ington Territory" in the line above, and make
the appropriation there $20,000, making it al-
together $35,000, which will be adding $5,000,
I do not know that I should object. That is
as much as you can carry.
Mr. CORBETT. I will agree to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will make no
further opposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that there is to be an appropriation
of $1.0,000 for Oregon, and $15,000 for Wash- !
ington Territory.
Mr. COTiBETT. That is the agreement.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The next amendment is
on page 73, to strikeout lines seventeen hun-
dred and eighty-three, seventeen hundred and
eighty-four, seventeen hundred and eighty-five,
and seventeen hundred and eighty-six, in the
following words:
For subsistence, clothing, and general incidental
eXjG«res , e Sisseton, "Wnhpeton, Medawakauton
and VVaupakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians,
at their new homes, $50,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
_ The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spentin executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 1, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order or business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
business unfinished at the adjournment yester-
day, being the bill (H. R. No. 117) to provide
for the organization of a provisional govern-
ment for the State of Mississippi, reported
from the Committee on Reconstruction. On
this bill the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ward] is entitled to the floor.
revision of tariff laws.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution, which the
Committee of Ways and Means have unani-
mously instructed me to offer :
Benched. That the Committee of Ways and Means,
or such sub-committee as they may designate, are
hereby authorized to make examination and revision
ot the tarin laws, and to make investigation of laws
ana regulations relating tocusloin-housesand bonded
warehouses, andareauthorized to examine witnesses,
take testimony and sit during vacation for the pur-
poses of such examination and at such times and
places as they may deem advisable; and the ordinary
ana necessary expenses of such committee or sub-
committee and their clerk shall be paid during the
time they are engaged i-n such examination, and no
other or additional expense shall be incurred ; and
such committee shall report to the House on the
second Monday of the next session of the present
Congress by bill or otherwise.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ninth census.
Mr. STOKES._ 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Ninth Census to ask that the
document which I now present, embracing com-
munications from Dr. Franklin B. Hough and
others relative to the census, be referred to the
Committee on the Census and ordered to be
printed. This document contains information
which is regarded as very valuable by the com-
mittee, and j doubt not it will be by members
of the House.
®^OOKS. it not already printed as
a public document? Does the gentleman want
it reprinted ?
Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir. We want it printed
for the use and benefit of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. The copy which the gen-
tleman has sent to the Clerk's desk was printed,
I ooserve, bv the Public Pi inter.
ilr. SIOKES. Yes, sir; a few copies have
been printed by the Public Printer, at the re-
quest of the chairman of the committee, and
at his own expense, unless the House will a^ree
to order the printing of the document.
Mr. BkOOKS. How many copies does the
gentleman propose to have printed?
Mr. SIOKES. I am not particular aboutthe
number. Only a few copies have been printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
