1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
the gen tie id an from New York [Mr. Brooks]
that where a mere order to print is made a
standing order regulates the number of copies.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not object to the
proposition.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the document will be referred to the Committee
on the Census, and will be ordered to be
prinled.
There was no objection.
transportation of mails on railroads.
Mr. TWICHBLL. I ask unanimous consent
to reportback from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads the bill (H. R. No. 138)
in relation to the transportation of United
States mails by railroad companies.
Mr. WARD. I will yield to allow the bill
to be acted upon if there is no discussion.
The bill was reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to action upon it
now.
joseph p. fyffe.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask permission to re-
port from the Committee on Naval Affairs for
action a bill (H. R. No. 388) for the relief of
Joseph P. Fyffe, commander in the United
States Navy.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury to pay to
Joseph P. E'yffe, commander in the United
States Navy, the difference betwppn the pay
of a lieutenant and that of a lieutenant com-
mander on the active list from the 16th of July,
1862, to the 2d of March, 1807.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
hope the gentleman does not propose to pass
this bill without explanation.
Mr. HOLJIAN. I reserve objection until I
hear the explanation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Commander Fyffe was a
lieutenant in the Navy. He was not recom-
mended lor promotion by the board which sat
in 1862, under the law of 1861, and was there-
fore put on the retired list. But although put
on ttie retired list he was immediately put into
active service, and during the entire war was
in command of a gun-boat, most of the time
on the James river. On account of his gal-
lant conduct during the war a law was passed
by Congress some years ago, upon the unani-
mous recotnmendaiion of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, restoring him to his rank, and
intending also, as it appears from the act itself,
to restore his pay. But by the construction
given to the law by the Fourth Auditor his
pay was withheld. Lieutenant Doty was in the
same category, and an act to give him his pay
was passed afterwards. But Commander Fyffe
was not included. The Navy Committee,
after hearing the parties and consulting with
the Navy Department on the subject, unani-
mously agreed to ask the House to pass this
bill. 1 think it is right, else I should not have
reported it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not been able to
hear the gentleman's remarks distinctly, but I
presume they have been heard by those on the
other side. 1 would inquire to what extei.t
this bill increases the compensation of this
office ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It gives him about $443
a year, I think, from July, 1S62, to March,
1867.
Mr. HOLMAN. How is it that this promo-
tion having taken place the salary does not
folic w ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The construction of the
law by the Fourth Auditor is that inasmuch
as it said nothing about the pay he is not au-
thored to give the pay. He gave the same
consti uction to an act in favor of Lieutenant,
now Commander Doty, and a subsequent res-
olution had to be passed^ giving the pay. I
suppose Commander Fyffe would liave^ been
included if it had been thought, of, but it was
not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
heirs of john gregg.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Committee on Revolutionary
Cliiims be instructed to inquire into and report to
this House upon the claim ot' the heirs of John Gregg,
a revolutionary soldier, who was a lieutenantin the
thirteenth Pennsylvania line, and whose claim has
been favorably passed upon by the Court of Claims.
enrolled bill and joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 3) to amend an act regu-
lating the tenure of certain civil offices ; and
Joint resolution-(H. R. No. 65) to facilitate
the construction of the custom-house at Ban-
gor, Maine.
penitentiaries in territories.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Territories
for action a bill to amend an act approved
January 22, 1867, setting aside certain pro-
ceeds of internal revenue for the erection of
penitentiaries in the Territories of Nebraska,
Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Ari-
zona, and Dakota.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that so much of the act of January 22,
1867, setting aside certain proceeds from in-
ternal revenue for the erection of penitentiaries
in the Territories of Nebraska, Washington,
Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Da-
kota, which directs the Secretary of the Interior
to cause to be erected penitentiary buildings
in the said several Territories, shall be so
amended as to place under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury the erection of the
said penitentiaries and the expenditure of the
money set, aside for the purpose.
Mr. CULLOII. I desire to state the object
of this bill. U nder the law passed in 18G7 the
building of penitentiaries was placed under the
control of the Secretary of the Interior. The
Secretary of the Interior has sent a communi-
cation to the House, in which he states that he
has no supervising architect under his control,
and therefore suggests that it be turned over
to the Secretary of the Treasury. The object
of this bill is simply to accomplish that purpose;
nothing else.
Mr. SOEENCK. I do not object to the
reporting of the bill, but I desire to be heard
upon it.
Mr. WARD. Then I must object. I can-
not yield for anything that gives rise to debate.
Mr. CULLOM. 1 hope the gentleman from
Ohio will allow the bill to pass.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have a great deal of
information from the Interior Department
upon this subject, which was before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CULLOM. I will state that this bill is
the result of a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. SCHENCK. He refers in the papers I
hold in my hand to that communication.
Mr. CULLOM. Is the gentleman against
the hill ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I am against part of the
bill.
Mr. CULLOM. Then I withdraw the bill.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from j
the Committee on Commerce, reported back, 1
with an amendment, the bill (H. R. No. 214)
making an appropriation for the improvement
of riveis and haiborsfor the fiscal year ending
June 80, 1869. and the fiscal year ending June
30, 1870 ; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
committee-room.
Mr. AENELL, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Education and Labor, re-
poiled the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the room occupied by Mi s Yinuie ru-ani
is now being vacated :
lievohed. That the same be and is hereby assigned
to the Committees on Education an4 Labor and
Ercedmen's AlTaus.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tacancies in office.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 359) to define vacan-
cies in office and to provide for filling thesame,
and to regulate resignations of office j which
was read a first and seeond time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAYIS asked unanimous conseDt that
the committee have leave to report the bill at
any time.
Mr. BEAMAN objected.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
frauds upon the government.
Mr. DAVIS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 360) to encourage
the detection of frauds upon the Government,
and to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to direct the commencement of actions therefor;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Jadieiary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred -. and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
captain john w. gall.
Mr. HAY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of Captain
John \Y. Gall; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
william johnston.
Mr. HAY also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
362) granting a pension to William Johnston ;
which was read a first and second time,_ and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
lands in illinois.
Mr. HAY also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
303} to confirm the title to certain lands in
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, and Referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
navy regulations.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (II. R. No. 68) to
legalize ceitain regulations of the Navy of the
United States ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vari-
ous votes of reference; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
r eco x st k u c t r o x missi ssi p pi.
Mr. JENCKES and Mr. RANDALL called
i for the regular order of business.
i The House accordingly resumed, as the regu-
lar order of business, the consideration of the
bill (H. R- No. 147) to provide for the organ-
ization of a provisional government for the
