1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
Virginia, has had from the commencement a
Union majority. The census of 1860 shows
that there were 437,40-1 colored people in that
State and 353.809 white people, showing a
majority of the colored population of 83,605.
Now, at, the rate of one voter for every five of
the population there is a majority of the colored
vote of 17,000, and with the white Unton vote
added the majority will be largely increased.
Su we hj-ve just this condition of things: we
have a Slate that has been without representa-
tion for eight years; a State that has been
without civil government of any kind for four
years ; a State where the majority of the people
have been all the while loyal to the Govern-
ment ; a State where if a fair election should
be held there would be established a loyal,
civil government which the loyal people would
be able to maintain.
Now, what is the proposition on the other
side? It is to prevent the restoration of civil
government in that State. For what purpose ?
Why, it is known to gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber, if not to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fap.xsworth,]
that if another election takes place under the
auspices of the Union men of Mississippi, now
that General Grant is President, with the mil-
itary to cooperate with the civil power, there
would be an overwhelming majority given for
this constitution, and the State would come
back into the Union with loyal representatives
and loyal officers throughout the State.
, Now, why postpone this measure? Why
keep these people under military government
a year longer. Why put olf this '' consumma-
tion so devoutly to be wished ?'' Have we not
commenced the work of reconstruction and
restored six States already upon this principle ?
Why stop now? Why be balked by rebel ter-
rorism, fraud, perjury, and crime? Why
allow these'rebel combinations to stand? Why
is the gentleman from Massachusetts, with his
great influence and commanding power, stand-
ing up here to advocate a postponement that
can only result to the benefit of traitors? I
impugn not his motives ; I concede to him the
best of faith ; but I insist that the success of
the motion to postpone is to perpetuate rebel
control in the State of Mississippi for another
year. The military is but a handful; it can
control only a small portion of the State It
goes not into every hamlet and town. It is
not stationed in every household. It does not
enforce every writ or process. The whole
machinery of the State is yet in the hands of
the rebels, and the Unionist may have to go to
pome distant country to obtain the protection
of the military. General Grant can and will
do all that is in the power of man. He is a
peerless chieftain, occupying the high position
to which the people have justly assigned him ;
he will do every thing he can, sitting in his
place here in Washington, to give protection
to the Union people of the South. But how
can he here extend to them full protection ?
They need civil government. They need the
protection of a home government. They need
to take control of their own domestic organ-
ization. Why not give them that control? The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawf.s]
tells us that until the people are ready to come
up to the great work he is not ready to give
them reconstruction. That was the substance
of his argument. I tell him that the people
are ready; that a majority of the people m the
proportion of three to two are ready for this
thing now. The Unionists of Mississippi are
in the majority. They only need the protec-
tion of civil government, and when they get
it they will hold these men that have oppressed
and robbed and imposed upon them tor the
last eight years in subjection.
Bat gentlemen ask, why revive the con-
vention? They say of the convention that it
is J'ltnrlux officio. I deny that proposition, and
I wish to call the attention of gentlemen to a
single ordinance that was passed by that con-
vention. It is as follows:
" Sue. 12. When this convention adjourns itshall be
subject to the call of the coramitteeof five appointed
by this convention: Provided, That should the con-
stitution be ratified, this convention shall thereafter
be deemed adjourned sine die, but in case the con-
stitution should not be ratified, then the convention
may be reconvened by said committee."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York a question. *
Mr. WARD. I will first yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] who
desires to ask me a question.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman if all that was necessary to per-
petuate that body was for the body itself to so
resolve, and whether the consent of the body
that created and gave it power was not neces-
sary to give it perpetuity? And if the con-
vention is still alive, and not functus officio,
what is the necessity of this attempt, to revive
it by an act of Congress? It seems to me that
the gentlemen of the committee agreed with
me that the convention is dead, for they attempt
to raise it from the dead by an act of Congress.
Mr. WARD. I thank the gentleman for his
inquiry. I was about to answer what he has
now suggested in the form of a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I could not hear the
question put to the gentleman from New York
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] but I am suspicious that it is the
same question, or substantially the same, that
I intended to propound to him, and it was this:
I desire to know by what authority a conven-
tion elected for a particular purpose and hav-
ing accomplished that purpose can then resolve
that it will meet at a subsequent period for
for another purpose? How did it get that
power? By what authority could the conven-
tion resolve itself into perpetual existence,
and hereafter make another constitution, or
amend the constitution which they had already
made and submitted to the people?
Mr. WARD. The question which the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has propounded is
somewhat similar, though not as elaborate as
the one presented by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. I suppose, sir, that it is compe-
tent for the constitutional convention, the time
for the action of which is not limited, to adjourn
from time to time.
I suppose it is competent for a convention
to adjourn subject to the call of a committee
appointed by the convention. I suppose that |
the official existence of a convention does not ]
end until its final adjournment. I never before
heard the doctrine advanced—as it is int'er-
entially by the questions gentlemen put to me.
now—that a convention, even one charged
with a specific purpose, was compelled to meet
in continual session day after day ; that it could
not take a recess or have an adjournment or
have anything of that; sort that it could not
submit distinct questions to the people and
reserve the right to reassemble until the result
of their deliberations upon those distinct ques-
tions are known. At any rate, whatever may
be the legal effect of this matter, the conven-
tion did not intend to make a final adjourn-
ment, and they have made no final adjourn-
ment. They stated t^at if the constitution was
accepted by the people of Mississippi then the
committee authorized by them should adjourn
the convention sine die; but that if the con- '
stitution was not ratified, then the inference
is. though not stated in so many words, that the
convention should again reassemble. Now. the
constitution was submitted to the people. The
committee appointed by the convention thought
that the constitution was ratified by the people,
and they so reported to Congress. The com-
manding general did not so think, and he re-
ported to Congress that the eoastitiuion was
not ratified by the people of that State. The
subject now comes before us. and we are to
say whether this constitution shall atram be
submitted to the people ot Mississippi. At
best it was doubtful whether the constitution
was ratified or not. I think it was ratified, lhe
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. 1).wes]
seems not to think so. What does this bill
propose? It proposes to solve all doubts by
submitting the constitution again to the people.
But gentlemen say that this convention ia
not to be trusted. They do not make any
charges against the convention. I failed to
get specifications from the distinguished gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.J I
sought to ask him a question, but he courteously
refused to allow me to do so. 1 insist that
without more specific reasons to convince us
there is no reason why this body of men who
framed the constitution should not be trusted
to reassemble and to resubmit their work.
Now, I say that the Union men of the South,
the pioneer men of the South, whether they
formerly resided there or went there carpet-
bag in hand to help to reconstruct- the govern-
ments of those States, are entitled to our high-
est respect and consideration. They have
braved as many perils and as many dangers
as any set of men have ever endured in the
service of their country. Next to the men
who fought our battles on the field stand the
men who are fighting our battles in the South,
in endeavoring to rescue those States from
rebel control and terrorism and bring them
back in their right minds and in harmonious
relations with the Federal Government.
Sir, it does not become gentlemen on the
other side of this Chamber, who sit here in
this marble building upon soft seats, to get up
here and flippantly and contemptuously 'de-
nounce those brave men for their conduct. If
they have atij' charges to make agaiust them,
let them make tlieni now. If this Mississippi
convention was composed of unworthy men,
let us know it. But they are not to be whistled
down the wind and contemned and despised
because gentlemen in their places here choose
to insinuate something about, them. You can
insinuate anything; you can blast the fairest
reputation by insinuations. You can go down
into the pools of slander and drag up what men
who desire to do so can whisper against the
reputation of men, and parade it as troth. But
that should not be allowed to influence the
action of a deliberative body. 1 apprehend that
the men who composed this convention are as
respectable and honorable and creditable as
the men upon this floor who denounce them.
They have gone through scenes, my friends, that
would "harrowup" the bioodot aiany of these
accusers in this Hall and make
"Each particular hair to stand on end,
Like quills upon the ti-eil'ul porcupine."
And it does not become you to stand up here
and denounce them. Having said this much
of the Unionists of the South, I say the men
who framed this constitution and submitted it
to the people are fit depositaries of this trust
again.
What is the character of the instrument
which they presented for the action of the
people? I challenge your attention to this
constitution. I ask you to examine it and see
what fault you can find with it. The traitor
finds fault with it, because it disfranchises him
to some extent. Che atheist finds fault with it,
because it does not allow him to hold office, as
he does not believe in a God. But every lover
of liberty: every friend of his race ; every
friend of humanity; every man who believes
in lifting up the poor to the level of the rich
in point of political rights; every man who
believes in leveling all distinctions which have
cursed those southern men and brought about
this rebellion; every man who believes in giving
a homestead to the poor without distinction on
account of race or color; every man who is
willing to exact of the citizen only that he
shall bring to the support of his country an
honest love and the holiest allegiance he can
give—every such man wiil find in this consti-
tution a perfect and nobie embodiment of gov-
ernment. You could not frame a better paper.
Call them " carpet-baggers;' call them "scal-
awags ;'' turn up your noses and sneer at them
as much as you please; they are earnest,, faith-
ful. brave men who have gone to work m the
prooer spirit to frame a good government and
to reconstruct the State of Mississippi, and
thev have presented to you this constitution.
Now, what do we propose? We propose
