428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
that as it is a doubtful question whether or not
the constitution has been adopted to resubmit
it. Who is to resubmit it? We say the con-
vention that framed it. If there is nothing to
i show the incompetency or want of character of
the members of this convention submitting it,
then what is the objection? Why, we are told
that the bill provides that the convention shall
appoint a provisional governor. So it does.
We are told further that this provisional gov-
ernor is to appoint officers in the various elec-
tion districts in order to secure a fair election.
Si it does. Then comes the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] swiftly becomes with
his amendment to strike out this provision and
to give this power to ihe President of the Uni-
ted States. Just as if anybody bad any sus-
picion of the President of the United States ;
just as if it required the indorsement of that
side of the House to give him character and
respectability. No man on this side has any
want of confidence in that President. But if
the objection made to this provision is sound
and urged in good faith, why do cot the gen-
tlemen who make it propose to strike down the
provision of law which authorizes the Post-
master General to appoint all postmasters
whose salaries are less than $1,000'/ Is not
such a provision a reflection on the President?
It must be, according to the theory urged here.
Why not take away from the Secretary of .the
Treasury and all the other heads of Depart-
ments the power to appoint their subordinates?
Is not the provision of law allowing appoint-
ments to be made in that way a reflection on
the President as much as the one under con-
sideration? Why have not these champions
for the power of the President introduced
propositions to relieve these heads of Depart-
ments of this-appointing power? Why, sir, to
show you the confidence which the committee
who drafted this bill have in the President of
the United States, let me read the fourth sec-
tion of the bill:
That the said provisional governor may remove
from office in said State any person holding office
therein, and may appoint a successor in his stead;
and may also fill all vacancies that may occur by
death, resignation, or otherwise, subject, however,—
Listen to this—
subject, however, in all removals and appointments,
to the orders and directions of the President ol' the
United States; and the President of the United
States may at any time remove the said provisional
governor, and appoint a successor in his stead.
The ultimate power, the supreme control, is
with the President. Jf the people of Missis-
sippi, through their delegates in the conven-
tion, select as provisional governor-an im-
proper man the President has the power to
remove him. If this governor should make
any improperappointmentsordo any improper
act all his acts are under the supervision of
the president. Does such a proposition indi-
cate any want of confidence in the President?
No: it simply indicates a desire to maintain
in this bill the great principle of reserving
wherever we can to the people of the States
the right to select their own officers. In order
that the improper exercise of this right may
not infringe upon the public peace and good
order, we propose to intrust to the President
the authority tocorrectany evj that may arise
in this matter. Thus all these objections are
dissolved into " thin air."
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Daivbs] has discovered another objection. He
has discovered that it is unconstitutional for
the convention to electa provisional governor.
He argues, as I understand, that the appoint-
ing power, with- respect to all offices, is with
the President and the Senate, except so far as
'■ Congress mny by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper
in the President, alone, in the courts of law, or
in the heads of Departments;" and the propo-
sition of this bill, he contends, is in conflict
with that provision of the Constitution. Now
let us look back a little into the history of our
reconstruction legislation and see whether my
honorable friend is not estopped from taking
such a position. I refer the gentleman to the
fourth eeetion of the supplemental reconstruc-
tion act-of March 23, 1867, wherein it is pro1
vided that the commanding general of each
district shall appoint boards of registration to
superintend the election. I refer the gentle-
man further to the second section of the sup-
plementary reconstruction act of July 19,1807,
which authorizes the district commanders to
suspend or remove any State officers in their
respective districts and appoint others to fill
their places temporarily; and by the third sec-
tion the General of the Army is invested with
the same power.
Did not my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] approve and vote for these acts where
the appointing power is not vested in the
President or in the courts or in any Depart-
ment? And why did he approve them? Upon
the same principle that we insist upon, that
this measure should be passed now ; that is,
that under the clause of the Constitution we
are required to give to every State in the Union
that is yet unreconstructed or without civil
government a republican form of government.
The Congress must do that, and in carrying
out the requirement Congress has assumed,
and rightly so, the power to judge of the agen-
cies which it shall adopt. What agencies have
we proposed in reconstruction bills heretofore?
Just such as we thought proper. We thought
proper to vest in the military commander the
right of appointment and removal. We may
think proper now to authorize this convention
to undertake the work of reconstruction for
the purpose of restoring civil government to
this State under a proper republican form. I
think it is wise to do so.
We are told to let the matter sleep, to put
off the day of reconstruction in Mississippi,
because influences are at work which will work
it clear by and by. Suppose we had adopted
that theory at the first, would things have
worked themselves out clear in North Caro-
lina, South Caroliua, Florida, and Arkansas ?
That, sir, was Andrew Johnson's theory, " Let
it work out, no matter how ; let rebels work it
out." I cannot disguise from myself the feel-
ing that such is the animus of the opposition
to this bill that the rebels should work it out.
1 am opposed to that sort of policy.
But gentlemen say we must protect the Union
men by the military. Do you want to protect
the Union men when they are in the majority
of three to two? I grant you that in a State
like Texas, and perhaps like Virginia, where
the Union element is in the minority, we are
bound to protect these men by such legislation
as we can adopt. We are bound to extend to
them, if you please, the protection of the mil-
itary until they can take care of themselves.
But that is not this case. In Mississippi the
Union men are in the majority. All they want
is the instrumentality by which they can pro-
tect themselves, and that instrumentality is
this: give to them a State government; allow
them to reassemble their convention ; allow
them to control the appointment of their regis-
try officers; allow them to be protected, not by a
conservative general, not by a man in sympathy
with Andrew Johnson, i^>t by that contempt-
ible help which springs only from opposition
at heart, but with earnest help, such as our
President and his subordinates will give them.
Let the constitution be submitted atonce; then,
if the people adopt it, at the commencement
of the next Congress we can receive it back
and restore it side by side with the other recon-
structed States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
tell us why not resubmit the constitution as I
propose in mybill; or is he advocating my bill ?
Mr. WARD. The gentleman offers a bill at
the last hour. He throws it like a tub to a
whale, for he gets up here and tells us in effect
that he does not believe a word of it; for that
is the substance of his argument for postpon-
ing this bill. 1 undertook to ask the gentle-
man yesterday how he would relieve the matter
by postponing it, and I could not get my ques-
tion in. I contend that the convention now
haspowerto reassemble without congressional
action; but there being doubt about the ques-
tion this legislation seems necessary. Anything
that looks like reconstiuction or restoration ;
anything that will bring peace ; nnything that
will bring back this State into the phalanx of
the Republic with not a single right or priv-
ilege abated except such as are necessary for
the preservation of the Union ; anything that
will lift up the downtrodden Unionists from
their darkness and despair and place them iii
their proper position!
But I am against procrastination. I am
against the continuance of military govern-
ment, because however well it may be admin-
istered it is at best vicious for a whole people.
It breeds distemper; it breeds trouble. It
should not be persisted in, except under cir-
cumstances of the greatest necessity. That
necessity has passed away in the State of Mis-
sissippi ; and now let us pa?s this bill; let us
permit the people of the State to reconstruct
their government upon a loyal basis. Because
gentlemen object that this constitution to some
extent disfranchises traitors ; because conser-
vatives and the representatives of treason sur-
round this Hall and seek to throw every
obstruction in the way of this bill; because
personal ambition is seeking to defeat this
bill—because of all these things, I submit that
it should not be defeated, but that it should
pass. I thank the House for its attention.
Mr. FARNSWOR I'H. Will the gentleman
allow me to answer his question?
Mr. WARD. I desire to yield whatever time
I have left to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Wiiittemore.]
Mr. FARNSWOR L'H. Does the gentleman
decline to allow me to answer his question ?
Mr. WARD. Well, I will hear the gentle-
man.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Thegentleman asked
what reason I had for making the motion to
postpone. My reply is that it seemed to me
to be the judgment, of the House that this ques-
tion had better be postponed until another
session.
Mr. WARD. On that I take issue with the
gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My own judgment
is that we had better pass the substitute that 1
introduced—and I certainly never introduced
anything in better faith—which by a short cut
provides for the resubmission of this constitu-
tion, which my friend says js a good one, to
the voters of that State—and he says himself
they would adopt it if protected by the Presi-
dent—instead of leaving it to the convention,
whose interest it will be after they get the
offices of the State to prolong the contest and
keep the State out of the Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman answer me ooe question ? Why did
he not bring his bill before the Reconstruction
Committee, of which he is a member?
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. lsuggested thevery
principle of the bill in the committee and
advocated the very thing which is embraced in
mybill in the committee, as the chairman very
well knows.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You had
two days to bring in the bill, and you never
did it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was given until
the constitution of Mississippi was printed, and
the gentleman did not get it printed in two
days.
Mr. WARD. I propose to leave this work
of reconstruction to its friends, who have the
most interest in its success, and we know the
convention are such. I want when we submit
this constitution to the people of Mississippi
again to submit it in such a way that the Union
men of the State will have an opportunity to
vote and exercise faiily the elective franchise.
The reassembling of the convention, -the
appointment of a provisional governor, the
appointment of loyal registrars, and all that
sort of thing, which the gentleman's bill does
not contemplate, seems to be necessary to
carry on and complete the work.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman is
mistaken. My bill does provide for the appoint-
