1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the bill presented by the chairman of the
Committee on Iteeonstruction, to provide for
the organization of a provisional government
in Mississippi. It will secure the object so
devoutly wished by the people of Mississippi,
who honestly desire to be speedily restored to
the Union.
Why were reconstruction acts passed? What
was the cause of a special legislation for apor-
tionof our country? It is unnecessary fur me
to remind those who are to decide what shall
be done with Mississippi that the States of the
South severed their connection with the Fed-
eral Union maliciously, traitorously, so far as
they by legislation and the force of arms could
do so. Their rebellious effort was overthrown
after a sanguineous, protracted strife. With a
cessation ot'open, organized warfare therecame
a necessity to provide for the return of the
States to civil rule and national representation.
Laws had been enacted during the rebellion by
the rebellious States which were in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States recog-
nizing an allegiance to a power once belliger-
ent, attempted to be established within the ter-
ritory of the United States, but no longer in
existence.
Provisional governors were appointed for
the purpose of inaugurating a new rule. They
called together the tormer great disrupters of
our national compact, under instructions from
Audicvv Johnson, and it was hoped they would
undo what they had done so disastrous to the
peace and prosperity of the whole country.
The very actors upon the field of conflict, the
instigators of secession, the signers of that
mock: declaration of independence, the ordi-
nance of secession, the very men who had
stirred up sedition wild, rebellion foul, congre-
gated at the several capitals of the South and
commenced the work of reform—a reconstruc-
tion of their State form of government., that
they might be allowed to fill their vacant seats
in the councils of the nation they had endeav-
ored to divide. It is not wonderful that these
States, with such elements in their Johnsonian
convention, with men sitting in coats of gray
buttoned up by confederate buttons, failed to
accomplish what Congress, the guardian of the
national weal and the country, felt was neces-
sary to prevent the scepter falling into the
hands of such as would betray the trust con-
iided, the clemency extended.
President Johnson, in his collusion with dis-
armed but unreconciled rebels, assuming the
whole right to say how and when the States
should be reconstructed, giving satisfaction in
his policy to none but paroled traitors, com-
pelled Congress to adopt a policy which should
protect all men who recognized their paramount
allegiance to the United States and restrain
such as placed the State before the Federal
power. Through Mr. Johnson's administra-
tion there was continual antagonism between
the two policies, which, like the upper and
nether mill-stones, ground severely the uncom-
promising supporter of loyalty and the earnest
vindicator of an equality before the laws.
In reviewing the history of events when they
were altogether under the control of those 1
have referred to, what was the result? Did
the Legislatures aceeptthe propositions of Con-
gress ? On the other hand, did they not 111 every
instance reject these propositions? When Con-
gress called upon them to conform to a liberal
requirement, to extend a republican form of
government to all the people, they enacted
the most odious laws; they established codes
blacker in their character than the skin of that
race thev discriminated so unjustly against.
Thev knew that the slave had been emancipated,
but they were determined to make his freedom
so burdensome as to extort the confession that
his last condition was worse than his first.
The civil rights bill, the Freedmen s Bureau
bill, the constitutional amendments, all parts
of the congressional reconstiuetion policy or
acts, one after the other, were the consequence
ol' the continued and increased opposition
which the Legislatures of the South showed to
the progress of a peaceful settlement of the
troubles which, as yet, are not wholly removed.
Not only did these legislators of their own
accord agree to oppose any scheme or plan of
reconstruction which Congress presented, but
they were advised, urged, and encouraged so to
do by the executive head of the Government.
Under sueh a tutoiship nothing but chaos
could grow out of the whole legislation at the
South. Violence increased ; wrongs of every
nature were perpetrated; assassins committed
their devilish deeds by day and by night; mur-
ders were frequent and repeated throughout
the South ; life, property, peace, everything
was at the mercy of an unsettled, unsatisfied,
unrepentant, still rebellious horde.
At length military commanders were ap-
pointed over military divisions created to bring
into a more complete control the still chaotic
South. As the white men did not conspire
together to return to the Union under the pro-
posed forms of Congress, and neglected to act
in accordance therewith, the ballot was given
to the black man, and the military command-
ers were ordered to their divisions ; elections
for constitutional conventions were called;
constitutional conventions were held, and the
real work of reconstruction began.
But, Mr. Speaker, in every instance where
these commanders were found to be in sympathy
with the congressional plan of reconstruction
they were removed as far from the scene of the
work of rehabilitation as possible, and such
chieftains as suited the apostate President sub-
stituted. Such commanders were to be alone
the oracles and echoes of the Johnsonian pol-
icy, which meant, let the rebels do as they
please.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I undertake to say in
every State where commanders who were be-
lievers in the policies of Congress cooperated
with the loyal men of those States in the work
of reconstruction that those States are to-day
represented in Congress, restored to a civil
form of government, reconstructed upon an
equal-rights basis, and comparatively enjoying
peace, prosperity, and quiet; while, on the
other hand, those States which have been
under the regime of commanders who sympa-
thised with Andrew Johnson's policy arc to-
day either in disorder or unreconstructed and
unrepresented.
The solution of the better condition of North
Carolina and South Carolina as compared with
others of the southern States is that a Canhy
was in command of the second military dis-
trict while the work of reconstruction in those
States was being perfected. Had Sheridan
been suffered to remain in Louisiana and the
opposite of a Stoneman been placed over Vir-
ginia ; had Reynolds been continued in Texas
and Gillem been sent to the plains, thaj a truer
than ho might have directed the machinery of
reconstruction in Mississippi, we should not
have been to-day discussing a bill to provide
for the provisional government of Mississippi.
I undertake to assert that the present unhappy,
unsatisfactory condition of affaus in Georgia
is attributable to the management of General
Meade, who has exhibited but little interest in
the cause of the reconstruction of that State.
Much is said of the character of the men
that composed the convention which framed
the constitution for the State of Mississippi.
We are told that the iiist families, the intelli-
gent property-holders, did not have anything
to do with '■ the odious compilation of articles
or sections which makeup the constitution of
that. State." Nor would they have anything
to do with it,. The class alluded to had been
prominent leaders in disunion. How could
they act as the agents of the government the\
scorned to restore to the Lmon - It. is a victo-
rious fact that the majority of those guilty of
rebellion despise a civil government ,v"bpfp
loyal men have the controlling power, and Will
not connect themselves witn it. ^ "Strangers,
instead of residents, have dono'.ne won*.'5 wo
are told, and for this reason '• the true or real
interests of the State were not represented'^ by
the one hundred that madeun the convention.
These and kindred assertions have been made
to prejudice our decisions, to convince us that
an outrage has been committed upon the wor-
thy ''natives of the soil,'' and that to further
compel them to submit would be an insult too
grievous to be borne.
Now, the fact of the case is, the few thou-
sand that gentlemen (who believe reconstruc-
tion to be wrong from the beginning) would
have us imagine or concede to be " the back-
bone, the sinew and mnscleof Mississippi," are
those who not only failed to conform to the
propositions of Congress when they held the
reins in their own hands, but, like the dog in
the manger, used eveiy exertion to prevent
such as desired and honestly believed it a duty
to aid in the restoration of civil order and rule
from the performance of that duty. They could
have sent men to the convention of their own
stripe and faith, but they preferred to take no
part in voting for or forming the convention.
They counseled people to stay away from the
polls, and by word and act endeavored to pre-
vent the convention being held. But they did
not succeed. The convention was called : ii
assembled with its one hundred members, six-
teen of whom were negroes, the repiesenta-
tives of an emancipated class, whose status had
been changed by the results of war, who were
ready to bring the old State back again by con-
stitutional means to the place from which she
had been taken ; as ready to obey the require-
ments of that power which had severed the
shackles from their limbs and pronounced theia
free, as they had been to shelter the starving
Union soldier when escaping from the prison-
pens of the South, or pilot him through the
marshes, forests, and rebel lines to the patriot
camps and columns. And for this laudable
effort they have been maligned aud pronounced
as •'the rif-raf " of theirown race, plunderers
aud tools of an illegal Congress.
Nor is it true that there were neither men
of intelligence or property or '"to the manner
born'1 in the convention. There were men of
legal attainments, of qualifications fitting them
for a position in any deliberative assembly ;
and the accusation that Mississippi was not
represented falls to the ground, as do all the
assertions of the enemies of reconstruction.
A new element, also, was mixed with the
daring Union man of Mississippi and the eu<-
franchised black man, namely : the patriot sol-
diers and officers of the Federal Army, who had
become the planters, merchants, lawyers, prop-
erty holders, enterprising citizens ol Missis-
sippi, such as had cast their luture with the
State, wrested from its false andfatalallegiance
| to a confederacy that had thrown arouud it a
i thraldom equaled only by that "sum of all
! villainies'' now so happily swept from our na.-
i tional domain. \\ ith Mississippi their tortunes
! were linked. All of their worldly possessions
: were invested in thatwhich alone could advan-
i tage the whole people. They were as much
| residents of Mississippi as the law could make
them, and altogether so by their interests aud
enterprises.
I have said there were one hundred mem-
bers of the convention, and to show that its
membership was not altogether migratory, it is
necessary only to say that about one fifth of
the whole number were " strangers.' so called,
or born out of the State. In this convention
there were sixteen lawyers, fully enough to
frame all the provisions of the constitution—
the ordinances wliieh have been so severely
criticised and provoke legislation, wise and
unwise, to an extent unlimited—thirty-two
planters and farmers, eleven merchants, thir-
teen physicians, nine clergymen, twelve me-
chanics, two teachers, two accountants, two
postmasters, and one banker. Of the twenty-
two born in the northern States nineteen en
tered the Federal Army as privates at the com-
mencement of the rebellion, and at the clo^e
of the war two hud risen to the rank of general,
one a colonel, four to majors, live captains,
two lieutenants; giving evidence at least oS
worth, ability, and appreciation. Such was
the personnel of the convention which tongues,
glib with vituperative utterances, and mintls,
