1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
provide that the constitution submitted shall
be the child of that convention which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] pro-
poses to revive. The substitute bill of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth]
proposes that it shall be the orphan, but still
legitimate child, of the late convention. The
committee bill proposes that it be a posthu-
mous, unnatural offspring of a galvanized
corpse. One bill proposes that the constitu-
tion which the convention has created shall be
submitted ; the other that some constitution
which the convention may hereafter create
shall be submitted. Sir,
" We know what we are,
But we know not what we may bo."
Congress has uniformly exacted from the
States lately in rebellion two things as a con-
dition-precedent to restoration to equality of
political rights and privileges. First, that they
should in their State constitutions ratify the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States ; and second, that they should
prohibit in their State constitutions the exclu-
sion of any class from the ballot-box on account
of race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude. Beyond this we did not go. Disfranchise-
ment and confiscation were words expunged
from our political vocabulary. We were con-
tent to leave the rest of the details of recon-
struction to time and circumstance. Does the
State constitution, which this defunct State
convention of Mississippi created and the peo-
ple of Mississippi by a small majority refused
to ratify, not comply with these essentials ?
Does it not indeed go beyond them, and pro-
pose to disfranchise those whom Congress was
willing toenfranchiseand who are enfranchised
in eight out of the eleven States lately in re-
bellion? And because it went beyond the let-
ter and spirit of the reconstruction laws it was
defeated by a people who were too wise to dis-
franchise themselves and too generous to dis-
franchise their neighbors. It was defeated
because this general disfranchising clause was
not submitted separately, and rather than ac-
cept it with this clause they chose to go with-
out a State constitution and remain in a state
of civil chaos. Do you blame them for this ?
If you do, then why do you propose that the
convention you are endeavoring to re-create
shall provide for a separate submission of this
clause next September? If you do not blame
them, then why not submit th.is constitution
and this clause to them separately and directly
without causing such submission to first pass
through a convention which has exceeded the
bounds of congressional condition once, and
may do so again ? If the people of Mississippi
will ratify this State constitution at all, will they
not ratify it as soon at our hands as after it has
again gone through a State convention legis-
lated into life for that and other purposes ? If
thisState constitution is such a one as is accept-
able to us, why not submit it? If not accept-
able, why not provide for a new State conven-
tion to frame another State constitution ? The
late State convention doubtless did the best
piece of work possible for them to do. If good,
let it be accepted. If bad, let us try other
workmen, and not remit an imperfect and
badly constructed edifioe to those who marred
it in the first place.
Pat, sir, it is not in this organic law pro-
posed for Mississippi, or in the mode of its
submission, that we find any great difference
between the bills under consideration. It is
in the mode prescribed for governing Missis-
sippi pending the adoption of any constitution
of State government. The substitute biil of
Mr. Famsworth proposes non-interference
with the present military government of Mis-
sissippi; the bill of Mr. Sutler proposes to
vest in the resurrected State convention of
Mississippi powers they were never elected to
exorcise, and with which they ought not, in
my judgment, to be intrusted. It proposes to
ere^t them into a State Legislature, with full
power over the treasury, the resources, the
lands, and the credit of Mississippi, and be-
ybnd that the power to create the Executive of
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 28.
the State, who is in turn to create all the other
ofiicers. Is there a republic, is there a consti-
tutional monarchy, is there a popular govern-
ment on earth with legislative and executive
branches and with a veto power vested in the
Executive, which permits its Legislature to
elect the executive? Suppose a legislative body
which was not devoted to the public welfare
or watchful of public property or economical
of the public treasure; in other words, sup-
pose a legislature destitute of public virtue—
I do not mean to intimate that the dead con-
vention of Mississippi would don such a cos-
tume for its resurrection suit—but suppose, in
the list of human possibilities, that such a
legislative body should somewhere assemble;
then the safety, the honor, the solvency of the
State would be in the hands of the Governor,
and the Governor should be entirely independ-
ent, both in theory and in lact, of the Legisla-
ture. He should not be tied by personal obli-
gation nor restraint fiom independent action
by personal pledge. But when you give a
majority of the Legislatuie the power to make
the Governor you give that majority, if it be
corrupt, the power to make a coriupt Gov-
ernor. The stream cannot rise higher than
the fountain. And when you vest 111 a Gov-
ernor so chosen the power to appoint every
officer in the State you offer a premium to chi-
canery, nepotism, and public corruption. You
invito memboBS to vote themselves an ollico by
voting for an Executive who will pay them with
offices for their votes, and then anything but
the Jelfersouiau standard will be the qualifi-
cation for place. Sir, but once in the history
of our Government since our Electoral Col-
lege was created has the election of a Pres-
ident been thrown into this House; and the
lapse of nearly half a century, and the tide of
war and the mighty growth ol empire, have not
served to efface the heart-burnings and public
injury and stain upon the lair lame of great
statesmen which that election left.
Our system of State legislative election of
United States Senators, even, has been fruitful
of public corruption and indecent barter. Let
us not extend the worst and most extreme fea-
ture of a vicious theory to a State whose bat-
tered aud bleeding foun we are now trying to
raise from the earth, and which we hope to help
to a vigorous aud loyal manhood again. Lot
the President appoint a provisional governor
of Mississippi. Let Mississippi be governed
for a while by an officer of the Army. Do any-
thing but that which the bill of the committee
proposes. Gentlemen ask us if we wish to con-
tinue a military government in Mississippi.
Better that than a government which is neither
civil nor military, but which would be the gov-
ernment of an unchosen, irresponsible, ambi-
tious, and self-seeking oligarchy. I make no
personal attack upon the members of the late
Mississippi convention. I mean no personal
disrespect to them. I do not know one of them
even by name. My objection is to the plan,
and not to the persons who would be officially
resurrected to carry out the plan.
Sir, let me say in conclusion that my earnest
hope and desire is that the people of Missis-
sippi and Virginia and Texas may very soon
be restored to practical political relations with
this Government, and I favor the bill of the
gentleman from Illinois because it seems to me
to be calculated to bring about that result. I
have scarcely more than a boy's recollection of
the days when Mississippi and her sister States
swayed the legislation of this House and con-
trolled the destinies of the country. It was not
my fortune to participate in or be brought
personally in contact with the war into which
Mississippi and her sister States plunged this
nation. In a frontier community by the far
Pacific I did what I could in my poor way to
strengthen the loosening cords of allegiance
aud express the sympathy our loyal people felt
with the cause of freedom and union. I came
here without rancor, without prejudice, with-
out memories to interfere between the best
interests of the whole oountry and the perform-
ance of my duty as a Representative. I find
these southern people still unrepresented, still
distracted, still m a condition of civil turbulence
aud material stagnation. I would like to see
the vacant seats in this Hall filled. I would
like to know that lil'e was safe, that pioperty
was secure, that order and law vveie estab-
lished, that railroads were being built and
canals constructed and lauds cleared and
wealth accumulating in the South. I would
like to feel that that part of the country was
contributing, aud was able to contribute, her
portion toward relieving the burden of the
public debt. I believe that the bill of the gen-
tleman from Illinois will eontiibute more than
the biil of the gentlemnn from Massachusetts
to bring about this result; and when I go back
to the people who trusted me with the right to
partieipatein your councils, and they say, ■' We
gave you a voice and a vote; have you used
them to help or to hurt the country I wish
to be able to answer that, to the best of my
judgment, I have done that which I believed
would soonest and best restore those wander-
ing southern stars to their place in the na-
tional constellation.
Air. MAYNAKD. I yield the remainder of
my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. _ Mr. Speaker, I will
occupy the attention of the IIousc but a very
few minutes m submitting the remarks I pro-
pose to make in support of liie bill as it cornea
from the Reconstruction Committee. The
whole question involved in this bill, Mr.
Speaker, is this: shall the State of Mississippi
maintain its present anomalous condition, or
shall we take some steps in advance in the
work of reorganization and reconstruction in
order that the State of Mississippi may be ie-
stored to her practical relations to the Union?
That, sir, is the whole controversy in a nut-
shell, and the vote which we are soon to take
upon this bill will mark an era in the history
of congressional reconstruction, and an era in
the history of the State of Mississippi.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the condition of
this State? Though nearly four years have
elapsed since the close of the rebellion, or
rather the termination of active hostilities,
here is one of the States of this Union under
military control, with a governor who is the mil-
itary commander of the district; without any
legislative body to make or amend any law; with
all the ollicers of the State depending for their
appointment and the tenure of their offices
upon the will of that military commander ;
without any representation in Congress ; with
no voice to speak in these Halls in behalf of
the interests of the State—in this unfortunate
condition of affairs we are appealed to by the
loyal people of that State to enact this bill
that some steps may be taken to advance the
work of reorganization and reconstruction. It
seems to me, sir, that in stating this question
I say all that need be said to induce Congress
to pass speedily this bill.
J know, Mr. Speaker, that there is opposi-
tion to this measure ; and it is well that we
should inquire whence it comes. Who opposes
this bill? In the first place the entire rebel
population of Mississippi is opposed to it, be-
cause it will bring reconstruction on a loyal
basis ; in the next place the men who hold the
local offices of the State of Mississippi are very
generally opposed to this bill, because if recon-
struction shall take place, as it will under this
bill, they will be removed from the places they
now hold. They are opposed to this measure
because they are interested in retaining their
places. It is conceded, I think, on all hands
that the men who are now filling the local
offices in the State of Mississippi are either
notoriously disloyal or they hold their places
because of their acknowledged sympathy with
men who are disloyal. The military adminis-
tration of General Gillem, by whose authority
they were appointed to their places, has been
notoriously unacceptable to all the loyal people
of Mississippi.
Then there is another class of gentledlen
who op-pose this bill—ioyal men, I admit-^-a
