-vj;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April L
emotion contest shields vs. van xiorn.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case, from the
sixth congressional district of Missouri, of
Shields vs. Van Horn ; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
election contest elliott vs. rogers.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
■ papers in the contested-election case, from the
second congressional district of Arkansas, of
Elliott vs. iiogers; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
leave op absence.
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to
Mr. Dyer, on account of domestic affliction.
Leave of absence for five days was granted
to Mr. McCarthy.
Indefinite leave of absence was also granted
to Mr. Mongen and Mr. Hoag.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. VAN HORN asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Barrow, Porter & Cren
sliaw, mail contractors 011 the route from Kan-
sas City, Missouri, to Stockton, California,
asking for damages.
disabilities of tv. d. si5ipson.
Mr. RANDALL. On behalf of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. BorbJ and mj'self, as
a minority of the Committee of Elections, I
desire to submit a bill as their minority report
in the contested-election case of Wallace vs.
Simpson, from the fourth congressional district
of the State of South Carolina, and I ask that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
There was no objection ; and the bill (H. E.
No. 364) to remove the disabilities of W. I).
Simpson, of Laurens court-house, South Caro-
lina, under the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, was received,
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Eeconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed a concurrent resolution authorizing the
printingof agricultural reports; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 64) authorizing the build-
ing of a railroad bridge over the Ohio river, at
Paducah, Kentucky.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill and joint resolutions of
the following titles; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 109) reviving the grant of
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Selma to Gadsden, in the State of Ala-
bama, and confine the same to the Selma,
Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 34) authorizing
the Commissioner on Indian Affairs to appoint
guardians or trustees for minor children who
may be entitled to pensions or bounties under
the existing laws;
AJoint resolution (S. R. No. 4) requiring
parties desiring to be relieved from political
disabilities to make application to Congress in
writingunder their own signatures, setting forth
the grounds upon which relief is asked, which
shall be sworn to; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) enabling
actual settlers to purchase certain lands of the
Great and Little Osage Indians.
duties on imports.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 365) to increase
the revenue from duties on imports, and to
tend to an equalization of exports and imports.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to state that this
bill was prepared by a sub-committee of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the last Con-
gress but it was not then acted upon. I move
that ten thousand extra copies of this bill be
printed for the use of this House.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print extra
copies will go to the Committee on Printing,
under the law.
revenue frauds in california.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
It evolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to transmit, for the information of this
House, the reports of Samuel Purdy. special agent
of the Treasury Department, to investigate frauds in
the collection of internal revenue in California.
relations with nova scotia .
Mr. BOWEN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for considera-
tion at this time :
Resolved, Tkat the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire
into the expediency of investigating the condition
of our relations, present and prospective, with Nova
Scotia; and thatihey be, andare hereby, authorized
to report at any time to this House on the subject.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to authorize the committee to report
at any time.
Mr. PETERS. To that I object.
claims from missouri.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted ;
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be, and is
hereby, instructed to furnish this House with a list of
all unpaid claims now on file in the quartermaster
general's and commissary general's departments be-
longing to persons claiming to reside in the fourth
congressional uistrict of Missouri; and also a list of
claims paid by the order of said departments to cit-
izens of said congressional district since March 4,
1864, giving the names of the claimants in each case,
amounts paid and unpaid, and the agents prosecut-
ing said claims.
Mr. BOYD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election case covode vs. foster.
Mr. RANDALL. linsisfc upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the election case of Covode vs. Foster,
upon which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cessna] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] yield to a motion
to adjourn ?
Mr. RANDALL. Will this case come up
to-morrow in advance of the morning hour? I
ask this in order to ascertain if it can be
finished to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If the House shall adjourn
pending the consideration of this subject it
will come up to-morrow as unfinished business,
immediately after the reading of the Journal
Mr. DAWKS. To-morrow will be Friday ;
and I would call the attention of the Chair to
a rule of the House that the morning hour of
Friday shall be devoted to the consideration of
reports of a private nature from committees, un-
less otherwise ordered by a vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. That cannot affect a qaes
tion of so high privilege as the right to a seat
upon the floor of this House.
Mr. DAWES. If the Chair will so rule, I
will be content.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will certainly
so rule.
Mr. CESSNA. I shall insist upon going on
with this case to-morrow morning, whether we
adjourn now or not. I am willing to go on now,
if the House desire, or I will yield to a motion
to adjourn, if that be the pleasure of the House.
Mr. PETERS. I move the House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to;
there being upon a division—ayes 35, noes 63!
Mr. CESSNA. Mr. Speaker, as it is the
desire of the House to proceed now with the
consideration of this case 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna]
does not particularly desire to proceed with
this subject at this late hour.
Mr. DAWES. I do not like to urge the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to go on against
his wishes; but I do wish he would proceed
with this case to-night.
The SPEAKER. The House has refused
to adjourn; and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CESSNA. I have already stated as
plainly as I could that I have no wish on the
subject except to act in accordance with the
desire of the majority of the House. That
majority having indicated a desire for me to
proceed, I will now do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will renew the motion to adjourn,
as I understand the gentleman will be entitled
to the floor to-morrow morning.
Mr. DAWES. Ifwe adjourn now there will
be no probability that we can get through the
deficiency appropriation bill this week.
Mr. CULLOM. I desire to state that I un-
derstand the Senate will probably concur in
the resolution we passed with reference to an
adjournment next Tuesday.
Mr. CESSNA. I will not now give way for
another motion to adjourn. Before proceed-
ing to say anything on the subject now before
the House I desire to say that in the commit-
tee there was some understanding in regard to
the manner in which the discussion of this sub-
ject should be conducted; I presume, how-
ever, the Committee of Elections have no
authority to determine the action of the House
or to fix any limit to the time this discussion
shall occupy.
It is well known to the House that the ques-
tion now before usrelates entirely to the prima
facie right of some person to a seat upon this
floor as the Representative from the twenty-
first congressional district of the State of Penn-
sylvania. Before saying anything upon the
merits of that subject I desire to call the atten-
tion of members to the manner and character
of the reference, and to the subjects which were
referred by the House to the Committee of
Elections.
That action was had, I believe, on the 5th
day of March, 1869, and is in the following
language :
"Jiewlved, That so much of the proclamation of
the Governor of Pennsylvania, dated November 17,
1868, as relates to ihe election of Representative in
the twenty-first district of said State, and the letter
of said Governor, dated February 23,1869, relative
thereto, together with the papers referred to in said
letter, be referred to the Committee of Elections,
when appointed, with instructions to report to the
House what person, according to said proclamation,
letter, and paper, is entitled prima facie to represent
said twenty-first district in the Forty-First Congress,
pending any contest that may arise concerning the
right to such representation."
The Governor of Pennsylvania issued the
following proclamation:
Whereas in and by an act of the General Assembly
of this Commonwealth, approved the 2d day of July,
A. D. 1839, entitled "An act relating to the elections
of this Commonwealth," it is made the duty of the
Governor, on the receipt of the returns of the elec-
tion of members of the House of Representatives of
the united States by the secretary of the Common-
wealth, to declare by proclamation the names of tho
persons returned as elected in the respective dis-
tricts; and whereas the returns of the several elections
held on Tuesday, the 13th day of October last, in and
for the several districts for Representatives of the
people of this State in the House of Representa-
tives of the Congress of the United States for tho
term of two years from and after the 4th day of
.Alarch next, have been received in the office of the
secretary of the Commonwealth agreeably to the
provisions of the above recited act, whereby it ap-
pears that * * * * in the twenty-first
district, composed of the counties of Indiana, West-
moreland, and Fayette, no such returns of the elec-
tion have been received by tho secretary of the Com-
monwealth as would, under the election laws of the
tetate, authorize me to proclaim the name of any
person as having- been returned duly elected a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives of the United
•states for that district, * * * # *
[Here follows an enumeration of the names of the
Representatives, omitting the twenty-first district.]
a- 4 xr . J0H^ W. GiSARY.
Signed 17th November, 1868,
„ , F. JORDAN,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
