- \
1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Subsequently lie sent the following letter to
the Clerk of this House:
Pennsylvania Executive Chamber,
Habbisbcrg, Pennsylvania, February 23,1869.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith addi-
tional affidavits and evidences of fraud submitted
to me in regard to the election of member of Con-
gress in tlietwenty-first congressional district of this
State.
These affidavits were taken before officers prop-
erly authorized to administer oaths, and indicate
the election of Hon. John Covode.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN W. GEARY,
Governor of Pennsylvania.
Hon. Edward McPhbrson,
Clerk of the House of Representatives,
Washington, District of Columbia.
Those are the papers which have been
referred by the House to the Committee of
Elections for investigation and report as to
which one of these contestants had the prima
facie right to a seat in this House, and that
committee, after full investigation of the mat-
ter referred to them, have reported that Hon.
John Covode had the prima facie right to a
seat upon this floor from the twenty-first con-
gressional district of the State of Pennsylvania.
The minority of the committee submitted a
report, but one half of that minority afterward
believing that report to be insufficient, seceded
and submitted a supplemental minority report.
These are all the papers upon which the
judgment of the House is to be made up; and
having made this brief statements of facts, I
shall yield the floor so that both sides may be
heard, intending to reserve what I have to say
until the conclusion of the debate.
Mr. WELKER. I hope we shall have the
affidavits and other papers referred to upon
which this prima facie case rests read for the
information of the House.
Mr. CESSNA. I do not object to their
being read at all.
Mr. CHURCHILL moved that the House
adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were-—ayes,
34, noes 48.
Mr. ALLISON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. burr were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 40.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rules and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. SMYTH, of Iowa: Thepetition ofT.
H. Carpenter, late captain seventeenth United
States infantry and brevet major UnitedStates
Army, that the acceptance of the resignation
of his commission be revoked, and that he be
placed on the list of retired officers^ from the
date of the resignation of his commission.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Dr.
Josiah Curtis, latesurgeon United States Army,,
praying compensation for property lost in the
service during the rebellion.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 2, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. ,T. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of
Joseph P. Fyffe, commander in the United
States Navy, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CATTELL presented the petition of
Richard S. Hunt, of Austin, Texas, praying
the removal of political disabilities; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HOWARD. I present to the Senate a
joint resolution of the Legislature of Michi-
gan relating to the navigation between the
United States and Canada. I ask that it be
read, printed, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Joint resolution relating to navigation between the
United States and Canada.
Whereas the rapidly increasing commerco between
the eastern States and the Northwest is calling
for more ample and cheaper transportation; and
whereas, also, certain mutual privileges are now
enjoyed by both Canada and the United States touch-
ing navigation and transportation which ought, on
the part of the two countries, to be matured into
rights: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the State of Michigan, That if by treaty or other-
wise the free navigation of Canadian waters and the
use of the Canadian canals by the shipping of the
United States, upon the same terms as by Canadian
and British shipping, and the free transit by land of
American merchandise across the Canadian territory
can be secured in exchange for like privileges to
Canadian shipping in our water3 and British and
Canadian merchandise over our soil, our Senators
and Representatives in Congress are urged to use
their influence to bring about such an arrangement,
and in such negotiation to secure, if possible, the
construction of a ship-canal, connecting the St. Law-
rence with Lake Champlain; and our Government,
in case the State of New York will consent thereto,
offer in exchange therefor, to enlarge the Champlain
canal to the same proportions as that which shall
connect the St. Lawrence and Lake Champlain, and
allow the use thereof upon the same terms as are
imposed upon American shipping.
Resolved, That the Governor of this State be, and
he is hereby, requested to transmit copies of this
joint resolution to our members of Congress.
MORGAN BATES,
President of the Senate.
J. J. WOODMAN.
Speaker House of Representatives.
Approved.
Executive Office, Lansing.
March 24,1869.
HENRY P. BALDWIN.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Charles Gaylord, praying for protection and
aid in making a survey for a ship railway across
the Isthmus of Darien ; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petitions of John F.
McGuffin, A. S. Lipscomb, J. E. Mattingly,
Thomas Gotts, and Charles L. S. Jones, ail
of Texas, praying to be relieved from their
political disabilities ; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of W.
C. Holland, of Bryan, Texas, praying for the
removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the memorial and
protest of Union men of Kentucky in regard
to the removal of political disabilities, protest-
ing against the removal of political disabilities
from Kentucky rebels, stating that that State
is completely and entirely in the hands and
under the control of those who have been ene-
mies of the Union and sought its overthrow;
that those now holding control of the State
government in all its branches are and have
been hostile to the good of the United States
and to the Union ; that they defy both the Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States ;
and that those now holding office in that State
and asking relief were chosen to the places
they hold bseause of their services in behalf
of the cause of treason, and because they were
more active in their efforts to destroy the
Union than those who were their competitors
for said offices before the people. I move its
reference to the select Committee on Political
Disabilities.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. CASSERLY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Samuel F. Butter-
worth, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. THAYER from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 2) for the relief of John E,
Reeside, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 98} to
authorize the appointment of a board of com:
miasioners to examine the claims of loy al per-
sons in the States lately in rebellion for sup-
plies furnished the military forces of the United
States, and the bill (S. No. 100) to provide
for the payment of claims to loyal citizens-of
the States lately in rebellion, have directed me*
to report them back, and ask that the commit-
tee be discharged from their further consider-
ation ; and they have also directed me to report
a bill as a substitute for those two covering the
subject-matter.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bills Nos. 98 and
100; and the bill (S. No. 249) for the settle-
ment of claims for quartermaster and commis-
sary stores furnished to or taken by the United
States within the States in rebellion during
the late war was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial
system of the United States, reported them
with an amendment.
Mr. RICE. The Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 236) to extend the time for the Little Rock
and Fort Smith Railroad Company to complete
the first section of twenty miles of said road,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment and recommend its passage. I
ask for the present consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT, ltrequires unan-
imous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. HOWE. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the tale of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read in full.
It is all right.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to so amend an act approved July 28,
18G6, entitled "An act to revive and extend
the provisions of an act granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to the States
of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point on the
Mississippi river, opposite the mouth of the
Ohio river, via Little Rock, to the Texas bound-
ary, near Fulton, in Aikansas, with branches
to Fort Smith and the Mississippi river, ap-
proved February 9, 1853, and for other pur-
poses,'' as to extend the time to the Little
Uock and Fort Smith Railroad Cotdpany for
building the first section of twenty miles pro-
vided for in the second section of that act for
the term of three years from the 13th of May,
1867, the time of filing the certificate of the
organization of the company provided for by
the third section of the act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the present
consideration of the bill objected to ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin objects.
Mr. RICE. It only extends the time.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to the bill,
but I will explain in a few moments why I
object to its consideration at the present tune.
Mr. RICE. I want to get it through the
House of Representatives at this session. Our
time runs out on the 28th of July.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to
by the Senator from Wisconsin, which removes
it from the consideration of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 250) in relation to the coinage of gold
and silver ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 58) for the protection of
