THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
soldiers and their heirs; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to Ije printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I find on examining the
printed bill (S. No. 194) to provide for the
loaning of the public money, and for other pur-
foses, that there are several verbal mistakes,
move that it be reprinted.
The motion was agreed to.
. Mr. SHERMAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the joint resolution
(H. E. No. 6) for the protection of the inter-
ests of the United States in the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
which was ordered to be printed.
ST. CROIX AND LAKE SOPER.IOB RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 11) extending the time to con-
struct a railroad from the St. Croix river or
. lake to the west end of Lake Superior and to
Bayfield.
Mr. MORRILL. Let it be read at length,
that we may know what it is.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
as follows:
That the grant of land heretofore made to the State
of Wisconsin by the acts approved June 3,1856, and
May 5,1864, to aid in building,a railroad from St.
Croix river or ialce to Superior and to Bayfield, be,
and is hereby, renewed and extended for the period
of seven years to the State ot "Wisconsin for the use
and benefit of the Northern Wisconsin Kail way Com-
pany, a corporation recently chartered by the Legis-
lature of said State, such extension to commence and
date from May 5,1869; all lands to be conveyed by
patents directly to said company upon the same terms
and conditions as are contained in the acts granting
land to tsaid State, approved June 3,1856, and May
5,1864: Provided, That said railway company shall
completo twenty miles of said road within eighteen
months from the date of extension hereby gianted,
and at. the rate of twenty miles per year thereafter
until the same is finished ; and should said company
fail to do so that portion of said land to which said
company shall not beentitled to patentsshall revert
to the United States, and shall be immediately placed
in market.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope this will not be
taken up. This seems to be a very old and
stale affair—about fourteen or fifteen years of
age. I understand—I do not know much about
it—that it was a grant made in 1856, and after
the lapse of about ten years it was then ex-
tended for five years, and there has been no
railroad built, and the only advantage had by
the owners of the grant, as I hear, is to strip the
Government lands of the timber and prevent
other persons who have subsequently acquired
some rights for building a road from going on.
It seems to me that we ought hardly to take
up such a measure as that at this session.
Mr. HOWE. I am sure the Senator from
Vermont will not insist upon any such objec-
tion, nor will any objection be urged against
this. The extension of time to complete a
road I do not think has ever been denied to a
State yet. The State of Wisconsin has been
unfortunate in reference to this particular
grant. Every State when a grant is made has
to intrust the execution of it to some company.
This grant was unfortunately intrusted to a
company which has not acted, I am told, in
good faith. It is in a remote part of the State
from that in which I live; and it having been
intrusted to a company which has not diligently
prosecuted the work this joint resolution, the
State not having been in default, simply pro-
poses to allow the State stiil further time to
complete the road and to allow it to designate
a new company to execute that trust—a privi-
lege which I have never known yet to be
refused to any State, and which I am sure will
not be refused to this State. I understand
there are some private interests opposed to this
and who seek to enforce a forfeiture upon the
State of Wisconsin. If they shall prove able
to do that, I shall be sorry; but the State of
Wisconsin will be the first one which will have
suffered in that way.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the object of this bill has been dis-
closed by the comments, pro and con, and the
eleventh rule prohibits debate on its merits.
The question now is, will the Senate proceed
to its consideration?
Mr. CONKLING. As the Chair has re-
minded us the discussion of the merits of this
bill is not properly in order at this moment,
I ask, therefore, to suggest two reasons why it
ought not to be taken up; one is a reason going
to show that it ought not to be considered at
this session, and the other going to show that
the morning hour is not an appropriate or a
convenient time for its consideration.
I have taken occasion to say once before, as
to another bill, that I had supposed I was my-
self bound, and if so every other member of
the body, at least of the majority of the body,
must be bound, by a common understanding,
somewhat informal but still existing, that cer-
tain measures were to be considered at this
session, and that other measures were not to
be considered; and, as I have said before, if
that rule is not to prevail, both from disposi-
tion and from duty I ought to be diligent in
moving forward matters which are slumbering
here under the supposed ostracism of this rule.
This not being a matter which can be done by
unanimous consent, I supposed it fell within
that understanding; and the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin will understand, I hope, that
I am not making any objection, individual or
personal in any sense, toward him by suggest-
ing it now. I think, as I repeat, that we ought
to observe the understanding, or it should be
obviated for the benefit of all.
Again, Mr. President, I hope this proposi-
tion will not be taken up in the morning hour.
Beyond any private interests to which the Sen-
ator has referred—and I do not know what
those private interests may be—I assure him
that public interests, interests which ought to
be considered, are strongly averse to this bill,
as petitions which have been presented, more
in the other House than here, will show. Those
petitions make a representation of facts which,
if anything like true. I think will make a
majority of this body disposed at least to have
this matter investigated by a committee before
we act upon it.
Mr. HOWE. It has been investigated.
Mr. CONKLING. In a certain sense I am
aware that it has been, and to what extent I
have taken occasion to inquire ; and I repeat
that if the representations made to me be true
I think a majority will be found in the Senate
to say that at least the extension of this grant
ought to be preceded by another investigation
by a committee. Now it is proposed to take
it up in the morning hour, a little more than
half of which has gone. It will certainly lead
to discussion. It cannot be disposed of before
the time will arrive when the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday will take precedence in the
Senate.
Therefore, if we are to observe—I will not
say the rule, because I admit that it is not a
rule, but the understanding by which most of
us have been governing ourselves as to the
right which would be conceded to general legis-
lation—if we are to govern ourselves by that,
and not trample it down, this measure should
not be taken up at all; but if we are to over-
step that boundary, then let it be taken up at
some hour of the day when it can be fairly
heard ; and I beg to assure the Senator in all
good nature it will certaiuly be my duty to see
that it is fairly heard before a vole is taken
upon it. He, of course, will take no objection
to that.
Mr. POMEROY. I deem it my duty to state
that this subject was before the Committee on
Public Lands, and that the committee did con-
sider it in the light of extending the grant
merely. I did not know at that time that it
was in antagonism with any other interest or
any other road, and we only considered the
propriety of extending the grant. The com-
mittee, not knowing that it bore any antago-
nistic relations to other enterprises, reported in
favor of extending the grant. The grant was
made in 1856, but in 1864 it was extended and
enlarged. It had six sections to the mile iu
1856, and it was enlarged to ten sections to the
mile in 1864, The last extension will run out
in May next. The committee were willing to
extend it, not to this company, for you will see
that it is to go to the State, but if the com-
mittee had fully understood its relations to
other enterprises they would have delayed
their report, I have no doubt.
Mr. CONKLING. So that, upon the facts
as the Senator understands them now, there
has not been a full consideration in committee.
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing, only in relation
to extending this grant. We did not consider
it in its relations to other enterprises at all.
In fact, we did not know there were other
enterprises opposing it.
Mr. THAYER. The alleged understanding
that is supposed to have been entered into on
a certain occasion has been referred to so
often that I desire now to make a statement in
regard to it. Before that vote was taken I
rose and stated that I voted for considering
those bills with the distinct understanding that
it did not preclude the introduction and consid-
eration of any bill which did not antagonize
with the bills named, and I know that other
Senators voted with the same understanding.
Mr. CONKLING. To what occasion does
the Senator refer ?
Mr. THAYER. To the caucus. I under-
stood the Senator from New York to refer to
an understanding or agreement entered into at
that time. Did I misunderstand him?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not refer by name
to any caucus. I did refer to the fact that I
believed that in some way an understanding
bad been arrived at among the majority of the
Senate that only certain selected measures were
to be considered, and that nothing else was to
be considered except by unanimous consent.
I was informed there was such an understand-
ing, but I made no allusion to any particular
occasion.
Mr. THAYER. I prefer to go right at the
.matter in hand and not go around it. Now, I
will ask my honorable friend from New York
if he did not refer to the same occasion to
which I refer, and was he not present?
Mr. CONKLING. I presume the Senator
refers to an occasion when I was present, and
when proceedings took place of which i was
an auditor.
Mr. THA.YER. On that point, I repeat,
there was not an understanding, or an agree-
ment at least, that nothing else should be con-
sidered except certain bills which had been
named; but I gave notice that I, for one, re-
served the right of introducing a bill and asking
the Senate to consider it and having it consid-
ered if I could get a majority in favor of it; and
I know of no restriction or agreement which
prevents the introduction of a bill, always giv-
ing preference to the bills which were named,
that other measures should not antagonize with
them.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now have
a vote on this motion, and not spend all the
morning hour discussing it.
' Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
hesitate to take up the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts objects to further debate.
Mr. RA.MSEY, He objects, of course; but
I think I have got my rights.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is on the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I merely desired to express
the hope that we should come to a vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understood the Senator
had concluded. I hope he Senate, will not
object to taking up this joint resolution. It
is simply renewing the time for the construc-
tion of this road, one of the most important
roads in the Northwest. It unites Bayfield with
the system of roads running south and in the
direction of Chicago. Bayfield is one of the
most important points upon Lake Superior, in
a region rapidly developing in minerals and
trade of every description. The resolution
simply grants additional time to this company
for the construction of this road through the
least valuable part of the territory of Wiscou-
