■V,
1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
sin. The reason, I imagine, for this delay is
that the lands that have been given are not so
valuable as they have been in other parts of
the Northwest. That is the reason, I presume,
why this work has not been hastened more than
it has. Bat under ordinary circumstances it is
so valuable for the development of that region
that Congress would be justified in granting a
subsidy to this road. They have granted sub-
sidies to roads less valuable and less important
than this. So I trust that the mere renewal of
this grant will not be objected to in the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
the morning hour the proper time to consider
it ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraws his objec-
tion the Chair must rule out any debate upon
the merits of the joint resolution. He has
made objection, and if he persists in it no
debate on the merits is in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to recommit the
resolution to the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL. I will reserve the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
to proceed to the consideration of the joint
resolution.
Mr. HOWE. Let us have the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say one word in reply
to the objection urged by the Senator from New
York, that this is not a part of the business
which was contemplated as coming within the
business of this session. I will remind him that
half a dozen bills just like this in principle
have passed during this very session, and one
passed yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to adda single word.
On the statement of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands the resolution clearly
ought to be recommitted to that committee.
Mr. HOWE. W e will consider that when it
is taken up.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I beg to say to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin that I can
bear witness of the accuracy of what he says ;
but in return he will bear witness of this fact:
it has been done by common consent: it has
been done by courtesy; it has been done be-
cause it devolved upon some Senator the un-
gracious task, which I reluctantly perform now,
of interposing an objection; andl would not do
it, I beg to say to my honorable friend, except
that gentlemen who were constituents of mine
and who have gone to the State of Wisconsin to
live there and die there, make representations
to me to which I cannot turn a deaf ear on this
subject. Therefore it is that I insist so stren-
uously that I may be saved the necessity of
making such objections by observing the under-
standing to which other Senators as well as
myself have referred. If we could observe that
it would not be necessary for me to interpose
this objection. I do it with great reluctance,
not because I wish to interfere with a measure
local in another part of the country than that
from which I come, but because I cannot prop-
erly suffer a thing of this sort to be done with-
out at least bringing to the attention of the
Senate, and seeking to get the deliberate con-
sideration of the Senate to certain considera-
tions of fact and of history connected with this
subject which have been presented to me. Now
I hope that the Senate will vote in accordance
with the understanding, this not being one of
the preferred measures, but being a matter of
contest which will exhaust this morning hour,
and other morning hours, too, I think, if it is
to be discussed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose this will be
regarded as a test vote as to whether or not
any other business is to be taken up except
that which has been agreed upon, as is alleged,
by a caucus. Now, sir, I want fair play in the
Senate among its members ; anJ after a dozen
railroad bills have passed here I think it is
very hard that other similar bills should fail
because some individual member of the Senate
may feel as though they ought not to be taken
up for consideration. I am willing to abide by
any rule upon which the Senate will agree ; but
I dislike to see the rule relaxed in certain cases
and applied in others. I wish now to have an
expression of the Senate, because I have a bill
here that has been three times reported to the
Senate by the Committee on Public Lands,
and because there are one or two gentlemen
here who do not want it to pass it is impos-
sible for me to get it up. I wish to know now
by this vote whether or not that bill can be
considered. It is a local bill altogether, relates
to the people of my State, and to nobody else
anywhere ; and vet I am not able to call it up.
I wish to have the Senate decide. If they vote
down this proposition of the Senator from Wis-
consin I shall regard it as utterly futile to
make any further attempt at my bill.
Mr. CONKLING. And if they vote it up
we are to go into general legislation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then I shall try to get up
my bill if I can. I think we ought to vote it up.
Mr. GRIMES. I think I can bear testimony
to the accuracy of the statement made by the
Senator from Nebraska. My understanding,
at any rate, was that we were to do no business
that would materially interfere with the main
subjects that were to he considered; that is to
say, the eight measures that were under con-
sideration at that time; and therefore I have
no hesitation, with that understanding, in vot-
ing to take up this resolution and proceed to
its consideration.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Carpenter, Davis, Drake, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe, Kel-
logg, McCreery, McDonald, Norton, Nye, Ramsey,
Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Thayer,
Tipton, Warner, Willey, and Williams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Bayard, Brown-
low, Cameron, Casserly, Conkling, Corbett, Gilbert,
Harris, Morrill, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Rice,
Robertson, Scott, Stewart, Thurman, Trumbull, and
Vickers—22.
ABST3NT—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Cattell,
Chandler, Cole. Cragin, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry,
Fowler. Hamilton, Morton, Pomeroy, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Wilson, and Yates—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The joint reso-
lution is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and the amendments reported by
the Committee on Public Lands will be read.
The amendments were read.
The first amendment was to strike out in lines
nine and ten, after the words " benefit of," the
words " the Northern Wisconsin Railway Com-
pany, a corporation recently chartered by the
Legislature of,'' and in lieu thereof to insert
" any company designated by."
Mr. POJIEROY. The object of the com-
mittee was—they did not know anything about
this company—to renew the grant to the State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was in line thirteen, after the
word "patents," to strike out "directly to said
company."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. From the statement of the chair-
man it is very palpable that it should undergo
further investigation. I do not know anything
about this matter except what I am informed ;
and if what I am informed about it is true a
great injustice will be done if this resolution
shall pass. It seems to me that it is a very
stale claim to be received here without full
and complete investigation. As I understand,
the land has been stripped to a very great
extent of very valuable timber by the parties
who obtained the grant, who have rendered no
equivalent therefor whatever. I trust it will
be recommitted.
Mr. HOWE. I beg that the Senate will not
send this to the committee again. The Sen-
ator says it is a stale claim. It is just as stale
as every other application of the kind has been,
because no application to extend the time to
complete a road is made until the grant has
expired or is about to expire.
Mr. MORRILL. But this is the second time
this claim for extension has been brought for-
ward.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; it has had an extension .
of three years beyond the original time.
Mr. MORRILL. And we nearly doubled
the amount of the grant the last time.
Mr. HOWE. So have a great many other
States had the time twice extended. I ex-
plained frankly that the State had been unfor-
tunate. 1 am a little surprised to hear the
Senator urge here the fact that the lands are
being stripped of timber as a reason why this
joint resolution should go back to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. Whether the lands
have been stripped or not I do not know,
nor does the Senator. If they have, they have
not been stripped by the State of Wisconsin,
but have been stripped by trespassers, and
would have been stripped let ihe lands have
been owned or been in what predicament they
would. That would afford no safety against
the stripping of the lands of timber. It is as
adverse to our wishes as it is to his or the
wishes of anybody else.
There is no rival interest except some indi-
vidual capitalists who are interested in building
a railroad to the head of Lake Superior through
a part of Minnesota, and therefore wish to deny
to the State of Wisconsin the right to connect
her system of railways with that same sheet of
water. I wish the Senator from Vermont would
not insist upon advocating so selfish a proposi-
tion as that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would say that at this
time there are parties passing over this region
and looking up its valuable timber lands with
a view of entering them if this extension is
denied. The wrong is in that quarter, and not
upon those who seek a renewal of the grant;
it is the others who hope to have it rejected
and then enter these lands.
Sir. CONKLING. I should like to make
an inquiry of the Senator from Wisconsin. I
could not hear certainly his statement; but I
understood him to say that the lands had been
stripped by trespassers.
Mr. HOWE. If they have been stripped.
Mr. CONKLING. Assuming that they have
been stripped, I understood him to say it had
been by trespassers, and not by the company.
Mr. HOWE. Not by the State.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg to inquire of him
whether contracts have been made, not by the
State, but by the company which became the
grantee of the State—-stumpage contracts and
others—under which the pine timber has been
taken in great quantities from these lands?
Mr. HOWE. I do not know whether they
have or not; but this joint resolution is not for
the benefit of any company which has ever had
any interest in the grant, but is intended to
authorize, and does authorize, the State of
Wisconsin to designate a new company to
Gxscute it
Mr. CONKLING. When we know, after
the fourteen years of history about this mat-
ter, for whose benefit it is and who is interested
in it now, that will open another branch of this
inquiry, and we shall come to see that for four-
teen years, as I understand, not one rod of
road has been built, but that this proceeding
has been carricd on under promises all the
time that the road was to be commenced, which
promises are renewed now. I do not intend
at this time to debate it, although I shall ask
at a future moment to say a few words about
it: but I wish to send to the Secretary a printed
petition which has been signed in that form-
how numerously signed I do not know, but in
a number of instances which I do know—and
presented in the House, and I ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the very brief statement
of facts contained in that petition, which comes
from the State of Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the paper.
