M2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and Bouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled:
Your memorialists, citizens and inhabitants of
northwestern Wisconsin, respectfully represent that
on the 3d day of June, 1856, agrantof land wasmade
by Congress to the^ State of Wisconsin to aid in the
construction of a line of railroad from the St. Croix
river or lake to the west end of Lake Superior and to
Bayfield; that bysaidact said railroad was required
to be completed in ten years, or said land grant for-
feited; that said grant was transferred by the State
to the St. Croix and Lake Superior Railroad Com-
pany upon condition that said railroad should be
completed as required by said act of Congress; that
no part of said line of way was completed within the
time limited, and upon the most positive promises to
at once commence the construction of the road Con-
gress was induced, on the 5th day of May, 1864, to
extend the timeand continue the grant for five years;
that the promises to commence the construction of
the road and prosecute it in good faith have been
made from time to time during the fourteen years
and more; that the country upon the line of theroad
has been cursed and its prosperity blighted by this
immense grant of the public domain. During these
years instead of constructing the road the company
has been engaged in collecting stumpage off the pine
lands, eleven twelfths of which (amounting to many
thousands of dollars) has been embezzled undercolor
of paying agents to collect it, as may be seen, refer-
ence being had to the proceedingsof our State Legis-
lature ; that no part of said railroad has been con-
structed.
Daring the present session of theState Legislature
the corporation has been galvanized, and under a
new name, and, perhaps, with other corporators
named, are now asking a third extension of this
Erant, to the manifest injury of this section of the
tate. The odd sections have been entirely with-
drawn from settlement and the even sections raised
to $2 50 per acre, without the least probability that
the railroad, which is the consideration for such en-
hanced price, will ever be constructed. Almost fif-
teen years have elapsed and nothing has been as yet
realized save the promises made from year to year
in order to procure extensions.
The counties of Barnet, Dalles, Chippewa, Ash-
land, and other counties upon the line of this road
have beep, in consequence of this grant, excluded
almost entirely from the immigration flowing into
other portions of the State.
Wo regard the present application for an extension
of this grant as a mere repetition of former promises,
alike speculative and unsubstantial.
We most respectfully and earnestly protest against
any legislation that will in any wise tend to prevent
the development of the agricultural and lumbering
interests of this section of the State. That all these
lands may be open to homestead preemption and
settlement at the price of 81 25 per acre, and that if
aid is in any form to be extended to this railroad
company it should only be given in a portion of the
proceeds of these lauds, the sale of which it is essen-
tial to the prosperity of this section should be made
by the United States uncontrolled by any corpora-
tion, and, as fai as possible, secured to actual bona
fide settlers upon the agricultural lands, and so as to
give a preference in the sale of pine timber lands to
residents actually engaged in the lumber business.
Your petitioners will ever pray, &c.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished busiuess
of'yesterday is now before the Senate. The bill
(H. R. No. 123) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and lor fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 80, 1870, is now before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word " Territory," in
line eighteen hundred and twenty-five, the
words " and southeastern portion of Oregon."
A part of the Indians here spoken of are in
Idaho and a part in Oregon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that amendment
involve any other amendment, or an additional
appropriation of money ?
Mr. HARLAN. Not necessarily.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
1 lie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, after the word " Territory," I
move to insert "or on the Siletz or Klamath
reservation in Oregon, as the Secretary of the
Interior may determine."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. After the word "dollars,"
in line eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, I am
instructed to offer this amendment:
Fur this amount, or so much thereof as maybe
necessary, to aid in subsisting said Indians for the
first year after their settlement on said reservation
or reservations, no part of which to be expended
until said Indians shall be so established, and to be
applied pro rata as said settlement shall be made,
$25,000.
The Senator from Oregon will please explain
that, if any explanation is necessary.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that these are
remnants of the tribe of Snake Indians, con-
sisting of nineteen hundred and eighty souls.
They are now gathered around some six or
seven military posts, ranging from fifty to seven
hundred at each post. Those military posts are
established for the purpose of keeping peace
with the Indians. They were at war some time
during the past two or three years, and General
Crook, who was in command of the depart-
ment, conquered them and brought in all that
he did not kill to the various posts and placed
them under military control. These military
posts have got to be kept up in the country in
order to take care of these little bands of In-
dians, perhaps at a cost of $1,000,000, pro-
vided you do not take the Indians and place
them on some reservation. The recommend-
ation of the Department was $35,000 for this
purpose, and they say itis as little as the Indians
can be removed and placed upon these reser-
vations for. I was overruled in the committee,
and the amount reduced by the committee to
$25,000. I think that is inadequate to provide
for these Indians suitably and establish them
upon a reservation ; but by dividing them per-
haps upon these different reservations they may
be able to gel along with this sum of money.
They are entirely destitute and naked, and are
in a very deplorable condition. There is a
long report from the superintendent of Indian
affairs, who went through the country and ex-
amined the condition of these Indians, and he
recommends that they be placed upon the res-
ervations so that these posts can be relieved.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if there has been
any estimate made by the Department in rela-
tion'to this matter?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir ; I have the esti-
mate of the Department here, directed to the
chairman himself, and I think it was over-
looked, perhaps, in the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; I remember it
now. All the evidence we have with regard to
this is a long letter written by Mr. Huntington,
who was the superintendent for Oregon. The
Department itself and the Indian Bureau seem
from these papers to know nothing about it
except the intelligence that they get from this
individual, who was superintendent at the time
he wrote. Now the question is whether the
Senate is prepared to appropriate these sums
of money upon the mere statement of the
agents.
Mr. CORBETT. He is the superintendent
for the entire State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, he may be
the superintendent: but he is an agent.
Mr. CORBETT. He is the man who gives
information and makes regular reports to the
Department, and the only one fiom whom they
can obtain the information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very true that, he
reports to the Department, but they can in
some way ascertain the correctness of his
report. In this case they rely entirely upon
his statement.
Mr. CORBETT. How do they ascertain
except by his report ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it safe
or proper to make appropriations of these
large sums of money upon papers which come
from the agents themselves until the Depart-
ment takes the responsibility of advising them.
Mr. CORBETT. He is not the agent. The
agents are the local officers having charge of
the Indians on their reservations. The super-
intendent is the man who is placed at the head
of the Indian department in that State, upon
whom the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and
the Secretary of the Interior depend for their
information. He is the only man upon whom
they can rely for it. The agents' reports go
to the superintendent, and he is in communi-
cation with the Department here. The super-
intendent advises an appropriation for the
removal of these Indians. I read the report
entirely through. If the Senate prefer to leave
these Indians where they are and to keep up the
troops it will perhaps be a greater advan-
tage to us ; there will be more money expended
in Oregon, to which I have no objection. Per-
haps it will involve $1,000,000; but I would
rather relieve the Government from the ex-
pense of keeping troops there and let them go
somewhere else, by putting these Indians on a
reservation and having them taken care of.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an appropri-
ation in the bill to put them on a reservation.
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, $30,000.
Mr. CORBETT. That is for the Bannack
Indians in Idaho. I want to remove at the
same time the strolling bands that have been
conquered by General Cook and are around
these military posts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the Senator does
not accomplish his purpose by the amendment
that is proposed, as he will see if he will read
it. The bill now provides, without including
the amendments already made:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to reestablish the Shoshones, Bannaeks,
"and other strolling bands of Indians in the southern
portion of Idaho Territory, on the Fort Hall reser-
vation on Snake river, Idaho Territory, including
the transportation of all necessary articles and the
material and labor for the construction of the houses
and mills, and pay of necessary employes for one
year, $30,000.
Then what is this amendment, which follows
immediately ?
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to aid in subsisting said Indians for the
first year after their settlement on said reservation
orreservations, no part of which to be expended until
said Indians shall be so established, and to be applied
pio rata, as said settlement shall be made, $25,000.
It applies directly and distinctly to the pre-
vious clause, and to nothing else.
Mr. CORBE1T. The previous clause has
been amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only by including the
Siletz and Klamath reservation as well as the
Fort Hall reservation as places to which they
may be removed.
Mr. CORBETT. As the clause has now been
amended it reads " and other strolling bands
of Indians in the southern portion of Idaho Ter-
ritory and southeastern portion of Oregon," and
provides for reestablishing them "on the Fort
Hall reservation on Snake river, Idaho Terri-
tory, or on the Siletz or Klamath reservations
in Oregon." It embraces all these Indians. I
will state to the Senate why I put it in this way.
There isa portion of these Bannaeks and Shos-
hones that run over into eastern Oregon, and
they are running from Oregon to Idaho. I
thought by combining the two there it would
providesufficient to letthem be distributed upon
1 these reservations, perhaps for a less amount
of money than it could be done for if they
were not united. Possibly the Department may
determine not to establish one at Fort Hall.
There is no reservation there established now.
The Department may conclude to put them all
upon the Klamath reservation. If it should
put them upon the Fort Hall reservation it
would require a larger appropriation, because
they would have to build new buildings, which
would involve a larger amount of money. The
clause now leaves it to the Secretary of the
Interior to determine where to place them. All
I desire in this matter is to save money for the
Government; I have no interest in it other than
that, and I desire to do what I deem best from
my knowledge of the country and of the cir-
cumstances. The Senate may vote down th ;
amendment if they please. They understand
what it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Committee on
Indian Affairs have investigated the subject and
are willing to take the responsibility, 1 do not
feel disposed against their strong urgency to
object further to it. They must take their chance
with the Senate, however.
The amendment was agreed to-
