1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
448
Mr. HARLAN. After line eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven I move to insert:
For the expenses incurred by the agent at Silebs
reservation in prosecuting one Ballard, who was tried
and convicted of the murder of an Indian belonging
to said agency, 5-1,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that. I do
not know anything about it.
Mr. CORBET1". I will state to the Senate
that there was an Indian belonging to the
Siletz reservation shot by a white man, who
was prosecuted and sent to the penitentiary for
seven years. I think he ought to have been
hung, but he was not. I have received a letter
from the agent, and from the lawyer who pros-
ecuted the white man. This expense was in-
curred in prosecuting him. There is no provis-
ion now for paying the attorney that prosecuted
him, and the expenses of the prosecution and
of keeping the Indians who were taken to court
as witnesses in the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it utterly
unsafe, on letters, to make appropriations of
this character. I object to this amendment
entirely. _ There should be an investigation
of the claim at the Department by somebody,
and a recommendation to us to make this
appropriation, to say the least.
Mr. CORBETT. The Department prom-
ised to give me a letter on the subject, but they
have not sent it here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a private matter,
to be first adjusted at the Department. I hope
it will not be put on the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state the motive that
influenced the Committee on Indian Affairs in
recommending this appropriation. There can
be no doubt that an Indian was murdered by
a white man ; that the white man was prose-
cuted ; that the services of an attorney were
employed in order to conduct the prosecution,
and the man was sentenced to the peniten-
tiary for a term of years, and sent there. The
committee thought it was well to encourage
the prosecution of white men for the commis-
sion of crimes against the Indians ; and in
Older that this may be done successfully of
course it is necessary to pay for the services
of professional men, as they are the only class
of citizens who can prosecute such cases suc-
cessfully in the courts. It was necessary at
the time to prevent an outbreak.
Mr. FESSENDEN.' Where was the pros-
ecuting officer of the Government?
Mr. HARLAN. I am unable to say why
the prosecuting attorney was not called in.
Mr. CORBETT. I cunnot inform the Sen-
ator from Maine about that. All I know is
that an Indian was murdered, an.d the Indians
gathered around the agency and filled it with
armed men to defend themselves. War was
imminent. The agent returned and promised
they should have justice, and that this man
should be tried and hung according to the
laws. He took some Indians and went to Cor-
vallis, about forty miles distant, and employed
an attorney, arrested the white man amid great
opposition, prosecuted him with a great deal
of vigor, and had him sent to the penitentiary.
The agent asks that this amount of money
be appropriated to pay the expenses. The
Department promised to send me a letter in
regard to it, but have not done so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is part of the judi-
cial expense, and should not go on this bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not particularly
acquainted with the circumstances of this case
any further than I know that while I was at
home last summer this murder occurred, and
there was considerable excitement about it in
the country, and reports were very current that
the Indians were about to rise and revenge
upon the white people the loss of one ot their
number. The agent by great effort was enabled
to pacify the Indians by promises that the guilty
man should be vigorously prosecuted for the
crime, and he was prosecuted, as I understand,
at. considerable expense, and 1 suppose that it
is necessary that the Government should make
some provision to pay those expenses, as it is*
impossible for the agent without an appropri
ation to use the money of the United States for
that purpose. I have no doubt about the facts
in the case. I suppose he wa3 compelled to
employ attorneys and subpena witnesses and
incur other expenses in providing for the prose-
cution of this man. I do not know as to the
amount, but I know these facts which I have
stated to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The effect of the adoption
of this proposition will simply be to authorize
every agent of the Government in connection
with the Indians or elsewhere, at his own
option, to employ attorneys whenever he thinks
it necessary to prosecute claims or prosecute
violators of the law. There is no reason shown
why this offense having been committed in the
State of Oregon the United States law officers
in that State were not called upon to enforce
the laws; and until that is done certainly we
ought not to justify Indian agents and others
in our service in employing private prosecutors
whenever they choose to do so, by adopting
this amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know but that
the district attorney was also thfere ; perhaps
he might have been employed.
Mr. GRIMES. That simply shows the pre-
posterous folly of attempting to put on an
amendment of this sort without our having any
knowledge on the subject.
Mr. CORBETT. There have been a number
of cases that the United States district attor-
ney has been very busily engaged in trying at
Portland the past year, and as this trial was
something like one hundred miles from there
I presume it was necessary to employ this at-
torney at once to prevent an outbreak. Mr.
Odenell was the gentleman employed as attor-
ney, and money is due him for prosecuting this
man. The agent took a great deal of pains in
the matter. I desire to encourage the prose-
cution of a white man that kills an Indian, and
have him hung or sent to the penitentiary.
That is the only way we can keep peace. There
were, probably, a dozen chiefs taken up there
and kept during the entire trial, and they were
obliged to be fed and taken care of while they
stayed at Corvallis.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question is a very
simple one. Here is a crime committed in the
State of Oregon, and because it happened to
be committed against an Indian therefore the
expenses of prosecuting for the crime are to
be paid by the Government. That is just the
amount of it.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs instruct me to move to strike out the
clause beginning with line eighteen hundred
and forty-two and ending on line eighteen
hundred and forty-seven. This would have
been necessary had not other items been in-
serted yesterday for transporting goods for the
nine bands of Sioux Indians. The clause is
not now necessary, as a sufficient amount is
included in the items.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this clause appears from the printed
bill to have been agreed to as an amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move a reconsider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the clause will be stricken out by
unanimous consent. It is so ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed to offer
an amendment consisting of various items, to
come in after line eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
to move those items separately. Many of them
have no connection with each other.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
their being considered separately. Thefirstis: i
For deficiency in the appropriation "contingen- J
eies Indian department," caused by reason of the j
small amount appropriated tor thefiscal year ending !
June 30,1869, and the expenses necessarily incurred I
by the employment of extra clerks to enable the
bureau to comply with requirements of the third I
scetion act March 2,1867, $11,500, '
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. That was in the former
bill as it passed the Senate at the last session,
and was not agreed to on this bill by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. We could see no
reason for it whatever, and I should like to
have the Senator give a good reason, if he can,
why it should be put in.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, the
explanation is contained in a letter addressed
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to the
Secretary of the Interior, and perhaps it had
as well be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op thr Interior,
Office Indian Affairs,
February 12, 1869.
Sik ; I desire to call your attention to the fact that
there is now on the books of this office of the appro-
priation "contingencies Indian department" thesura
of $3,071 93 only applicable for the remainder of
the present fiscal year. As the expenditures from
that fund average about three thousand dollars per
month, the amount on hand will not, in all probabil-
ity, suffice for more than one month longer, after
which time there will be no money at the disposal
of the department to pay the necessary current and
contingent expenses of this office and of the service
up to the 80th of June next.
The reason why there is so small an amount of
said fund now on hand is this: Congress at its last
sessionappropiiatedonly $25,000 for "contingencies,
Indian department," although for years previous
$36,500 had been appropriated for the purpose. This
last-mentioned sum had been appropriated since
1846. The business of this offico had constantly in-
creased, and it was with the most rigid economy that
the business of the bureau could be carried on with
even that amount. Notwithstanding the attention
of Congress was invited to these facts, (see Ex. Doc.
No. 62, Senate, Fortieth Congress, second session,
p 3.) yet the sum of $25,000 only was appropriated.
An item of §11.500 for deficiency in the last appro-
priation for "contingencies Indian department" was
embraced in the estimate of this office for the next
fiscal year; but it is noticed from House bill No.1738
that said it6m is not included therein. Also, that
the estimate for the next fiscal year on account of
said contingencies isagain reduced to $25,000.
I respectfully request that tho attention of tho
Committee on Appropriations in the Senate be in-
vited to this matter, with such favorable remarks
thereon as you may deem proper and necessary, to
have said item of deficiency appropriated at tho
present session of Congress, and the amount reported
in said bill for contingencies Indian department
changed from $25,000 to $36,500.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. 6. TAYLOR,
Commissioner.
Hon. 0. H. Browning, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the Senator to turn to the law referred to here
as the foundation of this claitn. The amend-
ment speaks of " expenses necessarily incurred
by the emptoyment of extra clerks to enable
the bureau to comply with the requirements of
the third section act March 2, 1867."
Mr. HARLAN. The law referred to is the
following:
"That it shall hereafter be the duty of the officer
in charge of the Indian Bureau to report separately
to Congress, at the commencement of each Decem-
ber session, a tabular statement, showing distinctly
the separate objects of expenditure under his super-
vision, and how much disbursed for each object,
designating the articles and the quantity of each,
and giving the name of each person to whom any
part was paid, and how much paid, to whom, and l'er
what objects, so far as they relate to the disburse-
ments of the funds hereinbefore or which shall be
hereafter appropriated for the incidental, contin-
gent, or miscellaneous expensesof the Indian service
during the fiscal year next preceding each report."
I may state, as I am on my feet, that this is
a deficiency for the contingencies of the Indian
department. The amount usually appropri-
ated has been thirty-six thousand and some
hundred dollars. Last year it was cut down
to $25,000. The deficiency has occurred as
all who were conversant with the business of
the bureau knew that it would occur.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We looked at that law,
and we found that all it did was to impose the
duty upon the Indian department of furnishing
annually certain information, and for anything
that we could see information that ought to be
made up at the department. The department
undertook of its own motion to say that they
needed extra clerks for that purpose, and they
employed extra clerks to perform that- duty
thus imposed, which is a common thing with
Congress in regard to the departments, and
thus°incurred what they call a deficiency. We
deem that course of proceeding altogether
