1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection
to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
'lbo PRESiDIN(j OFFICER. The ques-
tiots is ou concurring in the Senate in the
amennments made as in Committee of the
Vv hole. The question will be put on all the
amendments together, unless Senators indicate
some particular amendments that they wish
excented.
.Mr. ROSS. 1 wish to except the second
section as proposed by the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and also the amendment in the
tenth line of the first section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
section was stricken out. The Senator can
renew the motion to insert it.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to except the amend-
ment which was lost ill the tenth line of the
litst section.
i he PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
necessary to except any amendments which
were lost. They can be renewed without any
notice being taken of them now. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs to one clause where I think there
should be a change of location. It is in the
appropriation with reference to the Crows.
The Senator will observe that there are four
items there which were in that treaty, and
which for that reason lie did not put into his
amendment. I suppose they come under the
swiie treaty, do they not? The provisions I
refer to are on page 27, beginning with, " for
the construction of a warehouse or store-room
for the use of the agent in storing goods," &c.
Mr. HARLAN. I supposed that that stood
in the bill as it came from the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But those items were
taken from this same treaty, were they not?
Mr. HARLAN. They were, as I under-
stand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I think in all
of them the treaty should be referred to. The
Senator will notice that the treaty is not re-
ferred to in any of them. It would be well to
transfer them to the end of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa instead of
inserting them where they are now; that is to
sa\, to put his amendment after line six hun-
dred and thirty-four, and in each item refer to
the treaty. I do not know the article of the
treaty referred to.
Mr. HARLAN I have no objection what-
ever to that modification.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The clerk of the Com-
mittee ou Appiopriations will give the Clerk
at the desk the articles of the treaty under
which those come.
Mr. HARLAN. In the estimates which
have been put in ray hand 1 find that the article
of the treaty referred to is the third article of
the treaty of May 7, 18CjR.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the warehouse?
Mr HARLAN. Yes; "for the construc-
tion of a warehouse or store-room
Mr. FESSENDEN. How as to the next;
for an agency building?
Mr. HARLAN. The same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The nest; the resi-
dence for a physician ?
Mr. HARLAN. The same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the next?
Mr. HARLAN. The same.
Mr. FESSENDEN; Very well. Then let
all those items refer to the treaty in the same
language, and then they may properly come in,
i think, at (he end of the amendment adopted
on the motion of the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made by general consent. The
question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole.
'The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
Still open to amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the
Committee on Indian Affairs agreed to an
amendment in the tenth line, on the first page,
placing the superintendents at the number now
required by law, twelve. It stands in the bill
at eleven. One was stricken out in the House,
as I am informed by my colleague there, who
is chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
in the House, on his own suggestion, intend-
ing then to secure another amendment; but
he failed in that, and therefore, to make the
bill harmonize with the existing law, that is,
to provide for the payment of the superintend-
ents required by law, the number should be
putat twelve instead of eleven. An effort was
made to strike out what is called the southern
superintendency, but that failed. This will
require an amendment in the fourteenth line,
on the top of the second page, so as to make it
read "three superintendents for the tribes east
of the Rocky mountains'' instead of -'two."
If we insert "twelve'' for "eleven'' in the
twelfth line, and "three" for "two" in the
fourteenth line, the bill will then harmonize
with what I am informed is the desire of inv
colleague in the House, who is the chairman
of the Indian Cummittee, and what they in-
tended to have it, and what the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the Senate reported. In
Committee of the Whole it was stricken out.
I suppose it was not understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate voted on
that amendment in committee and rejected it.
Mr. POME HOY. I was not in the Senate
at the lime. What I desire myself is to close
a contest between two or three superintendents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is done best by
the President in appointing them.
Mr. POMEROY. No; the point is this;
there is an effort being made to abolish one
superintendent, and the controversy is which
shall be abolished. If they were all to be
abolished and some new dispensation organ-
ized I should not object; but it will be a great
disturbirg element among us to try to abolish
one and not the rest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think that
argument really addresses itself very much to
the consideration of the Senate. The question
is whether two are not enough. If two are
enough the contest between tlie superintend-
ents who are now m as to which shall be those
two is not an aigument, I think, to satisfy the
Senate that there should be three.
Mr. POMEROY*. That, is not precisely the
point I intended to state ; in fact. I did not state
that. My point is, that the Indians are about
being removed, as was stated here yesterday in
the Senate, and that they should not be trans-
ferred until they aie removed; that these super-
intendents shouid continue tneir office and
position until the removal is effected. Then
they will be ail absorbed into one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see that,
because if there are three superintendents now.
and one is abolished, the other superintendents
can oversee that just as well. The limits of
the superintendencies may be defined by the
Department with perfect ease. There is no
law fixing the limits of the superintendencies.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no law requiring
more than cue. These others have been put
ou by appropriation bibs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The President has
authority to appoint, three. Now we make an
appropriation for two. His autboiity. then,
would consist, til saying who those two shall he,
and the Department has perfect power, as I
understand it, to define the limits of the super-
intendencies. In that case you have a northern
and a southern, and who shall be the superin-
tendents of those northern and southern snper-
intendencies is a question for the Executive to
decide. I cannot conceive at all the necessity
of keeping tlnee because a certain work is to
be done which may be done by either of the
other two, or both of them toaeth-r.
Mr. POMEROY. So far as the law is con-
cerned, there was one snperinrendimey estab
lished at St. Louis. That is the statute on the
subject: and subsequently, when the Indians
receded, there was put into an appropriation
bill one day a provision that there might be an-
other superintendency organized aboutOmaua,-
Then the St. Louis snperinfendency was moved
to Leavenworth, and called the central. Then,
subsequently, there was still another one made,
which was called the southern superintendency,
located west of Arkansas, iia the Indian coun-
try. The three have grown up in this way.
Now we propose not only by law, but by our
or two treaties that, are pending, to move all
the Indians that are in the central superin-
tendency into the southern; and what 1 want
is that they shall all be transferred to the south-
j ern superintendency so soon as they are re-
i moved ; but during their removal, and prepar-
, atory to their departure, I want the present
j superintendence of them continued, because
j the southern superintendent is tlnee or four
j hundred miles from these Indians, who need
; a superintendent during their removal and
| preparatory to getting away. It cannot be
j continued after this year: and mypointwas to
j have it continued this year so as to perfect the
; removal.
| Mr. IESSENDBN. I ask the Senator if
he will not probably make the same argument
next year.
Mr. POMEROY. No ; the Indians will not
be there then. The removal of Indians is a
matter of a good deal of difficulty, particularly
where there are many women and children.
They must, have a superintendent.
Mr. GRIMES. ^\hv so? It seems to me
this is another illustration of the almost utter
impossibility of abolishing an office after you
; have once created it. Twenty years ago we had
I m this country but one Indian superintend
j ency, and that was located at, St. Louis, and
; the Indians then were as near to that superin'-
| tendency as they are to-day, and no nearer.
1 Now I understand from the Senator from
j Kansas that we have three; and when it is
proposed on all bands that one of those super-
, int.endeneies shall he abolished, we find the
I argument adduced in opposition to it that, it
; must be postponed a year until we shall com-
j plete the removal of certain Indians that are
now within the jurisdiction of one of these
superintendencies, a jurisdiction that is estab-
lished by the President of the United States,
and can be changed by him at pleasure; he can
fix just such geographical limits as lie chooses
to assign. Until that, removal is effected this
superintendency. with all its expenses and its
attendant officers, is to be continued. That is
the proposition. If there can possibly be a
weaker argument adduced in favor of con-
1 tinning an officer and continuing an office than
that which is assigned by the Senator from
Kansas 1 confess I have not heard it for some
time, 'i he truth is we are constantly going on
increasing offices when we ought not to increase
them. Ali this business of the Indian super
. intendencies could be just as well done by a
! superintendent established at Leavenworth or
j near the Missouri river, or even at St. Louis,
and by one officer, as it, is now performed by
the several officers who have been created by
law upon occasional Indian appropriation bills.
I commend the Committee on Indian Affairs
for pr.'puiiug to strike out this office, and I
rejoice that the Senator's colleague in the
House of Representatives has done a good
thing, even if he did it by mistake, as the Sen-
ator from Kansas says be did, in attempting to
abeush one office.
Mr. POMEROY The argument of the Sen
ator would be very good if it applied to a case
where we were creating a new office.
Mr. GRIMES. The House of Representa-
tives have abolished an office, and the Senator
insists on retaining it. and hispurposein retain-
ing it and imposing all these expenses upon the
Government is simply because he wants to bave
it retained until a certain Indian tribe shall be
removed out of the present geographical juris-
diction of one of these superintendents, when
that jurisdiction can be changed as well by the
President i>f the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the point.
