450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
We have seven tribes all treated with ; treaties
have been made with them all, and they are
all preparing to move this year. It is true the
treaties are not yet ratified; but if the treaties
are ratified by the Senate they will all be moved
this year ; there will not be one left in the State
of Kansas. The whole seven tribes that are
there are preparing to go.
All I eare for is that during this transition
period for one year they shall have a superin-
tendent. The Committee on Indian Affairs
reported this amendment. If the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs or any
member of the committee think they can dis-
pense with this superintendent for this year I
will vote to dispense with him ; or if they will
vote to strike out the whole I do not care. But
if superintendents are required at any time, it
is to attend* to the removal of the Indians.
More difficulty occurs then than at any other
period. I do not know but that the agents
could report directly to the Department with-
out going through a superintendent better than
to have one at all; but that is the system which
lias been inaugurated. They have got in the
habit of doing their business through superin-
tendents. No agent corresponds directly with
the Department at all. He has no communica-
tion with it except through the superintendent.
All moneys are received through the superin-
tendent : all goods and annuities pass through
him ; there is nothing sent directly to an agent.
If we are to carry out the very provisions con-
tained in this appropriation bill they must be
carried out through superintendents, or else
we must change the whole system. I am not
arguing for any particular system, nor to adhere
to any ; but if we are to retain the old one let
us keep up its machinery.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oil the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Indian
Affairs proposed this amendment; but if the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
thinks I ought not to move it I will not insist
upon it. I supposed it was necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. I know how hard it is to
get rid of an officer. When I first entered the
Senate I made a motion to strike out of an
appropriation bill S500 for the payment of a
land recorder at St. Louis, believing as I then
did, and still do, that the Government was under
no obligation to _ pay the salary of such an
officer. The business had all been done long
before. I attempted it three or four years in
succession and failed every year. I suppose
it to be next to impossible to terminate an
office, but still the Committee on Indian Affairs
thought it best to continue the superintendent
for the Kansas superintendency for the next
year, for the reason that these Indians are
nearly all of them to be removed down into
the Indian territory. Arrangements have been
made and are being made to remove most of
them into that territory. The present super-
intendent is an excellent man,'at least we all
think so. He is now acquainted with these
Indians and has their confidence, and we
thought it would be economical and wise to
continue that superintendency for one year
more. I still think so, and I believe all the
members of the Committee on Indian Affairs
think it ought to be perpetuated a year longer.
^ r shall vote in that way.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I gave notice that I would
oner m the Senate the amendment relating to
the little Indian reservation on the Niobrara
river. It is among the last amendments that
were offered. The Senators from Nebraska
tii e now here and can explain it. I renew that
amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
. For the payment of damages sustained by the eifc-
lzimsof iiobrara township, Nebraska,by the action
ol the (/oveinmcnt inmoi'ingtheSanteeSiouxupon
their Jamla in the year 1866. as shall after proper
investigation under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, who shall appoint a. commission to
ascertain and report the amount of the damages
sustained,$15,OtlO. to be divfrlod pro lata in payment
of the claims to be found due; which shallbe afinal
settlement of said claims.
Mr. THAYER. That amendment is ren-
dered necessary by facts which I will state very
briefly. The Santee Sioux Indians were re-
moved from Minnesota into Dakota Territory,
at the mouth of Crow Creek, and were then
removed by order of the department into the
northeast corner of Nebraska. I will state to
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations that this amendment is offered in pur-
suance of a report from the Indian department,
and I will read a short extract from the state-
ment of the superintendent which the depart-
ment send here. The superintendent states
that the Indians were removed to this location,
"which location included the said Niobrara
township, on which there lived at the time and
yet live quite a number of white settlers, all
of whom had either paid the Government for
their land or had taken it under the homestead
law.'' The Indians committed various depre-
dations, such as burning fcnces and timber,
and destroying property generally. Most of
the settlers were obliged to leave for that rea-
son. Afterward the Secretary of the Interior
ordered the Indians away from there on to
another reservation. This amendment pro-
poses, as it states, that the Secretary of the
Interior shall appoint a commission of three
persons to investigate and ascertain the amount
of damages, if any, that were committed there
by the Indians, and appropriates §15,000 to
pay them. No money is to be expended until
this commission has investigated the facts and
reported the amount due.
I know personally that the property of the
settlers who had preempted and paid for their
lands was destroyed and a good deal of suffer-
ing ensued from it, and no compensation has
ever been made to them. We simply ask that
the Secretary of the Interior be empowered to
appoint a commission of three persons to take
testimony, and then, if these statements of fact
be found substantiated, that he be authorized
to settle with the parties.
Mr. FESSENDEN". One objection to this
amendment, even if it is right in principle,
which I do not concede, is that it appropriates
$15,000 to be divided pro rata among these
people. How do we know that any amount
equal to $15,000 has been lost?
Mr. THAYER. I would have made a fuller
statement in regard to this case but that I did
not wish to take up the time of the Senate.
The special agent who removed these Indians
on to that township informed them that the
Government was willing to buy their land if it
made that a permanent reservation, or to pay
them the damages. The superintendent in his
report says:
.''Injustice to these settlers who have thus been
triflcfl_with by the Government, and hare sustained
what is to them a crreat pecuniary loss, I would
earnestly recommend that Congiess be naked to
appropriate the sum of Jl.3,000. to bo expended, so
tar as maybe necessary,in indemnifying the settlers
referred to for damages sustained by them bv the
action of the Government in moving the Santcc
bioux Indians on their land in the State of Xclir.iska,
and that a commission composed of office) 3 of the
Indian department be appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior, who shall visit thctownship referred
to and report the result of their investigation."
He fixed the sum of $15,000 after having
been upon the ground himself, and from the
general information he obtained there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. TheSenatorwillobserve
that this appropriates $15,000, to be divided
prorata. What does that mean ? That each
one is to receive the same amount?
Mr. THAYER. According to the amount
of damages which it is found by this commis-
sion, after taking sworn testimony, that each
one has sustained, it is contemplated that they
shall go to that township, take all the testimony
which bears on the point, and then settle the
claims according to the amount of damages
which each one has sustained. 1 can assure my
friend from Maine that the settlers have endured
great hardships, resulting from the action of
the Indian department in putting these Indians
on their lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would be better to
insert after '• $15,000" the words " or so much
thereof as may be found necessary," and not
appropriate $15,000 positively when we do not
know that that amount of loss has been actually
suffered.
Mr. THAYER. The amount was inserted
to fix a limit that it should not exceed a cer-
tain sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then say " not exceed-
ing $15,000."
Mr. THAYER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be so modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIARLAN. I gave notice that I should
renew the amendment in relation to Indians in
Arizona. I move in line sixteen hundred and
sixty-two to strike out "$50,000" and insert
" $70,000 so as to make the appropriation for
the Indians in that Territory $70,000. I hope
the Senate may comc to the same judgment
that the Committee on Indian Affairs arrived
at and make this change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that involves
a great many changes all along there.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to abandon all
the others if the Senator will consent that this
amendment shall go in. There is a very large
body of Indians in this Territory—some thirty-
five thousand—and a large proportion of them
are engaged in hostilities; and now that we
have adopted an amendment providing for
what I may call a new peace commission I
think we can with very great safety increase
the appropriation to the sum I have proposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make no objec-
tion.
'The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no other amend-
ments to offer.
Mr. ROSS. I wish to renew an amendment
that was not agreed to yesterday. It has been
modified according to the suggestion of my
colleague. I move to insert this additional
section :
And be it further enacted. That the Apaehe, Kiowa,
and Comanche Indian*, and the Cheyenne and Ara-
pahoe Indians, located by the treaties of October,
1857, on reservations within the limits of the Iudi.ii>
territory, and all other Indians who have been or
may hereafter be removed to reservations within
said territory, shall, after such removal, be included
within thojurisdiction of the superintendent of the
southern superintendency.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I do not see why the
department cannot fix that matter better than
we can by legislation. The Senator accom-
plishes nothing. If the Indians come within
this limit they will be in that superintendency,
of course.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose that will come,
as a matter of course, after their removal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely, it is nut
necessary to pat the provision in the bill, be-
cause if they are there they come within the
limits.
Mr. ROSS. It will not come, as a matter
of course, unless we fix it in this bill. It saves
one hundred and fifty miles' travel that is now
necessary to reach some of these Indians from
the respective headquarters. The department
may fix it in this way or it may not; but if we
fix it now the thing is done.
Mr. GRIMES. But it might prevent, the
department from establishing arty other lines
they may desire in relation to other superm-
tendoncies. It may affect the lines that may
be necessary in their estimation, excluding or
including certain other tribes.
Mr. ROSS. The purpose is to put all these
Indians into that superintendency.
Mr. HARLAN. T here is no necessity for the
amendment now, as there is no appropriation
made for the central superintendency. They
cannot report to any other superintendent hut
the southern. It becomes an impossibility. I
do not think there was any necessity under the
laws, for the Secretary could direct any agent
to report to^ any superintendent. Now that
we abolish virtually one of these superiofcend-
(micmos a t:d lonvo but one there in the whole
