1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
receiving votes; that from the time I arrived there
until near ten o'clock there was no ballot-box used
by the paid election board, but the ballots were
deposited in an open hat; that, in my opinion, there
were near two hundred Votes polled at said election
b^ore *vny batlot-box, except an open hat, was used ;
that other persons besides the election board were
permitted in the room while the open hat was n*ed
as a ballot-box; that various challenges by qualified
elector© of said election district against what were
considered by the challengers as illegal voters were
disregarded by the said election board: that X believe,
from evidence satisfactory to myself, that at least
forty or fitty illegal and fraudulent votes wero polled
at said election.
JOSIA.H PALMER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 20th day
of October, 1868.
A. S. NICHOLSON, Alderm&n.
Also, on the same day, personally appeared before
mo 1). A. Byers, who, being duly sworn according to
law, doth say:
I corroborate the foregoing statement as sworn to
by Josiah Palmer, having been on the ground during
the whole day of said general election, and being
a qualified electoi ut' said election district, having
resided therein oil my lifetime, and never having
voted anywhere el>e; and in addition to wtiat Josiah
Palmer has sworn to I further state thatl saw three
oi four votes passed from one party to another to the
windo w where the votes were received by the inspect-
ors, while tne persons who voted remained in the
wagon, at least fifteen or twenty feet from the said
window—the intermediate space between the voters
and the window being filled with persons or by-
standers. _
D. A. BYERS.
Sworn and subscribed before me this 20th day of
October, 1868.
A. S. NICHOLSON, Alderman.
Mr. CESSNA By an understanding and
arrangement made in the Committee of Elec-
tions, I am required to yield one half of the
first hour to one of the members composing
the minority of that committee in this case;
and inasmuch as thirty minutes of the first
hour have now been consumed, I will yield the
floor to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Churchill,] my colleague on the committee.
Mr. CHURCHILL. The House will observe
ttiG disadvantage under which the minority
rest in presenting their case at this time, from
the fact that no presentation has thus far been
made on the part of the majority of their com-
mittee of their case. The time occupied cfn
this case yesterday was consumed by the ques-
tion of the adjournment, aud the time occu-
pied to day has been taken up in the reading
of a few of the affidavits which have been
printed and are in possession of the House.
It leaves for the minority the task of substan-
tially opening this ease and of presenting then-
reasons for dissenting from the report of the
majority, instead of attacking and answering
if they can the reasons of the majority for the
position they have assumed.
Now, I will ask the attention of the House
to a few considerations in connection with this
case. This is a case of jprima facie right to a
scat in this House, and not a case upon the
merits. There is a well-understood distinction
between such cases, since in the prima facie
case the matter rests upon the papers or cre-
dentials which are presented, and whose value
must be determined by the laws of the State
from which the claimants come. But in a case
on the merits we go back of the credentials,
back of the returns even, for the purpose ol
ascertaining what the result of the action of
the voter was at the polls. I desire members
of the House to bear this distinction in mind,
that this is a prima facie case, and is to be
determined upon the sufficiency of the papers
which have been presented to the House, and
by the House have been referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The election laws of Pennsylvania are very
explicit with regard to the method in which an
election shall be conducted in that State. The
election in each precinct is to be presided over
by a judge of election aud inspectors and clerks,
who at the close of the day certify what num-
ber of votes have been east during the day, the
number of votes received by each person voted
for, and this certificate is taken hy the judge
of election and is presented at a meeting, the
time and place of holding which is fixed by
law, where these various certificates, coming
up from the several voting precincts of the
county, are compared. A new statement is
then made of the votes cast in the county for
each of the persons voted for.
In the case of Representatives in Congress,
as iti this case, where more than one county is
included in a congressional district, the action
of the county board, the certificate which they
have signed, is committed to one of their num-
ber, who meets with one from each of the other
counties of the district, at a Lime and place
also fixed by law ; and there again there is an
adding up of the results in the different coun-
ties, apd a new certificate, in duplicate, is made
out of the. number of votes given for each per-
son voted for. There is also included in that
certificate or the return so made a statement
of the person who is elected for the congres-
sional district. One of the certificates so made
is filed in the county where this last meeting is
held and another is sent to the secretary of the
State. Within five days of this time it is made
the duty of this district board to give a certifi-
cate of election to the person whom they find
to have received a majority of the votes cast.
Upon the^ receipt by the secretary of State of
these various returns from the different con-
gressional districts of the State it then becomes
the duty of the Governor to declare by proc-
lamation the names of the persons who'have
been returned to him as elected; and as soon
as convenient thereafter the Governor is re-
quired to send the returns themselves to the
House of Representatives. This is the entire
duty of the Governor in the premises. He is
to declare by proclamation the names of the
persons who have been returned to him as
elected ; and then, as soon as convenient there-
after, to send the returns themselves to the
House of Representatives.
Now, it will be observed from this statement
of the law of Pennsylvania that it brings into
existence three papers, any one of which, in
the absence of the others, would be sufficient
prima facie evidence of a right to a seat on
this floor. The first is the proclamation of the
Governor ; the second is the return made by
the district judges, which contains the name
of the person certified by them to have been
elected in the district; and the third is the
certificate which they are required to issue to
the person whom they find to have been elected.
The first of these in rank, not by the law of
Pennsylvania, but from the respect which is
ordinarily given to a proclamation issuing from
the highest authority of the StateLand also by
the well-settled practice of this House, is the
proclamation of the Governor; but each of
these papers contains within itself all that is
necessary to establish a prima facia right to a
sea; on this floor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the resolution of the
House under which the Committee of Elections
has been acting and this report has been made j
limits the committee in its examination to
the proclamation, together with certain other
papers which are claimed by the majority of
the committee to answer as a substitute for a
proclamation or to constitute a proclamation.
I fancy that the judgment of this House will
sustain me in the position that unless these
papeis, which it is claimed here are sufficient
to answer as a substitute for a proclamation,
are clearly sufficient to answer that purpose, it |
would be very unjust for us to decide this case
until we have gone beyond the papers which
are referred to in this resolution and examined
these other papers, these other evidences of
prima facie right, which must be presumed to
be in existence, because the laws make it the
duty of the officers to bring them into exist- ,
ence; and which also we know to be in exist-
ence, because one of them at least is now in
the possession of this House, and the other
has been produced hero and read in the de-
bates.
The papers referred to the Committee of
Elections by the resolution of the 5th of March
are three : first, the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor, in which he declares the persons who
were returned him as elected as members
of this House at the election in October, 123£;
second, a letter written by the Governor to the
Clerk of this House on the 20d of February,
1869; and third, certain affidavits which are
referred to in that, letter. Now, the proclama-
tion proper, the proclamation which was issued
last November, so far as it refers to the twenty-
first district of Pennsylvania, simply savs that
no such returns have come to the knowledge
of the Governor as enable him to declare who
was elected in that district.
So far, therefore, as the proclamation is con-
cerned, it furnishes no light whatever upon this
question. We are therefore brought to this
question : whetheror notthe letter of February
28, 1S69. with the accompanying affidavits can
be considered as a proclamation—such a proc-
lamation as is referred to in the laws of Penn-
sylvania, and which being produced here makes
for a claimant a case of prima fade right.
That letter is very brief. It is in the ordinary
form of a letter from one gentleman to another.
It informs Hon. Edward McPherson, Cleik
of this House, that accompanying it are certain
affidavits relating to the election in that district,
aud that these affidavits indicate the election
of Hon. John Covode.
The minority of the Committee of Elections
regard this letter as no proclamation, as no
official act, and as having no legal value what-
ever to determine the question which is now
before this House. In the first place, it is not
a proclamation, for it is not under the great
seal of the State. Two hundred years ago it
was decided in the common law courts of Eng-
land that a proclamation, to be valid as such,
must be under the great seal; and one of the
first acts of the Legislature of Pennsylvania
was to make the common law of England a
part of the public law of Pennsylvania. So
far as regards this particular question as to
what is necessary to make a proclamation, the
Legislature did not leave it there, but in a law
passed in January, 1791, declared what should
be the great seal of the State, and provided
that that, seal should be affixed to all patents,
proclamations, other public rolls, &c., and
further declared that it should be the duty of
the Governor to cause this great seal to be
affixed to all such public documents. Aud in
a subsequent law, which was passed in March
of the same year, the secretary of State is
made the custodian of the great seal; and the
law further provides lhat he shall affix it to all
the papers that are entitled to such attestation.
Now, the absence of that great seal, in the
first place, invalidates entirely the paper re-
garded as a proclamation ; and furthermore, it
is evidence that the Q overnor who signs it and
the secretary of State who attests it did not
understand it as a proclamation, because if
they had so understood it it would have been
the duty of the Governor to cause the seal to
be aflixed and of the secretary of State to affix
it under the laws to which I have called atten-
tion.
But in another respect this letter cannot be
considered as a proclamation. A proclama-
tion is always addressed to the public. This
letter is addressed to an individual, Hon. Ed-
ward McPherson, Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Again, that the secretary of State did not
regard this as a proclamation is proved by the
fact that in his certificate of the genuineness
of the signature of the Governor's letter of
the 23d of February, 1869, he describes it not
as a proclamation, but as a letter.
And there is still one further important fact
to show that this paper was considered by none
of the persons connected with it as a procla-
mation ; and that is, that the person to whom
it is addressed, the Clerk of this House, a per-
sonal and political friend of both the Governor
aud claimant to the seat, did not place the
name of Hon. John Covode on the roll at
the opening of the firat session of the Forty-
First Congress, as otherwise it would have been
his dutv to do.
We see, then, so far as the form of the paper
is concerned, it is entirely wanting in all she
characteriseos of a proclamation, aud cannot
