1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■455.
these claimants upon the list, and hie woul4
have been sworn in, and would have taken his
seat, and the controversy would have been
transferred to another time and under other
circumstances.
What, then, are we to pass upon? The gen-
tleman from New York has properly said that
the question at this time is not who is abso-
lutely entitled to the seat, because that must
be determined when 4he evidence is taken and
the case is fully heard. I indorse the position
of the gentleman from New York so far as he
lias stated, that we are not to settle here now
the absolute right to this seat. The question
to be settled is, who is probably entitled to the
seat? That is all that the certificate of the
Governor would have settled if we had had it.
On account of the difficulty of settling in the
first instance when the House is organizing the
absolute right of the claimants to seats we have
provided by law that a certain officer in each
State shall certify who, in his judgment, is
according to law elected, and that that certifi-
cate shall be conclusive until we can examine
the case. Such a certificate is wanting here,
and as we cannot now examine the case fully
what are we to do? The question which we
are to settle is, who is probably elected by the
people?
Now, I am not going to discuss with the
gentleman from New York how much weight
the Governor's letter may have. I am not
going to discuss with him whether the seal is
broad or narrow. I am not going to discuss
with him whether it is a proclamation or a let-
ter. ] am not going to discuss with him
v. iiethffr these affidavits were taken by a magis-
trate or a judge. Those matters do not affect
the present question. The question is, in the
absence of all the legal forms which the law
osdiuauly gives us, whom do we believe to be
cRMiied to this seat, in the present aspect of the
case, until the facts can be farther discussed,
and the whole question more fully examined.
What is the evidence? The Governor has
examined the (acts attending the election in
thi-i di^it ict. He has by his agents explored
i lie different precincts. lie has taken the evi-
dence ex parte, as a matter of course. Upon
ttiis he has based a conclusion, not in the regu-
lar form, because he says he hasnot the returns
upon which he can base a conclusion in regu-
lar form. But he sends us the evidence upon
wliich he has come to his conclusion, and he
^;iys his conclusion is that John Covode is
(■muled to the seat. That is the conclusion of
111 - ()i\ n uiind.
But the gentleman from New York said. if
1 understood liiin. that the Governor had no
nglit to make this examination and had no
light to send us such a paper: and he appeals
to gentlemen on this side of the House not to
.-el a precedentof which our political opponents
may some time or other avail themselves to
our disadvantage. Sir, our political opponents
have set the precedent upon which we are
acting now. In the case of ButlerKS. Lehman,
Governor Packer, elected by our political
opponents, not only explored the precincts lor
evidence, but set aside formal returns. Gov-
ernor Geary has not done that. Governor
Gearv bad before him no formal returns. No-
hody'pretends that he had any formal returns.
There were three retern judges, one ot whom
certified that Mr. Covode was elected by 32o
majority, while the other two certified that Mr.
Koster was elected by 41 majority. Governor
Gearv had lio formal returns to go behind.
Hut Governor Packer had the formal returns.
'1 he votes ot the precincts were footed up ; the
uisti iet return judges footed them up, and cer-
tified them all'iormallv to the Governor. But
lie went behind those formal returns.^ He
found that there was being tried in the city of
Philadelphia a law-suit to which neither of
the claimants to the seat was a party; and in
that proceeding a man was convicted of having
altered one of the returns, making the majority
for one person larger than it really was. Gov-
ernor Packer, hearing of this law suit going
on m the city of Philadelphia, took the con-
clusion to which the jury came as the proper
conclusion; and upon that evidence he set aside
all the returns.
I am not saying that the action of Governor
Packer was not right. But in this case, when
Governor Geary had no legal returns whatever
upon which he could base his opinion, when
there were no formal returns to be set aside,
he explored the precincts by means of affida-
vits; and upon such investigation he gives us
his opinion. Upon those affidavits, upon this
certificate of the Governor, and upon all the
other papers which the House may have before
it, whether the committee had them or not,
we must decide the question who is probably
entitled to occupy this seat.
Now, itis claimed that Mr. Foster, according
to the certificate of these two political friends
of his, had a majority of 41. See upon what
that was based. Take, for instance, the single
township of Dunbar, in the county of Payette.
'The evidence presented here by men of charac-
ter—not by any careless men that might be
picked up, but persons who are officially cer-
tified as men of character and known to the
legal officer who took the testimony to be
such—shows that in the morning, when the
voters assemlded, there were no ballot-boxes
at all.
Under the laws of Pennsylvania two of the ;
officers conducting the election are ordinarily j
of one party anel one of the other. That was
the case in this township of Dunbar; one of
the inspectors was a political friend of Mr.
Covode and the other inspector and the judge
were friends of Mr. Foster. There being no
ballot-boxes, they sent off a distance of three
miles for them. The Republican inspector,
knowing about how long it would take to get
them, sat down in the building near by and was
conversing with his"friends. After he had been
there some time somebody came in and in-
formed him that the Democratic judge and
Democratic inspector were receiving ballots in
a hat. That might be all well enough in the
absence of boxes; but when the Republican
inspector came into the room he found that
they had a hat to receive one ticket and a little
way off a cigar-box to receive another, and then
another box full of tickets—full of tickets for
Mr. Foster—and a Democrat stood by it ped-
dling out tickets to the people. Instead of com-
plying with the law and standing outside, and
passing the ballots through the window to the
person authorized to take them, the people
crowded into the room and dropped their bal-
lots into the hat or the cigar-box, and they were
handed out from the other cigar-box to th 
people who desired to vote.
One of these Democratic officers had a bottle
of whisky in his pocket, and he not oulydiank
from it himself, but he passed it around to the
other officer and to the men who were voting,
and from time to time the bottle was replenished
during the day.
About noon the ballot-boxes came, and then
the hat and the cigar-box—the one, I mean,
that they had been using as a depository for
the votes—were emptied into the ballot boxes.
And when they came to empty either the hat
or the cigar-box they found m it a large num-
ber of tickets for Mr. Foster which were put
in by mistake, but ill the other corresponding
depositor? they did not find the corresponding
State tickets. But all these tickets went into
the ballot-box. Whether they were dropped
in purposelv. or carelessly putin by somebody
who was drunk, does not appear. Alter a
while the bystanders became considerably ex-
cited with whisky, and they_ declared tney
would have no more insolence from the Repub-
lican challenger. He had challenged a number
of votes that were known to him and others,
or believed to be, foreigners, who presented
papers known as "Philadelphia naturalization''
all over the State, and alleged to be fraudu-
lent. This man has testified that those who
came up and presented these papers had not
been away from their homes to get any such
papers, and yet they were allowed to vote. It
got up some feeling. The Republican chal-
lenger was turned out of the room, and the
evidence shows that the Democratic inspector
opened the door and the Democratic judge
ordered him out. Immediately after he went
out a body of strangers—so it is stated in the
evidence—to the number of thirty-five or forty
formed around the outside of the wiudow and
demanded to vote. Some gentleman began to
challenge, but they formed a semicircle and
put the challenger outside, and every man of
them voted.
When they came to count the votes they
found there were more tickets in the ballot-box
for Foster than tliey could find recorded. The
clerk, it seems, could not write the names as
fast as the tickets were dropped in, and when
they came to count the voles they found that
they gave Foster 100 more majority than the
Democratic party ever had before.
Now, I submit to my friend from New York,
[Mr. Churchill,] who has had these affidavits
before him as a member of the committee,
whether, so far as this township is concerned,
the Governor is not sustained in claiming that
the returns indicate the election ofJolm Covode?
Mr. CHUliCHILL. I ask the gentleman
whether there is any evidence whatever in the
papers which lie says came to the possession
of the committee to show what the majorities
were for either of these men who contest this
seat, as certified by either set of return judges?
And I will ask hint further, whether he did not
himself by his own opposition here upon this
floor prevent such evidence coming to the pos-
session of the committee, and whether, there-
fore, in now stating that certain majorities were
claimed in that district—41 on the one side and
325 on the other—he is not impelling facts into
the discussion here now which he refused to
allow to go to the committee? I will ask him
fuither, whether there is a particle of evidence
to show how many votes were cast at this elec-
tion precinct, aud whether if the whole vote
was rejected or counted it would have changed
at all the result of the election in that district?
Mr. SC0F1ELD. If I understand the gen-
tleman—aud I think I understood him when
he was on the floor before—he is going to base
his judgment of the right, of a man to a seat
upon this floor on the technicality, or what I
look upon as a technicality, that papers to in-
dicate what majority Mr. Foster claimed and
exactly how many Mr. Covode claimed were
not referred to the committee. I believe in
point of fact that all the papers were sent to
the committee, and they were read and exam-
ined by the gentleman.
Mr. CHURCHILL. What I say is this:
that the letter of the Governor was not an offi-
cial act, and therefore it has no value beyond
the foundation which the Governor says is the
warrant for its statement, and that those affi-
davits which he cites as warrant for that state-
i ment contain no evidence whatever which
| indicates the election of anybody. Thatismy
position.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I will first reply to the
first suggestion made by the gentlemaa. He
states that by my vote in the House the power
over this subject given to the committee pre-
vented the papers which the Governor had
rejected being presented to the committee to
show that there had been an election held at all,
j or the number of votes that it is pretended were
i given for anybody. It was not my intention,
,i and I do not think it was the intention of the
| House, to preclude the committee from know-
| ing all the facts contained in those papers,
i But this was the question which -was presented
;! by my learned colleague from Pennsylvania,
! [Mr. Woodward,] and which I combated, that
| inasmuch as two of the return judges had cer-
tified that Mr. Foster had a majority of 41
and the other judge did not concur in that,
but made a different certificate, the committee
would be bound to say that the certificate ot
these two men, being a majority ot the three, was
prima facie evidence of Mr. Foster s right to
the seat. He cited the opinion of the attorney
general of Pennsylvania to sustain him in that
opinion.
