1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m-
to me. The gentleman from Pennsylvania did
not rise and did not address tbe Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin can settle tbe matter as to whether he
hold.-, ihe floor by the consent of the gentleman
iron) Pennsylvania or in his own right.
Mr. PAINE. There is no necessity to waste
any further time on this point. Fifteen min-
utes of my time have been already exhausted.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin hold the floor in his own right, or j
by permission of the gentleman from Penn- |
sylvania? '
•Mr. PAINE. I hold the floor in my own j
right, Hnd not by permission of the gentleman j
from PennsUvania. ;
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman holds !
the floor in his own right, and has yielded to
the gentleman from Ohio for the purpose of
offering the resolution, the resolution is now
before the House.
Mr. CESSNA. This whole arrangement of
yielding the floor in the last hour was by my
consent. While I do object to other gentle-
men getting the floor to offer separate propo-
sitions I am perfectly willing to allow the
chairman of the Committee of Elections to
submit any remarks or proposition he may
choosc. 1 yielded the floor to him for that
purpose, but not that he should deputize that
power to any other person.
The SPEAKER. That is immaterial; for
if the gentleman from Wisconsin has the right
to the floor he can yield it to any member he
pleases, within the time which he is allowed,
for the purpose of submitting an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my resolu-
tion. and if the gentleman from Wisconsin
thinks proper he can offer it himself.
Mr. ELDRdDGE. I rise to a question of
order. As I understood the arrangement it
was that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
should give the gentleman from Wisconsin one
half of the hour to which he was entitled after
seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not propose to take his
hour after the seconding of the previous ques-
tion, but to take it before the seconding of the
previous question. The first halt of that hour
he has given to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
who is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, there is no man
on tlrs floor who would have been better satis-
fied than myself if 1 could have brought myself
to concur in the report of the Committee of
Elections in this case. 1 have not been able
to do so. and I do not propose to detain the
Hou^e l v artv argument on the subject, but
will briefly state tbe reasons for the position
which 1 occupy.
The House referred to the Committee of
Elections, first, the proclamation of the Gover-
nor of Pennsylvania: secondly, the letter of
tbe Governor to the Speaker of this House,
and, thirdly, the affidavits referred to in that
letter. There were other instruments of evi-
dence in the possession of the House which
might have been referred to the committee as
the basis of their report, but were not so
referred. 1 have already stated to the ilouse
incidentally what tho«e documents were.
I wiii first t-peak of the proclamation of the
Governor of Pennsylvania, and 1 will repeat
to some extent what I have stated before.
There is no law upon the statute-book of
Pennsylvania which authorizes the Governor i
ot that State to send that proclamation here,
or even a transcript of it. You have to look
to the common lav," of evidence for authority
on lite part of the committee or the House to
look into a certified copy of the Governor s
proclamation for evidence in this case. And
when von do look to that common law authority
what do you find it to lie? In my judgment it
is a complete and satisfactory authority beyond
the possibility of a doubt, i'hat proclamation
was authorized by statute law. It was an offi-
cial act of the Executive of the State. A
transcript of the proclamation is evidence here.
41,ct Coxo. 1st Srss, - No, 30.
If the question is whether the Clerk has the
right to put the name of a claimant on the
rolls of the House, or whether the House has
the right to give him the seat, on a prima facie
title, the first thing, the most obvious and
proper thing for us to do is to look at this
trauscript of tbe Governor's proclamation,
although it stands upon the common law of
evidence and not upon the statutes of the
State. We did look at it, and we found in that ji
proclamation there was no showing in regard
to this district, except that no such returns of
the election had been received by the secretary
of the Commonwealth as would, under the
election laws of tbe State, authorize the Gov-
ernor to proclaim who was elected to repre-
sent that district.
Next we puss to the letter of the Governor.
I call it a letter, because i have not been able
to find, either in the substance or form of that
document, anything in conformity to the stat-
ute of Pennsylvania. I concluded, as I was
compelled to conclude, that it was not an offi-
cial act. It does not come before us with any
of the qualities of legal evidence which official
acts possess. It comes to us as the act of the
individual, John W. Geary, and not as the
official act of the Governor of the State of
Pennsylvania. We could not look at it.as evi-
dence, even if it would have proved anything
in favor of either party to this issue.
It is said, however, on tbe other side that it
was sent to the committee-room by the House,
and by that operation transformed into legal
| for three or four daw or require the parties to
j prepare their ease for a prompt decision on
i the merits at the opening of the next sessions
| I therefore submit the following resolution i -
! Itemlved, That tbe contested-election ea-e frolu
the twenty-first conereesioEal dUtrict of Pennsyl-
vania bo recommitted to the Committee of E.eeiiens
with instructions to report, upon the merits of the
case, who is entitled to represent said district in tijis
House, with authority to make regulations to govern
the mode of conducting the contest and taking test'
mony.
Mr. DAWES, I find myself in an unpleas-
ant position, and that is the reason I now rise
to speak in a matter of which I have no charge
and for which I am not responsible. It is in-
timated on both sides of the House that there
is something peculiar in the resolution which
I offered 011 the 5th day of March last. ' Per-
haps all I can say is that to my mind there is
nothing peculiar in the resolution at all.
Some have gone so far as to say that I have
had some peculiar motive in offering it. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] said the other day when he offered cer-
tain resolutions in the House enlarging- the
scope of this resolution that I had led the
House into a trap.
Mr. WG ODWARD. I did not use the word
"trap."
Mr. DAWES. He said that I had led the
House into an embarrassing position by op-
posing his resolutions in debate and then sav-
ing myself by voting against the motion to lay
tliem upon the table. I cannot construe that
into anything but unfairness toward a fellow-
evidence, by that device stamped with a legal , member of ^ Hous<;. an(J jf | thoKght £ were
character which it did no e o.e p .. ■ ,1 guilty of what was charged 1 should never ask
cannot see it in that hgti , an am ^ p - ^ j£,Jllse t0 toanvthing more from me.
to reject this theory and tins letter w-me, my I ,fhe tlemjm,g remajks compelled me to
friends and colleagues on t le commi ^ a(. tj,6 debate which occurred between
accepted as tne grounds on wine o a^e ir ,i fcim and myself, and whatever may be hia infer-
report. « . -r) 1 . ^ ence about it there is not a word said by ine
\\ e next come to tne reum^. ara^a ,j ^ occagjon [i seems to me, couid
til el aw of Pennsylvania tne three county board, , ja&d(y h;m ^ gav- wba[ he d|d to_d H<JW
sent their returns to the district boar , ana 1 ■ ^ ^ c0lne t0 participate in that debate ? He
district board sent its returns 0 e secre ar_ forgets that fee indicated himself, in his own
of State, and the Governor sent ail of these ;
returns to us. I now hold them all in my
hand. The Governor declared in his original
proclamation that no such returns had come
to him as would authorize him to dechire that
any one had been elected in that oistrict.
But, sir, it happens that neither under the ^
iaw of Pennsylvania or of the United States i £rorQ
I are we compelled to look to him for informa- ■'
i tion as to the true construction to be put upon
j those returns. It makes no difference to us bow .J
i lie construed those returns. It makes no uifter- |
I ence to us whether he ever issued this procla- i
! mat ion at all or not, for the existing statute of
1 Pennsylvania requires bun to send, not the
; proclamation, but tbe returns of the election
; here, so that we may if we choose decide
j whether we shall put the name of one or the
j other of these claimants upon our roll. *\e do ,
j not care what, tbe Governor could or could no:
I do. for he has sent us the returns themselves ,
If those district returns will not enable us to ■
j decide the question, it they are do*ubtiul in 1
: import or defective in form, then we can go :
! down a step further and look at tbe county I
returns. , •
; But, sir, we have not been permitted to :
look into either tbe district or county returns,
' although they were sent 10 our committee-
> room bv the House, and are now here ,'i my
■ hand, I do not say thai they will neces-ardy
: determine the prima facie case, but I say
j there is no man here to deny that they will,
' and trom my examination of these papers,
t hastily made since I last had the floor. 1 am
; saiisiied that if driven to that the committee
! will be able to find who had the prima Jaeic
1 right to llie seat from these returns. ^
I "But, sir, I do not think it wise to drive us oaeK
| to another prima facie case. It will be better
! to decide this case on its merits, and for this
! reason: the session is almost at an end, anu
| it. can make no material difivrer.ce to the peo-
1 pie of that district whether we permit a Retire-
1 seutetivp to sit here under a prima facie title
remarks, that the gentleman who offered the
resolution of the 5th of March had some sin-
ister motive in it. The gentleman did not like
to state it, but still under that remaik he left
such an inference against the author of the
resolution.
WOODWARD. When the gentleman
Massachusetts made substantially the
! same remarks the other day I disclaimed it
I then, and I disclaim it i>ow.
| Mr. DAWE?, The House is tired of this
i debate, and 1 hope the gentleman will let me
go on and get through With what! havetosay.
; Mr. WOODWARD, l'ou must not go on
till 1 have put myseif right, i never did im-
pute f-nister motives to the gentleman in.m
Massachusetts, by woid or u-=ed,
Mr. DAWES. I am not undertaking t- re
fute any such conclusion. I do not tli.uk the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would impure
sinister motives to ine, as I certainly woutd
nor impute them to him. I am refuting ihe
idea pat forward by the gentleman that I de-
bated one way and voted another. By rtfor-
ence to the Globe. I lind that, while I voted for
that resolution of the orb oi March I did it
upon the around which 1 stated to-dav. that
the only wav of determining this -prima facte
case was to put ourselves in the shoes of the
Governor.
The SPEAKER. The time a>fted for de-
bate has expired.
Mr. DAW ES. I hope I will have unanimous
consent to finish mv temarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWE-v *1 have been looking over
that debate in the Globe which I have not seen
since its occurrence, and I find my remarks on
that occasion are in toiiim verbis just what I.
have stated. Let me read from that debate,
state as follows:
" Mv theory is that the proclamation of tb 
%r fiiul the evidence upon which he base* mS
aoa.tin.tc tt..  *  /°«f
avidenaa, mid because of the mobility of tbe com
