THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
kittee in a former Congress to determine what eoil-
stituted a prima facie ease I saw fit to limit in my
resolution the investigation of the Committee or
Elections t<? what constitutes to the Governor the
evidence of a tn-ima facie case, so as to take that be-
fore the Committee of Elections with the Governor's
certificate, and upon that to pronounco the prima
facie case, and let the party who has it take his seat.
This is followed by a colloquy between the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and myself,
which I find reported in the Globe in these
words:
"Mr. Woodward. Why not include these papers?
"Mr. JDawes. I do not desire to exclude anything |
whicli comcs within the province of the Governor of '
Pennsylvania, and to that end I so drew the l-esolu- j
tion which I submitted. !
"Mr. Woodward. What objection has the gentle- I
man to ray sending theBO returns to the committee? j
!' Mr. Dawes. I have no objection to confining i
this investigation to the duty which thelaw of Penn-
sylvania devolves upon the Governor in order to de-
termine who has the prima facie case; but X did
object—and that is why X limited the resolution—to
going beyond what the Governor could not go be-
yond."
Now, whatever the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania may have inferred from my remarks is
for him and not for me ; bat I beg of him, if lie
lias any confidence in me as a man, not to
repeat here before this House that I intention-
ally led the House by debate to one conclusion
and then escaped that by voting for another
conclusion.
Mr. CESSNA. I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I would not
have said a word at this time if it had not
been for the remarks from the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] He has stated in an
emphatic way that a portion of evidence, as
he claims it to be, has been withheld from
the Committee of Elections which should have
gone to that committee and taken into consid-
eration by them. He stated that it was his
belief and the belief of the House that that evi-
dence had been referred under the resolution
of the 5th of March to the committee. I do
not know whether the gentleman from Ohio
was in his seat during the discussion of the oth
of March or the 18th of March, when this ques-
tion was before the House; but I do know that
my recollection is the very reverse of his. I
distinctly stated in that discussion that it was
my purpose to exclude from the committee
that piece of evidence as he chooses to call it.
My colleague [Mr. Woodward] was struggling
on the other hand to have it go to the commit-
tee, and I was opposing it. 1 gave my reasons
for opposing it. I claimed that we had already
made a mistake in the case of Coffroth vs.
Koontz, and in getting up a prima facie case
on mangled returns we found we had given
the seat to the wrong man.
On the 18th of March my colleague again
struggled to have this matter referred to the
Committee of Elections. He wished to have it
referred to that committee for the purpose of
basing & prima facie case of evidence upon it.
I said 1 was opposed to have a prima facie c.ase
based upon it. My colleague referred me to an
opinion of Attorney General Meredith, where
he undertook to state who had the majority. I
admitted that was his opinion, but said I was
opposed to it. So, then, the gentleman from
Ohio is mistaken when h-e says the House was
entrapped.
Mr. GARFIELD. No ; I did not say that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am opposed to-day, as
I was opposed then, to taking these incomplete
returns aud basing a prima facie case upon
them. I wanted to exclude them, because I
was opposed to having any such conclusions
drawn from them, and so I stated in debate at
the time. There was no deception about the
matter. Every man who was attending to his
duty here understood the question perfectly.
Perhaps on the first day vraen the resolution
was offered the question may not have been
understood, because that resolution was not
debated ; but when my colleague from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Woodward] introduced his sup-
plementary resolution, every member who was
attending to his duty here understood it; it
was voted upon with a full understanding of
the question.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am requested by my
friend, Mr. Covode, to say that he is not and
has not been opposed to the proposition of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Paixe.] He
is willing that this whole subject shall be in-
vestigated. What I have opposed heretofore,
and what I oppose now, is giving the seat to
Mr. Foster upon those mangled and imperfect
returns which the Governor has rejected, and
properly rejected, as the affidavits show.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. He says that daring
the debate to which reference has been made —
and I remember it very well—he opposed allow-
ing these returns to go into the hands of the
committee for the purpose of having a prima
facie case made upon them. I desire to ask
him whether his resolution, upon which his
remarks were made, was not either voted down
or withdrawn ; or rather, was not a resolution
introduced by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts substituted for it; and did not the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, in all his remarks
during the course of that interlocutory debate,
say that he proposed to put the committee in
precisely the position of the Governor himself
in regard to the whole case?
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken as to the propositions which were
offered. The first resolution was offered by
my colleague [Mr. Woodward] to refer the
whole matter to the Committee of Elections.
I moved as a substitute to that resolution a
proposition to give the seat to John Covode.
The gentleman from Massachusetts proposed
the reference of the question by a resolution,
which was adopted in lieu of my proposed sub-
stitute, my proposition being voted down, as
was the resolution of my colleague. [Mr. Wood-
ward.]
Mr. PAINE. I think that this interlocutory
debate has gone far enough. I trust that my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cbssma] who
reported the resolution of the majority of the
committee will now be allowed five minutes ;
for otherwise, if my motion to recommit shall
be adopted, he will have no opportunity to say
a single'word in this debate.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, when
two gentlemen have, by common consent, been
permitted to make a few remarks in explana-
tion of what occurred in the interlocutory debate
several weeks ago, I suppose the House will
not refuse to allow me a few minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] to proceed?
Mr. ALLISON. How much time does the
gentleman want?
Mr. WOODWARD. Three minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. WOOD WARD. Mr. Speaker, my course
in regard to this whole subject, as well as in
regard to aliothersubjects, is as clear as the sun-
light of heaven. I saw in the hands of the Clerk
of this House official returns sent to him by
the Governor of the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. I proposed that those returns should
be referred to the Committee of Elections of
this House. A simpler, plainer, more honest
proposition was never made in this body. My
colleague [Mr. Scofield] and the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] had the ad-
dress upon two occasions to induce this House
to reject that honest proposition ; and when i
the fina'l vote came the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts voted against the majority whom he
had been leading, and voted with me against
tabling my resolution. That is the record which
has been made up. It is an imperishable rec-
ord, and no explanation, no side issues, can
change that record. There it stands ; and as
I have taken occasion to-day to show that i
record to this House, so will I take occasion i
to exhibit it to my countrymen. Ay, sir, the !
country shall understand how Massachusetts j
leads this House; how a gentleman from that !
State, after opposing a fair and honest propo-
sition, dodges, and upon the final vote puts
himself right upon the record.
This House is now in circumstances of em-
barrassment owing, first, to the adoption of the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and in the second place, to the tabling
of my resolution. The House is embarrassed.
There is not a man who does not feel it. I
said before, and I stand here .to repeat it. that
the gentleman from Massachusetts led the
House into this embarrassing position, and
then deserted the other side and voted with us,
as the record shows.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether he is not of tiie
opinion that Mr. Covode is entitled to the
prima facie right to this seat under the reso-
lution which was adopted by the House ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Ihave not passed upon
his case affirmatively or otherwise.
Mr. DICKEY. Does my colleague want the
House to beg his pardon for having rejected
his resolution ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I have not spent a
moment in discussing the question of contest
between Covode and Foster. What I do ask
is that the House shall refer this evidence to
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. CESSNA. I have yielded nearly all of
my time to other members of the House, but
I desire now in a very few words to state one
or two propositions before I demand the pre-
vious question. I do not know whether the
House will sustain the demand for the previous
question on the proposition of the gentleman
from Wisconsin, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, or whether they will adopt
the proposition itself. I did intend to explain
the views which I as one of the members of
the committee hold in reference to the pending
question; but as the hour is late I shall forbear
as a matter of courtesy to the House.
I am willing to stand before the House and
the country on the report of the majority of
the committee. I am free to say, I atn glad
to say, that I join heartily in the conclusion
to which the committee have come upon the
evidence to which we believe under the action
of the House we were confined. I believe the
resolution of the House was correct at the time
it pf.ssed, and I still believe so. I do not know
whether the Governor of Pennsylvania had
such returns before him as authorized him to
dec'are that no man was elected in the twenty-
first congressional district. I have never seen
those returns.
As the session is near its close and ample
time will be afforded for a thorough investiga-
tion in all the matters connected with this
contested-election case, I am instructed to say
that there is no objection, at least on the part
of one of the parties, to the adoption of the
resolution submitted by the chairman of the
Committee of Elections. The committee will
then be able to present at the next session all
the facts necessary for determining whether
there was a fair election held in the twenty-
first congressional district of Pennsylvania,
and whether upon the merits of the ease John
Covode or Henry D. Foster is entitled to the
seat upon this floor. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof, Mr. I'aise's resolution was
adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; andal«o
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OREGON RAILROAD
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I rise to a
privileged question, and call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which House joint reso-
lution No. 48, granting the right of way for the
construction of a railroad from a point at or
near Portland, Oregon, to some point west of
