1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Cascade mountains in the Territory of
Washington, was referred to the Committee
•on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman calls that
question up now and it goes over as unfinished
business it. will prevent us going into commit-
tee to-morrow and taking up the deficiency bill.
The consequence will be that the deficiency
bill will go over till Monday. I therefore ap-
peal te the gentleman not to call uphis motion
unless he will yield the floor to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I think it
will take but a few minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 appeal to the gentle-
man to let the census bill be taken up.
The SPJi AKER. The motion to reconsider
is before the House as a privileged question.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of that; and un-
less the gentleman will heed my appeal I shall
be obliged to move to lay the resolution on the
table whenever I can get the opportunity,
although I have no hostility to the measure.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if this should go over as unfinished business at
the adjournment to-day it will be the duty of
the Chair to recognize the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations if he moves to go
-into Committee of the Whole, inasmuch as that
being a privileged motion to suspend the rules
would take precedence of this.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have no
doubt this can be disposed of this evening.
Mr. DAWES. Is it the gentleman's inten-
tion to do that ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Ihope to dis-
pose of it at once.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to ; and
the question recurred on the motion to refer
the resolution to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I withdraw
the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now
before the House. It will be reported.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to ex-
tend its branch line from a point near Port-
land, Oregon, to some suitable point on Puget
Bound, to be determined by said company, and
also to connect the same with its main line
■west of the Cascade mountains in Washington
Territory, said extension being subject to the
conditions and entitled to the privileges here-
tofore prescribed ; provided that the company
■shall not be entitled to any subsidy in money,
bonds, or additional lands, except such lands
as may be included in the right of way on the
line of the extension.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask whether this has been
considered and reported by any committee?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad have considered
the subject and a favorable report has been
ordered, as the chairman of that committee
will, state. But there are important reasons
why the resolution should be passed at this ses-
sion ; therefore I have had the motion entered
to reconsider its reference.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say, in behalf of all of us who have
not examined this question, that it would be
improper and dangerous to act upon a propo-
sition of so much moment without its having
been carefully considered by some committee
and reported in the regular way. The joint
resolution has not even been printed, and at
this late day in the session the attempt is made
to hurry it through without examination or
debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. The gentle-
man will pardon me : this has been considered
by acommittee carefully, and they have author-
ized a report in its favor, and after merely
stating the object of the bill I will call upon
the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific i
Railroad to corroborate what I say. This res- j
olution asks no grant of land, no subsidy, noth- j
ing from the Government except the mere :
privilege of extending a branch wifh the^ight I
of way, two hundred feet wide, over the
public land from Portland, Oregon, to Puget
sound. It, of coarse, gives no right over any
private property. The Northern Pacific rail-
road has no subsidy in money, nothing but a
land grant. In order to get a communication
through as soon as possible it was necessary to
use both railroad and water communication.
Now, from Portland, Oregon, to Walla-Walla
there is good navigation for a distanced' some
two hundred and fifty miles, and the company
desire to build a road from Puget sound to
Portland, in order to avail themselves of this
water navigation. Then they want to lay a
track up as far as Lake Pend Oreille. There
they get again some twenty-five miles of navi-
gation. Then, by building a road up to Port
Benton, they can strike the Missouri river and
get on that river a navigation of five hundred
miles, which they can use temporarily before
completing their road. That is the only object
of the joint resolution. To pass through the
Cascade mountains on the main branch to get
through to Puget sound would require an ex-
penditure of money on that heavy work which
the company does not now feel authorized to
make. They would rather expend it on other
portions of their route.
The reason why it is desirable to get this
joint resolution is that this is away over on the
other side of the continent, and the iron has
to go all round Cape Horn before it reaches
them. The surveys must be made, and after
that the iron sent round ; and to leave it until
next session will delay the operations therefor
a whole year. I now yield to the chairman of
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say that the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad have exam-
ined this joint resolution very carefully and
would have reported to the House, if the com-
mittee had been called, an amendment which
I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, further. At least twenty-live miles of said
extension bliall be constructed before the 2d day of
July, A. D. 1871. and forty mites per year thereafter
until the whole ofsaid extension is completed.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
considered as pending.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. As the joint resolution
calls for no subsidy in lands or money, and is
in the direct line of the precedents established
by the House, I demand the previous question
on its passage.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have no
control of the floor. Tne gentleman from New
York has demanded the previous question.
Mr. FITCH. Is it in order to move to lay
the joint, resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order.
Mr. FITCH. I make that motion.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to lay the joint resolution on the table.
The previous question was seconded and the i
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
The question was on the passage of the joint
resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. As there has been no
opportunity for debate, and this is an important
matter. I call for the yeas and nays, and tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; only fourteen mem-
bers voting therefor.
The yeas and nays were refused ; only thir-
teen members voting therefor.
Mr. LAWRENCE moved that the House
adjourn.
The question was put: and on a division there
were—ayes 34, noes 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota, moved to recon-
sider the vote by wWxjh the joint icsolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table. -
The latter motion was agreed to. -
condition or georgia. ' -
Mr. PAINE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction to ask -that adorn-
ment which I hold in my hand may be pt'mSei
aud recommitted to the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. What is it?
Mr. PAINE. It is an argument of Hoik
Mr. Tift, formerly a member of the House
from the State of Georgia, relative to the con-
dition of affairs in that State.
Mr. BROOKS. I havano objection to that.
The document was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction,-and ordered to be
printed.
jonathan crews.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous cansent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 869) to authorize
Jonathan Crews, of Vincennes, Indiana, to
purchase a certain tract of land in Daviess
county, in the State of Indiana; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
printing for the house.
Mr. CAKE, from the Committee on Priol-
ing, reported the following resolution;
Mesohed, That the orders heretofore eiven to print
the accounts of the Treasurer of the United States,
tho evidence taken before the investigating commit-
tees ia relation to tho impeachment of Judge Bus-
teed. the Alaska case, ano" the overland mail case, be,
and they are hereby, rescinded, the reports proper
only to be printed.
Mr. GARFIE LD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] to allow me to mov«
an amendment to this resolution.
Mr. CAKE. What is the amendment?
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire Kr move to strike
out that portion of the resolution relating to
Alaska and the Overland Mail Company. The
evidence in those cases is quite brief, and we
ought to have it printed.
Mr. CAKE. The reports will show all that
is necessary.
Mr. JENCKES. I think it ought all to be
printed.
Mr. CAKE. I call the previous question on
the resolution.
Mr. J ENCKES. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay the resolution on the table; and upon a
division there were—ayes 54, noes 40; no
quorum voting.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. ra.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of William
Rullman, asking compensation for supplies
furnished and damages sustained by the opera-
tions of the Army during the war.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of George
S. Atkinson, of Ohio, for relief.
By Mr. FERR1SS: A petition for the relief
of Sarah Call, widow of Philip Call, deceased.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The petition of
officers and privates of the first, second, third,
fourth, and fifth regiments United States re-
serve corps, Missouri volunteers, praying for
allowance of bounties to said regiments.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition oi ArleRe
Leonard, widow of Marvin H. Leonard, for a
pension. . . „ _ ,
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Robert
B. Bouldia, of Charlotte county, Virginia,
praying for removal of disabilities.
