1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
running of the grant the corporation to which
these lands were granted availed itself of the
grant bystripping a large portion of the lands
of the timber and riot making any progress
whatever in the construction of the road ; that
during tin; second extension of the grant they
have done the same thing, and there is still no
step takfit toward the construction of the road,
and that the proposed extension now is for
eighteen months, a period sufficient to enable
them to take the balance of the timber off the
land granted to aid in the construction of the
road. And in the mean time private capital
has been invested in the construction of a rail-
road which runs entirely parallel, I believe,
with tne road proposed to be constructed, and
that road is already advanced to a consider-
able degree of completion, and will be com-
pleted ; and the strong probability is that the
other road, for which this grant is made, will
not be completed when that one is.
These are the facts as given to me. I do not
state them of my own knowledge, bat I have
the statement of gentlemen in whose words I
rely, and who are interested in the question,
that these are the facts. For these reasons I
hope the resolution will go before the commit-
tee, as it is a proper subject of investigation.
Mr. HOWE. Sow, Mr. President, let me
tell the Senate just about this case, and do it
briefly, and I believe the Senate will do by the
State of Wisconsin as it has done by other
States. In 1856 the Congress of the United
States made a grant to the State of Wisconsin
to build a road from Portage City, in that State,
to the Mississippi river, with a branch running
northward to Hudson, and from there two
branches to the shores of Lake Superior. That
was in lbo6. That grant has been subdivided
into three sections, one of which covers the
road from Portage City to the Mississippi;
another covers the branch road from Toma, on
the Mississippi, to Hudson, and the other the
rest of the ground from Hudson to the shores
of Luke Superior. The first section has been
completed. The second section—I sav this in
reply to the statement of the Senator from New
• York yesterday, that they had not builta mile—
the road is running thirty-two miles. This
third section has not been built, nor has any
considerable amount of work been done on it.
'1 bis line of road is projected right through a
solid wilderness, i think it is something like
one hundred and fifty miles in length, and in
that whole distance there is but one assembly
district. There is a little settlement in two or
three places on Luke Superior, and some set-
tlements on the southern end of the road. It
is an unbroken wilderness. If the Govern-
ment has an interest in building a road through
its public domain anywhere this is the place.
Ihe Senator from Pennsylvania says that he
is instructed that these lands have been stripped
of the timber. A great many of the Govern-
ment lands have been stripped of timber. If
the company to which this grant was assigned
have stripped them they are trespassers like
anybody else. They have no authority to cut
a foot; and I will agree to put a statute on the
books to hang by the neck until he is dead any
man or any company found engaged in strip-
ping the public domain anywhere of timber.
Jt is not the fault of your grant, nor the fault
of the Siate of Wisconsin, that these lands
have been stripped, if they have been. They
would have been stripped any way. Xow, 1
appeal to my friend from Pennsylvania, who is
u candid and just man, if he really supposes
h:s constituents in Pennsylvania feel any more
interest in protecting the public domain up in
Wisconsin than Wisconsin does?
Sir. SCOT f. Iain frank to say to my friend
from Wisconsin that 1 believe my constituents
sirevoiy anxious to protect their own interests.
Mr. HOWE. 1 guess so.
Mr, SCOTT. 1 am very frank to say that
they are interested in tho consduction of the
other road, in which they have invested their
capital
Mr. HOWE. 1 stated that yesterday. 1
understand that some very patriotic gentlemen
in Philadelphia have invested some money in
the construction of a road running through"the
eastern part of Minnesota, and striking the
head of Lake Superior, connecting Lake Supe-
rior with the Minnesota line of roads; and .
that is gravely urged herein the Senate of the I
United States as a reason why the State of
Wisconsin should not be allowed to build a
road to connect it3 lines with Lake Superior.
I concede that my friend from Pennsylvania
should represent here the interests of his con-
stituents ; but I ask the Senate to stand by the
interests of the Government. You have got
a large body of wild lands there. It is for the
interest of the Government that a road should t
be built through them to bring them into market, j
We are told that the old company has not
treated this grant fairly. That is a fact. The
State of Wisconsin, and I as her representa-
tive, have been remonstrating all alongagainst
the extension of the time for that company to
work upon this road. The State of Wisconsin
is tired of that company. But this is a prop-
osition to allow to the State further time, and
the State proposes to employ another com-
pany to execute the trust. Because one com-
pany has not acted diligently it does not fol-
low that another company will not. The very
companies who havebeenremonstratingagainst
extending the time to the old company now ask
of Congress the extension of this time to the
State ; and that memorial, to which not a sin-
gle name was appended, was got up, if it ever
was got up for this purpose, at a time when I
myself was protesting against prolonging the jj
time to build this road. I have only to say M
once more what I said yesterday, that every J
State that has ever asked for such an exten- |
sion has had it, and I hope Wisconsin will be ;
treated like the other States. 'i
Mr. MORRILL. I atn so much in the habit ;i
of agreeing to anything that the Senator from
Wisconsin says that I rise very reluctantly to
oppose this proposition. It does seem to" me
that the States that once get a taste of railroad
grants never lose the appetite. Perhaps I
ought to except Minnesota. I believe my
friend from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] has got
so gorged with them that he does not expect
to call for anything more. [Laughter.] But,!
Mr. President, this grant is an old, stale affair J
of 1856, which has been once extended in 180-1 i
with no prospect of a railroad being built, and
now the proposition to me seems to be nothing ;
more than this: whether the Government of
the United States will donate so many acre? of I
land to Wisconsin. That is the entire naked :
question, whether we will give to this State so 1
many acres of land and let them dispose of it
as tfiev see fit. I do think, considoring the .
conflicting claims presented here in relation to
this matter, that it is eminently a question
which ought to be investigated "by the Com- ;
mittee on Public Lands. j
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to j
call his attention to the fact that this joint I
resolution requires that the company shall I
build twenty miles within eighteen months i
from ita date, and twenty miles the" year there- !
after. That is the condition upon which the J
extension is made. I
Mr. CAll PEN TER. I do not desire to '
detain the Senate more than a moment in
regard to lhis matter. It isaquestion in which
the people of that portion of our State feel a
deep interest. There has been heretofore a
corporation which had agranlof lands to build
this road, and the people of our Siate were as
dissatisfied with the management of that cor-
poration as the people of Pennsylvania and
New York can be. Nothing was done. But
the matter has recently been taken in hand by
our Legislature ; anew corapan; has been char-
tered. and it is now in the hands of men of
ability and capital, who are thoroughly resolved '
to complete this road. The Legislature of our :
State has sent a memorial here requesting
Congress to extend the grant for the benettt of i
this new company. and there is no doubt that i
| if this extension he made the toad will
pleted by this company. It is true that fhfere
has been one extension its 1804, btft it is to be
borne in mind that that was in the midst of ihe
war ; and another thing is to be borne in m ind
in regard to the effect of the war upon that
section of country. New York, Boston, Phil-
adelphia, and the other large centers of capital
and commerce were not affected by the war in
the same way that the agricultural districts of
the West were. The result of the war, itsdrain
upon our population and upon allourresdurces,
was such that from 1861 no railroad could be
built there, and Congress must not expect
impossibilities from the State of Wisconsin
any more than from any other part of the
world. I have no doubt that if this grant be
now extended for the benefit of the company
which has been chartered for this purpose the
road will be built; Snd it is certainly a subject
in which the people of our Stale feel a very
deep interest. So far as the capitalists of
Pennsylvania and New York have invested
money in Wisconsin they mast pro tanto be
represented by the delegation from Wisconsin,
and we speak and assume to speak for the
people of that State in asking this renewal of
the grant for the purpose of having the road
completed.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mr. President, among
the facts which have been stated to me in ref-
erence to this matter is one referred to by the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin who first
addressed the Senate, [Mr. Howe,] and it re-
lates to a division of sentiment which until
recently existed in Wisconsin among those
active in regard to this matter. I do not know
personally anything about it, and speak merely
from information which I derived from per-
sons with whom I have conversed and persons
from whom I have received letters on the sub-
ject. 1 understand that the activity of this
scheme, the substance of it-, is represented by-
two residents of Canada, whose names I have
on a memorandum before me, and that, while
represented by them exclusively, the division
of sentiment spoken of in Wisconsin did exist
and continue; that recently the matter has
been so far modified that interests in Wiscon-
sin are allowed to enter in and share the pros-
pective benefits of this scheme. If this be
so in substance, it shows that this matter is
one of speculation: and if interests in W iscon-
sin have been reconciled in this way, 1 think
nothing ought to be taken from the alleged
unanimity among those interests which may
now exist.
It is very clear upon the facts, as I under-
stand them, that among people in Wisconsin
■who have no pecuniary interest in this scheme
a wide and well-grounded opposition to it
exists: and to show that I sent to the Secre-
tary yesterday the heading of a petition—taking
care to say that it was not a petition itself, but
the heading of a petition—which had been
inclosed to me with the statement that such
petitions, numerously signed, had been sent
some time ago and presented in the House of
Representatives. If the Senator had remarked
what I said it would hardly have been worth
while for him to call attention to the fact that
I sent up a petition without one name being
signed to it; because, as I said, it was the
heading of a petition cut off and sent to me
as the phrase and the substauee of a paper
which had been made a petition by receiving
numerous signatures and being transmitted to
the other House of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me td
say to him that 1 do not know of a man in
Wisconsin who now opposes the extension of
this grant.
Mr. CON'KLIXG. Weil. Mr. President, if
I had known that this bill were to be taken up
at this time, or if it should stand over now for
two or three days, until I can have the oppor-
tunity of hunting tip correspondence in my
own possession, unless it is lost (wbicb I have
no idea it is; I can convince the Senator that
there an? people' in Wisconsin, and people
