1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Senator to gay that, it wag the act of 18-36 which
he relied upou hi reference to the ten-mile
limit,
Mr. POMKROY. \V , sir.
Mr. CONKLING. And the act of 1864,
being the later, would prevail as against that.
Mr. POM El tOV. Yes; but the act of 1804
has the conterminous principle in it, and the
law of 18a(j has not.
Mr. CONKLING. So that the Senator's
idea, as I understand it, is that the act of '
18o<5 and the act of 18G4 would both apply, the (
later one not superseding the other. t
Mr. POMEROY. My idea is that the land
granted in each act would be controlled under
this resolution by the law winch granted the :
laud in both cases. I
Mr. COCKLING. So that there would be ■
one rule as to that beyond the ten-mile limit
and another rule inside. I first so understood j
the Senator, but I thought afterward I was j
mistaken. I submit that we ought at least to
understand what is the effect of what we are
voting for before this resolution is passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I think myself if there is
to be any new legislation we ought to apply
the conterminous principle ; but the committee
only revived the grant under existing law, just
as the law stood, without changing the law at
all. If it is the pleasure of the Senate to
cha nge the law, then the conterminous principle
should be applied, because no new land grant j
has gone through the committee nor gone :
through Congress that did not contain it siuce j
1 have been on the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is '
on the amendment of the Senator lrom New
York, and the Secretary will call the roll. _
Mr. CONKLING. Before the roll is called ■
I wish the honorable Senator from Iowa, who ;
is so familiar with these matters, would suggest ;
any modification that he tninks right to this !
amendment. I shall be very glad to conform j
to anything that he may propose. j
M r. HA RLAN. 1 suggest, as a modification ;
of the amendment proposed by the Senator !
from New York, to insert at the end of the j
resolution the following proviso:
And provided further. That patents shall not be j
granted to any l.uid except, that situated opposite to i
and conteriniiioaswiththecoinpleted sections of said j
road. j
Mr. POMEROY. That will cover the point. \
Mr. CONKLING. Now. t wish the honor- j
able Senator would tell us in what mode the
public authorities are to be advised of when
and how any section is completed ; what is
to be completed road, and what is to be the
mode of ascertaining its completion. We are
just now an ai'ing the consideration of a reso-
lution which has grown out of the fact that,
with commissions and all sorts of contrivances
to ascertain tiiat fact,, an endless controversy
exists as to how far a very noted railroad is
completed. Now, 1 want to know in this case,
without commissioners or anything else, the
mode by which the authorities are to arrive at
Mr. HARLAN". The law of 1856, as I
remember, provides that no patents shall be
issued except as the Governor of the State
shall certify to the completion of the several
sections of the road as a first class railroad.
The grant is made to the State, and the Gov-
ernor of the State must certify to the Secre-
tary of the Interior that the sections have
been completed from time to time as the law
provides, and on that certificate the patents
are is-ued for the lands.
Mr. CONKLING. And does the Senator
think, under this language as he proposes it.
that would be applicable?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 suppose it would be. I
suppose it would be controlled by the Secre-
taiv of the Interior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Iowa.
"Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Iowa
is much better instructed a,hout this subject
than I am, and I beg to modify ray amendment, j
or rather to accept his. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment j
to the amendment is accepted. The question j
now is on agreeing to the amendment as modi- !
fied. Are the yeas and navs still demanded? ■
Mr. HO WIS. No, sir. " j
The amendment was agreed to. !j
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I wish to know if
any Senator can tell us the act and the sectiou ij
of the act which willdefine any mode in which j
. the completion of this road is to be certified? ji
; My recollection of the act to which the Senator
i from Iowa refers is that taken in connection
! with this joint resolution it would have no "
'■ application to it whatever. On the contrary, it 1
: would be for anybody to insist before the Sec-
1 retary of the Interior that the road was com- 1
pleted so far, and if he could convince him of
it, satisfy bis discretion, the patents would
issue. I think we ought to fix that in some ||
mode. 11
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senator from >j
New York if he was going to fix it would he j
not as soon leave it to the Secretary of the ;
Interior as any one? There is where you say |
it is now. j
Mr. CONKLING. I should be willing to j
leave it to the Secretary of tne Interior if I j
provided him with some mode of ascertaining j
it; but if I merely subjected him to all the |
appliances, all the applications and beseech- j
ings which might he made in informal ways, I 1
should not be willing to leave it to any officer !
of the Government any more than I should be
willing to set a judge to try a case without any
rules of evidence or law by which he was to be
governed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thehourofhalf !
past one o'clock having arrived the unfinished
business is Again before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senater from Ne- !
braska yield still a few minutes?
Mr. THAYER. I can hardly consent to
that.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator sees the progress !
we have made in thirty minutes.
Mr. THAYER. 1 might be willing to cort- '
sent if we had any assurance of getting a j
vote. i
Mr. H0WTE. 1 think we can get a vote. I ;l
am sure the Senator from New York will not ;l
persist in this opposition for fifteen minutes h
longer; at least 1 thrnk I am.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ;
' from Wisconsin moves to extend the time ■.
i fifteen minutes, until a quarter to two o'clock. ■
i Mr. THAYER. With the urderslanding '
that we shall then proceed with the unfinished
;| business.
|i The motion was agreed to.
\ Mr. SCOTT. After what has occurred m
reference to this road, and what has been
developed in the debate. I think a further .
amendment ought to be made. I therefore j
offer the following as an additional section: j
And be it further resolved. That no sale of any .
lands granted, or of any tiinoer growing thereoo, j
shall bo made uutil after thirty miles of said railroad i
shall have been completed and in use. j
| Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose there is no j
objection to that. j
l[ The amendment was agreed to. I
,j The joint resolution was ordered to be
'| engrossed for a third reading, and was read !
'1 the third time. :
! Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and :
nays on the passage of the resolution.
J The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
i taken, resulted—yeas -5. nays 14 : as follows:
■1 YE 4.S—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Carpenter, Cas-
,-ertv, fhmdlcr. Drake, Fontou, Grimes. IlaH:>n,
Harris. Upward. lt->we. Kelto:-';:.. Morton. Norton,
!' Pratt, K.sm.sey, K'ee, .Siwyor, NoWit-ni, J>uainer,
Tipton, Trumbull, WiHey, :;nd WiUrusis
XAYS — M"~rs. B ov.ui.ov, I'linrwii, tVntslius.
1 T>ivis, Kutnund-*, Ilainhn. Momi!, X ■ - . R >l".,rtsoii,
yeiiar?,, Scott, Snerni:m. Mewarr. and V' -.ir!'or~~l1.
ALi~F.N 1'— Messrs. Aiitt.uny, IJoieiE.iu,_Backuig-
I ll I'll, C'O! (, j i ( (\| SO, l.'iir'.iftt, Cl .1 t'errv, iVs^omien,
Fowler, Gilbert, Hamilton, McCreerv, ilePonald.
,i Osboru, Pattwrton, Pomsroy. Pool. Boss. Saulsbury.
Spencer, Sprague, Thayer, Thai-man, Vitikere. Wil-
son. and ¥ates—27. ■ . . -
So the joint resolution was passed.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the unfinished
business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Nebraska to let as take up the adjournment
resolution and dispose of that this afternoon.
Mr. THAYER. I cannot give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nebraska that if the
resolution shall be taken up at a quarter to two
o'clock the order for the unfinished business
will operate.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we had better take
it up at once.
Mr. THAYER. What shall I understand
the Chair to say?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this resolution
should be taken up at a quarter to two the
unfinished business will by order of the Senate
be resumed.
Mr. THAYER. I have now given way twice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yon are not giving way,
because the bill will come up as unfinished
business at a quarter to two. There is no use
in struggling as to what shall come up before
that time. Let us do something in the raeaa
time.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the unfinished
business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
taken up for five minutes yet.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know but that
these resolutions about railroads, first one in
Wisconsin and then another wherever it ia—I
presume I am for it; I generally am—are the
most important of any of the subjects that are
before us; but something is certainly doe to
- the respect and courtesy that we owe to the
, House of Representatives,who have twice sent
■ us resolutions proposing to adjourn this ses-
: sion of Congress. Such questions i:> most
i bodies are understood to have something of
> the nature of privilege in them. We ought, as
a matter of courtesy and respect to the other
House, if for no other reason, to he willing to
consider in a respectful way and in some rea-
sonable time their proposition to adjourn the
two Houses; and in my judgment it is quite
desirable that they should be adjourned at a
very early day. It is the general expectation,
I think : and if we are to be influenced by such
arguments as are sometimes addressed to us
I will say that 1 believe the country desires us
to adjourn. I generally do not pay much
attention to that sort of argument, 1 confess;
but we certainly ought io act upon the ques-
tion. We ought to know for our own conven-
ience whether we are to stay here for an in-
definite length of time or are io go home. I
hope the Senate will not take up the resolution
of iqv friend from Nebraska at this moment,
but will take up the adjournment resolution.
Mr. THAYER. I did not understand the
Chair before as indicating that the unfinished
business could not be resumed till a quarter
before two o'clock. The fifteen minutes have
not expired. I therefore do not make th.e
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move to take ap
the adjournment resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to amend the phraseology of the amendment
offered by me to the bill just passed. I drew
it up hastily and omitted u clause that ought
to be in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asks-—-
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will take the whole
time, and 1 object.
Mr. HARLAN. It will take hut ©ne minute ;
is is merely to modify the phraseology.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the concurrent resolution relative
to the adjournment , ,, .
The motion * * agreed to ; and the Senate
