m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
The yeas and naye were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 24 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Brownlow, Casserly, Cole,
Davis, Drake. Kellogg, McOreery, McDonald. Nye,
Prat', Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Sprague, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thuruma, Vickers, "Warner, and Williams—21.
- NAYS—Metsrs. Abbott. Anthony,Carpenter,Couk-
liug, Oorbett, Edmunds, Gilbert, Grimes, Harlan,
BUnis, Howard, Howe. .Morrill, Patterson, Robert-
son, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer. Suuiner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boremau, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, (Jattell, Ohandlei, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry, les-
senden, Fowler, Hamilton,Hamlin, Morton, Norton,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Sauisbury, Scliuiz, Willey,
and Yates—21.
So the motion of Mr. Nye was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 6) for the protection of the
interests of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railway Company, and for other pur-
poses, is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and will be read.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr, HOWARD. The Committee on the
Pacific Railroad have bad this joint resolution
of the House under consideration at several
of their meetings, and have given it their best
attention. They have instructed me, as the
chairman, to offer an amendment as a substi-
tute for the whole resolution. I move to strike
out all after the resolving clause and in lieu
of the words stricken out to insert the fol-
lowing :
That the stockholders of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, at a meeting to be held the 30lh day
of Apiii, 18()9, at the city of Washington, with power
to adjourn liom day to day, shall elect a boaid of
directors tor the ensuing year; and said stockhold-
ers are hereby authorized to establish their general
office at such place in the United States as th^y may
select at said meeting: Provided, That the passage
of this resolution shall not confer any other right
upon said Union Pacific Railway Company than to
hotd such election, or be held in any manner to re-
linquish or waive any rights of the United States to
take advantage of any act or neglect of said Union
Pacific Runway Company heretotoredoneoromitted
whereby tfao rights ot the General Government have
been or may be prejudiced.
JSlc. '2. And be it j aft tier revolved, That the Presi-
dent ot the United States is hereby authorized to fix
the point ot junction of the Imion Paciiic railroad
rind the Central Paeilic railroad upon the general
joute already approved; and for that purpose he is
authorized, if be deems it expedient, to appoint a
buuid of eminent citizens, not exceeding five in
number, and wtio &ha!l not be interested in either
10ad, to examine and report upon the proper point
ol junction, and also as to (he condition of each of
said loads, and what sum or sums, it any, will be
i equired to complete eacu of said roads to the point
of juuctiou as a first-class railroad, in compliance
wim the several acts relating to said roads ; and the
expense ol such boaid, including an allowance of
ten dollars to each tor their services for each day
employed m such examination, to be pa-id equally
by said companies.
Sec. o. And be ii further resohed, That the Presi-
dent is heiehy authorized and required to withhold
irom each ol said companies an amount of subsidy
bonds authorized to be issued bytheUuited States
under said acts sufficient to becure the lull comple-
tion as a first-class road of all sections of sueti road
upon which bonds have already been issoed, or in
lieu of such bonds he may reeeive as such security
au equal amount of the fi> st mortgage bonds of such
company. And ii it shall appear to the President
tijar. the amount of subsidy bonds yet to he issued to
citutr of said companies is insufficient to insure the
tali completion ot such road, he may make a requi-
sition upon such compandor a sufficient amount of
bonds already issued to said company, or iu his dis-
cretion, of tbeii first mortgage bonds, to secure the
full completion of the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to sugge&t an
amendment to the second section. I will state
that the clauses of this amendment are sub-
stantially the same as that which I presented
y(;&ierday ; but in the Committee on the Pacific
1 tail road the words fc£ upon the general route'
already approved'1 were inserted. I am now
jnfoi med and I believe that these words may
possibly bear a construction that will restrain
the examination to One particular route. My
purpose was to make the examination broad
;uid open, no that it might apply to any route,
t move, therefore, instead of the vsord u ap-
proved to insert ''already adopted by said
companies;'7 so that the examination may
extend to aH the routes adopted by both com-
panies. The Senate will see that this is an
effort to prevent a controversy between the
Central Paciiic and Union Pacific roads as to
ike route and as to the point of junction. It
authorizes the President to fix the point of
junction, authorizes an examination to be had
by him upon the advice of five eminent men
who are to go upon the ground. The words
inserted I am afraid will bear a construction
that will limit the examination to the route
adopted by one company and now filed and
perhaps approved by the Secretary of the In-
terior. That, certainly, is not the purpose
of the Senate. The words would seem to be
res tn eti ve
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow the
Clerk to read it as it would be if amended
according to his suggestion ?
Mr. NYE. I wish to inquire whether this
report oTtbis committee is printed?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is.
Mr. NYE. Not all of it. I cannot find what
is going on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here it is printed.
Mr. NYE. Your "amendment is printed,
but the report is not printed as a whole.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. And there is a good deal
printing that is not reported. I have been
looking at various alternatives of it here. 1
cannot understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is nothing here
that is not printed except the word 1 want to
strike out. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the word "approved" and
inserting •'adopted by either of said compa-
nies."
Mr. STEW ART. That is not the report that
was agreed to iu committee. I do not think
any member of the Senate of the United States
understands what is before us I have been
trying to comprehend it, but I do not know
how the proposition now stands. It has come
in by piecemeal. It is on a half a dozen pieces
of paper, which have been presented here since
the committee has reported it back and asked
to be discharged. Since then amendments
have been coming in. It seems to me that
this is a subject of sufficient importance to get
a quorum of the committee to examine it. I
regard it as very grave and important legis-
lation. The whole bill should be examined,
and we should have it as an entirety, so that it
can be acted upon understandingly. I wish
to participate in the discussion of it before it
passes. I am not «ble to enter upon the dis-
cussion to-day. I think all the amendments
had better be proposed and printed and re-
ferred. and have a meeting of the committee
on Monday morning and take it up on an early
day. We certainly cannot complete it to-day;
that is out of the question. We had better go
into executive session, and let this matter go
over to Monday. 1 appeal to the chairman of
the committee that it is unfair to attempt to
press now such an important measure as this.
I have been sick for a week, and should not
have been here to-day but for the fear that this
and other matters ot legislation that it was the
general understanding would not be cailed up
at this session would be pressed.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKL1NG. Allow me to ask the
chairman one question before he proceeds.
W ill he inform us which of these papers is the
basis ot this action? I have here six different
propositions, each one of them marked ''Na.
G,"and I have beep lookingthrough them, and
I cannot comprehend which it is that we are
engaged upon.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inform the Senator
from New York what is thebasis of the amend-
ment which I have proposed. * That amend-
ment includes the whole of an amendment
which I offered and had printed on the 26th of
March last, and also a prin'ed amendment
which was laid upon our tables this mornm*,
offered by the honorable Senator from Ohm
on the 2d of April,andalsoamanuscriptclause
attached to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. All these papers are on the
tables of Senators and can be very readily ob-
tained, except the manuscript addition attached
to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
I -wish the Clerk would be good enough to read
again the farther amendment moved by the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hak-
i,an in the chair.) The reading of the amend-
ment to the amendment is called for. It will
be read.
Mr. NYE. If it is in order right here, I
move that these amendments be printed. It
is certainly due to the consideration of this
question that we should know what we are
discussing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER^ It is the
opinion of the Chair that that motion is not in
order at this time, as there isaquesiion pending.
Mr. HOWARD. This measure is one of
great importance both in respect to the inter-
ests of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and of the Central Pacific Railroai Company
of California. We ought to legislate upon the
subject before we adjourn ; there is pressing
necessity for it; and although I would not by
any means press the consideration of this
measare upon the attention of Senators when
they are not able or willing to proceed with it,
still I must say that I feel it my duty to call up
and urge on the Senate to proceed with the
consideration of this measure at the earliest
practicable moment. I shall be entirely willing,
under the circumstances, to have the amend-
ment which I have offered printed for the
information of Senators, and let the joint res-
olution go over until Monday, to be then taken
up as the unfinished business.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. Under the circumstances
I think, perhaps, that would be the better
course to take ; and if Senators will agree to
that I shall be quite content; but I wish it
understood at the same time, without any mis-
take, that I shall insist upon taking up this
measure on Monday as the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that would be
well. It is of vital importance to the interests
of the United States, as well as to the interests
of these two roads, that this measure should
be passed. I think myself, however, as the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] says he
is unable to speak on it now, it ought to go
over.
Mr. NYE. If it isof such vital importance,
I submit to the honorable Senator lrem Ohio
that it is important enough to have the prop-
osition printed, that we may know what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be wiser
to let itgo over until Monday as the unfinished
business, and I move, therefore, that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. HOWARD. And in the mean time let
the amendment be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Two motions
are made which are somewhat incongruous.
Mr. SHERMAN. I   ithd raw tiie motion tor
an executive session, and a=-k that an order be
made to print the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ■
hears no objection to that order, and it will be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. I would prefer myself that this subject
should go to the Judiciary Committee for in-
vestigation. That is tho proper committee.
This practice of Congress interfering to decide
judicial questions 1 ilimk is becoming a very
ierious ev:i. 1 here is a portion of the bill and
of the amendment that has been read that
trenches upon the appropriate jurisdiction of
the courts. So far as there are questions be-
tween rival contending railroad companies iti
this particular measure that ought to be decided
by the courts : Congress ought not to assume
jurisdiction of them.
Mr. HOWARD, if the honorable Senate!
will allow me, I can assure him that the amend-
ment which has been offered by the committee
ste«r  clear of the difficulty to which ho refers.
