1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
It does not assume to interfere with any pend-
ing litigation.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that this subject ought
to be referred to the Committee mi the Judi-
ciary. 'i'hev ought to report the proper legis-
lation that may b<j undertaken by Congress in
relation to this railroad and in relation to
every question connected with it. There are
sundiy questions of legislation and questions
of judicial decision involved in this bill. I
want, the two classes of subjects separated.
My desire is that Congress shall not act upon
any judicial question ; but so far as there are
proper legislative questions growing out of
the condition of that road about which Con-
gress may legislate, I think that legislation
ought to take place. Hut it seems to me that
this subject ought to be eviscerated by the
appropriate committee, the Committee on the
Judiciary. Let that committee have the charge
of the subject, examine it, and come in with
a deliberate report and recommendation to the
Senate as to the course of action that ought
to be adopted. I move that the subject be
retcrred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion for an execu-
tive session is pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
executive session*.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time speut in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 3, 1869.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
rr.ISTING FOR THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the resolution pending at the adjournment
of yesterday, repoited from the Committee on
Pnntii'g bv the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[.Mr. Cake.]
Mr. CAKE. I desire to modify the resolu-
tion by striking out the part relating to the
impeachment of Judge Busteed. 1 offered
this resolution because it will save to the Gov-
ernment some eight or ten thousand dollars.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent, as the pending question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from llhode
Island, [Mr. Jexckes.] to lay the resolution on
the Sable.
Mr. JENCKES. I will withdraw the motion
to allow the gentleman to modify his resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. LOUGH RIDGE. I object.
Mr. COBURN. Let the resolution be read
as it. now stands.
The ret-olution was read, as follows:
Ilexnlved, That Ilia orders heretofore eiyen to print
the aremmts of the Ticasurer of the United States,
the evidence taken bef.ire the investigating commit-
tees m relation to ihe impeachment of Judge lins-
leed, the Ala.^-ka case, and ihe overland mail < a:*e, be.
and tlicy are hereby, rescinded, the reports proper
only to be printed.
Mr. COBURN. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam] if
this resolution is reported from the Committee
on Printing?
Mr. CAlvC. Yes, sir: I have been directed
by the Committee on Printing to report this
resolution.
Mr. COBUIIX. Was this matter referred
to ihe Committee ou Printing?
Mr, CAKE. It was not; all the matter
went directly to she printing office from the
House. I he Committee on Printing is of
opinion that the reports in these cases supply
all thai is necessary. The evidence would
make h volume of eight hundred or one thou-
sand printed j>ages, and is mostly mere verb-
iage.
The SPEAKER. It has been suggested to
the Chair by several members, and such is the
recollection of the Journal clerk, that no order
was made by the House to print the testimony
taken in the Busteed case.
Mr. CAKE. The copy was sent to the
printing office, and would have been printed
but for this.
The SPEAKER. So far as relates to the
testimony in the Busteed case, the sending it
to the printing office was a mistake.
Mr. COBURN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his poinr of order.
Mr. COBURN. My point of order is that
the Committee on Printing have no right to
report upon a subject that has not been referred
to them.
TheSPEAKER. Thatpointof order would
have been a good one had it been made in time.
But the resolution has been received, and to
some extent considered. The point of order,
therefore, is taken too late.
Mr. PETERS. Iwish to say to the House,
and I have no doubt the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures [Mr. Cobcrx]
will agree with me, that the evidence in the
Alaska investigation ought to be printed.
Mr. COBURN. I say it ought to be printed.
Mr. PETERS. It ought to be printed for
three reasons, if not more. There was never
such a charge of corruption made against mem-
bers of Congress as the one which induced that
investigation, and there never was a charge that
fell more flatly to the ground. And the tes-
timony in the case ought to v,e printed as a
sample case to go before the country.
Another reason. Mr. Speaker, is that there
is in that investigation a great deal going to
show that the Russian Government, through
its eminent counsel. Mr. Walker, early took
the view for which this House has steadfastly
contended, that the Senate cannot by a treaty
commit the Government to an expenditure of
money without the concurrence of the House.
Mr. Walker's letter and testimony alone, in
view of their bearing upon this question, would
warrant the printing of not only the report but
the evidence, which would make a small public
document, for the Public Printer told me last
night that it would embrace only about one
hundred pages.
Another reason is that the country. I think, 1
ought to have in its printed volumes all the evi- .
dence that can ever be collated in relation to
that matter, as a monument of the folly of ever ;
having bought Alaska from the Russian Govern- :
ment. I think that this resolution was designed
principally to prevent the printing of the testi-
mony m the Busteed investigation, comprising
one thousand pages. But. as to the Alaska
testimony, which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Coburn] and myself with others sat for
more than twenty days in hearing and silting
and preparing, as the expense of printing it will
be slight, I hope that the House will not re-
scind the order for printing it, but will publish
and send it to the country.
As to the testimony in the Wells, Fargo &
. Co. investigation it is not, I think, of much
importance. It is filled with the lamentations
' of disappointed men who failed to get the coa-
; tract which fell into the hands of Wells, Fargo
■ A Co. The only party interested in the pub-
i lication of that testimony is the Post Office
| Department. The substantial facts have been
given to the public by the reporteis for the press.
Ill' the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
; Cake] will allow me. I will move to amend the
| resolution by striking out the word "Alaska:"
' so that the testimony in reference to the Alaska
' purchase may be printed.
I Mr. COBURN. I would like to say a word.
I Mr. CAK13. I 3 ield to the gentleman.
\ Mr. COBURN. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures in the last Con-
j gress, I had some connection with this Alaska
! investigation; and I believe that the Commit-
tee on Public Expenditures ia the present
Congress would have the same right "to go on
and reinvestigate this matter of the " Alaska
swindle" as it is called, and the Wells, Fargo
& Co. contract, that the Committee on Print-
ing has to make at this session a report upon
the printing of the evidence in those eases.
Those were matters belonging to the commit-
tees of the last Congress, and the committees
of this Congress have no business with them.
But be that as it may, I want to say in reference
to the Alaska matter that the report does not
set out specifically the evidence.
Mr. CAKE. The gentleman will allow me
to say that I have modified the resolution by
striking out the clause with reference to the
Alas)"* investigation, so that the evidence
taken in relation to that matter will be printed.
Mr COBURN. I concur in the main with
the remarks which have been made by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I rise
to a point of order. Objection was made to
the modification of the resolution, aQd the dis-
cussion has gone on with that objection still
pending. I submit that the resolution cannot
be modified while that objection is pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
that the objection was withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. No,
sir ; the gentleman who made the objection
did not withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enforce
the point of order. The only business in order
is to take the vote of the House upon the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table. The
House was dividing upon this question just
before the adjournment yesterday, and no
quorum had voted.
Mr. COBURN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Loughkidge] to withdraw his
objection. I desireoniya tew minutes to finish
my remarks.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman from
Iowa withdraw his objection?
Mr. L0UGHR1DGE. I do not: I insist
upon it.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted
upon the motion to lay the resolution ou the
table, the Chair appoints as tellers the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] and the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Cobtrx.] The
Chair will state, in order that the Hou<e may
understand the question, that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cake] proposes, if
the resolution should not be laid on the table,
to modify it by striking out all except that por-
tion in relation to printing the Treasury reports,
so that only the order for the printing of those
documents will be rescinded.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the gentleman pro-
poses to emasculate his resolution, we may as
well lay it on the table.
Mr. CAKE. Let me explain 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The tellers will take their places.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes il, noes 59.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. CAKE. I now modify the resolution
so as to read as follows :
Resolved, That (he order heretofore given to print
the aecouutsof the Treasuierot the Coked States
be, and the same is hereby, recemded, the report
proper only to be printed.
I merely wish to state again that the resolu-
tion from the Committee oil Printing was
offered simply in order to save eight or ten
thousand dollars for printing accounts which
are mere veibiage.
Mr. COBURN. Having, as I said, been
connected with this investigation, I desire to
explain the nature of this evidence.
The SPEAKER. That is entirely stricseo
out in the moditied resolution; thare is noth-
ing in it m relation to the Alaska investigation.
Mr. COBURN. Nor in relation to the
We!Is-Fargo matter?
The SPEAKER. Nothing.
