1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
may be a witness; but his neglect to testify
shall not be considered by the jury as evidence
against him.
The thin! section provides that in all courts
held under the authority of the United States
in the several States and Territories, and in the
District of Columbia, parties in civil actions
and proceedings, including probate and bank-
ruptcy proceedings, suits in equity, and divorce
suits—except those in which a divorce is sought
on the ground of alleged adultery of either
party—shall be admitted as competent wit-
nesses for themselves or any other party; and
in any such case, in which the wife is a party or
one of the parties, she and her husband shall !
be competent witnesses for and against each i
other, but they shall not be allowed to testify :
as to private conversations with each other;
provided that where one of the original par-
ties to the contract or cause of action in issue .
and on trial is dead, or is shown to the court >
to be insane, the other party shall not be ad- !
mitted to testify in his own favor unless the |
contract in issue was originally made with a i
person who is living and competent to testify, i
except as to such acts and contracts as have !
been done or made since the probate of the ]
will or the appointment of the administrator, j
The fourth section provides that the proviso j
in section three, chapter two hundred and ten, i
of the act approved July 2, 1854, and all acts ;
or parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions •
of this act, are hereby-repealed. :
Mr. DICKEY. I object to the consideration
of this bill at this time.
Mr. BUTLEI-t, of Massachusetts. Then I ,
call for the regular order. ;
i,kate of absence. >
Indefinite leave of absence was granted to ,
Mr. Stiles and to Mr. Haisbleton. |
papers withdrawn* ;
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, asked
and obtained leave to have withdrawn from
the files of the House the papers in the case of
Mrs. .lane H. Green, to be presented to the '
Senate.
Mr. SHELDON asked and obtained leave
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the petition and accompanying papers in the
case of £1. E. Wentworth and J. W. Davis. :
Mr DICKINSON asked and obtained leave !
to withdraw from the files of the House papers ,
in die case of Polly Finley and Joseph Stokely,
heirs of Nehemiah Stokely. for services ren-
dered and money furnished to the L nited States
during the revolutionary war.
JOINT RESOLUTION FIONF.D.
Mr. BEATTY. from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution of the following title;
Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (II. 11. No. 64) authorizing
the building of a railroad bridge over the Ohio
liver at Paducah, Kentucky.
message from tiib senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham.
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passt d. with Amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested, the bill of
the House No. 120, making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
j ear ending 30th June, 1870.
indian appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, the amendments
oi the Senate to the Indian appropriation bill
were ici'erred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. and ordered to be printed.
CON'l l:sTCD ELECTION II0GEYP. REF.P.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
utc'l it .-tiiTiony and other papers in the
^ed-olt-eiion ease of Hog-? vs. Reed,
pr.-
eon
contested election barnes vs. adams.
The SPEAKER, also, by unanimous consent,
presented depositions and exhibits in the con-
tested-election case of Barnes vs. Adams, from
the eight congressional district of Kentucky :
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
contested election—-cameron vs. p.oots.
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
presented depositions in the contested-elec-
tion case of Cameron vs. Roots, from the second
congressional district of Arkansas: which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
DEPREDATIONS UPON IN'DI iNS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication irom
the Secretary of the Interior, inclosing a letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in
relation to depredations committed upon the
Ottoeand Missourialndians, and the murder of
four of their people by white men, and recom-
mending an appropriation of $4,000; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
william pollard.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to transmit to this Hou-e a eopvot tbereport
and opinion of lion. Jubn A. Bolter, X.lvj.1 Judge
Advocate General, relating to rise ci^'iuf William 1
Pollard, late second assistant engineer in the United .
States Navy, submitted to the Seeretaiy of the Navy i
March 27, I860.
TOST ROUTE BILL. ;
I Mr. FARNSWOIIL'H. I ask unanimous
I consent to report from the Committee on the
; Post Office and Post lloads-a bill to establish
i certain post roads.
: Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I call
, for the regular order.
j Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman does
1 not object to a post route bill containing no
j legislation?
I Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
object to taking up time, causing us thereby to
lose the morning hour.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 move to reconsider the
votes by which bills. &c., have been referred
this morning ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
j Mr. DAWES. I rise to move that the House
i' resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the deficiency
appropriation bill, but beiore submitting that
when the ! motion I move that all general debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on this bill be limited to
ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union upon the deficiency appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. Cut i.na in the chair) upon the
bill (.11. R. No. 331) making appropriations
and to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the sen ice of the Government for the fiscal
vears ending June ^0, 1SG9, andJuneaO. ISiO,
and for other purposes.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, this bill is
for the purpose of making appropriations to
supply deficiencies in the present iiseat year,
with one or two small exceptions, which are
for deficiencies in appropriations tor the next
:i
  fur the seat from the third congre , . . _
sional dir-tric! of South Carolina-, which were j fiscal year, commencing on the 1st ot Jnlv next,
referred to the Committee of Elections. il The whole amount of the appropriations called
for in this bill is only $2,563',951 92. The
principal part of this sum is embraced in a
: single item of $2,000,000, which will be«ex-
plained to the House when it shall be reached.
With that exception the committee find, upon
reviewing the work of the last Congress and
in providing for such contingencies as are ab-
solutely necessary to be provided for in view
of a change of Administration, that the appro-
■ priations required to supply deficiencies in the
: appropriations made by the last Congress
amount to about half a million dollars. They
do not, in even that appropriation, design to
depaitfrom the rigid rule ot ecouomy inau-
gurated in the la^t Congress, or reverse to any
extent the work there begun. But we have
found in several particulars that the desire for
economy m that Congress led it to fall short
' of sufficient appropriations for the absolute
, necessities of the Government, in a few partic-
, ulars, for deficiencies for this year. With slight
j exceptions they have refused to depart from
; that rule. They are disposed to inaugurate in
! the coming fiscal yea.r the plan of ecouomy
1 which was begun in the last Congress, and to
; insist, certainly at the outset, upon holding
I the several Departments of the Government to
, a strict conformity to these appropriations,
i And, indeed, so far as they apply to the present
i fiscal year, they have refused to report appro-
j priations where there has been an apparent
j disregard—if there has been any such pur-
; pose—of the attempt on the pari of Congress
to curtail expenses.
i But, Mr. Chairman, the difficulty encoun-
tered by the committee must be encountered
from session to session, as to any new oiga-iiz-
i ation of the several Departments, until Con-
gress can find time to examine and adopt the
plan of reorganization of the Treasury Depstrt-
i, mentwhichhas been submitted time and again,
j or something similar to it having ior its object
more order and system, and consequently the
i; reduction of force and less waste of power
i| than is now found under the present system,
ji With the best intentions the committee have
little hope that to any great extent there can be
any reduction of expenses m that or the other
Departments, and they feel like urging upou
Congress in the name of economy as well as
j in that of efficiency the necessity of a thorough
i and efficient reorganization of each of t.iem.
placing them upon a new basis with a more
distinct division of the duties of the several
offices, which duties shall be more accurately
| denned and more rigidly adhered to.
j There has been a large expenditure for one
; bureau and a deficiency m another. A habit
; has been of employing men who were really
; to do the work of one bureau while they were
j quartered upon another, and in some of them
i there has been found upon the pay-roil a large.
! list of names of persons, utter strangers to the
, head of the bureau, who knew not where they
were or what their work was, but only that at
! the end of each month they came for their pay.
| Examination has disclosed the fact that such
| have been the necessities of the different De-
! partments that work has been performed by
| the employment of men in one Department \\ ho
. were paid in another. The committee leartieo
; from the Department that there seemed to have
! been, however irregular, improper, and liable
j to abuse such a process may be. an absolute
| necessity in the present disorganized—it I nm\
I use the word—condition of the Department, for
j a resort to some sueh means in order to earn
! on some of the operations in the Department.
' The committee, so far as they have bee1! an i
i with the help of officials and with the informa-
; tion furnished, have so disposed these appr<.
priations among the seveial bureaus that thei
' will be little or no necessity of resorting
; sueh a rule. They have also required i'-
Departments to send anew their estimates inoi 3
in detail, so that there shall be as little as pos-
sible of the aggregating of various purposes ie
! one appropriation, so as not to leave it vvniiin
tli£ poftvr oi any 000 to fttltl tinder
this general name in one branch, to the
