L869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
these appropriations may be made hereafter
in detail the lust Congress enacted a&follows:
"Provided, That the Commissioner of Internal Bev-
cnue shall make a detailed report to Congress of the
expenditure of this appropriation at thenext Decem-
ber session, to whom paid, horsr much to each, and
for what purpose, giving the items of cach payment
and the number of employes. And hereafter the
said Commissioner shall estimate in detail, by collec-
tion districts, the expenses of assessing and the
expenses of the collection of internal revenue."
Until then we must get along and grope our
way as well as we may, availing ourselves, it
is true, of such light as may break in upon us
unexpectedly and from unexpected quarters.
Although it may be that the very brilliancy of
the light may add to the intensity of the dark-
ness with which we are surrounded, we will
grope our way as well as we may and get along
as we best can until the Commissioner shall
give us all these details. I hope our friends will
then be able to see that this sum of $2,000,000
has all been properly expended, and that none
of it has gone into the pockets of unworthy
officials.
That I may have upon the record the rea-
sons for this appropriation, I ask the Clerk to
read a communication on the subject from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Office op Internal Revenue,
Washington, March 13,1869.
Gentlemen : I have the honor to submit herewith
a statement showing the amount of the general ap-
propriation for assessing and collecting internal rev-
enue on hand July 1,1863: also the appropriation for
the present fiscal year and expenditures to IV] arch 1,
1869. and to request an additional appropriation of
$2,000,000 to meet the expenses of assessing and col-
lecting to June 30,1869:
Balanceon hand of general appropriation for assess-
ing and collecting, July 1,1868   '5182,173 62
Appropriation  6,000,000 00
6,182,173 62
Expenditures from July 1,1868, to Febru-
ary 28,1869  4,678,506 12
Balancc on hand March 1.1869 $1,503,667 50
I am informed that this subject was brought by
Hon. E. A. lioltins before the Committee on Appro-
priations during the last session of Congress, who
acknowledged the necessity of making the said ap-
propriation, but on account of the illness of the
chairman of said committee, Hon. ID.B. Washburne,
they failed to bring the matter before Congress for
action.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO,
Commissioner,
To the honorable Committee on Appropriations,
House of Representatives, Washington, D. G.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " $2,000,000" and in-
serting "$1,500,000."
Mr. Chairman, all I have to say on this sub-
ject is that the report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue and the facts brought out
by the gentleman from Massachusetts fully
substantiate what I have said, that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Fortieth Con-
gress ought to have foreseen the necessity for
this appropriation. I have no doubt that the
appropriation is necessary ; but what I ask is
that hereafter the Committee on Appropria-
tions shall let us know at the start what is
needed. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For detecting and bunging to trial and punish-
ment persons guilty of violating the internal revenue
laws or conniving at the same, in cases where such
expenses are not otherwise provided for by lair,
$50,000.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend by inserting
after the paragraph just read the following :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase
of Little, Brown k Co. two thousand copies of the
fittep.nth volume of the United States Statutes-at-
Large for distribution, agreeably to the acts of Con-
gress directing the distribution of the other volumes,
ยง7,000.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Cook] that this provision
will come in more properly under the head of
" miscellaneous.''
Mr. COOK. Very well; I withdraw the
amendment for (he present.
Air WHEELER. J move to amend by
inserting after the paragraph last read the fol-
lowing :
For the completion of the cusfcom-houseat Ogdens-
burg, New York, 537,500.
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the desire of the
Committee on Appropriations to .bring these
appropriations within all reasonable limits;
and I would not ask a solitary dollar for this
object if I did not believe the appropriation
for completing this work to be absolutely neces-
sary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order,
that the amendment proposes independent
legislation, not designed to carry out any ex-
isting work, and is therefore not in order as
an amendment to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The Chair understands
that this proposition is to carry out legislation
already enacted.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Chairman, my in-
formation frojn the Treasury Department, and
also that derived from personal inspection of
the building to which this amendment refers,
enables me to say that with this appropriation,
the building can be completed by midsummer.
The Government is now paying at Ogdensburg
$1,400 as rent. The lease of the buildings
used for the custom-house and post office at
that place will expire on the 1st of May next,
and cannot be renewed at existing rates. I
think I am authorized to say that this with
several other appropriations for similar pur-
poses was recommended to the Committee on
Appropriations by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ; and if I can extort any admission from the
chairman of that committee he will, I think,
admit that this work is the most meritorious
of all those to which the attention of the com-
mittee was called.
Now, although this House is desirous to re-
trench in every justifiable case, I hope it is not
going to practice any penny-wise and pound-
foolish economy.
Mr. DAWES. For this particular appro-
priation the Department asked $25,000, and
there was appropriated by the last Congress
$12,500. The gentleman from New York now
asks for $7,500 more. I have no hesitation in
admitting, as the gentleman seems desirous I
should do so, that of the several appropriations
for the carrying on of public works recom-
mended by the Department the committee
thought this was fully as good if not a little
better than any of them, and they did not pass
adversely upon them from any special opposi-
tion to this, but for the reason that they were
unwilling at this session to embark in that kind
of appropriations for carrying on public works
beyond what had been already appropriated
by the former Congress. After careful ex-
amination of the whole subject the committee
considered that they were acting only in an
emergency to supply the absolute necessities.
They knew that if they yielded to allow an ap-
propriation in this one instance it would open
the door for the appropriation of millions of
dollars for carrying on public works, and that
each gentleman would be able to satisfy him-
self and would hope to satisfy the House also
that his was the most meritorious of all these
cases. Now, I admit, if we were not under a
stress to out down to the lowest figure the ex-
penditures of the Government consistent with
efficiency, it would be wise to appropriate for
the carrying on of these public works, and first
those that could be finished like that proposed
by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WELKER. I suggest to the gentleman
to state that in the last session of the Fortieth
Congress there was a general apportionment
of these appropriations for different improve-
ments of the nature of this one, and that the
House allowed for this one its share in propor-
tion to the appropriations made for other build-
ings of a like character.
Mr. DAWES. That is what I meant by
stating that, the committee did not desire to go
over the work of the last session, which was
the result of a careful examination of the whole
subject Upon an estimate of $26,000 for this
improvement, $-12,500 was granted, which was
just fifty per cent, of the estimate, the same
as was allowed in other similar cases. Now,
while I do not wish to say anything against the
merits of this particular case, I base the oppo-
sition of the committee upon the grounds I
have stated.
The amendment of Mr. Wheeler was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I now move to amend
by inserting " $0,000."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows ;
House of Representatives:
For compensation of the document file clerk, au-
thorized by resolution of February 28,1868, the sum
oi $600.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by adding
after the paragraph just read the following :
That the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of March 3,1857, giving Daniel Buck compen-
sation for preparing list of appropriations, <&c.. is
herebv extended to his successor in office, and that
therobe appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated such sum as may be
necessary to oarry out the provision.? of said reso-
lution.
Mr. WELKER. I make the point of order
that this is new legislation.
Mr. PETERS. It is not; it is only a con-
tinuation of the salary to the successor.
Mr. WELKER. There is no provision by
law for the continuation of the salary, and the
gentleman proposes to do it by an amendment
to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. PETERS. I believe if the Committee
on Appropriations and members of the House
understand this amendment they will make no
opposition to it. In 1857, by a joint, resolu-
tion, a small sum was appropriated to pay the
file clerk for certain specific duties, and a man
by the name of Daniel Buck received the com-
pensation for about fifteen years. His sue
cessor is the present gentlemanly Mr. Fine-It,
whom every member may have seen at his desk
in the clerk-room. Now, had the joint reso-
lution been worded that the compensation
should be paid to Mr. Buck or his successor,
or that it should be paid to an officer of that
description, there would have been no need of
this provision. But the Committee on Ac-
counts, following the language of the resolu-
tion, decided that the pay was intended for Mr.
Buck, as file clerk, and that they were not
authorized without further action by the House
to give it to his successor in the same office
who performs the same duties. I believe the
additional compensation is between two and
three hundred dollars a year. Application for
this has been made before the Committee on
Appropriations, and, if it is not improper to
state it, I believe the committee were unwill-
ing to report it because the matter had not
been referred to them, but I understand that
they will make no opposition to this amend-
ment. If I understand it, and 'the House
understands it as I do, I think there can be no
objection to it.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to inquire if Mr
Buck is still in the place?
Mr. PETERS. He received this compen-
sation until he resigned, and Mr. Finch is his
successor.
Mr. WELKER. When did he resign?
Mr. PETERS. A year ago or more.
Mr. DAWES. About three years ago.
Mr. PETERS. Was it so long ago as that ?
I was not aware of the fact. The question may
be put, "Why has not Mr. Finch asked for
this before?" Any one who knows him and
knows how modest he is, knows that he is the
last man who would ask the House for am -
thing. But he has asked for this.
Mr. WELKER. How much did the gentle-
man say it amounts to? ,
Mr PETEKS. I do not know, but it was
paid for fifteen years to his predecessor
Mr AftNELL. I find on page 3 of the bi.l
an appropriation of $600 for compensation ot
