484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
the " document file clerk," and on page 5
another appropriation of $1,800 for the same
officer.
Mr. PPJTERS. That is for another man
down in the folding room. This compensation
has been allowed for years past to Mr. Buck,
but under the peculiar phraseology of the law
it cannot be paid to his successor. This amend-
ment is really just and right, and I appeal to
ihe chairman of the Committee on Appiopria-
tious if he does not take that view of it.
Mr. DAWES. I will simply state to the
House that this man has performed these ser-
vices for two or three years without any com-
pensation, not knowing until after he had per-
formed them for one year at least that the law
provided that the compensation must be paid
to Daniel Buck. He could not get the pay,
but he went on and performed the work, and
I think he has performed it for two years with-
out any pay. If it was right to pay it at all
originally it should be paid to him.
Mr. LA WHENCE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of saying a word or two against
the amendment. I am against all this class of
legislation, and against the adoption of amend-
ments of this kind. The amount of it is simply
this: here is a gentleman who has performed
services for a compensation fixed by law which
he perfectly well understood, and now after
the services are performed he comes in and
asks an additional compensation. If we open
up the way for this species of legislation it
seems to me there will be no end to it. I see
no justice in it. I undertake to say that there
ai-e ten applicants for these places where there
is one that can get them, and when there is no
difficulty in getting these services rendered for
the pay prescribed by law, we ought not, in
justice to the people, to increase their burdens
by adding an increased expense where it is
wholly unnecessary.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to say a word in
opposition to the amendment to the amend-
ment. It is admitted that this is a worthy
officer, and it is known that the duties he
fulfills are important. His predecessor had
been paid for fifteen years at the old prices,
"when a tnan could live on less compensation
than he can now. I would not present the
amendment to the House if I had not perfect
faith and belief that he ought to receive this
compensation. You have heard the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, and I
appeal to you to adopt the amendment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tlte question was taken on Mr. Peters's
amendment; and there were—ayes 44, noes 20;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Lawrence were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-nine, noes not counted.
■So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For additional compensation to the reading
clerks, as provided by act of March 3,1869, the sum
of S2.833 92.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment,, to come in immediately after that
paragraph:
. And alio a sumsufficient to fix the pay of the clerk
m charge of the engrossment and enrollment of the
House bills and joint resolutions at the same rate as
that ot the reading clerks, covering the same period
of their increased pay.
J 'lave only to say to the Committee of the
Whole that the enrolling and engrossing clerk
performs as much duty as any of the clerks
provided for in this clause of the bill. And if
the provision reported by the Committee on
Appropriations is just, then for the same rea-
son the amendment I have offered is just, and
I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. If the Committee on Appro-
priations could be quite certain that this mat-
ter would stop here they would offer no par-
ticular opposition to this amendment; but the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bi.ygh.oi] must see
at once that such will not be the case, There
are all around this Hall gentlemen now busily
engaged in writing amendments; and if the
Committee of the Whole consent to go on and
raise the salaries of the clerks of this House
there will be no end to the attempts on the
part of members-to do so. I know the worthy
clerk referred to in this amendment, how long
he has served here, and how faithfully, and
how poor his pay has been. But representing
the Committee on Appropriations as I do, I
feel it to be my duty to oppose the amendment
raising his salary.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt the gen-
■ tleman is representing the views of his com-
mittee. But it must be known to members
that this enrolling and engrossing clerk per-
forms as much serviee as either of the clerks
provided for in this provision of the bill.
Therefore if the proposition made by the com-
mittee is right at all, then the additional appro-
priation proposed by my amendment must be
right-for the same reason ; that is to say, if the
compensation is to be measured by the import-
ance of the services actually rendered. I re-
peat again that your enrolling and engrossing
clerk renders services quite equal to those per-
formed by your reading clerk, and there is no
reason why he should not be put upon the same
footing so far as his pay is concerned.
Mr. DAW ES. We cannot stop this thing if
we allow it once to commence. While this
man is as worthy as any that can be selected it
is only in the way 1 have indicated that we can
stop this attempt to increase the compensation
of our employes. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] had presented a case where we
could have made a better argument against the
man and his office we would have had more
reason to hope that we could resist all these
applications. It is by selecting one or two
worthy men like this one and breaking down
the rule in theirfavor that the rule is rendered
of no avail; and a rule that cannot be sus-
tained against attempts like these is worthless.
Mr. WELKER. I would ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] if he
did not vote for the amendment offered a short
time since by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] increasing the compensation of the
file clerk ?
Mr. DAWES. Not at all; that amendment
was to pay for past services.
Mr. WELKER. Did not the gentleman
vote for that amendment?
Mr. DAWES. I most certainly did, for I
am not in the habit of taking a man's services
without compensation.
Mr. BINGHAM. And the services we
received m this case are quite as good.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment of Mr. Bingham ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 38, noes 33 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Bixgham were appointed.
The Com mittee of the Whole again divided;
and the tellers reported that there were—ayes
53, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend this bill
by inserting after the amendment just adopted
the following:
To pay the salary of an assistant Journal clerk
which the Clerk of the House is authorized to em-
ploy, at a salary of SI,800 a year, from the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress, $1,800.
I ask the Clerk to read-, for the information
of the Committee of the Whole, the letter
which I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office House Representatives,
April 1, 1869.
Dear Sik: In view of the largely increased duties
of my position as Journal clerk, I feel that it is not
an unreasonable request to ask that an additional
clerk be appointed to aid upon the Journal. Should
my suggestion meet your approbation I will feel
obliged to you if you will recommend the same to
the House.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient, servant
„ T „ _ „ , JOHN M. BARCLAY.
Hon. J. g. Blaine, Speaker.
Respectfully referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations. I have no hesitation in stating that Mr.
Barclay's duties ;ue far more onerous than one man
should be asked to perform. The duty of keeping
the Journal during the sessions of tho House is as
much as any man should be required to do, and it is
only reasonable and proper that Mr. Barclay should
be relieved from the duty of copying the Journal. I
respectfully recommend that the assistant be allowed
him.
J. G. BLAINE.
Mr.' KELSEY. Those who have listened
to the reading of that letter will, it seems to
me, be satisfied of the propriety and justice of
making this appropriation.
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Chairman, in refer-
ence to this amendment I wish to say that I
have no doubt at all that this particular clerk
ought to have somebody to help him ; but I
do protest against any increase in the number
of employes about the House of Representa-
tives. Iu 1860, when all the States were rep-
resented in Congress, the whole number of
men employed in this House was twenty-four.
At the present time, according to a report
which I saw not long since, there are employed
about the House of Representatives about
sixty men. I would like to know what is the
necessity for this increase.
There are no doubt several gentlemen now
employed as clerks who might advantageously
be detailed to aid the Journal clerk in the dis-
cbarge of his duties. 1 know that our Journal
clerk is as competent and faithful an officer as
any belonging to this House, and I would be
glad if some arrangement should be made by
which some of the men connected with this
House who have nothing to do should be de-
tailed to aid the Journal clerk in the discharge
of his duties.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. This
application of the Journal clerk for an assist-
ant was investigated by the Committee on Ap-
propriations. They were satisfied that he needs
an assistant; that he is performing the work
which in the Senate is perfonned by three
men ; that in point of fact his duty in this
House during the hours of its sessions is all
that he ought to be required to perforin. But
while the committee were satisfied that he
needs an assistant they were also of opinion
that there is force enough in the Clerk's office,
if properly distributed, to give him all the
assistance he requires ; and upon inquiry of
the Clerk they were enabled to obtain from
him the detail necessary to give the required
assistance for the present session.
The purpose of this proposition is to create
this office of assistant to begin with the com-
mencement of the next session. The commit-
tee, however, have seen no evidence that it is
not perfectly feasible for the Clerk to continue
during the next session the detail which has
already been made, for the purpose of render-
ing this assistance absolutely needed by tha
Journal cleik. They are of opinion that there
is in the Clerk's office a considerable force
which, if properly distributed, might relieve
him. They may be mistaken about that; but
they must, on the ground 1 have stated, oppose
the adoption of this amendment at this time.
If it should be found, at the commencement
of the next session, that a detail for this ser-
vice cannot be made from the existing force
it will be time enough then to establish this
office. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
On the amendment of Mr. Kelsey there
were—ayes 26, noes 34; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelsey and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 move to amend by
inserting after line fifty-one the following :
To supply deficiencies for the compensation of the
Assistant Librarian of the House, Irom March 4,
1869, to July 1,1869, $223 20.
I understand that the existing law contem-
plates the payment of this salary, but the ap-
propriation made was not sufficient to cover
the period named in the amendment.
