1869. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48o
*■ Mr, DAWES. I will state to the House the
exact position of this matter. The appropria-
tion for the salary of this officer expired on
th'e 4th of March last. An appropriation for
his salary for the next, fiscal .year, beginning
on the 1st of July next, way mseiled in the
legislative appropriation bill, bat it will be
observed that, there has been no appropriation
for the period between the 4th of March last
and the beginning of the next fiscal year.
Mr, MAYNAUD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether this is our efficient colored
mart ?
Mr. GARFIELD. No, sir; it is the Assist-
ant Librarian, who has charge of the Hall
Library adjoining this room.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed, and read as follows :
For carta*©, $5,500.
For riiigcellaneoas items, $20,000.
"Mr. DA\VES. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in at this point;
For the purpose of defraying the expenses of the
joint Committee on Retrenchment, the bum of $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes forty-
four, noes not counted.
Mr. WELKER. 1 move to strike out the
item •" for miscellaneous items, 820,000," with
a view of asking the chairman of the committee
what it is proposed this shall be expended for.
Mr. DAWES. 1 send to the Clerk's desk a
letter on this subject to be read.
TJie Clerk read as follows:
r . Clerk's Office
House of Rbfresentativks, United States,
WasnjNGTON.D. C., March 25,1869. ■
SiR: 'There will be required to bo appropriated for
the service of the present and the aext fiscal year the
following.sums, namely;
For compensation of the document file clerk, au-
thorized by resolution of the House of Represent-
atives of Febiuary 28,18(58, the sum of #2,400.
For compensation to the two reading clerks pro-
vided by tno act of March 3,1869. thehumof $2,833 92.
For pases and temporary mail boys, $6,400.
ior eartagre, $5,500.
FprxQiscGJlaueuus items, $20,000.
lue first two items are to meetthedemand created
in one instance by a resolution of the House, and in
the other by an not of Congress.
The deficiencies indicated by the third, fourth, and
fifth items are explained by the accompanying let-
teis of the Dooi keeper. Postmaster, and Serge«nt-
at-Arms, to whose offices thoy chiefly ro'er. Betides
the sums alluded to by the Scrge&nt-at-Arms a de-
ficiency has been created in the miscellaneous item
by recent allowances of the Ilouso to contestants, by
expenses Of investigations, and other like objects.
It is believed that tue $20,000 asked for will meet all
j>rob«iMe demands upon this fund up to the 30th of
June next.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant;
EDWARD McPHERSON",
Cleric of the House of /tepresentatives*
Hon'. H. L. iUwus, Chairman, <&c.,
Mr. WEAKER. I ask the chairman of the
committee Whether the committee looked into
these items of deficiency, or whether they
reported these appropriations upon that letter
of the Clerk without any investigation at all ?
Mr. DAWES. They called the Clerk before
them and examined him until they were satis-
tied that it was a proper appropriation. And
perhaps I may as well state to the House at
this time,one great cause of these large appro-
priations- for the contingent fund of the House.
J have before me the amount of money paid to
contestants and to men to whom seats have
been refused since I have been a member of
the House. The total amount is $173,595 79.
01 this $103,942 94 has been paid to contestants
who-never, had any seat at all, and $69,652 85
to persons who came into the House but who
it wag decided by the. House had no right to
sit here. 1 have the expenditures in detail,
and perhaps it Uwett enough that so much
should go upon the record.
Mr. .VVEUCBR. Howlong a time does this
amount-cover-?   4 • •
Mr.,XXA..WhS. The last twelve .years. It
bus bf'eu increasing-from yeaj? to year, and has
been greater for the past Gorigress than for any
other. 1 have.invoked the aid of tfee law-mak-
ing power ,to put a stop to $|is. If the gentle-
man desires to know what has been p$tid in the
last:Qongress. f will give himahe items'andlet
him ngure tixem up.
Mr. WELICER. I do not care about that.
AH I want to know is the necessity of placing
$20,000 in the hands of the Clerk for miscel-
laneous purposes.
Mr. DAWES. It grows out of the necessity
of replenishing the fund which has been drawn
upon so laigely from different sources, and
particularly from that which I have mentioned.
Mr. WELKER. Those expenditures of
money are taken, I understand, from the mis-
cellaneous appropriation fund.
Mr. DAWES. From what is called tech-
nically the contingent fund.
Mr. WELKER. Twithdrawtheamendment.
Mr, PAINE, I renew it, for the purpose of
calling the attention of the House to the bill
which the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations has introduced and caused to be
referred to the Committee of Elections, pro-
viding for a diminution in the future of this
great outlay for contested election cases. His
bill provides for an entire change of the system
to be observed by this House in compensating
persons who seek seats here without any rea-
sonable ground for success; and I wish the
House to bear in mind the statement he has
made respecting the immense cost to the Gov-
ernment of these contested-election cases, and
to lemember it until the bill comes before the
House early in the next week, in order that
they may give to his statement the weight which
it shall be entitled to when we come to act upon
that bill. 1 withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Miscellaneous:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay G.
G. Cuslnpan, iu accordance with the act of Decem-
ber 15, the balance found, duo him by the Fifth
Auditor of the Treasury, $943.
Mr. HOLMAN. i submit that this is not a
legitimate subject for this bill. It is, in fact, an
appropriation not made in accordance with any
law. 1 send to the Clerk's desk the law under
which this appropriation is sought to be made,
aud ask that it may be read.,
The Clerk read as follows:
"An act to authorize the Secretary of State to adjust
tho claim ot Gustavus G. Cushman lor office rent
while comoiUsiouer under the reciprocity treaty,
"i/e it enacted by the Senate and Iloune of Representa-
tives of the United Statcnof America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of State is hereby author-
ized to reopen and adjust tho accounts ot Gustavus
G. Cushman, late commi-sioner of fisheries under the
late reciprocity treaty with Great Britain, so far as
relates to a claim lor office rent, upon thosamo basis
«s allowed to all the successois ut said Cushman in
said office.
"Approved, December 15,1868."
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the point of
order. This is a mere private claim.
The^ CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The paragraph refers to
the act of Congress under which this appro-
priation is made.
Mr. DAWES. I send up to the Clerk's
desk, and ask to have read, a letter from the
Fifth Auditor, which explains the matter.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
I1 iftii Auditor's Office, March 23,1869.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that I have
examined tho accounts of Gustavus G. Cushman, late
commissioner of fisheries under the late reciprocity
treaty wnuGreat Britain, so lar as relates to a claim
foromcorentupon thosamo basis.ts allowed to all tbe
successors of said Cushman m said office, as required
under the act of Congress of December 15,186S, and I
find due Mr. Cushman the sum of $948, a statement
of which the Secretary of State has approved. The
appropriation, or tho balance thereof for carrying*
into effeet said treaty,has been covered into the sur-
plus tund, and there remains no appropriation out
or which this Department can pay the claim.
iAespeetfully, yours,
C. M. WALKER, Auditor.
Hon. T. J, D. Fih.lkr, Attorney of Q. Q, Cushman,
Mr. DAWES. The last Congress provided
by law for an appropriation of this sum, and
there was a fund out of which it could have
been paid, but the fund had been covered
into the Ireasury, and therefore an appropri-
ation is necessary to take so much out of the
.treasury.
message from the president.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Umou rose informally; and Mr. Peters
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
a message from the President ot the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, announced that (he Pi evident hud
approved and signed a bill aud joint resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 237) to abolish the office
of chief of staff to the General of the Army;
and
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 65) to facilitate
the construction, of the custom-house at Ban-
gor, Maine.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed the consideration
of the
DEFICIENCY APPltOPIilATION BILL.
Mr. HOLMAN. The suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
that the fund out of which this claim could
have been paid has been covered into the
Treasury is, of course, inaccurate, if in fact an
appropriation ever was made out of which this
money could have been paid. There were
payments of this kind made to the successors
of this officer. This is merely an ordinary
private claim against the Government., and
entitled to the same consideration as a million
others equally meritorious. It is not legiti-
mate and proper that a mere private claim
against the Government should be ingrafted
upon an appropriation bill. The purpose of
an appropriation bill is to appropriate money
to be expended upon public objects, and not
for the liquidation of private claims.
Mr. PK I'ERS. I dislike to present myself
before the House again to-day, but I wish to
say that in last December there was passed
through the two Houses an act allowing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle a disputed
elaimof the first commissioner undertlie treaty
of 1842. At. the time Mr. Cushman went out
of office he had presented his accounts, but
they were not settled. Each of his successors
received a given fixed compensation for office
rent, the same that is allowed to foreign con-
suls ot.a certain grade. There have been four
or five commissioners since the first, and they
have all received their full compensation.
The Fortieth Congress resolved that this man
should receive similar compensation. It, is now -
the law. I explained the matter to'the House
in December last, and, as I supposed, to the
satisfaction of the gentleman from" Indiana,
who raised an objection and afterwards with-
drew it. I stated th<3n, as I do now, that this
is an old man. He differs from me in politics,
and that is one reason why I wish to serve him
with more particularity. He is relying upon
this. He expects it from the faith of Congress.
He is old and partially blind, and has borrowed
money on the strength' of this. -The appro-
priation ought to be made in this bill, aud I do
not see any objection that can be made to it.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend this first
section of the bill by adding to it the following:
Toemi.b].: the Secretary of the Interior to purchaso
of Little, Brown & Co. two thousand copies of tho
fifteenth volume of the United States Statute?,-at-
Largo for distribution, agreeably lo the acts of Con-
jress directing the distribution of the other volumes,
5f7,Uw. - '
The law provides for the distribution of a
certain number of volumes of the Un-ited States
Statu tes-at-Large. The Secretary of tlie Inte-
rior has addressed a communication to this
House, stating therein that this appropriation
is necessary for the purpose of paying for two
thousand copies of the fifteenth volume of the
United States StatuteS-at-Large. That com-
munication was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and that committee instructed
ifie to report the same back with a recommend-
ation that the appropriation be made. I move
it now with the concurrence of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois. [Sir. Cook;,] before he
takes ItTs seat, who regulates the size of the
