488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
lespcctive volumes of these Statutes-at-Large? ■
Some of the volume* are inconveniently large, '
some of them are extremely small; they ;
uie far from being uniform in size and they are !
quite inelegant in form. 1
Mr. COOK. I do not know who regulates the
size of them; they aie published by contract. ,
and the Secretary of the Interior is directed ■
and required by law to distribute a certain ,
number of copies. I
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not know that we !
can remedy it now. i
Mr. COBB, ot Wisconsin. I desire to inquire •
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Cook] it' ;
i Ills contract with Little, Brown & Co. is per- i
putualand if not, when it is to terminate?
Mr. COOK. I am not aware of any perpet- '
ual contract. But I know that the law requires
the Secretary of the Interior to distribute a
certain nainber of copies of these Siatutes-at-
Large.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I would inquire
what class of officers or people in this country
receive the volumes thus distributed?
Mr. COOIv. The courts have them.
Mr. DAWES. They arc also sent to the
foreign legations.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. Are not all these
laws set up and printed by the Public Printer;
and is not the having the same laws printed
by a private firm of printers a very expensive
luxury to the people of this country?
[Here tlie hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior on
this subject
The Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
WASHINGTON, D. CM March 25, 1869.
Sir: I respectfully recommend that Congress, at
its prescntse&ioD,mconforunty with previous legis-
lation. provide means, by an act of appropriation, to
<nrry into effect the objects herein specified, namely,
r<> enable the Secretary of the Interior to purchase
i.i Little, Brown & Co., two thousand copies of the
fifteenth volume of the United States Statutes-at-
L ;i£«? tor distiibution, ngieeably to tho acts of Oon-
directing the distribution of the other volumes,
3 iJiOO.
I nave the honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
J. D. COX,
• ^ Secretary,
Hon. James G. Elaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I rise to oppose
the amendment. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] as I
did of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,]
who was prevented from answering my question
by the expiration of his time—I desire the
gentleman from Massachusetts to state from
his information, either as chairman of the
Committee o,n Appropriations or as a citizen of
fhe.same State where these publishers reside,
whether this contract with Little, Brown & Co.
is perp.etual; and if it is not, when it expires '!
And 1 would also inquire if it would not bo
economy on the part of Congress to terminate
this contract and have these Statutes-at-Large
published at the Government Printing Office,
where we have all the "facilities for doing the
work-, .where there is a large number of em-
ployes, and where, as I am informed, the whole
matter is set up, and where is already incurred
by,the Government nearly all the expense of
this work except that of binding?
. Mr. DAWES. There was originally a con-
tract made with Little, Brown & Co., in 1850,
which continued until March 81, 1866, and then
expired by its own limitation. After a careful
reyiew and examination of the subject by Con-
gress it was found that the best possible mode
of carrying out the object contemplated by pub-
lishing the Statutes-at-Large was'to renew that
contract, and a law was passed to that effect.
I t is no particular object with that firm to pub-
lish these volumes, as I happen to know. But
it is desirable that these laws should be printed
uniformly and after a given pattern. They
have been printed for a great number of years
in this uniform style long before Little & Brown
had the contract. When Little & Brown ob-
tained the contract they continued the publics-
! tion in this form. The contract was renewed
; in 18-36. but for how long the statutes do not
' specify. I am quite sure that Little & Brown
have no anxiety to continue it, because there
, is no money in it; and I do not believe that
, the gentleman wants the statutes sent abroad
from the State Department to every foreign
; legation, into every foreign library, as well as
1 into every State library, published in the form
i in which our documents are printed at the Gov-
| eminent Printing Office. I am quite certain
I my friend does not want that, but that he does
1 want economy, in which direction I am willing
to go with him to the uttermost verge.
| Mr. MAYNARD. I move the following as
an amendment to the amendment :
Provided, That hereafter the acts of Congress shall
be printed iu. the GovernmentPrinting Oliice, in vol-
1 umes of uniform site and stylo.
!! Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment changes existing law, and is
therefore not in order to this appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The amendment is ger-
mane to the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand it.
Mr. Cook's amendment was then agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the follow-
ing sums, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
are hereby appropriated tor tho service of the fiscal
year ending Juno 30, 1S70, as follows:
Treasury Department:
For salary of temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department, at such rates as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem just anrl reasonable, $120,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to strike out
the words " at such rates as the Secretary of
the Treasury may deem just and reasonable
and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
At the same rates prescribed by law for other
clerks in said Department for like duties.
1 have submitted this amendment to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and I believe I am correct in saying
that he will interpose no objection to it. It
will be seen that in a previous part of the bill
$35,000 are appropriated "for salary of tem-
porary clerks in the Treasury Department, at
such rates as the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem just and reasonable." Hero we
have an additional appropriation for temporary
clerks in the same Department for $120,000.
The appropriation of $35,000 is for what are
called the personal staff of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and as to those clerks the com-
pensation we shail pay them is left to his dis-
cretion. There was some force in what was
said in behalf of that provision, that as to the
personal staff of the Secretary of the Treasury
he should have some right to determine the
amount of compensation they should have.
Bat, as I have said, here is a large additional
appropriation of $120,000 for salary of tem-
porary clerks, and I apprehend, if the com-
mittee will consider this matter, it will not be
claimed that the salary of this large additional
force should be left to the discretion of any
one. Therefore it is I have moved the amend-
ment that these clerks shall receive the same
rate of pay prescribed by law for other clerks
in the same Department for like duties.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see any objection
to the amendment. The gentleman says that
this is an additional appropriation for tempo-
rary clerks. In this he makes a mistake, for
the appropriation of $35,000 to which he has
referred is for the current fiscal year, while the
pending appropriation is for the next fiscal
year.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Offieo of the 3?irst Comptroller:
For six clerks of class four, eight dorks of class
three, seven clerks of class two, lour clerks of class
one, six copyists, one assistant messenger, and one
laborer, 515,010.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following
amendment:
For additional salary hereby allowed to the First
Comptroller of tho Treasury, $1,500; and the said
salary is hereby established at pcr anuain from
tile 1st day of July, ISdO, and a sum sutfunent to pay
the same is hereby appropriated up to July 1,1870.
Mr. Chairman, I think it probable every gen-
tleman is thoroughly advised of the facts in
regard to this officer, 'lhe First Comptroller
of the Treasury is one whose labor and respons-
ibility are both enormous. It is proposed to
give him instead of $3,500 a year, to which he
is now entitled, a salary equal to that which
each of us draws for duties not quite so arduous
as his, and which do not continue throughout
the year as his do.
I presume I need not speak of the import-
ance of this office in the organization of the
Treasury Department, nor of its duties as they
relate to that Department. If this amendment
is adopted I am sure it will not be disagreeable
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and 1 do not
think it will be objectionable to any friend of
the Department, nor indeed will it give pain
to the incumbent, able and efficient as we know
him to be. 1 suppose it will meet with the
approbation of the chairman of the committee.
I am sure it is just what he thinks himself
ought to be done in reference to the salary of
this officer. I ask him whether he does not
think that the salary of this officer should be
fixed at the rate of $5,000 a year?
Mr. DAWES. Nothing would gratify me
more than to say that, if I deemed it my duty
to say so as chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. There is no more worthy
officer than the one to whom allusion is made.
For nearly forty years the State of Ohio has
had the honor to fill the office of First Comp-
troller of the Treasury in a manner which it
will be impossible to surpass from any other
source, and I am glad to believe that it is filled
at the present time from the same State with a
fidelity toward the public equal to its ancient
renown. I admit that it is a most important
office. Under tlie scrutiny of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury pass the accounts of the
Treasury Department and of the internal rev-
enue, and I agree that the present officer dis-
charges his duties most faithfull}'. But, Mr.
Chairman, he has worked at this rate for a
good while, and I do not feel, as the represent-
ative of the Committee on Appropriations, will-
ing to agree to the raising of this salary for the
reason 1 was compelled to oppose the raising of
the salaryofanotherofficerafew moments ago.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of the Second Auditor:
JFor one hundred clerks of elassone, 6120,000: Pro-
vided, That all clerks employed in the office of tho
Paymaster General, in performing any of the duties
transferred by the act of March 3,1869, from his office
to that of the Second Auditor of the Treasury, shall
not be continued after Ma.y 1,18Gy.
Mr. JENCKES. I move the following amend-
ment :
And provided further, That in selecting and sub-
scribing for papers containing decisions of ofhceis
of the Department for distribution among revenue
officers, the Secretary of the Treasury shall not be
confined to tho Internal Revenue Record and Cus-
toms Journal, as required by one of the provisions
of the act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for tho year ending tho 30th
day of June, 1870, approved Maroh 3, 18S9, but may
select such journals as he thinks best for said pur-
pose.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a point- of order.
That is independent legislation, and therefore
not in order to this appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. JENCKES. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For compensation of two additional examiners-
in-chief m the Patent Office, $2,500 each, id,000.
Mr. Chairman, I move this amendment at
the request of the Commissioner of Patents.
He says his force is at present too small for
the proper discharge of the duties of the office.
Mr. DAWES. Is that the present rate of
compensation ?
Mr. JENCKES. The amendment provides
for the same compensation as that fixed by
