488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
to the Committee on Appropriations at least
twenty-four hours before it is moved.
The Committee on Appropriations, who are
responsible for the appropriationsiu this House,
have taken some pains to learn from the Patent
Office what it needed. I have myself been
there; but it seems they have had some hear-
ing or conference with the Committee on Pat-
ents. From the information before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I do not know what
necessity there is for the adoption of theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Rhode Island.
If there is any such necessity they have not
soen fit to communicate it to the Committee on
Appropriations.
There is no other department of the Govern-
ment which has been abused in legislation, in
my opinion, like the Patent Office, growing as
it is in importance every day, and destined as
it is before long to be one of the independent
departments of the Government. It has been
crippled between thieves on the one hand and
inconsiderate legislation on the other, and I
am unwilling, from the experience of the past,
when we are not permitted to know what has
occurred in that department, to agree, as
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
to the adoption of this amendment. It may
be a part of the reformatory system in that
department, and I know of 110 hands in which
the matter could be better trusted than those
of the gentleman from Rhode Island, but I am
unwilling to allow this amendment to be in-
serted into the deficiency appropriation bill in
the last hours of a fragmentary session of Con-
gress without the usual investigation on the
part of the Committee on Appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the amend-
ment, to the amendment.
Mr. SCOP1ELD. I renew it. If I under-
sold the object of the gentleman fiom Rhode
Island it is simply to provide that these officers
shall get their pay from the fees which are now
paid into the office, those fees now going into
the Treasury of the United States along with
the other fees that are received by that office.
As the law now stands we reappropriate that
money to pay the clerks and other officers of
the Patent Office from the general Treasury.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to say that the fees
received by the Patent Office are more than
four times what is asked to be appropriated.
Mr. SCOPIELD. As I understand it the
gentleman desires to place this in the hands of
the Secretary of the interior and the Commis-
sioner of Patents, so that they can take it from
year to year without coming to Congress and
asking for appropriations.
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I understood the gentle-
man to say, in reply to a question which I put
to him, that these draughtsmen are paid from
the fees which the Patent Office receives for
their services.
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir; that is not it.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Then I ask the Clerk to
report the amendment, so that we may see
exactly what it is.
The Clerk read as follows:
For additional compensation of draughtsmen em-
ployed in copying drawings, 80,000; and tho number
01 said draughtsmen m y bedimimshed as they may
be tound unnecessary during the fiscal year.
li or causing copies of drawings annexed to speci-
fications to he printed, lithographed, or otherwise
IBImo and for the use of the patent °®oe.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand that puts it
m the hands of the Commissioner of Patents,
so that he can pay it himself without special
appropriation of Congress from year to year.
Mr. Jl&NCKES. There is an ^appropriation
for this y«ar. .
Mr. SCO FIELD. The amendment provides
for additional: compensation,- and the gentle-
man saida few minutes ago that it imposed no
additional expense: on the Government, but
only gave the fees paid, into the Treasury for
this work for the purpose of paying these
cfc ' . 1
Mr; JENCKES. What I said was that tie
Treasury was receiving from the Patent Office
in the way of fees four times the sum asked
for to paj these men for this work. I also
stated that by the process of photolithography
tho Patent Otiice can do away entirely with this
manual labor, and these copies of drawings
can be made for one sixth or one tenth the
present price. Whatever the. cost is it is paid
out of the receipts of the Patent Office and is
no charge upon the Government at all.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. ELA. I renew it for the purpose of
explaining what I understand to be the inten-
tion of the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island. It is for the pur-
pose of allowing the Patent Office to avail itself
of the new process of photolithography, by
which every examiner and every other person
who may wish may have copies of the drawings
which are annexed to specifications of patents
at the very low rate of fifteen or twenty cents
each. I hold in my hand copies of some of
those drawings by this new process which cost
only about fifty cents, while by the old process
of producing copies for presentation to the
courts or any other purpose might cost any-
where from ten to one hundred dollars. 1 look
upon it as one of the most wonderful inven-
tions of the age, and it is of such importance
to the Patent Office that I hope this House will
not refuse to allow that office to avail itself of
its use. It will not only be a great saving to
the Government, but it will also be of the
greatest advantage to those who have dealings
with the Patent Office. By this process we
not only get perfect copies of these drawings,
but they may be enlarged or decreased in size
as those who need them may require. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
The question then recurred on Mr. Jenckes's
amendment.
Mr. JENCKES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Jenckes and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee divided, and there were—
ayes 60, noes 40.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. JENCKES. I move the following
amendment:
For twenty-one clerks of the second class, at 81,400
each, $29,400.
Mr. Chairman, I regret very much that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
thought it necessary to make the remarks he
did. This appropriation bill was reported only
recently, and the Committee on Patents, which
has had this subject under consideration, has
sought only to present amendments making
such appropriations as were necessary to do the
business of the Patent Office for the next fiscal
year. Unless some such provision is now made
the effect of the law as it now stands will be to
discharge these clerks on the 1st day of July
next, and the work which they have done and
are doing will be stopped. This office is in-
tended to be a harmonious institution, each
part and portion to the other, in order that the
work may be done and no obstruction put in
the way of doing the business of the inventors
of this country. If this amendment be not
adopted these clerks will be dismissed and
the work they do will have to cease, and under
those circumstances the office cannot be kept
np. That work cannot be done in time. At
the end of the first- month it will be in arrears
perhaps one week ; at the end of the second
month two weeks; and so the work will con-
tinue to fall behind until it is months and years
in arrears. The present force of this office is
none too great to perform the duties. The ap-
propriations-last year were made upon the basis
of a reduction of the force.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I am com-
pelled to ask the House again to intervene
against an attempt on the part of the Committee
on Patents to reorganize the whole Pate'ntOffice
and the appropriations concerning it, in a de-
ficiency hill, wiuheat the eoiiperation of the
Committee on Appropriations and without any
ability on the part of the latter committee to
know, under the circumstances, whether the
appropriations asked are proper or not. If
appropriations tor that, bureau etui thus be
made without regard to the legitimate func-
tions of the Committee oa Appropriations,
appropriations for any other bureau or Depart-
ment can be made in the same way ; and thus
the work of the Committee on Appropriations
will be taken entirely out of their hands. Un-
less it is understood that they are to have a
supervision of tlie expenditures of these vari-
ous Departments, they had better be relieved
at once from all further duty in the premises.
How can they come before this House and
answer, as they are expected to do, the inqui-
ries of members in reference to the just ex-
penditures and demands of the several Depart-
ments, if, without any knowledge or consulta-
tion on their part, the House, 011 the motion of
a gentleman representing another committee,
authorizes twenty-one Department clerks here
and fifteen clerks there, &c.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know what are the
necessities of the Patent Office. Prom my
position I ought to know ; but it is not my fault
that I do not know. The Commissioner of
Patents himself was called before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations of the last Congress,
when the bill providing for the force of his
office for the coming year was before that com-
mittee ; but they got no information from him ;
and they brought, in their bill without thebenelit
of his experience or knowledge of the wants
of that department,.
Now, in this bill, the purpose of which is
only to keep the Government along till the
next regular session of Congress, an attempt is
made late on a Saturday afternoon to reorganize
entirely the Patent Office by propositions in
the form of amendments. I cannot understand
this amendment except by attributing it to the
fidelity of the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jenckes] to what he deems the interests
of the Patent Office. If the House is to adopt
this amendment I cannot foresee where any
limitation is to begin, or what further propo-
sitions my friend from Rhode Island may have
in reserve for the consideration of this Com-
mittee of the Whole acting upon an appropri-
ation bill. I trust that the committee will go
no further in this direction.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the
amendment by deducting one from the number
of clerks proposed to be authorized.
Mr. Chairman, I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts and
of the House my reason for moving these
amendments. The estimates for these appro-
priations were placed before the Committee
on Appropriations of the last Congress in the
very last hours of the session. The committee
brought in their bill cutting down the force of
the Patent Office in certain particulars. While
they granted in some respects what the Commis-
sioner asked, they omitted in other instances
the appropriations he declared to be necessary.
The consequence was, as I have stated, that
the force of the office was not properly appor-
tioned ; that on-e part could do a great deal
more than would be required of it, while
another would fall shoTt of the demands upon
it. Hence, as the strength of a machine is no
greater than its weakest part, the Patent Office
must necessarily break down after the first of
next July, unless we adopt now some such
legislation as my amendments propose.
When the bill went to the Senate that body
inserted the appropriations which the Commis-
sioner asked for; a-nditwas not till aftertwelve
o'clock on the last night of the session that
these changes, affecting so vitally the consti-
tution of the Patent Office, were made. 1 pro-
pose simply to restore its former constitution,
not to change at all any settled policy upon
which it has been operated during all the years
of its existence. These amendments are offered
now from the necessity of the case. I ask
the House to believe that the Committee on
Patents have looked into this matter, and now
propose for the consideration of the Commit-
