18G9.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
tee on Appropriations and the Committee of !
the Whole only such amendments as are re- I
quired to enable this bureau to perforin its ;
duties propeiiy from July till December next, j
nothing morn. They will involve no cost to the '
Government, for in the mean time the receipts ;
ol the office will be $1,000,000 more than the j
ospeu'li'iires, I
Mr. BECK. I am sustained in what I said I
to the House a few moments ago, that this is
an attempt on the part of the Patent Office to I
overrule the legislation of the last Congress j
without submitting the matter to the Commit- i
tee on Appropriations, so that the facts may j
be known upon which we are acting. If these 1
are legitimate expenditures, let the amend- ;
ments go before the committee of the Senate, :
where they can be printed and canvassed, and
let die Commissioner of Patents couie before
the committee of the Senate and the commit-
tee of this House and state the facts, so that
the committees can understand them and re-
port upon them. If you are going to take the
work out of the hands of the appropriate com-
mittee, and upon the motion in the House of
gentlemen who do not profess to know all the
[acts themselves, throw open the flood-gates
and permit the Commissioner of Patents to
expend money when he chooses, then there is
no use for the Committee on Appropriations,
and we need no , .n-jer talk about retrench-
ment or reform in thu Departments. If it was
too late for the gentleman from Rhode Island >
to get his amendments before the Committee ;
on Appropriations of the House why did not
the Commissioner of Patents send them before
the Senate committee so that they could be j
considered there, and then they would come ;
back to this House, and we could examine and
consider them here. j
But I object to crowding these amendments :
through without any evidence or examination. 1
That was why I objected to the other amend- I
ir.ent, and that is why I object to this one. It j
/nay be right or wrong. The House does not ]
know whether it is right or wrong, and we are j
asked to vote away thousands upon thousands <
upon amendmentafteramendnientwithout any i
evidence and without any tacts. If the Com-
missioner of Patents knew that his claims were |
right and his demands legitimate, why did he
not come before the committee and iet us know j
all the facts'? Why does he not now go before j
the Senate committee and let the matter be j
investigated there? But for us to adopt these '
amendments now in the absence of all inform-
ation and when the Commissioner has failed
tu come before the proper committee and make
ail the facts known, would be unwise legisla-
tion. 1 hopetheamendment will not beadopted.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer the folo wing amend-
ment :
For compensation of surveyor general of Louisi-
ana. and clerks in his o'Jice, $4,500.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read a letter
addiessed by the Secretary of the Interior to
the Speaker of this House, inclosing one from
the Commissioner of the General Laud Office,
which will explain this matter.
'liie Clerk read as follows:
Dkpaktmk.n r on- the Interior.
Washington', i' C., .ihtrch Jl,
?nt- I bavoihe honorto subroitfor the considcra-
t'.tn nf Congress estimates for the compensation of
tin- ,-iirveyor general of Louisiana and the clerks in
hi« uftiec i'-!i- the fiscal year enjinu 30ih June, 1870.
Tih-m- e-tim.ites were submitted to the. Department
bv the Commissioner of the General Lund Office. A
i-'ipvo! iinlettm-on the subject is herewith trans-
mit left.
1 am. nr. very rc-pcctfully, ,
.T. P. I OX, ^ccretari,.
Hon. .1, (J. Bluxr,
Speitkfr of IJni'.Ke n1 /i"f
Prr.tRTMl'XT OF TltE iNTt'ttlOd.
GknkR'W, Iami Orrirn, Mun-h 1S>,
£ir: On the M January l.u-t estimates of appro-
priation lor the ,-ui veyiiiK service in Loui.v. ma and
Ki 11jilit !'■ ■ r fhe fiM'alyeur ending June 30,1£70, weie
subtHilleil to th" Oep'irtiiieiit by this office, with the
reasons assigned tor their necessity.
Upon examiaationof the appropriations passed at
the last session of Congress, I find that no provision
has been made for the surveying service in Louisi-
ana, and as necessity exists for an early completion
of the survey of the public lands and private land
claims in that State, I have the honor to resubmit,
in duplicate, estimates of appropriation for that ser-
vice in said State, with the request that it maybe
laid before the present Congress.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant.
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. J. I). Cox, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now ask the Clerk to
read the estimate of the appropriation accom-
panying thart letter, which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department or the Isteeiob,
General Land Office, MayohV3,1869.
Estimate of appropriations required for the surveying
service in Louisiana for the fiscal year ending Jane
30, 1870.
1. 'Pol-compensation of the surveyor generalof Louisi-
ana, per act of March, 3, 1831, United States Laws,
volume four, page 492, section five $2,000
2. For compensation of the elerks in the office
of the surveyor general of Louisiana, per
act of May 9,1830, United States Laws, vol-
ume five, page 26   2.500
JOSEPH S. WXLS0X, Commissioner.
Mr. SCHENCK The reason why this has
not come from the Committee on Appropria-
tions is because it was submitted to them too
late. They had already prepared their bill,
and it was reported when this communication
was made from the Secretary of the Interior
and from the Commissioner of the Land Office,
together with the estimate of appropriations
it had gone through the scrutiny of a com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. I am of the opinion that this
had better go before the committee of the
Senate. I have no choice myself, but it seems
to me that is the more regular way of pro-
ceeding ; therefore I urge that course.
Mr. GARFIELD. I agree that that is the
mora regular way, but this is a simple case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word, for the purpose of asking the gentle-
man whether something like this is not neces-
sary to enable the freedmen in Louisiana to
have the benefit of the homestead law.
Mr. GARFIELD. The freedmen of Louisi-
ana canuot have the fall benefit of that law un-
less a large body of unsurveyed lands in that
State belonging to the United States are sur-
veyed so that they can be settled upon and
improved. The whole case, it seems to me,
is stated in the official papers.
I agree with my friend from Massachusetts
if it depended on the estimates or depended
upon thestatutes it should go before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. If there is any re-
port in the case it is from the Commissioner
of the Land Office which has just been read.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say further on that
point that no one makes more liberal estimates
or magnifies more the importance of his office
than the distinguished gentleman who presides
over the destinies of the Land Office. We had
him before our committee and examined him
in reference to all these matters, and we have
required in order to resume and carry on the , j felt under the necessity of cutting down largely
business of the land office in Louisiana, where ij the estimates which he has made. We have
it has been suspended for a good while. Forty- li undertaken to sound the depths of all his plans
five hundred dollars will cover the salary of
the surveyor there and of aH his elerks.
Mr. DAWES. This matter was referred to j
the committee, but they did not have time to j
take it into consideration. It seems to me, i
therefore, it. had better be laid before the Sen-
ate committee and there explained. ;
Mr. SCHENCK. It is explained by the ,
letter. j
Mr. DAWES. A new appropriation to re- j
vive an office that has been suspended for many i
years may be right. I do not know that it is !
or is not. It is not recommended on any
investigation that the Committee on Appropri- I
ations have made, because they have not ex-
amined it. It seems to me, therefore, that it
would be wise for the gentleman to take it to
the other end of the Capitol and have it exam-
ined by the Senate Committee, and if it is right i
let it be adopted. I do not oppose it on us
merits, for 1 do not know what those merits
are. I he Committee on Appropriations have
not been remiss about it, for this did not reach
them till they had closed their consideration
of this appropriation bill, and t'nia is the lirst
time that I have seen or known anything of
the contents of the papers. If the House shail
adopt the amendment it will do so without
any recommendation from the committee. I
do not wish to say anything against it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman if
it is not true that the office which u is proposed
to revive is one that has been provided for by
law, thefunctions of which were only suspended
in consequence of therebellion ? And I desire
tu ask fuither if there are not now somewhere
in the neighborhood of a million acres of
unsurveyed land in Louisiana, part of which
belong to the General Government, and cer-
tain classes of which have been ceded to the
State of Louisiana? Is there not, therefore, a
special reason shown in this case why this office
should be revived by an appropriation? No
legislation is required ; everything is provided
for by law, nnd it only needs an appropriation
, to carry out the provision of the law.
Mr. DAWES. Yes; that is all there is to it.
, Mr. GARFIELD. Oh, no: we could not
make an appropriation hero unless there was
a law behind it. All that is asked is simply
an appropriation to carry out the law. it seems
to me the Committee of the Whole is as com-
petent upon a simple statement like this in an
official document to act upon the matter as it
and yet he has made no suggestion to our com-
mittee that it was necessary for us to have the
office of surveyor general in the State of Lou-
isiana. We had before us his written com-
munication making his estimate for deficiency,
and we had him before as on that very point,
and I do not quite understand the reason why
now, at the very last moment, afterthe bill has
been reported, he springs this proposition upon
the House, and it is attempted to be put
through without the benefit of an examination
before that committee. It may be ail right;
but certainly it is proper that it should first go
through the ordinary form of investigation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew it. and I merely
wish to say there is nothing extraordinary about
this proposition. This office of surveyor gene-
ral of Louisiana exists for the benefit of that
southern country. it has been suspended
during the rebellion, and is now proposed to be
revived in order that the work may be resumed
there. There is no one to represent that pes.pie
upon this floor. Remembering that, and find-
ing that this appropriation has not been put into
this bill, the Secretary of the Interior has sent
a communication to this House, with au esti-
mate for an appropriation of $4,500 to pay
this surveyor general and the clerks in his
office in order that the work down there may
be resumed and continued. That communica-
tion came here too late to have this appropria-
tion inserted in this bill before it was reported
by the Committee on Appropriations.
"i know it would be more regular to have these
papers examined by the Committee on Appro-
priations, but, after all, what does the objection
amount to? Everybody knows that the law
exisis. Everybody knows there is a need for the
prompt resumption of the work of the sur-
veyor general's office in that department.
There can be no dispute about those facts, and
the only question is whether the Secretary of
the Interior or the Commissioner of the General
Land OiKce explained sufficiently the necessity
for continuing these operations, 'i hey are jost
what the Committee on Appropriations would
have acted on if they had gone before that
committee, but not having been introduced in
time to go before the Committee on Appropria-
. tions, tbev are here now for the purpose of
i affording "information to the Committee of the
! Whole.
