1809.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
commerce, deprives a company chartered by
a State of the right to do that, deprives a State
of the right to grant it; and you have not only
swept away, by this kind of legislation, all Uni-
ted States ami State taxes upon these compa-
nies, but you deprive the States of almost the
only resource they have of getting money.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey will suspend his remarks.
The morning hour having expired, the unfin-
ished business of Saturday is be fore the Senate,
being the joint resolution (H. B. No. 6) for
the protection of the interests of the United
States in the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] to refer the joint resolution
and amendments to the Committee on the J udi-
ciury.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that that joint
resolution b ; postponed for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of the bill which has
been before the Senate during the morning
hour.
Mr. WILSON. Temporarily?
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that the special
order be laid aside informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks unanimous consent to lay
aside informally the unfinished business of
Saturday for the purpose of considering the
telegraph bill. Is there objection?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move that the
special order be postponed for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the telegraph
bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
[.Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not be
done. I should be very willing to accommo-
date my colleague, but I hope he will not press
bis motion against the order of the day, which
is of great importance to the interests of the
United Suites in various points of view, and I
hope we shall proceed with the consideration
and disposition of that resolution.
Mr. THAYER. I will add to what the
honorable Senator from Michigan [Mr. How-
ard] has said, that the measure now pending
is of public importance; it affects the interests
of this Government more than I can express.
It has been delayed for nearly three weeks. I
got the iloor last Friday and moved its con-
sideration then. I gave way nearly the whole
afternoon on Saturday, and now 1 thmk it is
not quite courteous to ask that this measure be
laid aside. I hope the Senate will vote down
this motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Chaxdlkr.]
'The motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represents
fives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Cierk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. 15. No.
1! making appropriations and to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government tor the fiscal years ending
dune 30, lfc'Ofl, and .June 30, 1870 : in which it
requested the concurrence ot the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the resolution of the House fixing a day for
the adjournment of the present session of Con-
gress.
The message further announced that the
1 finite had passed the following bills and joint
iivol ition :
A bill No. Is")' to continue in foice an
act t misled "An act to extend the charter of
the city ot'Washington," Ac.;
A bill s. Xu, iil.Y) to cany into elk'ct the
eonientioi! of July 1, 1 Si its, between the I ni-
U'<l States and Mexico for the adjustment of
ri.titus ; and
A joint resolution ^S. It, No. H.f lor the
relief of settlers upon the absentee Shawnee
lands in Kansas.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. P„. No. 73)
relative to the Cherokee neutral lands in the
State of Kansas, and the late treaties respect-
ing the same.
ENROLLED BILL SIGXED.
The message farther announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled |
bill (S. No. 33) relating to Government build- j
ings at Fort Totten, Dakota Territory; and it j
was thereupon signed by the Vice President, j
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. i
_ The bill (H. R. No. 054) making appropria- !
tions and to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government, for
the fiscal years ending June 30,1869, and June
30,1870, was read twicebyits title, aiidreferred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 73) relative
to the Cherokee neutral lands in the State of ,
Kansas, and the late treaties respecting the j
same, was read twice by its title, and referred j
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 1
TRANSFER OF PRINTING APPROPRIATIONS. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on l
Appropriations, towhom was referred the joint i
resolution (H. R. No. 01) authorizing the trans- j
fer of certain appropriations heretofore made, ■
have directed me to report it back without [
amendment; and as it is necessary that it :
should pass, and it is very short and easily ;
understood, I should like to have it acted upon ;
at the present time if there is no objection. !
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in f
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to cause the sum of
$78,000 to be transferred from the appropria-
tion for paper for the public printing con-
tained in the act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1809,approved on the
20th of July, 1868, in aid of the appropriations •
contained in the same act for the following
purposes, and in the following proportions ; ;
For contingent expenses of the office of CoDgres- '
sional Printer, £3,0t)</.
For public printing, $75,000. i
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment., ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
union 1'acifxc railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint res-
olution t,Ii. R. No. tij for the protection of the
interests of the United States ill the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses, is before the Senate as in Committee
. of the Whole, and the question is on the
! motion of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] to refer the resolution and amend-
ments to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. Having this morning a clearer ;
comprehension of the amendment offered by ,
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.] I
withdraw the motion to refer. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the pend- •
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen- \
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan. [Mr. How-
ard.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to modify the
amendment. 1 move to strike out in the sec-
ond section the words "upon the general route
already approved so as to make the section
read:
The President of the Vri'ed States is hereby
authorised In iiv the i.iuiH ot j,uK'tu>n ot the Union '
P.n-ilic r.iilmad and toe Lmiiai l\u'iil<j raihoad.
I do not know that it is utcossaiy to explain
this mailer. Thio section as originally drawn
had reference to an adopied tine ::- H v.- ; - pro-
posed by tile Committee on the Pacific lUtil-
road. 1 supposed the "general route ; meant
simply the route pur-M'el in <-i:mi eoniouir. ;
but H seem.-; that the vvi.n!., ivo-i i,> a line ii,.st
has been adopted by the Secretary of the In-
terior, and would limit the power of the Presi-
dent in fixing the point of junction to one of
those disputed lines. We all know that there
is a dispute between the companies as to which
shall build the road between Ogden and Mon-
ument Point, and the purpose" of this section
is to allow the President, after full advice, to
fix the point, and it is unnecessary to confine
him to any particular route. Two lines, I am
told, have been surveyed: one by the Central
Pacific Company and one by the Union Pa-
cific. They are only a mile or two from each
other ; but if the words I now propose to
strike out stand^ they will confine the location
to one of the disputed routes, and that loca-
tion which is disputed is a matter which is now
contested in the House of Representatives. I
do not wish myself to express any opinion as
to which of these routes ought to be adopted,
but to leave the question entirely to the Presi-
dent of the United States, to be settled after
full advice, and after he has been enlightened
by the report of three of the most eminent met?
of this country.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Ohio
will not be made ; and I may as well call the
attention of Senators to the law as it at pres-
ent exists, and to what has been done under
it by the proper Department; and it will be for
them then to judge whether it is worth while
under the present circumstances to give to the
President of the United States this vast dis-
cretion and the responsibility contemplated by
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Ohio. I think it will turn out to be a respons-
ibility which will be very unwelcome to him,
and one, in my judgment, which we ought not
to force upon lnm.
In l!s6tj Congress passed an act to amend
the charter of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. This amendatory act was approved on
the 3d .of July, 1866. 1 call the attention of
the Senate particularly to the second section
of that amendatory act. It provides—
"That the Union Pacific Haiiroad Company, with
the consent and approval ot the Secretaiy of the
Interior, are hereby authorized to locate,construct,
and continue their road from Omaha, m Nebraska
Tciritory, westwaid, according to the best and most
practicable route, and without reference to the in-
itial point on the one hundredth meiidian of west
longitude, as now provided by law, m a continuous
completed line, until they shall meet and eoniieet
with the Central Paeitie Railroad Company of Cali-
fornia: and the Central Pacific Railroad Company
of California, with tne consent and approval ot tlu
fceeretary of tlie Interior, are hereby authorized to
locate, construct, ana continue their road eastward,
m a continuous completed line, until they shall meet
and connect wuU Hie Union Pae.iic raiIio.id: J1. <■ -
vided, Tuat each of the above-named companies
shall have the right when the nature of the work to
be done, by reason of deep cuts and tunnels, shall,
fur tuc expeditious construction of the Pacilie rai:-
toad. require it, to work for an extent of not to ex-
ceed three hundred miies in advance of their con-
tinuous completed line.
Here was a legislative authority conferred
by express terms upon the Secretary of the
Interior to fix the lines of these two roads, the
one running eastward!}', the other running
westwardly. The act was passed upon the
most mature deliberation, after a very careful
examination of the subject by the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad. In the month of
May, I think. 186S. the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company filed a map of its line from
Humboldt Wells, which lies to the west of Salt
Lake, up to Monument Point, which is the
northern extremity of that lake, which map
as laid before the Secretary of the Interioi.
and was. in the language of the statute from
which I have read, consented to and approved
by him. On the 14th of October. 1SU8, thy
Central Pacific Railroad Company filed another
map of its line of road from the point which 1
have mentioned, known as Monument Point,
the north end of Salt Lake, and on the 20th
ot the same mouth of October the Secretary
of the Interior, acting under this same statute,
consented lo and approved that mapaUo from
Monument Point eastwardly to what is known
a* Echo SHOnnit: and on that day. the "0th of
October. thc.Sccri-tari of the Interior addressed
