496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
to Mr. Huntington, the vice president of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, the follow-
ing letter:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., October 20,1863.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 14th instant,
and accompanying map and profiles of the line of
theCentr.il Pacific railroad of California from "Mon-
ument Point" (north end of Salt Lake) to "Echo
summit," (head of Echo canon.) Also, reports of
chief engineer and consulting engineer on same,
with 4 copy e>f the minutes of the board of directors
of the company adopting and approving of the loca-
tion of the line of road between these points. In
view of the second section of the act of Congress
approved July 3,1866,1 hereby give my " consent and
approval" to the location of said road according to
tne map and profile mentioned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. H. BROWNING,
Secretary.
C. P. Huntington, esq... Vice President of the Ventral
Pacific railroad of California, 54 William street,
New York.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to propose an
inquiry to my friend from Michigan. To what
point does lie claim that these papers give to
the Central Pacific Railroad Company the
right to build their road as against the Union
Pacific Company—to Echo canon ?
Mr. HOWARD. No ; I do not make any
such claim.
Mr. SHERMAN. But is there not such a
claim ?
A£r. HOWARD. I wish the Senator from
Ohio, and the Senate also, to understand dis-
tinctly my view of this action on the part of
the Secretary of the Interior. I regard his act
as an establishing of the line between Monu-
ment Pointand Echo summit, upon which both
companies are required to build their road. I
cannot see that there is any doubt or uncer-
tainty about that, but at the same time it is
undoubtedly the right of each company, when
buiIding that line between those- two points, to
continue to construct its road, the right of one
as much as the right of the other, the right to
build upon that line being common to both
parties. On the 15th of December, 18G8, the
Secretaiy of the Interior addressed to Mr.
Oliver Ames, the president of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, the following note :
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., December 15,1868.
Sir: On the 20th October last, in view of the pro-
visions ot the second section of the act of Congress
approved July 3,1866,1 gave my "consent and ap-
proval*' to the location of the Central Pacific rail-
road of California from "Mineral Point" (north end
of Salt Lake) to "Echo summit," (head of Echo
canon.)
Mineral Point" isamistak-e for Monument
Point. Now mark the language which follows:
It is necessary under the law that 3'our road and
the Central Pacific shall be so located as to unite and
form one continuous road. You are therefore re-
quested to cause the Union Pacific railroad to be
located at Echo summit, so as to unite and. form a
continuous line with the Central Pacific railroad as
already located to that point, and forward the neces-
sary map and profile for file in this Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0 II. BROWNING,
Secretary.
Oliver Ames, esq.. President Union Pacific Railroad
Company, 20 Nassau street, Ncio York.
That brought home at least to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company full notice and
knowledge of the approval of the Secretary of
the Interior of that line, which approval, as I
liave remarked, was made on the 20th of
October previous. On the 6th of the following
January (1869) the Secretary of the Interior
addressed another letter to Mr. Oliver Ames,
president of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, which is as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, d. C., January 6,1869.
Sir: I have received your letter of the 5th instant,
asking that, the commissioners may bo instructed
under Uio 8th section of tbe act approved July 2,
]S>8, "to examine and report upon the work in p'ro-
smss-i of construction sixty miles in advance of the
completed load " of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany.
On fjm lath ultimo you were requested " to cause
thf Union Pacific railroad lo be loeated to Echo
summit, so a* to mute and torai a continuous line
witii-llio Centia] I'af-ifin railjuad a? ahead.v located
to that point, ami forward flic ncco.-.s.i ry mnp and
profile lor file in this Department." The law re-
quires theUaion and Central roads to be so located as
to unite and form a continuous line of road, and I
have to repeat my request that you cause your road
to be so located as to make a connection with the
Central's line at Echo summit, and that a map and
profile thereof be forwarded to this Department.
In themean timeaetionwillbewithhelduponyour
present application.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. H. BROWNING,
Secretary.
Oliver Ames, esq., President Union Pacific Railroad
Company, 20 Nassau street, New York.
This line between those two points, it seems
to me, is established by a proper order of
the Secretary of the Interior, and that order
rests upon express law, and both companies
are bound to pursue the line there laid down.
The law lias-uttered to them its mandate, " This
is the way ; walk ye therein." In spite of this,
however, it seems that the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company has passed Echo summit, has
thought fit to diverge its line north of the line
thus approved by the Secretary of the Interior,
and that line runs within one or two or three
miles at various spots of the approved line,
the two routes thus passing each other, and
leaving a question as to the legal right of the
parties, one which is to be settled either by the
courts or by an act of Congress. lam in favor of
settling this controversy, if possible, bylaw. It
is perfectly obvious that this state of things
cannot long last without a very important and
a very obstinate lawsuit between these com-
panies, the result of which may be that the
work will be so obstructed that the people of
the United States will not have the benefit of
a railroad across the continent for months, and
perhaps even years to come.
It is an imperative duty, in my judgment,
that we should settle this question by law ; and
I do not think, as I before remarked, that the
President of the United States will welcome
the authority which is proposed to be given to
him under the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. On the other hand, what I
propose I have expressed in an amendment,
which I cannot otfer at the present time, but
which I propose hereafter to offer, in the sec-
ond section to strike out all after the word
" that,'' in line one, down to and including
the word "road," in line nine, and to insert
instead of the words to be stricken out—
That Generals Philip H. Sheridan, George H.
Thomas, Irvin McDowell, Henry W. Halleck, and
Thomas J. Cram, be, and they are hereby, constituted
commissio1 era with authority to fix the point of junc-
tion of the Union Pacific railroad and the Central
Pacific railroad of California, which point of junc-
tion shall be on the line already established and
consented to by the Secretary of the Interior, which
board shall report to the Secretary of the Interior
such point of.junction, and shall also report the sum
or sums required to finish the said road.
I ask whether it be in order at this time to
offer this as an amendment?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.Ramsey
in the chair.) The Chair thinks that amend-
ment would not be in order at this time, there
being an amendment pending to an amend-
ment.
Air. HOWARD. The amendment pending
is to strike out the words " upon the general
route already approved." My amendment will
strike out those words and other matter also.
Do I understand that my amendment is not at
this time in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not.
Mr. SHERMAN". I do not agree with my
friend from Michigan as to the law. If I cor-
rectly understand him, he says that under the
law the Secretary of the Interior has approved J
a route or line on which either of these roads |
may build its branch. The Secretary of the j
Interior has no power under the law to fix the '
point of junction, because that was to be fixed |
by the gradual approaches of the roads toward 1
each other, and the point of junction was left i
undetermined in order to induce each road to
hasten the completion of its end, and the ob-
ject of leaving it undetermined was to induce
the competing roads to complete the work as
rapidly as possible. Now, if the Senator from
Michigan simply wishes by his proposition to
say that the point of junction shall be conven- 1
ient and fixed On the general route contem-
plated by these roads I may not differ from
him; but his amendment, as it is prepared,
limits the President to the selection of some
point on a designated route, as if a line or route
had been fixed by law. Such is not the case.
We already know that the route or line fixed
by the Secretary of the Interior is not only dis-
puted, but grave charges are made and are
now being investigated by the House of Rep-
resentatives in regard to that line. I do not
wish to go into that matter, because I do not
desire to introduce in this debate any contro-
verted point. The object and only purpose
of this section is to authorize some competent
party to fix the point of junction. It grows
out of the fact that these two rival lines are
pushing their work, one westward and the other
eastward, and they have already crossed each
other in the grading of the road. Westward,
the Union Pacific railroad has been built from
Echo canon, and has been graded thirty miles
west of Ogden. The Central Pacific claim the
right to build their road to Ogden and eastward
to Echo canon, though, I believe, they have
finally given up their right to go further east
than Ogden, so that these roads are actually
passing by each other, and both claiming sub-
sidies from the Government of the United
States and neither making the junction con-
templated by law.
Mr. CONKLING. Which is on the line
contemplated by the Interior Department, if
either?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is one of the con-
troverted points. It is alleged, on the one
hand, that no line has ever been approved be-
tween Monument Point and Ogden. They vary
somewhat from each other, sometimes meeting
and crossing and sometimes being a mile or
two apart. I am not sufficiently informed to
speak positively on that point. At any rate,
the object of this section is to authorize the
President, after having taken the advice of the
commission contemplated by the bill, to fix the
point of junction, and then let either road take
its own route or course to that point. The two
routes.it is understood, do not differ materially
from each other, and are never more than three
miles apart, and in some cases cross each other ;
so that, so far as the Government is concerned,
it is immaterial which route, which particular
line is adopted ; and if the point of intersec-
tion isindicated by competent authority either
company may be left to carry its li ne to that poi nt.
I propose to have the matter fixed under reg-
ulation of law, so that the two roads shall not
interfere with each other. I do not wish to
allow the two companies to go over the same
route. One of them, it is said, has not been
marked upon the line by stakes, has only been
marked by instruments, and it is doubtful
whether it can be laid upon the ground, hi
every railroad they are apt to vary from the
line when they come to make surveys and put
the work on the ground. My object is to fix
the point which will be common, and then to
leave each company to f'oltow its own line of
survey, so as to reach the point of intersection.
Now. in regard to the amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator from Michigan, the
only question is whether it is better to leave
this point of intersection to be determined by
the Presideutof the United States, arming him
with all the authority that it is possible to give
him, providing to enlighten him by the inform-
ation of five of the most eminent men of the
United States to be selected by him. or whether
Congress will undertake to select officers of
the Army, take them from their proper duties,
and send them out there to perform these func-
tions. I should be perfectly willing to tru.U
the gentlemen named by the Senator froin
Michigan—General Sheridan,Genei al Halleck.
and General Thomas—but i.- it wise for u-- to
undertake to seh-et these men, officers of the
Army, to do this? Is it nec-e-sary to takeGi-n-
era! Sheridan, the Lieutenant General of the
Army, and put him to thin w irk ? Why take
General Halleck, why take General Thomas
from their professional duties? General
