1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
nffect die rights of either. So in this case it
lias been stHted, and every one who hears me
k:i--<ws, that the House of Representatives are
investigating the question of the issue of bonds
by the late Secretary of the Interior to the
CiTiti.il Pacific Company, which involves this
very question of the line on which the two
muds are working and the point of meeting.
Then-fore, it seems to me, it is hardly necej-
farv io appeal to the judgment of every Sen-
ator. and to ask him to determine if it would
not bu a great wrong by an act of legislation
nere to feettle any question in controversy.
That much clearly understood, 1 now desire
to call attention to the objection made to the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Ohio, authorizing the President to appoint a
commission of five persons eminent for their in-
tegrity and their truthfulness and known to have
no connection whatever with either road, to
go upon the ground and investigate and report,
and then for himself, guided by that inform-
anon ihus obtained, to determine the point in
contioversy. Is there anything fairer or more
jni-t than that proposition ? Why, sir; how
olteD is a question taken out of a court and
referred to arbitrators, to disinterested parties,
to settle disputed points. There is no fairer
mode than that, and yet the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan objects to that, and 1 sup-
pose my honorable friend from New York
objects also.
Mr. CONKLING. As I am appealed to, I
am not able to say whether 1 object or not im
less 1 can find out what the disputed question
is. 1 have been listening, and £ have listened
in vain, to find out what, m law or legislation
or morals, is the disputed question. If there
is one which we can properly settle, let us
settle it by all means. But if this is a con-
troversy between parties as to which shall get
the start of the other, I hope one of the last
spectacles we shall see will be a successful
attempt to transfer to the lobbies or to the halls
o' legislation such a controversy as that in
u Inch one parly or the other is to outwit or to
Mitveed against its antagonist.
Mr. THAYER. 1 agree with my honorable
friend precisely in the latter portion of his re-
marks. I do not want any legislation which
glial! give either of these companies any
athamuge over the other. I protest against
an) action here which shall thus result to the
advantage of either; and I do not want this
question here in the Senate. It is not here by
an} action of mine or of the friends of the
Union Pacific railroad.
.Mr. Is YE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. THAYER. I will, if I can hear the
honorable Senator with so much confusion in
the Chamber.
Mr. NYE. I will try to make myself heard.
The question I wish to ask is why the honor-
able senator wishes to disturb the law as it
stands now? That is the question I want him
to answer.
Mr. THAYER. I will say to my friend from
Nevada that if he had waited long enough 1
v.-uhM have come to that point,"ami 1 do come
io it now, and state to the Senate that there is
no law On tile subject fixing that line.
Mr. XYB. Then you had better read the
statute.
Mr. THAYER. Yes," sir; I have read the
statute, and I would advise the Senator to read
the reports also. That is the very point. 1
Mate that neither of these companies is now
building on that line. The Central Pacific
(1 n".> not follow it; and when that line was
located, or pretended to he located, there was
no portion of it built.
Mr. CONKLIN'O. "Will it interrupt the Sen-
ator if 1 ask him a question there ?
Mr. THAYER. Not at all.
Mr. CON KLING. 1 take now, as a verity,
his statement that neither company is building
on lii.s line. Then 1 ask him if anything can
be clearer than that the whole difficulty is one
of administration'? Can anything be clearer
than that H will be the duly of the President
of the United States and of the Secretary of the
Treasury to refuse to issue subsidy bonds, and
that for the reason which the Senator so
strongly states, that not having built upon this
line they have not complied with the law. and,
ergo, they are not entitled to the bonds? That
is executive, administrative action, which, I
submit, needs no legislation at ail.
Sir. THAYER. I will say to tny honorable
friend from New York that that line was an
imaginary line, and on that lineand that map,
thus wrongfully filed, the Central Pacific Com-
pany have obtained from this Government
bonds to the amount of §52,.JOO.000.
Mr. COXKUNG. Why "wrongfully filed?"
Mr. THAYER. I will come to that now.
I will attempt to enlighten my friend from New
York and the Senate by reading an extract
from the affidavit of General Grenville M.
Dodge, late it member of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and now chief engineer of the
Union Pacific railroad, it is true it may be
answered that this is an ex parte affidavit; but
I say in reply to that that it is a sufficient rea-
son for withholding action by the Senate and
allowing the question to be investigated by dis-
interested parties, as proposed by my friend
from Ohio. I read from his affidavit; and I
undertake to say that no Senator will question
his statement. He is as honorable and as
truthful a man as there is in this body or in
either House of Congress or out of it. He says
on the last day of March, I think:
" The map filed in the Interior Department, which
pretends to ho a location of the Central Pacific rail-
road iioai Echo summit to Monument Point, and
from Monument I^omtto Humboldt Wells, X know
to be false and fraudulent, as I hare been over the
entire ground since the maps were sworn to. May 15
and July is. aud no located line existed on the
ground. '
Mr. HOWARD. Will tfas Senator please
state who makes that affidavit?
Mr/i'fclAYEK. If my honorable friend Uac
done me the honor to It&len he would not have
been under the necessity of asking that ques-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the honorable Sen-
ator's pardon. I happened io be out of tho
Chamber for a moment-
Mr. THAYEii. General Grenvilie M.
Dodge, chief engineer of the Pacific railroad,
late a member of the House of Representatives,
a responsible man. I am aware that honor-
able Senators will say that it is an ex parte
affidavit; but 1 answer to that, and I repeat it
now because my iriend did no: hear me, it
affords sulfieieutground for arresting any action
which invokes i hatquestion herein the Senate.
Mr. CONKLiNG. Arresting it on whose
part V
Mr. THAYER. Or preventing it. My hon-
orable friend from Xew York wiii permit me
to say again that I do not ask for any legisla-
tion on this subject, but respectfully protest
against it. The Union Pacific railroad do not
ask for it. do not want it. This joint resolu-
tion came here from the House of Represent-
atives authorizing the Union Pacific Kailroad
Company, for certain reasons, to be permitted
to hold their annual election unmolested here
iu ih* city of Washington. The Government
directors"asked that also. They made their
official leport to the Secretary of the Interior,
and the President of the United States com-
municated it to Congress. Then it is proposed
by the Committee 011 the Pacitie Railroad to
put on an amendment fixing the line ot meet-
ing of the two roads. My friend wiU under-
stand me that 1. for one, do not ask lor that.
1 am against touching that point; but it is here,
and 1 am meeting the statements made by the
honorable chairman of the Pacific Railroad
Committee. Now, sir, 1 will read extracts
from this affidavit of General Dodge as a part
of my speech:
" I met the Cen tral Pacific engineers during August,
September, and October, locating their Imes on tue
ground, convened with ihem, and obtained Irom them
copies ot pi ofile* and maps, aud i iiov never pretended
that the line that had then been tiled was anything but
a trial line; aud every lout ul h^e ttiut tue Ceiitiul
Paoitfo rai-ii'.iu has graded 01 v-'-nkod on Dotweun
Huinb'dd" W^l}. nnd Ojrd*   <i • n 1'v.^tr-i sin-v
their maps were filed, and very little of the entire
location is upon the same line represented oa tne
map accepted October 20, 18&8. The line is only a
trial hue, without curves, with stakes* five hundred
leefc apart, and run ia!867; and the map, in my opin-
ion- was intentionally so made that it is perfectly
useless in an engineering poirit of view or lor the
purpose of letr&eiug it upon the ground. It has no
topography, no stations, no courses, no angles, no
?caie—nothing by wbich any line could be identified
by it ou the ground."
"it was received in direct violation of the instruc-
tions of the Xuterior Department, and docs not com-
ply with the requirements ot the Department, madfe
upon the Union Pacific railroad upon filing their
maps." *
"Over one portion of tho line of this map, from
Ogden to the moutu of Weber, no Joeation has ever
been made."
Mr. HOWARD.. As the honorable Senator
from Nebraska uses that as a part of his speech,
I beg to inquire of him how he makes it out
that the tiling of that map, mentioned in the
letter which 1 have read, of the 20th of Octo-
ber, if that is the map alluded to, was a viola-
tion of the instructions of the Secretary of the
Interior ?
Mr. THAYER. I will come to that directly
if my friend wiU allow me to go on.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senator will
get to It.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; and I hope my
friend will remain quiet until I can get through;
"Orer one portion of tho line of this map,from
Ogden to the mouth of Wober, no location has ever
been made."
This is the sworn testimony of General
Dodge:
'"One portion, from Ogden to Monument Point,
was located between November 1, I$6d, aud January
1, 1869, and Jruia Mjnumcat Point to iiu.uiboldt
Vv'elto between J uiy 1 and November 1, lbbi. 1 was
on the giound iroiu July t<  Oitoocr 15, and have
lull peisouai knowledge ot' the lac Us, and also have
been constantly in loeeiptol letters and telegrams
Irom own parties, wiij nave never been oif the
ground, except uunug tue winter months, troui the
summer ot lbd7 to the present lime.
"On the Zihh oi October, the date cf the
acceptance 01 the map ot tue Central Pacific rail-
road, the Union paciiic raiiioad uad iu line located
to Monument Point, its grading mostly hmsned To
the mouth oi Weber, and opened its worK west of
tne moutu ot Weber, and at Independence ^i:nn?s
and Humboldt Weils.
**l'ne Central Pacihc railroad, od the other hand,
up to October, ISda, had located no ime, (except a iew
aides ot temporary surveys over the eaat slope of
Promontory range, which they abandoned,; between
JtSeho summit and Monument Point, and iiad only
partially located their line Irom Uumboldt Wtlb to
Monument Point, and., had not completed their lota-
uou to Humboiut \Y'eii>, coming Irom the west
1'uey bad opened work west 01 Monument Point yo
tne Mormon eoa'raeS extending one huudied rniies
west ot that pumt, out liad uoue i.ocuiug ea?-t 01
Monument Point, lo-day,M.uch JO, the Cuion Pa-
ct lie 1 ail road grading is nearly completed io Monu-
ment Point, ext ept about &ix nines. Its track has
been laid over unec lourtiis oi tue line tuat tne map
covers between tue head of ±)eho and Monument
Point. Ita track is now within hi'fy-lour tunes of
Monument Point, and since J"a y last aud until
witmu one taomu its track has been one hundred
and uftyto two hundred miles uearti 0^u<mand iltiy
mnes nearer Monument Feint, and at all times Hum
two hundred to two hundred and iiuy miles uearer
Echo summit than the track 01 tne Central Pacific
ranroad."
At the time this map was filed, on the 20th
of October last, the Union Paciiic railroad were
within eighty miles of the end of that portion
of the line which that map covers, coining from
the west. Understand ine: within about eighty
miles; it may vary a few tuiles, either one way
or the other, The Union Pacific were wuhin
eighty miles of the point covered by the east-
ern portion of that map, v-hiio the Central Pa-
cific were over four hundred and forty miles trom
that point. 1 defy contradiction of that state-
ment. What right had that company to locate
over the line in that way? What right had it
to anticipate, to forestall, for that was really
the game that was being pla}ed? They were
attempting to oveireach and get possession in
advance beiore they had constructed the road
or in any respect complied with the provisions
of the law. Xow, sir, I will read from the
same atiidavii, as showing the view of the Sec-
retary of the Interior in regard to that inup atiu
the Usue of bonds. ,
Mr. CONKUXG. Will it interrupt theScn-
ator if i ask him for a little information just
there, as he seems familiar with this subject?
Mr. PHAYEU. Not at all.
Mr. OQNKUW T had **ippose'1, in look*
