1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§01
Then I misunderstood !
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think the hon-
orable Senator should quite say that, because
he said the Central road had received bonds
to mi cli a point; and how did they do that?
He asked that question himself—why did they
do that?
Mr. THAYER. I said that in answer to my
friend from Michigan.
Mr. CONKLING. It was in the form of a
question, and having the statement before me
1 simply took the liberty to call attention to it.
Mr. 'i'HAYKii. But I had not reflected on
the issue of the bonds nor called the act in
question.
Mr. CONKLING.
the Senator.
Mr. THAYER. I simply ask him. byway
of answer, if the Union Pacific had the same
rights over this line that the Central Pacific
had, how it ca^ne that the Central Pacfic had
obtained bonds over this very line, I did not
mean any reflection on my friend from New
York, or my friend from Michigan, in saying
that there was an extraordinary desire to press
this question. I of course did not wish to use
that word in any such sense. But I will pro-
ceed with this!affidavit, for I shall forget where
1 left off if I do not proceed with it soon. 1
had just read the paragraph stating I he fact
that die Union Pacific had received bonds
o%er forty miles of the line which this map
covered which had been filed, and which my
friend from Michigan claims has become a law.
General Dodge says:
"After the order for their issue, Secretary Brown-
ing ct red to me this id et as proof of wbat lie had pre- ,
viuu-!y stated, thu,t the acceptance of the map did 1
not affea om ri^rlit to build our ruad over this route i
mid receive bonds therefor, and he said that be would J
continue to leeommend their issue to us upon our I
couiplving with the requiremeuts of the Uovern- |
IliCDt. , i
"The Secretary of the Interior also, on January ]
1-f 1869. instructed thecommissionerswho had exam- i
ined the vaiious roads to determine the best line :
between the euds of the two tracks, arid recommend !
its- adoption." j
Ol'-erve. that while these commissioners were i
out there in the performance of this very duty, i
belore they returned, and before they reported, >
and before any communication was received
from them, this map was filed which the Sen-
ator from Michigan claims fixed the line. I
have no comment to make upon it. 1 simply
call attention to the fact. General Dodge says
further:
"The Secretary communicated these instructions t
to me, and snid that his anxiety that the roads should '
meet and connect, and nor pass each other, had led ,
him to ins'iui-t the commissioners to designate the ,
point wheie hey would be likelv to meet 1
"In consequence of these representations of the
Secretary, and of his in«tructions to the commission- ;
er>, our company remained satisfied," j
In Januaty the same commissioners—I be- !
lieve they were the same—were sent out to ;
examine the Centra! Pacific railroad, and to
examine this very question again, and while
they were out. and before any communication
was received from them, bonds to the amount
ol $2,400,000 were issued to the Central Pacific.
Why did they not wait until the commissioners
had reported" the result of their examination? ;
These bonds were issued on the 3d of March, ,
as I am informed. At that very time, on that II
very da}-, the Union Pacific railroad were, with j;
their completed track, within eight miles of j!
Ogden, and the said Central Pacific were not || __
nearer with their completed track than one bun- !; ing
dred and eighty miles. I call the attention of 1
Senators to these facts. At the lowest figure
the Central Pacific were one hnndred and
i-i-hty miles from Ogden with their completed
track.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator state
that the Union Pacific had completed their
tiack within eight roties of Ogden?
Mr. THAYER. Yes. sir; I do.
Mr. STEWART. Onthe located line?
Mr. THAYER. On the 3d of March, as I
it'll inhumed by the engineer of the road and
by in hers who lm\e been over it.
'Mr. STEWART. Have you not been in-
fill ined that a portion of it was a temporary
track?
Mr. THAYER. No, sir. I know that it
may be said, that to avoid a tunnel they went
aroundadetcurofseven miles; but the commis-
sioners would have been obliged to accept that
if the company bad asked them to do so; but
by this time that tunnel is completed, and my
friend from Nevada cannot raise that point. I
say there was a completed road to within eight
miles of Ogden on the 3d of March; and even
if they went around a tunn«l it was a road
within the meaning of the law. It is not strange
in the building of a railroad that the company
should sometimes go around a deep tunnel in
order to have more time to build through it.
All roads have done that. The Pennsylvania
Central, the Baltimore and Ohio, and other
roads have done it. But, sir. 1 assert, and 1 do
it by authority, that that detour was itself a
part of the road which the commissioners would
have been obliged to accept; but, I repeat, the
road is completed by this time through the
tunnel.
Now, air, as my honorable friend from New
York has referred to a Cabinet meeting, I will
state a fact which I have learned. 1 do not
know it of my own knowledge. This subject
was up in Cabinet meeting, and General Scho-
field hearing of it protested against the issue of
these bonds, and as the result of that protest
$1,000,000 of bonds were retained. Whether
what takes place in Cabinet has anything to do
with this question or not I will not say. Whether
the opinion of the late Attorney General was
taken or not is a matter of no consequence to
me. It does not affect the question here : that
is, if the chairman of the Committee ou the
Pacific Railroad feels bound to press this
; amendment fixing the point of meeting. Let it
be understood that we are not here, those of us
who take the views that 1 do, for that purpose.
I do not ask it. 1 do not want legislation on
that point, because there is a controversy
between two parties, and it would be absolute
injustice to attempt to settle it between them
in the abseuce of the necessary information.
Therefore! my friend from Ohio proposes the
only practicable mode to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to select five disin-
terested persons who have not the slightest
interest or connection with either road, and let
them go upon the ground and investigate and
report to the President of the United States.
I am willing to leave it to such asettlement. I
am surprised that ray fiiend from Michigan is
not willing to do it. Is he afraid to trust the
President of the United States? Let me tell
htm the President will not, m my judgment,
shiink from that duty. It is a plain duty. That
is a recourse which is often had m legislation.
I have observed frequently that where there is ,
a dispute, a controversy about which legisla-
tion is desired here, it is lefc to the President
of the United States to determine in the most
practicable mode. This amendment proposes
the very mode which should commend it to the
unbiased judgment of every Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. MORRILL. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the pending amendment in section two, line
four, by striking out the words " upon the
general route already approved" and insert-
ing " according to the legal rights of the re-
spective roads :'! so that that portion of the
section will read:
That the President of the United States is hereby
authorized to hx the point of janethm ot the Union
Pacific lailroad and the Central Paciiie raurojvd
According to the legal ji?his ot the respective roads,
and for unit purpose ho is authorized, if ho deem* H
expedient, to appoint aboard of eminent citizens, Ax*.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the yeas and nays
are called on the amendment, 1 wish to say
one word in regard to it. W st'tiont entering
into the controveited points whicn have arisen
between these two companies in their contest
as to where their roads should unite, I think
the question for ns to determine is what is otir
duty here, representing the Government in
this matter. There is a dispute. Each com-
pany, it seems, wants to build the road over
the intervening ground between the completed
portions of their lines, and each charges
upon the other non-compliance with the law.
It is charged on one side that one company
has improperly, to use no stronger term, un-
dertaken to file a map fixing the location of
the road several hundred miles in advanre of
its completed track, and has obtained a large
amount of money for work claimed to have
been done on this road. The other sideinsist.s
that this map is not filed in accordance with
law ; that this payment of bonds has been im-
properly made: and Congress is called upon
to interpose. We represent the Government
of the United States, that has no other interest
than to have a good road across the continent,
and cares not who builds it, bat wants the road
to be properly built, well built, and each road to
have its rights and nothing more. Now we are
called upon to pass some legislation to protect
the interests of the United States, and not for
each of these companies building a road, side
by side, parallel to each other, and refusing to
unite ; and it is proposed by the pending amend-
ment, as 1 understand it, to leave to the Pres-
ident of the United States to fix the point of
junction of these roads, and there is a clause
in it, "upon the general route already ap-
proved.That is the very point in dispute.
Are we competent to say what the general route
already approved is? I confess 1 am not. I
have not sufficient evidence before me to know
whether what is claimed to be the approved
route is the route that has been approved under
the act of Congress in a way that entitles the
claimants to have the road built upon that
particular location.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will excuse
me for the interruption, 1 think he could not
have heard the letier of the Secretary of the In-
terior read which I presented here in the course
of this debate. There is a direct approval and
consent given to this line in the express terms
of the statute by the proper officer mentioned
in the act, the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ido not regard the ac-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior in connec-
tion with the facts or the allegations—I do not
say that they are facts—in regard to that mat-
j ter as conclusive at all. If the statements are
I true, there is no such approved general route,
: in my opinion. Bat that is a matter that I do
! not propose to go into. I ask, Senators, what
; is our duty? W hat does the safety of the Gov-
j eminent require? ^h&t do the public inter-
' estsrequire? Do they justify us in fixing down
now by statute a particular route, a particular
location? What is it that gentlemen fear? If,
; as my friend from Michigan says, the Secre-
' tary's letter fixes this absolutely and unehange-
i ably, does the proposed amendment alter it ?
| The point is to be fixed by the President of
i the United States according to the legal rights
| of the parties. That is the amendment that is
i now proposed. We have not sufficient inform-
] ationtodecidethatquestion. Somebody should
j decide it. If it is a plain proposition, as sug-
j gested by the Senator from Michigan—and that
j argument I am not going into—that the letter
! of the Secretary of the Interior has fixed irrev-
| ocably and by law the location of the road, the
j President of the United States will not under-
| take to set it aside, nor will the law authorize
' him to set it aside. He is to fix this point
| according to the legal rights of the parties. It
I seems to me that there can be but one safe
|| course tor us. as Senators, to pursue with the
information we have before us, and that, is
" when we leave to the President of the Lmtea
II States to fix the point of junction let hiai fax
it according to the law.
• Mr. HOWARD. I propose to do that; but
: I propose to tell him what the iaw is, also.
" Mr riiUMiiULL. The S'*iiatur from Mich-
igan says lie proposes that the President shall
fix it according to the law, but he proposes to
>' tell him wkafe the iaw is. ii we had all the tacts
