502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April o,
before U3 perhaps the Senate could decide it
as weU as :be President of the United States.
Bat let me appeal to Senators—perhaps tiiey j
have all examined this subject more thoroughly ]
than I have—have you examined the facts in !
the ea-.e and these controverted points so that
you are prepared, as judges, to say that this
location is fixed according to law? If you are
not, then the safe and proper course is, when
we are leaving to the President to fix the poit 
of junction, to sny to him, " Fix it according
to the legal rights of the parties." I trust the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. THUllM AN. I confess my ignorance
of this subject, and it is more for the purpose
of ascertaining a fact than of enlightening any-
body that I wish to say a word or two upon it.
The amendment proposes that the President
shall fix the junction of these two roads accord-
ing to the legal rights of the parties. If I un-
derstand the amendment, that obviously seems
to be right; but it assumes that the parties
have legal rights. Here, for instance, is a ,
claim that the Central Pacific road has a legal
right to construct its road to a place called
Ogden. The Union Pacific claims that it has
a right to construct its road to some place
beyond Ogden. Now, which is the truth, or I
is there tiny place that either road has a legal j
right to say is the point o( junction ? buppose '
itshouid be found that thei e was no place which
eitherhad alegal right to insist upon, as against
the other, as the point of junction according to
the legal rights of the parties; suppose it should
turn out that that is undetermined, so that
neither party can say, " J his is the point of
junction according to the legal rights of both '!
parties," what then is the President to do? I |!
submit if, as I understand, Congress has the ||
plenary power of repeal or amendment of these j!
charters, is it not best to give some tribunal or >j
somebody an absolute right to fix the point of
junction irrespective of any legal rights what- jj
soever? I only make the inquiry. j|
Mr. SHERMAN. In my judgment, in reply jj
to ray colleague, the language of the amend- jj
ment if left as it is will give to the President jj
undoubtedly the right to fix the point of junc- j!
tiou ; and if either road has a legal right, by
reason of the filing of maps or anything of that
kind, as a matter of course that legal right will
control the decision. In the absence of any
supposed legal right I agree with him neither
ot these parties has any legal right to go any |
place one step beyond their completed route. :
That is my opinion. The President of the !
United States, as a matter of course, will fix
it under the language as it stands.
Mr. TH HUMAN. It seems to me that the
language that the President shall have power
to fix the point is undoubtedly limited by his
first ascertaining that the companies have a
right to go to that point and not to another;
that is, to unite at that point. It strikes me
so ; but if there is no such point, then what is
to be done?
Mr. COLE. It seems to me these words
which are incorporated in the amendment now
pending, "subject to the legal rights of the
parties,"' are calculated to mislead in this mat-
ter. There is a tribunal by which the legal
rights of parties can be determined. They are
usually determined by appeals to the courts, and
the executive department of the Government
executes the Jaw after it has been declared by
the courts. The proper tribunal, therefore, it
seems to me, to determine what the legal rights
ate, is another branch of the Government than
that to winch by this resolution it is proposed
to submit this question.
I regret exceedingly that this controversy
has arisen between the two companies engaged
in the construction oi this great national work.
I wi.-h it could hare been avoided, and I think
it is not now a serious obstacle ia the way of
the completion of the-great enterprise. My j
desin; has always been mat the two companies j
should nif-e1 at the great halt-way house across 1
the continent, bait Laky Cil}, or as near tnero '
as any pjint wil! be reached' by the route that j!
has be.eu selected. There is great propriety
in this. If they could meet there it would
result in great public advantage. The present
! attempt on the part of the two companies, the
j one to go to Ogden and the other to go further
j west, would defeat this end, which, in my judg-
j ment, is very much to be desired iu connection
with this work.
'1 liese companies have been very differently
situated in many respects. The company work-
ing from the Pacific coast had many and very
great obstacles in their way at the outset. They
had at the very beginning of their enterprise
to surmount the Sierra Nevada mountains. It
took them a very long time, and they exhibited
most extraordinary energy in overcoming that
obstacle. They spared no means, they forbore
no expenditure of money, to surmount that
very high range of mountains. But after they
had passed those mountains their course was
comparatively smooth until they reached the
point that is now under contention. It was
quite the reverse so far as the company work-
ing from the Mississippi valley was concerned.
The easiest portion of their route was the first
portion. They had no obstacle whatever to
encounter until they were five or six hundred
miles beyond their initial point. Then thev
came to a range of mountains to the extent o?
several hundred miles, through which they must
build their road. If I am correctly informed—
iind ! have sought information on this subject—
1 believe they have not exerted themselves with
so much good faith in building their roa.d over
that difficult portion as has been exhibited by
the company coming from the Pacific side. It
is alleged that some portion of the Union
Pacific road is not completed as it should be
in order to make a continuous line. It has
been stated in the discussion here to day that j
they had undertaken to evade a tunnel. It is >
stated that the tunnel has since been com
pleied, but the road was built around it in
order that they might, hurry on over the mount-
ainous portion of their route and advance upon
the easy portion over which the Central Pacific
were engaged in building a road. If I am not
mistaken, therefore, tiie Union Pacihc railroad
have not acted wilh all that reference to the
public interest in building over this mountain
region that has been exhibited on the part of
the road that started from the Pacific side.
Now, sir, there has been interruptions to
trade and travel, and to the mails passing over
these routes. Daring the month of February
the mails were detained for I think nearly four
weeks, because of obstructions of snow over
the mountainous portions of the road belonging
to the Union Pacific ; and they are obstructed
now. We have had no maits from California
for a number of days: and these interruptions
are occurring from time to time because the
Union Pacific road have not taken as much
pains -to overcome these obstacles of snow as
have been taken by the company coming from
the west. The company coming from the
Pacific Side have built very stout snow-sheds
over their toads to the extent of twenty-five or
thirty miles in order to prevent interruptions
from that cause, if I a>n correctly informed,
no adequate effort has been made on the part
of the Unioa Pacific Company to overcome
this obstacle of snow along their lines. I am
told by passengers who have been detained on
the road, and had an abundant opportunity to
observe it, that the depth of snow over this
mountain region of the Union Pacific road is
only an inch or two inches upon the level, and
yet the little drifting that results from that
very small fall of snow has obstructed the
travel and the m^ils on that line. It is some-
thing that I can hardly account for. On the
contrary, the company that have built their
road over the Sierra Nevadas, having to en-
counter a depth of from twenty-five to thirty
feet of snow, managed with commendable
energy to overcome that difficulty,
Mr. President, I am very anxious for the
interests of both sides of the continent, as I
believe, certainly for the interests of thy Pa-
cific side, that these roads shall unite at this
gieat half-way house at Salt Lake Oitv. or the
point nearest to that. I do not know what
exertions have been made by either the one
company or the other to pass beyond that point
in the one direction or the other; but I am
assured, and certainly I believe, that the Cen-
tral Pacific Company are exerting themselves
in good faith, and will build up to this central
point, to this proper point of junction, in the
smallest possible period of time. 1 am informed
they have their materials there, and that the
grading has been nearly completed, and the
construction of the road is going on. I am
further informed that the proper Department
of the Government has recognized their right
to build their road to the city of Ogden, and
that they have received the aid from the Gov-
ernment which was authorized by law for the
building of the road to that point. Now, if the
Union Pacific Railroad Company seek a rem-
edy for any alleged grievance, let them resort
to the courts. They can give a proper construc-
tion of the law; and the courts are the proper
tribunal to whom to submit a legal question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on agreeing to the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SIEVVART. Before that voteistaken
I have a lew suggestions to make. I call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that we have
got before us a matter which should not be
lightly treated. The original joint resolution
appears to have been lost sight of. I think it
should be taken into view in connection with
the whole tranbaciion. Before there is any vote
in detail upon amendments 1 think it important,
that the Senate should have before it the propo-
sition which is asked by the Union Pacific
Railroad Company. I hold in my hand thy
! joint resolution as it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives. I think it is a legislative curios-
ity. It is the most remarkable thing I ever
l saw: and before 1 am through I may be able
j to assign some reasons or to call the atte'irion
of the Senate to the state of facts which hcts
produced such lemarkable results as these. I
ask the Clerk to read as a part of my remarks
the original resolution, because it is a better
speech, perhaps, than any Senator here iscapa-
hie of making on the subject, i think it is
the most remarkable proposition thai i ever
heard of.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution for the protection of the interests
of the United States ri cue Union Pacific ilailroad
Company, and tor other purposed.
Whereas the- proceedings of tho regular annual
meeting ot tbe stockholder of the Cuion Pacific
Railroad Company, convened in theoity of Nwy Yoi k
on thelOthday of March, 1869, were interrupted by an
exparte injunction L-sued by ajustice of tnesuprerne
court ot the cStatw of hlvw i'ork before tne business
ot said meeting was concluded and before the time
for closing its polls; and whereas the Government
of the United States is largely interested in the proper
management oi tho ajfa.ua of said company, ana in a
strict observance and proper administration ot tho
laws oiganizmg and governing the same; and whereas
embarrassing legal questions may uri.-e as to tne
validity of the aen or ttie meeting intenupted as
aforesaid: Taerefore.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represe.nta-
Uoesofthe United Htutesoj America m Coiipi eia luif m-
oledy Xhat tuosatd meeting ot the stockholders of said
company mentioned iu the preamble to thL< resolu-
tion bo, and the same is hereby, declared to have
been lawfully convened and organized, and that toe
rS «rUtions adjourning tho same to moot id tho city
iQ/Mx s jl5gt0D 0D '1'uursday. the 18th day of Maien,
1809, and fixing the city of Boston as the place mr
holding the annual meeting ot tbe htoekbofders tor
the year 1870, be, and the same aie hereby, declared
valid and of full lawful force; and tne i atd
holdera, when convened m said adjourned meeting
m the city ot Washington, as afoiesaid, oi at any
adjourned meetiug theieof to be held within one
inontu.and at \\ astiington or Bos'on. ate heteb> it-
Quired. to elect a board ot directors tor said company
tor this year and until their successor Miah nave
been elected and qualified, and they may then trans-
act such other business as they are required to no or
may lawfully do; and eveiy stockholder aUu eh meet -
ing snail ho entitled in person «;r bv proxy to i i-t
one vote ior each share ot stock lawtuily held by Mm
and standing in his name on the book.* of the eo-n-
pany on the 1st day ot March, 1869; and any and ail
fif..u:S1<WV0P at !i,° s:l'd meeiitii? ot (he
lutn ot March, 18o9, which Weie given on or since tne
1st day  r{ {"jeprember, 18«j8, and none oinerN shuli be
*ood and valid «t i he adjou> ned meeting i<. be h« Id
on tne IStn day oi Mai en, lb<and at an j  d wiuti-
incut thereof, and may be used thereat with the
same eflect a* they could have been used at the
meeting of the It'tb or March, lKC'i, but nothing in
