1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
o03
this resolution sbiill bo construed to affect or limit
the right of any stockholder who has given any proxy
to vote 011 his stock in person or bis right to revoke
his proxy by giving one of later date or otherwise;
but the right of every stockholder thus to vote for
himself or to fo revoke his proxy previously given is
hereby fully affirmed and established: And provided
further, That on the election of directors herein
provide ' for the term of office of all other persona
then noting or claiming the right to act as directors
of said company, except the Government directors,
shj.i! cease iind determine: And provided further,
That (lie board of directors of theUuion PacificRail-
r.itiii Company shall have power, whenever in their
j udginent the interests of the Company or of the (Jov-
errnnent of the United States may require it, to re-
move the general office of said company and all its
books, papers, and effects from the city of New York
to either of the eitiesof Boston, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Chicago, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Council Bluffs,
or Omaha, and in no manner shall a free exercise of
said judgment and removal be restrained: Andpro-
vided further, That 110 court other than a United
States circuit or district court shall have power
or jurisdiction to enjoin "any of the acts in this
resolution authorized, or to appoint a receiver for or
011 account ot any of the rights, property, assets, ef-
I'-ctt, or interests of the said Union Pacific liailroad
Company m any case in which the defense rests on.
the Constitution or any law or treaty of the United
States; and all actions in any court whatsoever in
conflict with this clause of the resolution shall, on the
application of the said Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or of any person interested therein as a bona
Jide stockholder, be removed to the United States
district or circuit court having jurisdiction in the
district within which said action or actions may
arse, which said application to remove may be made
directly to said United States district or circuit court,
and the joining of other parties as defendants with
the said company shall not affect the right of said
company to make such application or its right to
have such cause or causes removed as aforesaid: And
provided further, That the annual meetings of the
stockholders of said Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, after the meeting provided us aforesaid to be
lieM in the city of Boston in the year 1870, may be
tu-id in either of the cities of Boston, Baltimore,
Philadelphia, Washington, Cincinnati, Chicago,
Omaha, or St. Louis, as may be determined by the
said stockholders at their next preceding annual
meeting,
Mr.STEWART. Mr. President,this extraor-
dinary measure must have emanated from some
extraordinary stateof facts. I acknowledge that
when this resolution came into the Senate I
sympathized with the forebodings of the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spragce.] Here is
a great corporation, in the first place, asking
Congress to place it on wheels; to send it all
over the country. In the next place, it asks
Congress to exempt it from the jurisdiction of
the court5, to confer upon it special privileges.
If there is anything clear in law, if there is
any rule of law that has been determined since
the foundation of the Government, it is that a
corporation, 110 matter whether the Govern-
ment holds stock in it or not, is subject to all
the incidents of every other corporation. It
was claimed on the part of the United States
Bank that because the Government of the
United States was the large;-t stockholder it
could be taken out of the Mate courts: that
it could be endowed with certain extraordinary
privileges; but Chief Justice Marshall took
hold of that question, and laid down the law
in a manner that has never been doubted
until now.
By this resolution the House of Representa-
tives propose to endow the Union Pacific road
with rights above all the laws of the States,
and not only that, but to allow it to travel all
over the United States ; to give it a roving
commission, and to liberate it from the opera-
tion of the State courts. If the Government
of the United States can establish such a cor-
poration for one purpose they can for all pur-
poses, and you have no United States at all.
The power exists in the General Government
to carry on everything by one corporation, if
this resolution be constitutional, I donotsup-
pose there is a lawyer in this body who does
not know that this joint resolution is flagrantly
against the Constitution,
Why are we called upon for this extraordi-
nary legislation ? Since the formation of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company we have
given it some legislation in this very direction.
UV a joint resolution when they had
an'ithei election tip. The Union Pacific road
giit into a difficulty in 1S67, and they came to
Coni'.n ss for relief, and Congress passed this
li'MjiutiOll :
" lie 11 ymlred, ,(>■., Thnt the time of holding the
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Union ij between Oakes Ames, of North Easton. Masi&cha-
Paeific Railroad Company for the choice of directors ;| setts, party of the first part, the parties hereto,
is hereby changed from the first Wednesday in Octo-'! parties of" the second part, and. the Credit Mobilier
ber to the first Wedneeday following the 4ih day of \ i of America, a party of the third part, but tho said
March, and the stockholders are authorized to de- ;' shares and proportion of the said party so in default
f At>minA f rtn nt twiitAn ennn inmtnl 1 1 Vta tl,/. ^ C M  J LA     —  
termine tbe place at which such annual meeting
shall be held afc the last annual meeting1 of tbe stock- i
holders immediately preceding such annual meet-:
ing: Provided. The sauie shall be held at cither of >
shall become the property of and be divided among
tbe said several remaining parties for whose benefit
said trusts in said agreement are declared.
In witness whereof the said parties have hereunto
the cities of New York, Washington, Boston, Balri- subscribed their names this day and year first above
more, Philadelphia,Cincinnati,Cbioago.'orSt.Louis: d written,
 *  OLIVER AMES.
J0H3T B. ALLEY,
CORNELIUS S. BUSH5F.LL,
SIDNEY DILLON,
H. S. McCOMB,
And provided Jurther, That on the election ot direct-
ors herein provided for, to take place in March, A. D. !i
1868, the terms of office of all persons then acting or !
claiming the rightto act as directors of said company ';
shall cease and determine." :
THOMAS C. DURANX,
B. E. BATES.
Signed, scaled, and executed in presence of
CHARLES BELL.
In order to let them get a fair start oa that j
occasion we fixed a day for the election. They i>
said that wasnot enough, and, at their request, !i
we legislated out of office all parties who were i
then in office on that given day. They were
not satisfied -with that. They got into law-
suits, and then came to Congress iu July, 18o8? • correct copy of the original memorandum of*agree
and said that somebody wag going to eat them \\ ment signed and executed by the said parties on the
State of Nkw York,
CUy and county of Aew Yorkt
I hereby certify that tbe foregoing 5.- a true and
up directly unless they could get a law passed
to take them out of these horrid State courts;
and in the last days of the session Congress;
did actually pass this very remarkable law, the J
constitutionality of which is very doubtful: j
44 That any corporation, or any member thereof, :
other than a banking corporation, organized under
a law of the United States, and against which a suit.
at law or in equity has been or may be commenced j
in an3* court other than a circuit or district court of >
the United States for any liability or alleged liability ;
of such corporation, orany member thereof, as such ■
member, may have such suit removed from the court,
in which it may be pending to the proper circuit or }
district court of the United States upon filing a peti- '
tion therefor, verified by oatb, either before or after :
issue joined, statin? they have a defense arising under t
or by virtue of toe Constitution of the United States,
or any treaty or law of the United States, and offer-!
ing good and sufficient surety for entering in such ■
court on the first day of its session copies of all pro- ,
cess, pleadings, depositions, testimony, and other
proceedings in said suit, and doing such other appro- j
priate acts as are required to be done by the act en-
titled 'An act for the removal of causes in certain ,
cases from State courts/ approved July 27,1865; and
it shall be thereupon the duty ot tbe court to accept •
the surety and proceed no further in the suit; and
the said copies being entered as aforesaid in such
court of tbe United States, the suit shall then pro-
ceed in the same manner as if it bad been biought
there by original process; and all the provisions of
said act in tbis section referred to respecting any
bail, attachment, injunction, or other restraint
16th day of October, 1867, now exhibited to me.
Witness my hand and official seal, this 8th day of
February, 1865.
. [l. s.J DANIEL W. GILLETT,
Notary Public New York city and county.
Mr. STEWART. I have on my desk an
ornamental looking document with the name
of James Fisk on it in large letters. I never
saw James Fisk, bat it is alleged that he is a
great rascal, and that it is very important to
get this work out of his hands. I believe that
has been the universal testimony that I have
heard about these lobbies, and about these
halls, in fact, and in the Senate Chamber. I
have heard that constantly. I presume other
Senators have heard the same thing, and it is
very likely true. Common report is sometimes
very good evidence in a case of this kind, and
for the purpose of my argument I have no dis-
position to question that fact. It is also stated
that the court before which James Fisk has
sought to arraign the Union Pacific Railroad
Company is a very rascally court. I do not
know tba*. I have any occasion to question that
fact. However, I see nothing in these proceed-
ings tending to warrant such a conclusion, i
have looked them through, and I do not see
anything unusual in the proceedings if the
process, and respecting any bond of indemnity ori; allegations which he makes have any degree
other obligation given upon the issuing or granting0f trutk jn them. But, notwithstanding all
of any attachment, injunction, or other restraining ;| , , ,, /. *Qta
process, shall apply with like foree and effect in all'! that, it may be well for Congress to take JuC*i
respects to similar matters, process, or things in the ' cial cognizance of the fact that Judge liarnaru
suits for the removal of which this act provides." ; a thief, and legislate upon that hypothesis.
This was passed at the instance and for the < although the record, as it comes to us, does not
~ l - r 11. _ ! .   1 ) « ^ k 13 a . 1 ^ ^ h h a       . t .. a tk.   • u t a.-s v  y\ *r  at 
benefit of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
! Xow, why are they in these difficulties'? I
I have in my hand a paper which will illustrate
; the beginning of this trouble. As they are
calling upon Congress for this extraordinary
legislation. I desire to have this paper read;
and I wish to call especial attention to this
document, for I do believe that in this con-
contain anything that cast3 any imputation
upon the character of the judge.
What, on the contrary, does this rascal Fisk
allege before this rascally court? He alleges
ihat there was a conspiracy between a certain
lot of people, styling themselves the Credit
Mobilier, a "ring'1 inside of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, to swindle all the world
troversy the dignity and honor of Congress and , pretty near : and he makes out a strong case,
of the country are more or less involved. I ■ His hrst allegation is—-and it is one of the
ask for the reading of the document which 1 ] leading allegations in this case, and itis stated
send to the Chair. j' everywhere, in the public prints and in the
The Chief Clerk read as follows: reports of the commissioners—that the Credit
"Memorandum of agreement made this 16th day i' Mobilier has made very large dividends, enor-
of October, 1867, between Ttiomns C. Durant, Oliver :! mous dividends. I believe the Credit Mohieier
Ames, John B. Alley Sidney flillon Couielms S. i; ; themselves admit that fact. Thej are
BushneH, Henry b. Mcuomb, and Benjamin k>. Bates,   * r . e,,, AAA AAri. ©i r aaa rvnn
witnesseth as follows: I put as high as $30,000,000; $lo.000,000 in
The undesigned, being the owners of shares and II stock. One of the company. 1 believe, testified
hold " '  --- ----i.-
Ut
alter to hold other shares and proxies   r
therein, for the protection ot our mutual interests i stock made through the Credit Mobilier. i
and the interests, ut our constituents, do hereby | cou}u not get at the exact dataas to the amount
nuituallv agree each v. ifh the other at any and every ,j ^ & , j t_ , a* *- *
^ - -- - - i — *• tt. . ot Government bonds ; but the profits ot that
election'of directors v>f the Union Pacific Railroad
Company to vote upon the shares ot stock then
standing in oui own names respectively and upon ;
such shares as we hold or may hereafter hold proxies >
thevolor ior such persons as directors of the said ,j
Union Pacific Railroad Company as may be nomin-
a ted at or before each annual stockholder's meet- 1
irg of said company bv a majority ot' ihe then exist- ,
ins board of directors notai>i)omted by the President
ot the United States, and no others; and in failure '
of such nomination tor .my reason hy the said ex- f
istingr board of the Union Pacific Ilaiiroad Company
we then agree to vote for tbe reelection of the elected .
members of the then existing board. It x-s lurthvr
agreed that in ease any one or more uf paities
hereto fails or neglocts to perform and stand to any
of the agreements and covenants herein contained
that be shall not be entitled to or claim Any benefit
or ri^h* under or by virtue of any ol the trusts or ;
agreements contained in a certain memorandum of |
nvreement heretofore made and included fry and •
concern have been enormous. Mr. Fisk alleges
that he is a stockholder of the road, and that
this "ring"' inside have absorbed the profits,
and he wants an account made to show his
share of the profits. Hessserts that the Credit
Mobilier have made contracts with themselves,
being also the trustees of tbe Union Pacific roai,
so as to absorb the entire Government bounty.
and have made dividends among themselves.
Fisk is a very impudent man. He even goes
so far as to charge that members ot Congress
are interested in this thing. I have heard it
stated that leading members o£ Congress,
jucmbeiv# of ffie Oomnnttee on tnc \ ucific
Railroad in the House, were not only in the
