504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Union Pacific, but in this identical Credit Mo-
bilier, and were the recipients of enormous
dividends; and 1 have not heard it denied.
It is further stated that for that very reason the
thing never would be investigated; and it is
said, "You want to take it out of the courts;
you want to stifle investigation everywhere."
Are we quite prepared to place Congress in
that situation if there ig anything wrong about
this matter ? There may be something wrong.
Before we pass any law on the subject we should
know that it is farther alleged by Fisk, and it
is alleged in the public prints also, that this
Credit Mobilier, using the Union Pacific rail-
road, has made further contracts incumbering
the road—coal contracts and other contracts
lapping ahead.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to ask the honor-
able Senafbr who compose the Credit Mobilier 1
Can he give -is the names?
Mr. STEWART. I do not know them. I
know some of them. This paper discloses
some of them, I believe. I do not know them
all. Fisk proposes to let us know them if we
let him alone; but that is not very material.
I say it is alleged that they are incumbering
the road with contracts ahead for their own
benefit. It is stated in a Government report
before me that the Union Pacific road requires
$(5,000,000 more to complete it.
Now, it may be that the Government has an
important interest in this ; and how? I want
to call the special attention of Congress to the
way the Government interest comes in. I do
not care so much about the making of these
dividends; I do not care if they have had a
good premium, provided the Government gets
a good road, provided it is in hands thai do
not become insolvent. I have heard it stated
that this Union Pacific Company was liable to
become insolvent any day, and stated by Sen-
ators, too, who pretended to know something
about it. \Vhat would be the result in case
they should become insolvent? Suppose this
Credit Mobilier should make contracts ahead,
should get so largely in debt, managing as it
does this whole concern, that the road should
become insolvent, what situation would the
Government be in then? At the instance of a
gentleman who sits near ine, [Mr. Ames,] I
voted in 18(io for a bill he was then urging.
It was the first time I sver met him. The
proposition was that we could not get the road
built unless we allowed the Government's lien
to be a second lien, and allowed ihe company
to issue first mortgage bonds. He says 1 am
mistaken. Then 1 will take it all back.
I was in favor of that bill, and had a conver-
sation with him on the subject. At the instance
of the Union Pacific railroad certainly this
was done by Congress; and I know it was urged
upon me before I got here that the road could
not be completed unless we allowed the com-
pany to issue their own first mortgage bonds
and gave their bonds precedence over the Gov-
ernment bonds. We did that in February,
180i, I think ; changed the law of 1804 so that
the bonds of the company have precedence
now. _ If the company shall become insolvent
what is to be the result ? These first mortgage
bonds will be foreclosed and the Government
lien cnt off. The Government only lent this
money, and the companies agreed to pay it back.
If it be true that they have made these enor-
mous dividends, if it be true that they have
been mixed up with the Credit Mobilier in an
unfortunate manner, there should be something
more done than to pass a law allowing them to
change their place of busiuess. There should
be something furtherdone. I think the Presi-
dent of the United States should be authorized
to appoint all the dueetors until this matter is
understood. Let him appoint the whole num-
ber; let them take charge of it until the con-
dition of the company is understood. These
allegations of Fislc may be all-false; these
enormous dividends may not have been made ;
these advance contracts may not have been
made; Fi&k does not come to us well indorsed;
but his allegations stand unchallenged, and if
the company is insolvent, as is alleged, then I
say it is the duty of this Congress to place men
in charge of it until the affairs of the company
can be investigated. I am not in favor of Jim
Fisk having charge of it; I am not in favor of
denying the. State courts jurisdiction of the
matter; but I ain opposed to this scheme of
placing the company on wheels so that it can
dodge the courts of justice.
I think it an unfortunate thing that these
directors should be contractors, that they should
be interested in the Credit Mobilier, because
this Credit Mobilier was manifestly gotten up to
avoid the law, and to manage the whole con-
cern, and I think we are resting upon an un-
fortunate support when we allow the Credit
Mobilier of America in New Y ork, an irrespons-
ible concern, to manage this great enterprise.
If sueh gentlemen as Mr. Ames, who sits near
me, had their responsible names connected
with these contracts and these transactions ;
if they were individually responsible for the
dividends they have shared, they have abun-
dant means and could make it good ; but if
there is danger of an irresponsible corporation
dealing out the proceeds of the bounty of the
Government till it makes the Union Pacific
Company insolvent and endangers the lien of
the Government, we should pause in our legis-
lation and study well its character. I would
go as far as any man could ask me to go to
protect the interests of the Government; nor
would I injure any man who has invested in
the Pacific railroad ; but the character of the
charges is such that if they should prove true,
who will say that there is no danger of the first
mortgage bonds being foreclosed so as to cut
off the iien of the United States? And if that
should occur in consequence of thecompany's
having made too large dividends or unfortunate
contiacts, who will say that Congress will not
be-held responsible for it?
I simply in this matter wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the exact situation, and I
do think that if there is to be any change, if
we are to legislate to change the board of
directors, we should take hold of it on the
ground that the interest of the Government is
really at stake, and place it in the hands of men
appointed by the President direct, temporarily
until it can be ascertained how tiie thing stands.
A word now as to the question of the junc-
tion of the two roads. There are several things
that enter into the merits of that question.
Of course it is desirable that the junction be
fixed where it will be for the general interest
of all concerned ; it is desirable that it shall be
at a convenient place if there be such a place ;
a place that will enable it to connect with the
trade of the great valley of the Salt Lake, and
with coal and water, if there be such a place
it is desirable that the junction should be made
at that place; and it is not fair that either com-
pany should have an undue advantage of the
other in keeping them away from coal or keep-
ing them away from the trade incident to a con-
venient junction of the two roads.
There are several tilings to be taken into con-
sideration in judging of the merits of this ease,
ihe eastern hue of road had an unexpectedly
easy time. It was supposed that they would
have trouble in crossing the Rocky mountains,
and that the western end would have trouble
in crossing the Sierra Nevada mountains. It
was supposed that the obstacles were about
equal in the track of both; and consequently
the law provided that on the plains on either
side they should receive $10,000 a mile and
twenty alternate sections of land on each side
of the road. In crossing the Rocky mountains
the Union company was to have for one hun-
dred and fifty miles S'18,000 a mile in bonds,
the Central Pacific for the same distance over
the Sierra Nevada §-18,000 a mile. The space
between the Sierra Nevada and the Rocky i
mountains was fixed at §32,000 a mile. It so jj
happened that on the eastern end, from Omaha i
to Salt Lake, they found a remarkably easy |l
giade. I hat was fortunate for the Govern- ji
ment, because the road was more valuable ; it H
was an exceedingly fortunate circumstance'for jl
the Union Pacific railroad. It left an immense '1
surplus, which was unexpected. Surveys had
not been prosecuted over that road as accurately
as they had been over the southern route. The
thirty-second parallel had been the favorite
route over which Dr. Gwin and others who
managed this business procured surveys to be
made, so that the central route was left under-
stood. The Sierra Nevada mountains had been
pronounced impassable ; they had been sur-
veyed over and over and pronounced impass-
able for years. Still, this route was adopted
just about the time the war commenced to rage
severely.
The Pacific Central Company commenced
constructing its line to the Sierra Nevada. It
met there all the obstructions that were antici-
pated. It was required in going about one
hundred miles to ascend^seven thousand feet
perpendicularly. It was required to construct
its line through thirty miles of snow-drift that
falls each winter from nine to twenty feet deep.
It was required, in order to pass these mount-
ains, to build a large number of tunnels and
to do an immense amount of stone-work. It
was a very doubtful matter whether it would
get over the mountains at nil. it was thought
by many it could not. Even after it bad gone
on two years, half the neighbors living along
the line said the thing could never be accom-
plished. They worked three years in those
mountains, in the mean time, the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company built on the plains some
four or five hundred miles. Then a race ensued
between the two companies. Both companies
were trying to get the subsidy, no doubt about
that, and a race ensued. The Union Pacific
set the example of building rather a meagre
road, as shown by the reports. 1 do not think
any one will question what the Central Pacific
did over the Sierra Nevada mountains. Any
one who will go and look at it, see the stone-
work, the excavations, and the tunnels through
the hardest mineral rock you ever saw, and
then thirty miles of sheds of large timber over
the track, will not pretend that that work was
slighted ; but when they came on to the ground
where it was easier to build, they found tne
Union Pacific coming along with a certain kind
of road that was accepted by the Government.
They then commenced to build as last as mey
could, as a matter of course. In 18jJ  e
passed a law to bring these roads logeiln-r,
which 1 think settles the question beyond any
perauveiiture. It wa3 anticipated then th.it a
difficulty of the kind now presented inignt
some time arise when the two companies would
refuse to meet, and very wisely Congress pro-
vided for it beforehand.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senator from Nevada
will yield the floor, I desire to move that tne
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. SI'E WART. I give way.
bill inikudlced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, Jeave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. Ii. No. 61) extending the time
for the completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed,
reports op committees.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the select Com-
mitteeon the Removal of Political Disabilities,
reported a bill (S. No. 259) to remove polit-
ical disabilities from certain persons ; winch
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HOWE. J'iie Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution i II.
R. No. 4) relating to steamboats and other
vessels owned in the_ loyal Slates, have in-
structed nie to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage. If ihere is
no objection 1 should like to have it acted upon
at the present time. It is in reference to set-
tling &a8:i,u00 worth of claims for steamers
taken by the Government from northern nicu
during the war,
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
