1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
ing said lands and having made improvements
thereon, or the heirs-at-law of such, who is a
citizen of the U nited States, or who has declared
his intention to become such, shall be entitled
to purchase the land so occupied and improved
by him, not, to exceed one hundred and sixty
acies in each case, at the price of $2 50 per
acie. under such rules and regulations as the
Secietary of the Interior shall prescribe. It is,
however, provided that the proceeds of such
s.iles shall be applied in accordance with the
provisions between the United States and the
Shawnee Indians proclaimed November 2,1854.
Mr. VAN HORN. Mr. Speaker, the House
passed only a lew moments ago a resolution to
annul a treaty with the Cherokee Indians,
under which lands were to be purchased for
one dollar an acre. Now, I desire to say that
the lands to which the pending resolution has
reference are worth ten times as much as the
lands referred to by the other resolution, yet
both resolutions have the sanction of the same
committee. These lands are in the richest
county in the State of Kansas, and are worth
to day Iron) twenty to thirty dollars an acre.
Mr. CLAliKB. Mr. Speaker, I am very
sorry that my friend from Missouri [Mr. Van
Hohx] was not in the House when the resolu
tion to wliieh he has referred was acted on by
the House. Nevertheless, I believe that the
action taken on that resolution was in accord-
ance with the principles of justice and equity.
So far as regards the present resolution, it
simply provides for tiie sale to actual settlers
of about twenty-two thousand acres of laud,
lying mostly in the county of Douglas, in the
State of Kansas, these lands being known as
the Shawnee absentee lands. The treaty of
18-34 with the Shawnees provided that—
"After all the Shawnees and other persons herein
provided for shall have received their shares of the
two hundred thousand acres of land reserved it is
anticipated that there will still be a residue, and as
there are some Shawnees who have been for years
separated from the tribe it is agreed that whatever
suiplus remains, after provision is made for all pres-
ent members of the tribe, shall beset apart in one
body ot land in compact form under the direction of
the President ot the United States."
In accordance with the provision of the
treaty this body of land was set apart. It was
never occupied by these Indians. Some ten
or twelve years ago it was settled upon as other
public lands of the United States have been
settled upon, and has been occupied ever since.
The treaty further provided in reference to
these absentee Shawnee lands :
"And all such Shawnees as return to and unite with
the tribe within live years from the proclamation of
this instrument shall be entitled to the same quan-
tity of land out ot said surplus, and m the same man-
ner and subject to tiie same limitations and provis-
ions as are hereinbetoremade for those nowmembers
oi the said tribe; and whatever portion ot s.ud sui-
plus remains unassigned after the expiration of said
live years shall bo sold as hereinafter provided. The
proceeds ol all such sales shall be retained in the
Treasury of the United States until the expiration
ot ten years from the proclamation of this instru-
ment, after which time,should said abscntSbawnees
not have returned and united with the tribe, all the
moneys then in the Treasury or that may thereafter
bo icceived therein as proceeds of the sales of suoh
surplus land shad be applied to or invested for sucii
beneficial or benevolentobjectsamong the Shawnees
as the Fiefeident of the United States, after consult-
ing with the Shawnee council, shall determine: and
should any such abM-nt Shawnees return and unite
with said tribe alter the expiration of the period ot
fl\e years hereinbefore mentioned, and before the
expiiation of the said period of ten years, the proper
portion of any of said residue of lands that may taen
remain unsold shall be assigned to such persons; and
if all said lauds have beeu disposed of an equitable
paj ment in money shall be made to them out of the
pioceeds of the said sales."
The five years' limit and the ten years' limit
have expired. These Shawnees have never
returned', or, if they have returned, they have
united with their tribe or never availed them-
selves of this treaty.
It is provided further in this treaty, and it
is also provided in the joint resolution now
befoie this House for its action, that the money
for which this land shall be sold shall be dis-
posed of as thu President of the United States,
on consultation with the council of these In-
dians, shall determine. So this money will be
disposed of as provided by the tieaty.
1 can remind my friend from Missouri that
the object of the joint resolution is as I have
stated it. I hold in my hand the proclamation
of Mr. Lincoln, issued in 18fi3, for the sale of
these lands; and if they had been sold then
they would have been purchased by these set-
tlers for §1 25 per acre instead of .$2 50. This,
therefore, is simply an act of justice and equity
to these settlers. The Indians interested in
the matter have no objection to the passage of
the resolution. I believe, as a matter of jus-
tice, these settlers should be allowed to pur-
chase their lauds for 51 25 an acre instead
of $2 50.
Mr. MAYNARD. How did these settlers
get the lands ?
Mr. CLARKE. Under the provisions t>f the
treaty of 1S54 these lands were not occupied,
because these Shawnee Indians did not ffeturn,
as provided in that treaty, within five years. I
say, therefore, to all intents and purposes these
were public lands. They were advertised to be
sold in 1863, but- in consequence of many of
the settlers at that time being absent in the
Army of the United States the Senators from
the State of Kansas at the other end of the
Capitol went to the Interior Department and
made a request that the sale should be post-
poned until these men had returned from the
Army to their homes.
Mr. VAN HORN. Is not the title to these
lands still in the Shawnee Indians?
Mr. CLARKE. No, sir ; and I am glad that
the gentleman has asked the question. The
treaty provides : " and the said Indians hereby
cede,relinquish, and con vey to the United States
all tracts or parcels of land which may be sold
or are required to be sold in pursuance of any
article of this instrument." I understand by
the treaty of 1854 the title to these lands was
absolutely vested in the United States; and it
was because the title was vested in the United
_ States that Mr. Lincoln issued his proclama-
tion for their sale in 1863. And I repeat again,
if the request had not been made at that time
1 by the congressional delegation from Kansas
! that the sale should be postponed on account
1 of the absence of these settlers in the Army
| these lands would have been sold, as they
| ought to have beeu, and these settlers have
j obtained them at gl 25 per acre instead of
I $2 50 an acre. I regret that my friend, in
i consequence of the action of the House this
j morning on another bill, should stand up and
| oppose a measure so wise and just as this.
; Mr. VAN HORN. The gentleman is mis-
! taken that my opposition has been caused by
. the action on the bill which passed during my
; absence this morning. The title to those lands
was absolutely in the Cherokees, and they were
' lands lying one hundred and one hundred and
■ fifty miles from market 
Mr. CLARKE. I rise to a point of order.
• That is not the subject now before the House,
j Mr. VAN HORN. The title to these lands
j is still in the Shawnee Indians. They have
I a board to look after the rights of absentee
| Indians, and I do not know but they are here
, now looking after the matter. These lands lie,
i according to the gentleman's statement, in
■ Douglas county, the most populous in Kansas,
' with a railroad running through it, and where
Lawrence is located, and are worth from twenty
to forty dollars per acre. Lands no better in
i the Delaware reservation have sold for from
twenty five to thirty dollars per acre,
i I wish to call the attention of the House to
these two propositions from the same commit-
tee, one in reference to Cherokee lands and
the other to Shawnee lands, which are diamet-
i rically opposite to justice and equity,
i Mr". CLARKE. All I have to say is that
this resolution has been examined by the Com
. mitlee uu the Public Lands, and has met their
approval. The Indians have no objection to
it, and it is just and right in itself. I yield to
; the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. JULIAN. I merely wish to say that
. this matter, long in dispute in Kansas, came
! before the Committee on the Public Lands
; recently. We heard fully all sides, every state*
; ment which the parties on one side and the
other saw fit to make, and we came to the
conclusion unanimously that this resolution
ought to pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. Who represented the
Indians and their interest?
Mr. JULIAN. They were represented by
two or three men reputed to be agents and
friends of the Indians, and who I have no doubt
were such. One was Mr. Guthrie, of Kansas,
who was said to be very faithful to t-heir inter-
est as well as his own.
Mr. CLARKE. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARKE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
officers absent without leate.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. No. 48) to drop
from the rolls certain officers absent without
leave ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask that it be put on
its passage.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to d'rop from the rolls Second Lieuten-
ant Daniel Hitchcock, of the seventh cavalry,
and Second Lieutenant William S. Mackay, of
the twenty-ninth infantry, for absence without
leave; and any other officer of the Army now
or hereafter absent without leave for more than
thirty days shall be dropped from the rolls and
shall not be eligible to reappointment.
Mr. GARFIELD. In the absence of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
I will say that this resolution passed the Sen-
ate at the last session, was considered and
agreed upon in the committee of this House,
but was not reached. It is a proper resolution,
and I trust it will pass.
Mr. BROOKS. Suppose that an officer is
in Oregon and he does not get a letter in thirty
davs?
Mr. GARFIELD. The matter was before
the committee, and the documents showed that
these officers were reported for dismissal in
consequence of their own neglect to report
themselves.
Mr. BROOKS. This resolution goes fur-
ther.
Mr. GARFIELD. Wehave hitherto passed
special bills for such cases, but it has been
thought best now to make a general rule that
when an officer shall be absent for thirty days
without leave he shall be dropped from the
1 rolls. 1 do not say that it might not be abused,
but it seems to me that an officer ought always
1 to report within thirty days. I do not object,
i however, if the House desires it, to referring
j this to the Committee on Military Affairs.
| Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I move its refer-
| ence to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
ereebmen's hospitals.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 200) relatiug to Freed-
mati's hospitals; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask to have it put on its
passage.
The bill directs the Commissioner of the Bu-
reau of Refugees, Freedmen. and Abandoned
Lands to continue the freedmeu's hospitals at
; Richmond, Virginia: Vicksburg. Mississippi,
| and in the District of Columbia, including the
I asylum for aged and infirm freedmen ana for
orphau children, provided that the expenses
thereof shall be paid by the Commissioner out
i of moneys heretofore appropriated for the U88
i of the bureau : and provided further that said
' hospitals shall be discontinued as soon as^may
j be practicable in the discretion ol the President
of t.he United States.
■ Mr. SC0FIELD. I think that ought to
