510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
be referred to the Committee on Freedmen's
Affairs.
Mr. SHANKS. I think that is unnecessary.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I would inquire if it is
the purpose of the gentleman from Indiana and
those he represents to continue tins Freedmen's
Bureau forever ?
Mr. SHANKS. Oh, no; I will explain it.
There are only three hospitals provided for in
this bill. The inmates are old and infirm, and
sire really not able to take care of themselves.
The money is already appropriated for the pur-
pose, so that this will make no new draft on the
Treasury ; and the bill provides for the close
of these hospitals as soon as possible.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. Is it the purpose to con-
tinue the Freedmen's Bureau just as long as
there shall bepoorpersous or suffering persons
that need help ?
Mr. SHANKS. No, sir.
Mr. ELDBIDGrE. Is the Government here-
after to have a great poor-house system under
its charge, or are the States to control that
matter?
Mr. SHANKS. I thfnk I can answer the
gentleman's questions satisfactorily. Two of
these hospitals are in the States of Virginia and
Mississippi, where there are no State govern-
ments organized to take charge of these per-
sons. Just as soon as those States shall be in
a condition to take charge of their poor it will
not be necessary any longer for the Government
to keep up these hospitals. But in the mean
time, as a matter of common humanity, it is
necessary that they should be kept up. I move
the previous question. .
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 47. noes 38 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Shanks and
Mr. Ei.db.idge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 36.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
• Mr. RANDALL. I would like to have an
opportunity by general consent of asking the
gentleman from Indiana one or two questions.
There seems to be no restriction in this bill as
to the amount of money appropriated by it.
1 would like to know the probable expend-
iture of money under the provisions of this
bill, and what the expense will be of con-
tinuing for one year longer these hospitals,
which, according to my judgment, should be
taken charge of by the respective States in
which they are located and not by the General
Government?
Mr. SHANKS. I undertook to answer that
question a moment ago The State of Mis-
sissippi and the State of Virginia are not now
in a condition to take care of these persons.
There are in the hospital at Vicksburg, Mis-
sissippi, about one hundred and seventy-five
maimed and old persons who cannot take care
of themselves. 'There are at Richmond, Vir-
ginia, about two hundred, and in this District
about two hundred more. I cannot state ex-
actly how much it may cost to take care of
these nearly six hundred persons during this
time; but it will be about what it has been
costing for some time past. These persons
are not able to take care of themselves, and
this bill only authorizes the Freedmen's Bureau
to continue to care for them. They are not
taking in any new patients at these hospitals.
Mr. TCLDRIDGE. Why not take in others
as well as these ?
Mr. SHANKS. Because there seems to be
a great deal of trouble to get even these taken
care of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot see that that is
any reason.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe the hospital in
the District of Columbia is included in this
bill.
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe the people of
the District of Columbia pay a great deal less
in (he way of taxes than the people of any of
the States do. 'She whole amounr of taxation
in this District is not one per cent, on the val-
uation, while in the States it averages from two
to six per cent. Why should not they take
care of their own poor?
Mr. MAYNARD. If my friend will allow
me, I desire to make a remark in regard to his
statement, because it comes up in various forms
and shapes here every day. This District does
not stand in the same relation to the Govern-
ment that any other part of the Union does,
nor does its population. This is simply the
seat of Government. Whatever people are
here are here because it is the seat of Govern-
ment, and in some way or other they live out
of the Treasury. And if we were to impose
upon them ten times as much in the shape of
taxes ^s wo now impose upon them it would
simply be a tax that would come out of the
Treasury at last. Every dollar that we get in
taxes from this population to put into the
Treasury comes back out of it to the same
population, with the additional expense neces-
sary to carry it through.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to further debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am sorry that no better
answer can be given to my question than the
one given by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. The answer may not be
a good one, but it is a true one.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to move to strike
out that portion of the bill relating to the hos-
pital in this District.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the previous question.
The bill was then read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 44, not voting
65 ; as follows :
YBAS—Messrs. A'lison, Ambler, Armstrong. Ar-
nell, Asper, Bailey, Banks, Beatty. Bingham, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin I?. But-
ler, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke. Amasa Cobb,Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Cowles, Dixon, Dookery, Duval, Ela,
Perriss, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Fitch,Garfield, GilSl-
lan. Hale, Ilawley, Hay, Hoar, Hooper. Hopkins.
Hotoiikiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian, Kelley,
Ketcliam, Kuapp. Lash, Lougbridge, Lynch, May-
nard, MeCrary, Alercur, William Moore, Samuel P.
Moriill, Negley, O'Neill, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Peters, Plielps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Sanford, Sawyer,
Shanks, John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Stevens. Stokes, Stonghton, Taffe, Tanner.
Tillman, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Cadwalader 0.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willams, and Winans—87.
NAYS—Messrs, Adams, Archer, Axtell,Bird, Blair,
Brooks, Burr, Calkin, Cleveland, Orebs, Dickinson,
Eldridge, Eony, Grolladay, Haldeman, Holinan,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr, Knott, Lawrenoe,
Marshall, Mayham.MoCormick, McKeely, Mungen,
Potter, Randall, Beading, Keeves, Bice, Rogers,
ricofield, Slocum, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Auken, Voorhees. Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester, Witchcr, and Woodward—44.
NOT VOTING—Jlessrs.Ames,Beaman, Beck, Ben-
jamin. Bennett, Benton, Biggs, RoderickR. Butler,
■ Cake, Clinton L. Cobb, Cullora, Davis, Dawes, De-
weese,Dickey,Donley, Dyer, Farnsworth, Fox,Getz,
Greene, Griswold, Haight, Harableton.Hamill, Ham-
ilton, Hawkins, Heaton, Hill, Hoag. Alexander H.
Jones, Kelsey, Laflin, Logan, McCarthy, McGrew,
Aloffet, Bliakim II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Mor-
gan, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Niblacli, Orth,
Packer.Poland,Roots, Sargent, Kchenck.Schumaker,
Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Stevenson, Stiles, Strader, Strickland, Townsend,
Van Horn,Van Trump, Ward, Wells, Willard, John
T. WiIsod, and Wood—65.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Poiiter, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed a bill of the House No.
3, to amend an act regulating the tenure of
certain civil offices.
ELBCTtOS CONTEST ELLIOTT VS. IlOGEKS.
Mr, PAINE. I rise to a question of privi- I
lege. On the 1st instant the House referred
to the Committee of Elections an application
lay the contestant in the contested-election case
of Elliott vs. Rogers, in the contested election
case frora the second congressional district of
Arkansas, for leave to withdraw his papers. I
am instructed by the Committee of Elections
to report a resolution, upon which I call the
previous question.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, Tliat James T. Elliott, contestant of the
right of A. A, C. Rojrers to represent the second con-
gressional district of Arkansas in this House, bo per-
mitted to withdraw from tho files of the House all
papers heretofore submitted on behalf of the con-
testant, and that tho Committee of Elections be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the caso
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to recousider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION C.ASE C0Y0DE VS FOSTJBll.
Mr. PAINE. I send to the Clerk's desk a
preamble and resolution which 1 have been
instructed by the Committee of Elections to
report to the House for adoption at thio time:
The preamble and resolution were read as
follows:
Whoreas the Committee of Elections have made
the following regulations, namely:
Regulation* for conducting the contest and taking
testimony in the contested-election cast from th<Aicenty~
fint congressional district of Pennsylvania, to ich/ch
John Covod': and Uenry D. Foster are pai tie*.—iii.ich
of the claimants shall serve upon the other a notice
of the grounds on which ho claims the seat before
June 1, 1869. and an answer to the notice of his op-
ponent before June 20,1869—Said Covode shall Like
his testimony between the 1st and loth days, inclu-
sive, of July, August, and September, 1869; and said
Foster shall take his testimony between tfae l<5th
and last days inclusive of the same months—The
statutory provisions regulating ordinary cases of con-
test shall apply to this case so far as the same are
consistent with these regulations—\ll testimony
shall be transmitted under seal, by the officers before
whom the same shall be taken, to the Clerk of the
House at Washington, so as to be received by said
Cierk before the loch day of October, 1863; before
which day the notices, answers, evidence and ex-
hibits in the case shall be filed with said C.erk—
And the clerk ot the Committee of Elections shall
immediately thereafter ariange the papers, for tho
Public Printer, and cause the same to be printed
before the lstdayot November, 1869—And printed
arguments of the claimants shall be filed with the
Committee of Elections on the first day of next ses-
sion : Therefore,
Unsolved* That the foregoing regulations of the
Committee ot Elections tor conducting the contest
and taking tho lestimouy in the contested-election
case irom the twenty-first congressional district of
Pennsylvania be, and the same hereby are, adopted
by this House.
Mr. WOODWARD. If I have understood
this resolution correctly it provides for filing
the argument of the contestant, but not that
of the respondent.
Mr. PAINE. The arguments of both par-
ties are to be filed on the first day of the next
session.
Mr. WOODWARD. I would like the Clerk
to read again the clause to which I refer.
The Clerk read as follows:
The printed arguments of the claimants shall be
filed with the Committee of Elections.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman will observe
that the word used is "claimants.'' It is in
the plural number.
Tne preamble and resolution were agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted; and also moved that the motiou to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. PAINE. The Committee of Elections,
to whom were referred the contested election
cases from the third and fourth districts of
South Carolina, have directed me to report the
resolution which I send to the Clerk. I sup-
pose it is not improper for me to state that the
committee are unanimous in recommending
the adoption th<-> resolution.
