1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas communication1? have been addressed to
thwUoaxe by tlio board o! State canvassers of the
Stale of South Carolina, consisting of F. L. Cardozo,
secretary of State; Xites G. Parker, treasurer, and
1>. H. Chamberlain, attorney general, relating to the
fli ciioii bold in the third and fourth congressional
districts >'f that Slate on the 3d da}' of November,
A. 1). iooS, and containing the loilowiag statements
among others, namely:
" It is known to the board of State canvassers
that the party to whom the said Reed belongs, by
iiui newspapers in their interest, by the voieeof their
public speakers, and by all the ordinary public agen-
cies employed by political parties, did inaugurate
and deliberately keep up a wholesale system ol pro-
scription, terrorism, and assassination, prior to the
election of the 3d of November, which prevented any
considerable canvass of the third congressional dis-
trict, whieh overawed vast numbers of Kepubliean
voters, and prevented anything liko a tree expres-
sion of political opinion throughout the saiddistrict.
" It will perceived that the 'oregoing evidenee
discloses a widespread and organized system of ter-
roiisui and violence of ail kinds, extending even to
murder mid assassination, with the obvious deM?n
on the part of the Democratic party of preventing the
Republican voters, and more especially the colored
Republican voters, Irom expressing their political
preferences at the polls.
"Tlio board of State canvassers, in view of the
present condition of the State, of the personal danger
attendant upon any investigation, or the production
ot evidence In this case, respeetfully urge andreeom-
raend that some speoial measures -bo adopted by the
House of Representatives to conduct a thorough in-
vestigation of this case, and that the aid of the mili-
tary forces of the United States be allowed to aid
and assist in this investigation." Therefore
Kesolvtd, That a select committoe of three be ap-
pointed to investigate the said charges during the
recess of Congress, at the city of Washington, and at
such times and places as they may determine in the
State of South Carolina, with power to administer
oaths, take testimony, and send for persons and
papers; and upon such investigation the said com-
mittee shall, ac the next session, report to this House
what persons, if any, were lawfully elected to rep-
resent said districts respectively in the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, with a full state-
lnentofthe facts in each case; andthereasonable and
necessary expenses of such committee shall be paid
during the time they shall be engaged in such invest-
igation ; and no other or additional expenseshall be
incurred.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stood the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions [Mr. Paine] to state that the preamble
and resolution just submitted by him have re-
ceived the unanimous indorsement of the com-
mittee. As one member of the committee, I
desire to state that I have just heard for the
first time what is set forth in the preamble. I
understood the committee to agree unani-
mously to the proposition that fall and thor-
ough examination should be made as to the
truth of the allegations, of intimidation, kc.,
being used at the election in those districts
of South Corolina, and that a sub-committee
should be authorized to report upon the facts.
In assenting to the resolution my understand-
ing was that we should simply request from
the House authority to investigate the truth of
the alleged facts through a sub-committee, so
that the evidence may be laid before the House
"at the next session. I never assented to any
proposition with reference to the employment
of the military ; nor do I believe the truth of
the allegations on that subject. I have no evi-
dence at my command with reference to the
truth of the allegations contained in the pre-
amble. 1 think that the gentleman has un-
intentionally committed the minority at least
of the committee with reference to the sub-
ject-matter of the preamble. I, however, seek a
complete investigation of the matter referred to.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, I did not mean
to say that the gentleman had ever subscribed
to the truth of the statements embodied in the
preamble. Certainly I never subscribed to
those statements, for I do not know anything
about tbeir truth. But I did understand and
1 now understand that the gentleman and his
>'oIleague on the committee [Mr. Burr] con-
futed that an investigation predicated upon
statements which I have simply cited in
tho preamble should be ordered by the House.
1 did not mean to say that, tlu-v had assented
to the truth of any of the statements embodied
in the preamble. I certainly am not prepared
at this time to assert to the truth of those state-
ments; I do not know whether the* are true
or not. If the gentleman understood that m)
remarks made in subtmttin£ th-- resolution
committed bim to an indorsement of the truth
of those statements he misunderstood me. I
did not mean to say that.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, I concur entirely
iti the statement of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] my colleague on the
Committee of Elections, that the committee did
unanimously agree to recommend to the House,
or to put it in stronger language, to request it
to consent to a special commission to take tes-
timony in reference to the two disputed districts
of South Carolina. We were induced to rec-
ommend that this should be added to the other
committees of the House because it appeared
from some publications in this ease and state-
ments in the presence of the Committee of
Elections, I think I may say, that there was a
reign of terror in those two districts of South
Carolina. Another party as specifically and
positively denied that there was any such state
of affairs as was alleged in those districts. My
colleague on the committee and myself, if it be
true that a man is not permitted to vote in
South Carolina unless he vote for this or that
political party, desired that the country should
have that information. We want the posses-
sion of those facts ourselves. But it was not
assumed or agreed, in committee that any re-
cital of any character should precede the reso-
lution. I do not see any necessity for the pre-
amble. I know there is a dispute about the
facts. While we agreed the resolution should
be reported, and to the request that the House
should pass it, we did not consent to any recital
of facts which we know are denied. We did
not agree that military power is necessary for
this purpose. We do not believe that the
recital is necessary to give our reason for
appointing this commission.
I hope that the House, both sides of it, will
vote for the fullest investigation; but if the
resolution is to be preceded with a recital of
the allegations and not by a recital also of the
denials, so that the issue may be fully made
up, I do not think it is fair or proper. I hope,
therefore, that the preamble will be stricken
out, so that we shall have a fair, square invest-
igation into these matters as men seeking light
and knowledge in behalf of the people of South
Carolina and of the Union. I ask the House
to unite with the Committee of Elections to get
what information we can by means of this res-
olution.
Mr. PAINE. I want fair play, and nothing
else, in this case; and while I did not suppose
that the gentlemen, any more than myself, were
willing to certify to the facts, I did understand
they were willing that the resolution itself
should be adopted.
Perhaps ray friend from Illinois is under the
impression that the resolution includes the
provision for military force. If so. he is mis-
taken ; for that is only contained in the pre-
amble as an extract from the report of the
board of canvassers.
Mr. BURR. I know it is in the recital pre-
ceding the resolution, but. I object to the whole*
preamble.
Mr. PAINE. After I drew the resolution I
handed it to my friend from Illinois, and I
understood that he approved of it; but I pre-
sume he did not look at the printed portion
which was in the preamble. As I <io not wish
to present anything but the unanimous report
of the Committee of Elections, and as there
seems to he some dissatisfaction, I will with-
draw it for the present.
WALLACE V#. SIMPSON.
Mr. BURDETT, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a report in the case of
Wallace tvt. Simpson, from the fourth congres-
sional district of South Carolina, concluding
with the following resolution :
licsolaed. That upon the papers referred to the
Committee of Elections in the contested ease of A.
8. Wallace iw. W. D. Simpson, from the fourth cou-
grossionuldistrictof South Carolina,A. S. Wallace is
gressi    
prima fade entitled to a seat in this House as the
Representative of said district, subject to ttie future
lu'tiou of the Il-H'.vo to the mcuts of the ea^e.
The u-port v'd--
to he y. Intc-.i.
laid on the table. \>ml "rd^red
Mr. RANDALL obtained consent of the
the House to file a minority report in the same
case; which was also laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed with the report of the
majority.
Mr. BURDETT. I give notice that I will
call this case up to-morrow fee the action of
the House.
SELSIA, ROME, ETC , RAILROAD COMPANY.
The next business oil the Speaker-'g table
was Senate bill No. 109, to revive the grantof
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Selma to Gadsden, in the State of Ala-
bama, and to confirm the same to the Selma,
Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company; which
was taken up, read a first and seeond time ;
and, on motion of Mr. Julian, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
GUARDIANS FOR INDIAN CHILDREN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 34. authorizing the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to appoint
guardians or trustees for minor Indian children
who may be entitled to pensions or bounties
under the existing laws ; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. CLARKE. I ask that the resolution be
put on its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It recites
thatsundry Indians served in the Federal Army,
some of whom died in the service and others
since, leaving minor heirs, and that there is no
provision of law for these minor Indians to
obtain bounties, back pay, or other benefits to
which their ancestors were entitled. Hence it
is proposed to authorize the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to appoint guardians or trustees
of any of these minors, and to take bond and
security for the performance of such duties;
and such guardian or trustee shall be author-
ized to collect from the Government all back
pay, bounties, and pensions to which the mi-
nors may be entitled, and to expend the same
for the use and benefit of the minors, with the
consent and under the direction of any court
of record of the United States or of any Ter-
ritory having jurisdiction at the place where
such minors may reside. The terms of the
resolution are not to apply to the Cherokee,
Creek, Choctaw, Chickasaw, or Seminole na-
tions of Indians, or conflict in any manner with
the provisions of the treaties of 1866 with those
nations.
Mr. CLARKE. The necessity for this reso-
lution, as I understand it. grows out of the fol-
lowing circumstance: during the war one com-
pany of the ninth Kansas regiment was made
up exclusively of fttriians enlisted from the Kan-
sas tribes, and located in the State of Kansas,
and there is no provision of law, I understand,
for the heirs of those Indians receiving the
bounty which they would be entitled to receive
if they had been white persons. The resolu-
tion is so drawn as to exclude those tribes from
the Indian territory from which was raised
what was known as the Indian brigade. I am
not aware that this has any wider scope than
I have stated, applying to the Indians in Kan-
sas, and a few elsewhere, not from any Indian
territory, who enlisted and served in the war.
I have not examined the subject very exten-
sively, but I can see no reason why, if these
Indians enlisted in the Army and served during
the war, they should not-be entitled to the
same pension and bounty as though they were
white persons.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It seems to me this
resolution ought to go to some committee of the
House—say the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it ought to go to
two or three committees.
Mr. LAWI1EXCE. I know of no reason
ewhy we should make any provision for the
appointment of guardians for Indian children
any more than for children of white people.
If "Congress is to assume jurisdiction over this
snbject it may assume it over white children,
prom my present knowledge of the bill, de-
rived merely from the reading of it, I do not
tKink the subjec' properly CAojei within tire
