512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
I
jurisdiction of Congress. Of course, in ex-
ressing this opinion, I do it hastily, without
aviog had an opportunity to examine the
question.
Mr. CLARKE. I am not very strenuous
about the matter, but it seems after all that the
gentleman has no practical objection to the
resolution, only he is always urging, when
bills are brought before the House, that they
should be referred to some committee. That
seems to be the" only ground of his objection.
Now, there is but one thingin this resolution.
A company of -Indians enlisted and served in
the war, and authority is given in this resolu-
tion to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
appoint guardians for them, so that their heirs
may receive the same pensions and bounties that
are given to white persons. I hope the reso-
lution will be passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Are not those Indians
subject to the jurisdiction and laws of Kansas?
And if so, why should not that State provide
for them ?
Mr. CLARKE. Under the organic act of
Kansas they are placed outside of the juris-
diction of the State on the reservation. I
move the previous question.
Oil seconding the previous question no
quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Clarke
and Brooks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope this will be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I am willing it should be reported back at any
time. It is a most extraordinary proposition.
Mr. CLARICE. There is nothing extraor-
dinary about it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not confined to
any tribe, but includes all tribes of Indians.
Mr. CLARKE. Well, I will let it go to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, with leave to
report at any time.
The joint resolution was accordingly so
referred.
brevet appointments.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. No. 53) relating
to certain brevet appointments; which was
read a first and second time, and, on motion of
Mr. Cobb, of Wisconsin, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hamlin, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed without
amendment House joint resolution No. 51,
authorizing the transfer of certain appropri-
ations heretofore made.
evening session.
Mr. DAWES. I ask, by unanimous consent,
as there are several gentleman who wish to
make speeches on general subjects, that the
House shall take a recess from half past four
to half past seven, so as to have an evening
session for debate alone.
Mr. BROOKS. I object, unless it is the
understanding that no business of any kind
shall be done during the evening session.
Mr. DAWES. That will be the understand-
ing.
The motion was agreed to.
j. w. cowell.
Mr. O'NETLL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 402) for the relief
of the suretiesof J. W. Cowell, late collector
of the fifth United States internal revenue dis
trict of Pennsylvania; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
removal of disabilities.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 4) requiring
parties desiring to be relieved from political
disabilities to make application to Congress
in writing under their own signatures setting
forth the grounds upon which relief is asked,
which shall be sworn to; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Reconstruction.
osage indian lands.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) en-
abling actual settlers to purchase certain lands
of the Great and Little Osage Indians ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of that joint resolu
tion and to insert in lieu thereof what I send
to the Clerk's desk as a substitute.
The substitute was read. It provides that
any bona fide settler residing upon any por-
tion of the lands sold to the United States by
virtue of the first and second articles of the
treaty concluded between the United States
and the Great and Little Osage tribe of In-
dians, September 29, 1865. proclaimed Jan-
uary 21, 18G7, who is a citizen or shall have
declared his purpose to become a citizen, shall
be entitled to purchase the same in quantities
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres at the
price of $1 25 per acre, and shall be entitled
to pay for the same in two annual installments
with interest at seven per cent, per annum, the
first of said installments to be paid at the ex-
piration of one year from the date of sale, and
the second and last installment one year there-
after, under such rules and regulations as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Both the odd and even numbered sections are
to be subject to settlement and sale, and the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in each
township of the said lands are to be reserved
for State school purposes, in accordance with
the provisions of the act for the admission of
Kansas.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall call for a division,
unless the gentleman gives us some explana-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. The original joint resolu-
tion has not been reported.
Mr. MAYNARD. And we are called upon
to sell the lands of these Indians without any
explanation.
The joint resolution of the Senate was read.
It provides that when public sale is made of
the lands granted and sold to the United States
by virtue of the first end second articles of the
treaty with the Great and Little Osage Indians,
concluded September 29, 1865, and proclaimed
January 21, 1867, any actual settler who at
date of the sale shall be residing upon any por-
tion of the land, not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres, who has made improvements
thereon, and who is a citizen or has declared
his intention to become a citizen of the United
States, shall have the privilege of purchasing
the same at $1 25 per acre, under such rules
and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Interior; but at the sale both
the odd and even numbered sections in the res-
ervation are to be offered for public sale under
the terms of the resolution, if they shall not
have been reserved and set apart under the
existing law, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of any railroad through the lands.
In determiningwho is the actual settler entitled
to the provisions of the resolution it is to be
the duty of the register and receiver of the land
office within which district the lands are situ-
ated to hear and determine s.11 contested or
disputed cases as to the rights of parties or
persons to their respective claims, and to de-
cide the same under the laws and rules appli-
cable to persons and parties under the preemp-
tion laws of the United States, and the person
having the right to purchase is to receive a
certificate to that effect from the register of the
land office. The Secretary of the Interior is
to give at least three months' notice of the sale
of the lands, to enable all persons to procure
the certificates.
Mr. JULIAN. I would like to explain
briefly the joint resolution and tiie substitute,
inasmuch as it has been objected to. The
treaty with the Great and Little Osage Indians
provided that these lands should be sold, not
under the homestead and preemption laws,
but in a way to divest the honestly vested rights
of the settlers upon them. The proposition
before the House so varies the provisions of
the treaty that while the pecuniary rights of
the Indians are not affected the rights of the
settlers also are preserved, under the preemp-
tion laws which are applied to the land.
The objection to the Senate bill is that it
contemplates at some indefinite time in the
future the building of a railroad through these
lands, and makes certain specific provisions
about the alternate odd-numbered sections on
which settlers are now residing, by which, in
my opinion, the rights of those settlers would
be endangered if riot utterly subverted. The
substitute reported by the Committee on the
Public Lands dispenses with those provisions,
and gives the land, in quantities not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres to each, to the
settlers on them; and it also has the decency
to reserve the sixteenth and thirty-ninth sec-
tions for educational purposes, in accordance
with the act of admission of the Stale of Kau-
sas. That, in brief, is all there is of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] speaks of the vested
rights of these settlers. How were those rights
acquired, and when did they become vested?
Mr. JULIAN. The rights of these settlers
upon those lands vested in the same manner
that similar rights vested on the Cherokee
lands; a question on which this House has
repeatedly passed. The particulars of that case,
if it were necessary here to deal with them,
could be very fully explained by the gentleman
from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] and those of us
who have discussed the subject heretofore in
this House, butldo not think it now necessary.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand the facts
in this case they amount to this: that certain
trespassers and interlopers encroached upon
the territory which we had set apart and re-
served for the Indians. They went in there,
not only without any right, but in utter defi-
ance of the rights of the Indians who owned
the land. They could acquire no right there ;
they did acquire no rights ; they went in there
in their own wrong, as wrongdoers to every
intent and purpose. And this legislation, like
some other that we have had, is intended
simply and solely to cover up, by form of an
act of Congress, what was a gross and outrage-
ous wrong, provided it be possible to commit
a wrong against the Indians.
If the Indians have any rights that the Gov-
ernment is bound to respect, if they have any
claim to territory in this country that we will
recognize, then these persons who are covered
by this bill, who are sought to be protected by
this bill, are in there on these lands, as in some
other cases that we have had before us, in gross
violation of the rights of these Indians, and
manifestly ill their own wrong; and I will take
this occasion to say that if God in his indigna-
tion has any uncommon wrath for the people
of this country I fear me it will be visited upon
us for the manner in which the red men of this
country have been treated and are now treated
every day with the sanction of this House and
of the other branch of Congress.
Mr. JULIAN. The substitute offered by the
Committee on the Public Landscontrovei'ts no
rights at all of the Indians. By treaty stipu-
lations, already perfected, the right of the In-
dians in these lands, as between them and the
Government of the United States, has been
settled. The effect of the substitute which I
have offered is simply to make a disposition of
those lands in accordance with the just rights
of the settlers who are upon them, without in
any way repudiating the obligations of the
Government, to the Indians. That is the whole
of it, and it is needless to argue the matter fur-
ther. I will, however, yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
