1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
513
Mr. CLARICE. I have no desire to prolong
the discussion upon this subject, because I do
not think it needs it. 1 desire to say, however,
iiis.t the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
\aui>] could not make a statement better cal-
culated to mislead and deceive this House than
that he has just made. No right of the Indians,
us stated by the gentleman from Indiana, [Air.
Julian,] is in any respect whatever contra
vened by the substitute here proposed.
Now, a word as to the occupancy of these
lands by these settlers. I can tell the gentle-
man from Tennessee, if he never has learned
it before, and ] can tell the House, that these
settlers went upon these lands by permission
of the Government. At the time this treaty
was made it was published in the newspapers
of my State. It was known that these lands
were to be opened for settlement, and provis-
ion was made in one of the articles of the
treaty which was intended to apply to all these
settlers. But in consequence of the construc-
tion afterward put upon it by the Department
of the Interior, as a matter of fact it did not
apply except to a very small portion of the
people. And I can tell the gentleman further,
as 1 had occasion to state once before, that it
was more than nine months after this treaty
was proclaimed by the President of the United
Slates before a single article or provision of
this treaty was interpreted and applied by the
Secretary of the Interior. In the mean time
nearly lii'ieen thousand—yes, I think I may say
more than fifteen thousand—settlers, coming
iiom all the States of the Union, settled upon
those lands in good taith, and are there to-day,
ready to pay the Indians for the lands. The
Indians make no objection ; they are as anx-
ious for the passage of this resolution as are
the settlers upon the laud. Consequently, what
the gentleman from Tennessee hasbaid in refer-
ence to outraging ihe rights of these Indians
and the injustice o! this class of legislation does
not apply in any respect to the measure under
consideration.
Mr. MAYNARD. In order that there may
be no misunderstanding, let me ask the gen-
tleman a question. Is he willing to insert an
amendment to the effect that this resolution
shall apply only to settlers who have gone upon
the lands since the publication of the treaty on
the 21st of January, 1807?
Mr. CLARKE. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 thought not.
Mr. CLARKE. I am not willing to do that,
because several thousand, perhaps ten thou
sand people have gone upon those lands since
that time ; and they have gone there, I beg to
remind the gentleman, by the permission of
the Government. They have never received
any notice or indication that they had not a
full right to occupy those lands; and let me
remind the gentleman further, that it was long
after the time he names before the Interior
Department ever gave an interpretation to a
single provision of this treaty.
Mr. MAYNARD. Perhaps I did not make
myself understood in my inquiry. What 1 asked
was whether the gentleman was willing that
this bill should apply to such settlers only as
have gone upon the lands since the promul-
gation ol the treaty on the 21st of Jauuary,
1867?
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, I want to do
justice to all these settlers. The gentleman
from Tennessee is, so far as I know, the only
person who objects to this measure. As I have
already said, the Indians do not object. They
are anxious to sell these lands and to get the
money. If this treaty had been interpreted by
the Interior Department, and its provisions
applied as they exist to-day, this whole ques-
tion would have been settled long ago. But in
the present position of the question the Interior
Department, at the request of the congressional,
delegation of the Stale of Kansas, is waiting
for the action of Congress upon this matter.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—■No, 33.
tion thereof the amendment of Mr. Julian* was
agreed to.
The joint resolution, ns amended, was ordered
to a thi'.d reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the j >int resolution was passed ; and
aiso moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
st. croix and lake superior kailhoad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) extend-
ing the time to construct a railroad from the
St. Croix river or lake to the west end of Lake
Superior and to Bayfield; which was read a ;
first and second time. ,
The joint, resolution was read. Tt provides i
that the grant of land heretofore made to the j
State of Wisconsin by the acts approved June :
3, 1856, and May o, 1804, to aid in building a
railroad from St. Croix river or lake to Stipe- ;
rior and to Bayfield, be renewed and extended j
for the period of seven years to the State of :
Wisconsin for the use and benefit of any com- j
pany designated by the State, such extension j
to commence and date from May •">, 1809 , all
lands to be conveyed by patents upon the same i
terms and conditions as am contained m the J
acts of June J3, 18o0, and May 0, 1801. The
railway company is to complete thirty miles of
the road within eighteen months from the date
of extension hereby granted, and at the rate
of thirty miles per year thereafter until the
same is finished ; and should the company fail
to do so that portion of the land to which the
company shall not be entitled to patents shall
revert to the United States, and shall be im-
mediately placed in market. Patents are not
to be issued for any land except that, situated
opposite to and conterminous with the com-
pleted sections of said road; and no sale of
any lands granted, or of any timber growing
thereon, is to be made until after thirty miles
of said railroad shall have been completed and
in use.
Mr. JULIAN. I move the following amend-
ment:
And providedfurlhrr, Thnt tho lands granted by
tho act, lierobv rovivodsball bosoliltoautu.il Hettlers
only in quant il u s not greater tli mono qusu'tersccfion
to any ono purchaser, and l'or a prico not oxcecdiag
$2 50 per acre.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I under
stand the gentleman from Indiana intends to
move the reference of this bill to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and 1 hope he will
allow nie to state the reasons why I think it
should be put upon its passage.
Mr. J ULIAN. I have but little to say upon
this measure in the present temper of the House
and at this late day of the session ; but 1 am
willing to give the gentleman as much time as
I shall occupy myself in my opening statement
of the question, reserving my right, to reply.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. How
much time ?
Mr. JULIAN. Perhaps five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That
would be hardly sufficient, and I hope the
gentleman will make it fen.
Mr. JULIAN. I will give the gentleman
a reasonable time. *
Mr. Speaker, the grant of lands proposed to
be revived by this Senate bill was made in
1856, the great land-grant year of this Govern-
ment, when such havoc was made of our pub
lie domain. Nothing was done under this
grant, I believe, until 1864, eight years after-
ward. when the parties interested in it came
here and asked a renewal of the grant for five
years longer, and I believe they asked an en-
largement of the grant so as to give the alter-
nate sections ten miles instead of six on each
side of the road. The additional grant was
made, and the additional time given. No fur-
ther work has been done on the portion of the
line now asking a renewal, as I understand,
since that day. But here they come again,
asking for another revival of the grant., and an
extension of the time for seven years longer.
The whole of thi3 land under the operation of
this legislation—I do not know bow many mil-
lions of acres 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Two mil-
lion and eighty thousand, as I understand it.
Mr. JULlAN. I am not acquainted with
the figures, but the amountgranted is large. Il
is an unusually liberal grant. All these alter
nate odd-numbered sections have been tied up
ever since by operation of the grant, and the
even sections could not be purchased for less
than S2 50 an acre; and as the land was in a
wilderness the eflect of our profligate legisla-
tion has been to perpetuate its condition dur-
ing the whole of the past thirteen or fourteen
j years, in derogation of the rights of settlers.
In view of this state of things, it seems strange
that honorable gentlemen should come here
after having got it through the Senate without
reference to any committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. No, sir,
Mr. J IJLI AN. If I am mistaken I will stand
corrected, but I believe tho debate in the Sen-
ate shows that it was never referred to any
committee. The record, however, will show.
If it was reported from the Senate Committee
on Public Lands, I can only say that some
other and perhaps equally vicious propositions
have been reported from that committee, and
have actually now and then gone through the
Senate. It has never been reported by any
committee of this House at any rate, and at
this late hour of the session to insist on the
passage of such a measure without reference to
any committee and without any opportunity
for debate—for 1 happen to know that the friends
of the measure intended to spring it upon the
House and to demand the previous question—
is a little remarkable, to say the least. What
I ask is that this bill and the wholesome and
safe amendment 1 have offered shall be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
so that the committee shall have time to con-
sider all the circumstances of the case and
report, to this House in the usiuil way.
Mr. Speaker, I have only stated a part of
the history of this case. The railroad company
created by the State of Wisconsin took charge
of this enterprise. Instead of building the road
they went to stripping the country along the
line of its timber, which they have done to a
frightful extent. What they desire, in my opin-
ion, is the free license t,Q continue their work
of spoliation. Four or five different companies
have successively had charge of the road. In
each case it has been said, "Now we have a
company that is honest and will build the
road;" but in each case the promise has been
violated. The gentlemen in the interest of the
road say now, -'If you will revive this grant
the present company will certainly build the
road." But, sir, how do we know they will do
it? Every fact connected with the past history
of the enterprise gives the lie to the promise.
Under the circumstances I am utterly op-
posed to a renewal of the grant. With no
diligence shown on the part of the parties here-
tofore intrusted with the grant, with anything
in the world but diligence, with no guarantee
that the work will be done, I ask whether this
House will revive this grant without even re-
ferring the question to a committee? Why.
sir, my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] knows, or at any rate I am safe in say-
ing he believes, that this road will never be
built; and I put this fact to him squarely as an
argument against the passage of the resolution.
He will not deny what 1 say. Sir, I ask that
the joint resolution and amendment shall be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
I will yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Washburn] as much time as I have occu-
pied ; after which I shall make such reply as
may seem to be needed to bis remarks, aud
then ask for a vote on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin is entitled to ten minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is
hardly fair, I think, that I should be restricted
to the space of time the gentleman has taken,
while he reserves the right to reply. But being.
