616
XHE CONGREBSXQ j& AL GLOBE,
April 5,
gentleman from Indiana. If it be adopted it will
destroy the purpose of the bill. I also hope
the motion to refer will be rejected, so that we
may at onee put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. JULIAN. A single remark in reply to
the gentleman. He concludes his speech by
exhorting the House to vote down a principle
•which has been repeatedly indorsed by the
House as its future policy in the grant of lands,
namely, that they should be sold to settlers
onlv in quantities not greater than one quarter
section to one purchaser, and at a price not
exceeding $2 50 per acre. That is the only
principle that, can save any grant of land from
being a soulless monopoly, an<l the gentleman
opposes its application to this extraordinary
measure. I now ask for vote on my motion.
Mr. HOPKINS. 1 ask the gentleman to
g've me five minutes.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield three minutes.
Mr. HOPKINS. I am not, nor are my con-
stituents, directly interested in this extension,
but i am decidedly in favor of it, and I confess
to no little surprise at the opposition that is
made to it here, especially by the distinguished
gentleman, the chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands, with whom I served during
one Congress, and who to my knowledge did
on several occasions advocate measures of pre-
cisely this character.
Now, what are the facts in this ease? In
18-30 Congress granted to the State of Wiscon-
sin lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the capital of the State to Lake St.
Croix, and from thence to Lake Superior. The
Legislature divided tiie grant into three distinct
portions, and passed it over into the hands of
other parties. The portion at the north end
was the least valuable. It, fell into the hands
of bad men. A financial revulsion came over
the country immediately afterward, and noth-
ing could be done. Soon after followed the
four.years of civil war, when the whole country
was depopulated of its young men, who went
into the Army to rescue their country from
rebellion. So the enterpiise was interfered
with and given up. Now the State of Wis-
consin asks you in justice to her people to
gr.uitthis extension, making up for the loss
of time when her young men served in your
Army in defense of your flag.
I am surprised that gentlemen rise tip now
to oppose this measure when nota single meas-
ure of the kind heretofore has been opposed
oil this floor. I regret this opposition begause
it deprives the settlers of that region of coun-
try of the meansof transporting their products
to the maikets of the world. It is an act of
injustice to depiive them of this advantage.
The present corporation is composed of good
men with money, who are prepared to go on
and build the road. Give us this extension
and five years from to day I will guaranty we
will have a line of road running through that
region of country which wilt develop it to an
extraordinary degree.
Mr JULIAN. I only want to say that the
demand for this extension after thirteen years
of failure to build the road, while the parties
went on stealing the timber on the lands, is
simply a demand for license to continue the
stealing. The gentleman from Wisconsin de-
nies that the tim tier has been stolen. The memo-
rial 1 have had read from the settlers them-
selves says that eleven twelfths of the valuable
pine timber has been taken. As to the gentle-
man's allusion to my having supported similar
measures heretofore. I have to reply that I
never did vote for any sueh proposition as this
in my life.
Mr. HOPKINS. How did the gentleman
vote on the extension of the Dubuque and
Sioux City railroad'?
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer the gentleman.
That was a revival of a grant in which some
diligence bad been used and some portion of
tne road built. But if I voted wrong then,
with a large majority of this House, it is no
reason why we should repeat it.
Mr. HOPKINS. I gay to the gentleman that
one half of this road is completed and running
to-day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Of the
original land grant.
Mr. HOPKINS. Of the original grant.
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. How many
miles are there in running order?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Two hun-
hundred and fifty.
Mr. BU 1'LER, of Massachusetts. Two hun-
dred and fifty miles running out of two hun-
dred and thirty! [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, ot' Wisconsin. I know
more about the facts in this matter than the
gentleman from Indiana, and as regards the
devastation of the timber he is entirely mis-
taken.
Mr. JULIAN. In reference to that, question
I have noticed that in the debates in the Senate
the Senator from Wisconsin did not deny that
the timber had been stolen, but he said that
others beside the corporation had been tres-
passing upon the public lands—that trespassing
upon them was a common thing. But, sir, I
submit that the timber having been stolen, and
the lands being under the control of the com-
pany that held this grant, the presumption is
not a violent one that the corporation was the
thief.
As to the length of road completed I am
astonished at what the gentleman now states,
and this very dispute about the facts is the best
of reasons why the bill should be examined by
a committee.
Mr. HOPKINS. Does the gentleman from
Indiana mean to insinuate that we stand upon
this floor and state what is false? Does he sup-
pose that we would state here as facts what we
know to be untrue ?
Mr. JULIAN. 1 will answer the gentleman,
and I am not at all frightened.
Mr. HOPKINS, i do not suppose you are.
Mr. JULIAN. I will answer hitn by repeat-
ing exactly what I said. 1 said that I am aston-
ished at the statements of the gentlemen here
about the extent of road already built, for I
learned nothing of the kind from the debate in
'he Senate, which was pretty scrutinizing and
thorough. I do not controvert the truth of what
the gentlemen says, but I take the liberty of
expressing my unbounded surpriseat their state-
ment:. 'J lie original grant, as 1 understand,
was in three divisions. The road has been
constructed through the first and a small por-
tion of the second division ; but nothing, almost
literally nothing, has been done on the line
now in charge of the company which is making
an effort, afterthirteen years of failure, to revive
the expired grant. What ought to be done in
this case would be the passage of an act declar-
ing the grant forfeited and opening the lands
to settlers.
I now demand the previous question.
Mr. HOPKINS. When will the previous
question exhaust itself?
The SPEAKER. On the third reading of
the joint resolution, unless the motion to refer
should be carried, which would, of course,
take the joint resolution from before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. If we vote
down the motion to refer, the question will then
recur on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. First on the amendment
and then on the third reading of the bill.
Mr, WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection to tlu previous question being
seconded; but I hope the House will vote down
the motion to refer, and pass the joint resolu-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being first, on the mo-
tion of .Mr. Julian, to refer the joint resolu-
tion and the pending amendment to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, called for
tellers. |
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Washburn, i
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Julian* were appointed. ;
The House divided : und the tellers report- i
ed—aves 09. noes 40,
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I demand
! the yeas and nays. I want to see who it is
| that will deny to Wisconsin what has been
[ granted to other States.
; The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
J in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 41, not voting
| 70; as follows :
j TEAS—M-ssrs. Ambler. Armstrong. Arnell, A«per,
I Axtoll, Banks, Beatty Bole? Bowen. Bufiinton, Burr,
■ Benjamin F.Butler, Cessna. Clinton L. Cob , C'iburu,
I Davis, Dickey, Uickuison, Doekery, Donley, Duvjl,
El i, Paniaworth, Ferrl-s, Fitch Huriield (riltill in,
Golladay, Haldeman.liny,IIu.tr ilohnan,[Iotchk>.s,
Thomas L. Jones. Jucht.J ultun. Kotlcv,Kol>ey. Kerr,
Keteham, Knaitp, Laflin. L.ish. L-iwreiiep, \I.ir<!nill,
Maynard, McCormick. Mereur. Eluikun H. Jiooie,
.Jesse II. Moore, William Mode, O'Neill, tjun,
Packard, Phelp11'. Potneroy, Proper, Randall, Head-
ing, Keeves, Rice. Rogers Sargent. Sctienek,
Shanks, Stevenson. Stokes. Mone. Swanti, Sweeney,
Tillman, Trimble, Tyner, Upson. Van Auketi. Voor-
hees, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Whitte-
more. Williams, John T. Wilson, Wiuaus, Witcher,
and Woodward—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Archer.Beaman, Beck. Bird,
Blair, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cake, Ainusa
Cobb, Cook, Conger, Dawes, Deweese, Dixon, Kld-
dridge, Finkelnburg. Hamill, Hooper. Hopkins,
Jenckes, Johnson, Knott, Lynch, Mayham, Mc-
Neely. Niblack, Paine, Peters. Roots. Sawyer.
Seofield, Sheldon, William J. Smith, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffe, Van Horn, Cadwalaiier (j. Wash-
burn. Willard. and EugeneM. Wilson—-11.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Bailey.
I Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Biggs. Bingham. Boyd,
; Brooks. Calkin. Churchill, Clarke, Cleveland, Oowles,
II Ciebs.Cullom, Dyer.Ferry, Fisher, i'ox, Getz. Greene,
i| Griswold,Haight,Hnle. Hamhleton, Hamilton, Haw-
ji kins.Hawley, Heaton.IIili. Hoag, iugersoll, Alexan-
I1 dcr If. Jones, Losran, Loughrldge, McCarthy, JVlc-
[ Crary, McGrew, Moffet, Morgan, Daniel J. Mnrrell,
! Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey. Mungen. Negley,
! Packer, Palmer, Poland,Potter, Sanforil.Schumak'.r,
I Sloeutn, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Wortiiiu^-
i tonC Sunt.i,WilhamSmyth,Stevens.Siiles.Strader,
I Tinner, Townsend, Twichell, Van Trumo, Ward,
Wheeler. Wilkinson, Winchester, and Wood—70.
j So the joint resolution and amendment
1 were referred to the Committee on the Public
; Lands.
| Mr. JULTAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution and amendment
| were referred ; and also moved that the motion
I to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALABAMA LAND GUANT.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill (S. No. 10!)) to revive the
grant of lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Selma to Gadsden, in the State
of Alabama, and to confirm the same to the
Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad Company
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN UTAH.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, the Committee
on Appropriations was discharged from the
further consideration of a letter from the Sec-
retary of War. inclosingacomuiunication from
the Adjutant General of the Army relative to
expenses incurred by the Territory of Utah in
the suppression of Indian hostilities during
the years 1805, 186G, and 1867 : and the same
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL,
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to repott back the
Seriate amendments to the Indian appropria-
tion hill, and to move that the same, with the
report of the committee thereon, be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the .-tale of
the Union and made the special order for to-
morrow, immediately after the reading of the
Journal, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr.GAUFIELD. Those amendments sit<mid
be printed.
Mr. DAWES. They liave already hi-en
printed.
^Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the Home will
dispose of the census bill first.
The SPEAKER. Should the House have
the census bill under consideration at ihetl:ne
of taking the recess this afternoon it will rome
up as unfinished business to-morrow imme-
