1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
dent, for it is physically and mentally impos-
sible that he should personally inquire into
ami decide upon the qualifications of those
administrative subordinates in the caseswhere
tin: appointment is ve.s'ed by law in iiim ; not
th.it ot the heads of Departments, for it is not
within iheir power to decide personally upon
the funetis of their subordinates, except those
wiili whom they come in contact in their re-
-pecuve offices. If they should personally
m-lertake this task they must neglect all other
duties. What Secretary of the Interior couid
P'*r.v>nally decide upon the qualifications of
his Indian agents or pension office clerks, or
Patent Office examiners? The Secretary of
the Treasury has graver duties to perform than
to select the many thousand instruments through
whom he works, by personal interrogation.
Those duties are graver than have ever de-
volved upon any of his predecessors. The
management of our immense debt, the ques-
tions concerning the currency, loans, interest,
redemption, fluctuations, or resources, which
are constantly coming in upon him, may appal
the stoutest heart and overtask the most cun-
ning brain. Though his hair may be as black
as the raven's wing on entering office it may
become blanched as the snowy owl's before
leaving it. In order that he maybe spared to
perform those grave duties in any manner it is
necessary that lie should be relieved from all
inquiries concerning applicants for office.
"o actual judgment now obtained upos the fit-
ness of candidates.
Under the present system of whom do the
^resident and heads of Departments actually
inquire ; whose judgment do they get upon the
jiersons who receive these minor appointments?
it' every member of this House should upon the
nstatit answer this question each answer would
Oe the same. We all know how this business
u done, and although the people do not all
know they are rapidly becoming informed. In
iact. the appointing power obtains nothing
'vhich can be called a judgment upon the ques-
tions of fitness and character. It is only a
designation on account of political or personal
services of persons not believed to be wholly
unfit. It is a way which custom has sanctioned
of paying political debts. Men who would scorn
to take a dollar of the public money without
right will not hesitate to place a personal or
political friend in a situation where he receives
the public money without giving full considera-
tion lor it. The private political debt is paid
by quartering the creditor upon the public
Treasury. Is the office thus solicitedand passed
over to a friend any less a bribe because it is
not a gift which can be valued in lawful money?
is the person who thus imposes an unfaithful
servant upon the public less guilty of his pecu-
lations than the criminal himself? Is it any
salve to the conscience to say thatif yourman
had not been accepted perhaps under the pres-
ent system a more incompetent, person would
have been ?
" pateo.vaoe" should not exist.
But the point which 1 make here has a graver
and deeper significance than any quejtion con-
cerning the method of using the patronage
system as it now exists. I maintain that such
a system has no right to an existence in this
Republic. The three great departments of
this Government, are distinct, and independent,
each sufficient, for its appropriate sphere, and
ail necessaiy for a harmonious whole. Each
department is also a check upon the other,
and tiiosc who are charged with duties in one
f.innot properlv i tit elf ere with those who are
chaigi'd with different duties in another. The
executive department overshadows the others:
the duties with which it, is charged are the
entire execution of the laws and the negotia-
tion ot treaties; and for the proper discharge
ot these duties that department is responsible
to the people ami to the representatives of the
people. Congress should furnish the means
for the performance of these duties, and. as the
representatives of the people, should see that
they are well performed. They should keep
watch and ward over this mighty executive
power and see that it is used only for the proper
administration of the Government of the He-
public, and not for corruption, for personal
ambition, for perverse partisanship, or for any
form of tyranny.
Above all things the body exercising the
legislative power, supervising the exercise of
all other powers, and without whose coopera-
tion no other powers can be exercised—that
which holds the purse and which alone can
authorize the use of the sword—should never
surrender its independence, collectively or
individually, to the department which merely
administers without the power to provide itself
with the meaus of administration. We should
never forget that in the Republic the repre-
sentatives of the people are nearest to "the
piimal springs of empire,'' which are the peo-
ple themselves, and should never relinquish or
compromise their independence while perform-
ing their high duties.
Believing this, I must express the conviction
that it was an unfortunate hour for the Repub-
lic when the representatives of the people
abdicated their high functions and consented
to become the recipients and dispensers of
what is called " executive patronage." That
is, they beg the Executive, who is charged
with the faithful execution of the laws, to seek
its instruments in such a manner that the
members of the legislative bodies can pay their
political debts by designating the persons to
whom the executive and administrative offices
should be given. Each office thus bestowed is
a link iu this chain of " executive patronage."
But the Executive should have no patronage.
The word ■' patronage''' implies a bestowal by
favor of what would not be obtained by the re-
cipient by desert. That department should
seek the most capable persons to transact the
business of the people. Its high offices became
degraded when their chief consented that they
should be the instruments of such base uses.
This surrender first introduced the sordid ele-
ment into our politics, and caused the high
tone of honor, high character, and eminent
talent to begin to disappear from what has been
becoming more and more a dishonored and dis-
honorable arena. When members of Congress
became brokers of offices, as well as legislators,
all their acts and votes began to bear the sus-
picion of being commercial transactions. This
unholy alliance between the executive and legis-
lative departments, which the Constitution cre-
ated to be distinct, separate, and independ-
ent, has wrought no good to either. It is an
intermingling of the personnel of the two
which the lawdoesnot allow, lthas paralyzed
the executive in the administration of the
Government by destroying its independence.
It has prevented the revenues from being col-
lected and caused the public moneys to be
squandered. It has imported the alien curse
of "patronage" into a Government which
ought to give an open career to all. In a re-
public, which must always be divided into par-
ties, it bas debased their coutests into strug-
gles as to which partisans shall fill the public
offices, instead of developing a noble strife for
the success of principles and measures upon
which the prosperity of the country is believed
to depend. More than any one cause it has
tended to estrauge one portion of the nation
from another, and to embitter the feuds and
inflame the passions which at last lighted the
fires of civil war.
Now, when this long and bloody conflict has
ended, and the grass is growing over its graves:
when the Republic is being reconstructed upon
the principles of the immortal Declaration, its
original corner-stone, it has seemed to me wise
that, in matters of administration we should
also return to the principles upon which our
fathers set this Government in motion. 1 would
restore the executive to its original independ-
ence, and remit the Legislature to its appropri-
ate sphere. What the bill proposes is simply to
furnish means to the Executive to obtain, inde-
pendent of dictation from any quarter, compe-
tent and faithful persons to perform the duties
required of that department by the Couetitotien
and the laws. This is the origin, the aim, and
the scope of this measure. The commissioners
and their assistants are the eyes, the ears,-and
the mind of the Executive for the selection of
instruments; they have no power, no patron-
age ; they can neither reward friends nor pun-
ish enemies. It is true that they may not do
their work as all would wish it to be done ;
they can be but men, and consequently fallible
instruments; but no one can deny that they
will be better than no instruments at all. Even
if this board should degenerate into a partisan
machine, yet in course of time it must become
the instrument of different parties; and it
seems to me better, if our offices are to be
filled with partisans, that we should secure the
best material of each party by this mode of
selection, instead of some of the worst, as we
do now. And it is the worst of bad logic as
well as the poorest of compliments to say to the
President that because he may fail to select
the four men best qualified for this board, that
therefore he should not have the aid which this
bill gives him, but be obliged to select through
the present more fallible and less impartial
instruments the more than forty thousand offi-
cers within the scope of this measure. The
same rule applies to each one of the forty
thousand that those who argue against me seek
to apply to each one of the four. The false
logic is too apparent, and the corrupt motive
which advances such sophistry cannot escape
detection. Under the present system the range
of selection is confined to the personal and
political friends of the politicians who push
their favorites. Under the proposed system
the choice must be - made from the whole
American people. The constituency is as
numerous as the nation. Why should not the
Republic have the choice of its best sons for
its service, instead of being obliged to grope
around among the refuse for its servants?
Why should it not go at once into its vigorous
forests of native growth for its timber, instead
of endeavoring to pick out some passable stick
here and there from among the political drift-
wood of its periodical freshets?
I have heard it said by a member of a for-
mer Congress, I might say more than one—I
saynothingof anymember of the preseutCon-
gress—that he thought he could choose better
officers for his district than any board of ex-
aminers whatever. Each of such former mem-
bers might have spoken, not his belief only,
but the truth. In no case have I been dis-
posed to question it, but it never seemed to
have occurred to those former members that
the selection of executive and administrative
officers was no part of their constitutional duty.
It was just what they were elected not to do.
They had no more right to claim or exercise
any portion of the executive power than of the
judicial. I can fill a volume of quotations
from the fathers to show how unwarranted by
authority or tradition such a claim is on the
part of members of the Legislature. It is one
of the many corruptions that have threatened
to change the character if not destroy the
existence of this Government by the inter-
mingling of the functions of the branches which
the Constitution created as separate and de-
clares to be distinct. The evil of some of
these attempts has been so glaring that they
have been cut off by penal statutes. One was
the seeking of contracts by members ; another,
the use of influence at, the Departments for any
purpose for a consideration, and the soliciting
of offices for hire of money. It has been found
necessary to purge Congress of these corrup-
tions by prohibitory and penal statutes. So
far have these statutes gone as to prohibit a
member of Congress from being solicitor for a
claimant in the Court of Claims, from acting
as attorney for any claimant before any De-
partment or public officer, and even from
arguing a case in court for a fee in which the
Government is a party. The great, the chief
of these corruptions which yet remains unpro-
hibited and unpunished is the attempt to gain
control of appointment to office, the wielding
of the so-eafled executive patronage and the
