524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
power, which should form the nucleus around
which the rebellious States might cluster, and
of which he fondly hoped they would willingly
become a part.
The waning fortunes of the rebellion en-
couraged therepublicans of Mexico to redouble
their efforts, and furnished evidence to the
shrewd Frenchman that bis undertaking would
not be a permanent success, and he endeavored,
but failed, 10 retreat with honor from fields he
could not conquer and from a people whom,
even in their weakness, he could not subjugate.
At the period of the French invasion of
Mexico the British cabinet, in the interest of
monarchy, was debating the project of estab-
lishing on our northern boundary the "king-
dom of Canada," and placing upon the throne
a sou of the British queen. The same cause
which led to the destruction of the " imported
empire," also led to the abandonment of the
"kingdom," and thus far no further attempts
have betn made in this direction, while it is a
conceded fact that a large portion of the Can-
adian people to-day sympathize with republi-
can institutions, and are prepared to form closer
commercial and political connections with our
Government. Russia, owning an empire in
territorial extent on our continent, foreseeing
our "manifest destiny" and having the cour-
age to accommodate herself to the inevitable
course of events, has, in consideration of a
" mere bagatelle in gold," consented to part j
with her territorial possessions, and retired |
most gracefully from a continent upon which ;
monarchical institutions will no longer thrive. |
The influence of these important events
transpiring on the continent is felt among the
people of the neighboring islands, and Cuba,
the largest and most important, is to-day en-
gaged in a revolt against the mother country
with every prospect of success. This struggle,
if successful, will result in the emancipation
of her slaves, the adoption of a republican
form of government, and will enable her to
enter upon a career of unexampled prosperity.
The American people cannot be indifferent
to anything which is calculated to affect the
political or material conditions of those whose
territory is in such close proximity and it) whose
welfare we are so directly interested.
it has long been our settled policy to cultivate
the most intimate and friendly relations with
all the nations of the American continent, and
to use our kindly offices in creating, fostering,
and protecting sentiments and interests which
are exclusively and peculiarly American. Our
relations with these Governments are daily
becoming more intimate and important, and
our commercial intercourse is correspondingly
enhanced. Thatcommerce, already important
and lucrative, is destined to become still more
importantand more lucrative. Weare rapidly
becoming a commercial people, and we should
avail ourselves of all just means which tend to
foster and protect our commercial interests.
Our coastwise trade stretches along the Atlantic
sea-board a distance of over three thousand
miles. The Mississippi and its numerous trib-
utaries are the avenues of an inland commerce
of increasing and almost incalculable import-
ance, seeking access to markets through the
Gulf of Mexico, while much the latger portion
of trade and travel between our Atlantic and
Pacific coasts is by way of the Isthmus. No
one can contemplate these vast interests and
not be convinced of the importance, if not the
absolute necessity, of acquiring some foothold
among those beautiful islands of the Carribean
.Sea which stand like armed sentinels around
the entrance to the Gulf of Mexico and in the
pathway of our commerce.
The opportunity for such acquisition upon
honorable and favorable terms is now pre-
sented. in the belief founded on authentic
sources of information that the people and
Government of the Dominican republic are
ready and willing to unite their destinies with
and become a part of the great Republic. The
Island of San Domingo is second in size, but
not second in beauty or fertility, of the rich
Carribean group. It lies between the eight-
eenth and twentieth degrees of north latitude,
and entirely within the tropical zone. Its area
is within a fraction of twenty-eight thousand
square miles, being about equal in size to the
State of South Carolina, nearly three times the
area of the State of Maryland, and equal to the
combined areas of Massachusetts, Rhode Isl-
and, New Hampshire, and Vermont. The seas
surrounding it are remarkably free from hid-
den shoals or other daugers of navigation, and
its bold headlands and mountain peaks form
prominent beacons to guide the mariner, while
its numerous inlets, bays, and harbors, owing
to the peculiar topography of the island, afford
easy approach and safe anchorage, chief among
which is the celebrated Bay of'Samatia, at the
northeastern end of the island, and at the mouth
of the Yuma river. A receut writer, speaking
of this bay, says :
4f It is about fifty miles from east to west, and vary-
ing in width from fitteen to twenty miles, and of great
depth. The views of the bay from either side across
to the opposite shores, covered as ifc is with swarms
of ducks and swan and other wa.ter-fow!s, and the
coasts and hills and mountains covered with flowers
and verdure and fruit, is truly beautiful and sub-
lime, equaling if not surpassing in beauty and mag-
nificence the Bay ot Naples, and is obviously the key
to the Gulf of Mexico. Here all the navies of the
world could lay at anchor in safety. There are no
heavy sweils 01- high seas or strong winds in it. and
the surrounding region is regarded as very healthy."
The surface of the island is diversified with
mountains, hills, and plains. The hills and
mountains are covered with a great variety of
useful and most valuable woods, such as mahog-
any, oak, lignum vitas, ebony, satin-wood, and
various dye-woods, all of which have for gen-
erations been known to the commerce of the
world, and the supply at present, in most parts
of the island, is as abundantas at the time of its
discovery. In addition to these are the locust,
the different varieties of cedar and pine, with
the whole family of tamarind, mango, palm,
and orange, all of more or less value, and to
become more so as the destinies of this won-
derful t-potof earth shall beplaced in the hands
and under the control of a Government which
has the power and the disposition to establish
peace and quiet within its borders, to give pro-
tection to tlie industry and enterprise of man,
and thus lend its influence to the development
of its almost hidden but countless sources of
national wealth and prosperity. Its plains are
immense meadows of unsurpassed fertility,
stretching along the banks of rivers for miles
in all directions. Oil the south side of the
Cibao range of mountains, and extending from
their base to the sea, distant about forty miles,
are numerous plains and valleys watered in all
directions by never-failing rivers, creeks, and
streams. The most extensive of these mead-
ows is the Vega Real, extending from the bay
of Samana on the east, along the Yuma river
to the city of Santiago, and thence again down
the Yaque river to the bay of Manzanillo on
the northwest coast of the island, a distance of
nearly two hundred miles, with an average
width of twenty-five miles. Mr. Courtney, a
recent traveler, speakingof this Royal Meadow,
says :
"Between theso two ranges of mountains, begin-
ning near the town of Santiago and extending to the
bay of Samana, lies ' La Vega .Real,' or the Royal
Valley, two hundrcdmiles long, andvaryingin width
from fitteen to thirty miles, furnishing extensive
pasture lands and fabulously rich savannahs. This
magnificent valley, as the sequel will attest, for fer-
ti ity of soil, salubrity of climate, and its oxuberant
productiveness of all tropical fruits, flowers, and vege-
tation, is perhaps not equaled by any in the world."
This famous valley was the favorite spot of
Columbus, the promised land, nay almost the
Eldorado of which he was in search; and
Irving, in his history of "The Admiral,"
describes it as follows :
" Here a land of promise suddenly burst upon their
view. It was the same glorious prospect which had
delighted Ojeda and his companions. Below lay a
vast and delicious plain, painted and enameled, as it
were, with all the rich variety* of tropical vegeta-
tion. The magnificent forests presented that min-
gled beauty and majesty of vegetable forms known
only to these generous climates. Palms of prodigious
height and spreading mahogany trees towered from
amid a wilderness of variegated foliage. Freshness
and verdure were maintained by numerous streams,
which meandered gleaming through the deep bosom
of the woodland, while various villages and ham-
lets peeping from among the trees, and the smoke
of others rising out oi the midot of the forest.", gave
signs of a numerous population, Theluxunant land-
scape extended as far as the eye could reach, until it
appeared to melt away and mingle with tile horizon.
The Spaniards gazed with rapture upon this soft,
voluptuous country, winch seeuied to realize tin ir
ideas of a terres'.rijil paradise; and Columbus, struck
with its vast extent, gave it tho uauio of the Vega
Real, or Royal Plain."
Mr. Fabeus. who has resided on the island,
and now holds a confidential position in its
Government, says of it:
"I remember well, indeed I never can forget, tho
impression produced upon me by the first sight of
this same fascinating landscape. I was alone, and
had been traveling northward tor half a day through
almost impenetrable thickets and over rocky and
rugged mountain paths, when suddenly, on reaching
the furthest ridge ot the southern chain of hills, the
broad and pictured scene burst lull upon nie. Fatigue
and the loneliness ot the journey were forgotten, and
I was content in the enjoyment of such a vision of
natural beauty as I had never before imagined, and
of which, perhaps, the world cannot produce a
rival."
And he adds:
''Admitting the productiveresources of this famous
valley to equal those ol the Island of Barbadoes, (and
there is no doubt they are much greater.) it would
of itself support a population of four millons."
PRODUCTIONS.
Its fertile soil and tropical sun develop pro-
ductions to a much greater extent than even
the rich alluvial of our own Mississippi and its
tributaries. No fertilizer ever has been or ever
will be required, at least not until, in the lan-
guage of another, "her mountains, whose
debris furnishes the soil for the plains, are
devoured by the tooth of time and sink away
in distant ages."
Among the staples we find cotton growing
spontaneously in all parts of the island, and
even among the crevices of the rocks of the
mountains. It is of an excellent quality, grows
not 011 bushes, but on trees resembling our
peach-trees. Two crops are produced annu-
ally. Its culture has been neglected if not
almost abandoned, but under the favorable
auspices which would result from its annexa-
tion this could be made one of the most re-
munerative pursuits of the island. Coffee is
cultivated very successfully on the elevated
portions or highlands; two crops are gathered
during the year, in May and December, and
the annual product is equal to seventeen hun-
dred pounds peivaere. When we reflect that
but few hands are required to tend the trees
and secure the crop, and that its preparation
for market does not requite much labor or
expensive machinery, its value as a product is
readily perceived. The exports of this article
from the Haytian republic alone, in the year
1862, amounted to the sum of ยง8,000,000.
On the landing of Columbus be found tobacco
extensively cultivated and used by the natives,
and thence hitherto this article has held a high
rank in the commerce of the world. The inex-
haustible strength and fertility of the soil is
peculiarly adapted to the growth of this plant,
and under a system of protected and system-
atic labor would add very largely to the ex-
ports of the island. Even under the present
imperfect cultivation, with no roads or con-
veniences to bring tobacco from the interior to
the sea-board towns for shipment, save in
ceroons 011 the backs of mules, the crop for
the year 1862 was estimated at one hundred
and twenty-five thousand quintals, and of a
quality not inferior to the best Havana. Some
of this crop for the year 1802 found its way to
the city of New York, and was there estimated
to be worth $1 40 per pound. At this valuation,
the estimated value of the crop for that year in
the city of New York would have been wort lithe
sum of $1'J,600,000. There is no country better
adapted to the growth and cul.ivatioii of the
sugar-cane. During the colonial history sugar
was one of the principal articles of e\"port,
and next in value to gold. Its cultivation us
now neglected, but the introduction of c ipiial,
regulated and well paid labor, and improved
machinery will develop its capacity and attest
its value. We can form at least an approx-
imate idea of such capacity and value when we
recollect that the production of sugar in the
