1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
debt thus assumed or guarantied. The reve- I
nue received by the Dominican Government
from export and import duties for the year ,
1868, amounted to the sum of $538,100 30. j
There is still another objection urged to this •
proposition, which i trust meets, however, with j
but little favor on this side of the House. I ;
refer to the peculiar color, and probably also !
the peculiar odor of a very large portion of the }
inhabitants of the island. It is true they are j
black, very black, much blacker I am told j
than our Americans of African descent. But i
tln-y are free, and tbey fought for and achieved !
their own freedom, and for nearly three fourths :
of a century have maintained their freedom by 1
organizing and successlully maintaining their ;
own Government.
This objection on the score of color is founded :
upon prejudice, and hence cannot be removed ,
by argument, for prejudice is blind and listens 1
not to reason. Has it not occurred to those i
who urge this objection that the acquisition of
San Domingo and placing it under the protec-
tion of our laws, might furnish an outlet and
a home to that portion of our people against
whom this unjust prejudice exists, and who
might voluntarily avail themselves of the ad-
vantages thusaffoided? And should our entire
colored population join in this exodus there
would be i ooiu for all, as San Domingo is capa-
ble of sustaining a population of at least ten
million human beings. In this view of the
subject those who have for years advocated
the removal and colonization of these people,
may find in this acquisition a realization of
their desires.
Mr. X [BLACK. If my colleague will per-
mit me, 1 should like to ask him a question?
Mr. ORTH. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACR. Does my colleague con
sider an increase of our colored population
desirable under existing circumstances?
Mr. ORTH. I might answer my colleague
in the Yankee fashion, by asking him a ques-
tion, whether he considers a decrease of the
laborers of this country desirable?
Mr. X1BLACK. That is not my question.
If ray colleague desires to increase the colored
element in this country I will suggest to him
as the proper method i'or accomplishing that
result that he shouid at ouce propose an
amendment to our naturalization laws so that
colored people may immigrate to this country
and become citizens by naturalization, as white
people are now allowed to do. As is well
known, none but white people can be natural-
ized under existing laws.
Mr. ORTH. I will agree to support such a
bill if my colleague will introduce it.
Mr. X1BLACK. Under no circumstances
in the present condition of the country. I
merely wished to understand my colleague's
position, as he seemed to intimate in the re-
marks which he has just made that the fact
that the people down in this republic of which
he speaks are very black was no sort of objec-
tion in his mind to their being incorporated
among the people of the United States.
Mr. OllTH. If my colleague does not un-
derstand my position on this question after
ha\ ing served in Congress with me for the last
four years 1 do not think he ever will.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana will allow me, I should like to ask his
colleague a question.
Mr. 0 BTH. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to know whether
gentlemen on the other side of the House would
resist the acquisition of territory necessary to
tii- unity of this country, and which experience
has shown would assist greatly toward the
public defense simply because a few colored
laborers happen to live there at this time?
Mr. NIBLA.CK. That is putting the case
very strongly, 'lhe objection might not be
insuperable with me, but it would bean objec-
tion to be taken into account when we come to
consider a measure for the acquisition of more
terriiory. The character of the population
ought always to be considered under such
circumstances, I think.
Mr. BANKS. I consider the gentleman a
convert.
Mr. ORTH. But, Mr. Chairman, 1 forbear
longer to trespass upon the patience of the
House.
I am not of those who fear that the danger
to our Government lies in the direction of ter-
ritorial extension ; but, on the contrary, believe
most firmly that if our history teaches anything S
it teaches "that such extension strengthens our i
Government, increases our wealth, and adds j
to our power and our grandeur. :
Our ilag now floats in the ice-storms of the |
Polar seas; let us by our action in the annexa-
tion of San Domingo suffer the same flag to be
kissed by the breezes of the tropics.
Mr. Loughridge was granted leave to piint
a speech as part of the debates. [See Appen-
dix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. BANKS, (at
nine o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.,j
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : The petition of Biddy A.
Smith, mother of David A. Smith, deceased,
for arrears of pension.
By Mr. BOLES. Papers pertaining to the
case of William Pollard, late second assistant
engineer United States Navy, asking to be
restored to the service.
By Mr. BRADFORD : The joint memorial
of the council and house of representative of
Colorado Territory, in relation to the military
reservation known as Camp Cdlins.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The
petition of Ignatius H. Hutehms, of George-
town, District of Columbia, asking a pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD : 'The petition of H. S.
Green, of Perryton, Ohio, asking for a pension.
By Sir. JUDD : The petition of Mrs. Louisa
Marshall, asking a pension and compensation
for the services of her grandfather in the revo-
lutionary war.
By Mr. TANNER: The petition of John G.
Roberson, private company A, twenty-sixth
regiment. United States colored troops, volun-
teers, for a pension of eight dollars per month,
commencing March 21, 1865.
By Mr. WHITTEMORE: The petition of
Mrs. M. Edtnison, widow ofThomas Edmisou,
late private company A, first Georgia State
troops.
Also, the petition of Sheridan 0. Brenner,
late private company E, eighteenth Wisconsin
infantry, for the removal of the charge of deser-
tion.
Also, the petition of the heirs of John B. Tate,
late of Koxubee county, Mississippi, asking
pay for cotton taken by the Treasury agent and
turned over to the Treasury Department.
IN SENATE.
Tcesbay, April C, 1889.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, recommending an appropriation tor the
relief of the Flathead Indians in Montana:
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial of sundry
citizens of Arkansas, asking for the enforce-
ment of a certain treaty with the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Jacob
L. W. Doxtater, of the Oneida tribe of Indians,
praying for compensation for services rendered
as interpreter for that tribe; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
Mr. SAWYER presented tine- petition of
James Simeons, of South Carolina, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. FENTON presented papers in relation
to the claim of the Davenport Female Orphan
Asvlum to be relieved from taxation ; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the petition of
Polly Hunt, submitted a report, accompanied
■ by a bill (3. No. 260) for the relief of Polly
Hunr, administratrix, and George W. Hunt,
, administrator of the estate of Walter Hunt,
1 deceased. The bill was read and passed to a
; second reading, and the report was ordered to
;j be printed.
!j Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
j Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
I 60) legalizing the stamping of certain subscrip-
[ tion papers executed and issued to the Iowa
I Northern Central Railroad Company, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 21) authorizing
payment to be made for certain services ren-
dered to the United States in the late insur-
rectionary States, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William J. Patton,
collector of internal revenue, second district
of Arkansas, reported adversely thereon.
; Mr. MORRILL, fiom the Committee on
1 Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
I lution (H. R. No. 44) to authorize works of art
intended for exhibition to be introduced into
: the United States without payment of duty,
i reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
' definite postponement; which was agreed to.
I Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
. Appropriations, to whom was referred the bdt
I (H. R. No. 354) making appropriations and
i to supply deficiencies in the appropriations lor
' the service of the Government for the fiscal
vears ending June 80, 1So9. and June 30,18t0,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
memorial of Mrs. Laura A. Turner, praying
that the remains of her husband, E. S.^Turner,
late acting master United States Navy, be
taken from Rio Janeiro and brought to the
United States, reported adversely thereon.
|| Mr. SUMNER. I am also directed by the
II same committee, to whom was referred the
i I report of the Secretary of War, com municating,
l! in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
;j of the lOtb instant, a report of the chiet of
;! engineers upon the military importance of the
!j island of San Juan, to report it back to the
j| Senate and move that it be printed for the use
j! of the Senate.
jj The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT OF TUB DISTRICT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing. to whom was referred a resolution to print
the petition of citizens of the District of Colum-
| bia, praying for the organization of a single
! local government, and that one thousand extra
!j copies be printed for distribution, have in-
; structed me to report it back without ainend-
' ment. It is a trifling thing, and will only cost,
■: five or six dollars. I ask for its present cou-
, sideration.
: There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
R>:snlved, That the petition of the citizeus of tha
District of Columbia, praying for the organization
of a single local government, be printed, sntt ttiat
one thousand extra copies be printed for dia-11
under th- direotion of the Committee of the teen.uo
on the District of Columbia.
: LKVEKS OF THIS MISSISSIPPI.
; ANTHONY. The same committee, to
'i whom was referred a resolution to print extra
ii copies of the report of the Secretary of War
