530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
but a railroad company can take anything
under that act. I have offered this amend-
ment so that there may be no controversy; and
there is none in point of fact under the ori-
ginal bill, because it does not profess to take
away or bestow any right upon any company;
but to make assurance doubly sure, I am will-
ing t.o incorporate this amendment which saves
all the rights of any railroad company who
may claim anything in this grant. That is
what the act provides ; and I do not see why
the amendment should be made to contain the
particular feature now suggested in order to
embarrass its passage or to raise outside issues,
when the act expressly provides that nothing
but a railroad company shall have the benefit
of the grant.
Mr. CONKLING. If it does not inter
rupt my honorable friend, I beg to make £
suggestion to him. Certainly I do not want to
embarrass this proceeding—far from it. He
■will remember, as others will, that this bill was
the subject of discussion at the last session. I
looked into it somewhat myself at the request
of numerous parties in interest; and I make
the suggestion now only because my attention
was called to it in that way. Now, let me sub-
mit to the honorable Senator, suppose some
party, not a railroad company at all, by reason
of nonuser, by lapse of time or in any other
way, has come into rights vested,t>r to be treated
as vested rights; he does not want to divest
them by this legislation; and he not only does
not want to do it as to a particular railroad
company, but he does not as to anybody else.
Now, we have notice, by memorials laid on
our tables, that there are persons so claiming.
They say they-have rights if they are a railroad
company; but if, in truth, they are not a cor-
poration, then they insist that, the laws of the
United States and the laws of Oregon are fully
satisfied nevertheless, and that still they have
vested rights. I do not know whether there
be anything in it or not, but they insist on
that; and if the purpose is fairly to leave every-
body upon the foundation which the law gives,
why not say so? If there is no such person
it will do no harm. But when it is a point in
controversy, first, whether it is necessary that
they should be a corporation in order to take
the grant, or whether a mere association can
do it; and second, when it is in controversy,
whether in point of fact they are a corpora-
tion or not, it seems to be hardly worth while
to tie up legislation by the phrase "a railroad
company," and then insist hereafter that that
. means a corporation as distinguished from an
association or incorporated company.
Mr.^ WILLIAMS. I do not regard it as very
material, but I think that it is wholly unneces-
sary ; and 1 do not think that it ought to be incor-
porated in the bill, because it is legislating for
some impossible thing under an act of Con-
gress. I do not think that the Senator ought
to undertake to amend this amendment by any
proposition of that kind ; but not to take time
I am willing the Senate should vote on it.
Mr. COEBETT. Mr. President, when this
question was up before the Senate some time
ago I presented some facts with regard to it.
There has been some difference of opinion with
regard to the rights of these two companies. I
desire to state, as I understand them, the rela-
tions of these two companies. In the first
place, by a law of the State of Oregon, passed
October 14, 1862, it is provided that—
_ "Whenever three or more persons shall desire to
ineorpoiate themsclves, for the purpose of engaging
an any lawful enterprise, business, pursuit, or occu-
pation they may do so in the manner provided in
this act.
''Sec 2 Such persons shall m&ko and subscribe
written articles of incorporation in triplicate and
acknowledge the same before any officer author-
ized to take the acknowledgment of a deed, and
file one of such art cles in the office of the secretary
of'State, another with the clerk of tho county where
the enterptise, business, pursuit, or occupation is
proposed to be curried on or die principal office or
place of business is proposed to be located, and retain
the thud in the possession of the corporation.
"Slc. 3. The articles of incorporation, or a certified
copy of the one filed with thcseeictary uf State or the
county clerk, is evidence of the existence of such
corporation/'
Under this law there was a company of three
or more individuals formed for the purpose of
receiving this grant of land in the State of
Oregon.- Those persons signed articles of in-
corporation and associated themselves together
for that purpose some time in September, 1866.
On the 6th of October, 1866, the president or
one of the persons who originated this company
filed the articles of incorporation with the sec-
retary of State, or supposed he did so; and I
will read a letter from the secretary of State
setting forth the facts and showing the manner
in which they were filed ;
State op Oregon, Secretary's Office,
Salem, January 5,1869.
Dear Sir: I have no personal knowledge of the
filing of papers in this office, by Mr. Gaston, on the
6th of October, 1866, more than this: that about the
date named (Mr. Gaston says it was the 6th) he pre-
sented mean envelope which he said contained arti-
cles of incorporation of the Oregon Central Kailroad
Company, on which envelope I marked the date in
pencil, (Mr. Gaston says that I marked the docu-
ment instead of the envelope, but I have not seen
the paper since, hence my impressions are that 1
marked the envelope.) I did not examine the con-
tents, did not formally file the paper. Mr. Gaston
wished to retain it in his possession forashort while,
but for legislative purposes desired to say it had been
presented for filing, to which I could, see no objection.
I had forgotten the foregoing circumstances alto-
gether until about the middle of November, 1866,
Hon. J. S. Smith made application to s>ee the arti-
cles of incorporation of the Oregon Central Rail-
road Company. I turned to the usual depository
for such documents, but not until after I had made
thorough search did it occur to me that the articles
referred to were not in my possession.
***********
Your obedient servant,
SAMUEL E. MAT,
Seeretai-y of State.
Hon. Addison C. Gibes, Portland, Oregon.
It is claimed by the parties on the other side,
representing what is called the east side rail-
road company, that these papers wire not
properly filed. It will be observed that it is
stated by the secretary of State that the papers
referred to by Mr. Gaston were placed in his
possession, and that he marked the date upon
the envelope and handed them back to Mr.
Gaston for the purpose of legislation, that is,
to show to parties in the Legislature that such
an organization existed and that a company
had been formed for this purpose. Alter this
company was actually organized according to
those papers it was designated as the company
to receive this grant of land. I also have a
statement from the county clerk of Multnomah
county, which I will read:
State op Oregon, Multnomah county, as.:
I. B. L. Norden, county clerk of said county and
State, do_ hereby certify that upon the instrument
indorsed ** Articles of Incorporation of Oregon Cen-
tral Railroad Company,V filed November 23,1866, by
H. C. Coulson, clerk, and upon the reverse side of
said filing there appears in p'-neil these words,
"October 6,1866," erased with ink, as nearly as possi-
ble like unto the pencil entry and ink erasure on the
third line above this line.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and official seal, this 9th day of January, A. D.
1S09.
Cn. s.] B. L. NORDEN,
County Clerk, Multnomah county, Oregon.
It appears that there were three sets of pa-
pers according to jaw prepared, and that there
was one retained ia the possession of the com-
pany, one filed with the secretary of State, and
one with the county clerk of Multnomah county.
It appears that the one that was filed with the
secretary of State on the 6th of October, 1866,
was afterward withdrawn for legislative pur-
poses, and by mistake was sent to the couuty
clerk of Multnomah county, and a duplicate
was replaced with the secretary of State.
Therefore they claim that the law was fully
carried out so far as the filing of those papers
was concerned, and that the Legislature hav-
ing designated them by a joint resolution as
the company to receive this land grant, no suc-
ceeding Legislature has a right to designate
another company or to repeal that designation.
The company in accordance with the law filed
their acceptance with the Secretary of the In-
terior, and- the Secretary of the Interior recog-
nized Mr. Gaston's company or the west side
company, as it is termed, as the company en-
titled to the tend grant. They claim that they
have vested rights by their recognition by the
Secretary of the Interior, and that the com-
pany subsequently formed have not aright, nor
had the Legislature the power, to designate that
company subsequently formed as against the
first company. I call attention to the act of
Congress of June 25, 1868, entitled "An act
to amend 'An act entitled an act granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telSgraph line from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland, in Oregon,' "
in these words:
"Be it enaetedby the Senate and II',use of Representa-
tives of the United State« of America in Congresft assem-
bled, That section six of an act entitled "An act
granting iands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Central Pacific rail-
road, in California, to Portland,iri Oregon,"approved
July 25,1866, be so amended as to provide that in-
stead of the times now fixed in said section, the first
section of twenty miles of said railroad and telesraph
shall be completed within eighteen months from the
passage of this act, and at least twenty miles in each
two years thereafter, and the whole on or before the
1st day of July, A. D. 1880."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from Oregon suspend his remarks? The
morning hour has expired. The unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, which
is the joint resolution (H. R. No. 6) for the
protection of the interests of the United States
in the Union Pucific Railroad Company, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to theainendmentof the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 beg the Senate to give
me a few minutes longer. As soon as my col-
league concludes I am willing to take the vote.
The VICE PRBS1DENI\ For what length
of time does the Senator desire to postpone
the unfinished business?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know how long
my colleague desires to take.
Mr. CORBEIT. I presume it can be dis-
posed of in the course of an hour.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot yield for such a
length of time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator to give
me thirty minutes longer.
Mr. HOWARD. I will not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Williams] moves that the
unfinished business be postponed until half
past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBET!'. It will be observed that
this extension of time for the completion of
the twenty miles of road did not extend the
time for filing the papers ; that no other road
was designated. It was contemplated by thisaet
to grant further time for the completion of the
road; but it did not grant any time for any
parties to file papers, as the Oregou Central
railroad, as then understood, had filed papers
m the Department, and had been recognized
by the Secret? ry of the Interior as the parties
who were entitled to the land grant. They
went on under this extension of time, and
have commenced wotk and expended a large
amount of money on this road. They obtained
credit, induced citizens of Oregon to invest
their monej' in the road and to subscribe, and
induced the different counties to give them a
certain amount of money for the prosecution
and completion of the work, upon the under-
standing that they were the company desig-
nated, and that the Secretary of the Interior
had recognized them.
The Legislature of Oregon, one year after
the time had expired for any other companv
to file their papers of acceptance of this grant,
pretended that they had acted under misap-
prehension ; that this company was not legally
authorized; and therefore they went on and set
forth that they had acted under misapprehen-
sion, and then proceeded to designate another
company If the Legislature could do that
they could, as they attempted to do, repeal
the ratification by the State of the fourteenth
article of amendment of the Constitution. That
amendment had been ratified by the previous
Legislature ; but this subsequent Legislature
attempted to repeal that ratification. Was it
