1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SSI
recognized ? No ; we could not recognize any-
thing ot'that kind. This company having been
designated, another Legislature, two yearg
thereafter, after the time had elapsed for them
to file papers accepting this grant, could not
designate another road. To show that the
Secretary of the. Interior did recognize this
road I will read the following letter:
department of the Intebior,
w ashingtok. d. 0.. July 17. 1868.
Sib: X have receivedyourletter ofthe 16th instant
anil accompanying pa|)^, purporting to bean accept-
ance by the Oregon Central Railroad Company of
the grant made by the act of July 25.1866.
This was a letter addressed to what is now
termed the east side company, who desired to
obtain this grant, and was last designated by
the Legislature-
By law the company was required to file an as?ent
to its terms and conditions within one year. That
time. expired July 23.1867, and this paper, if sufficient
for that purpose, could not now be received.
I state for your information that J. Gaston, presi-
dent of 'the OrKROn Central Railroad Company,
within the time prescribed in that act filed an assent,
which "as received.
In compliance with your request I inclose a copy
of my letter of the 8th instant to Mr. Gaston in re-
gaid to maps u  be filed iu this Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
0. H. BROWNING.
Secretary.
A. M. LoBYKi, present.
Thisshows that the Secretary of the Interior,
as late as July 17, 18G8, declined to recognize
what is called the east side railroad, and did
recognize what is called the west side railroad
in consequence of their having filed the maps
within a certain limited time,as designated by
the act.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Oregon how many miles of
either of these two roads are constructed ?
Mr. CORBETT. I will state there has been
a large amount of grading done by each side,
i believe that what is called the east side road
is claimed to have graded something like thirty,
•or forty, or fifty miles, perhaps, of ground,
and the west side road, which was the first
company designated, has built many expensive
bridges, one a mile in extent going out of the
city of Portland. They claim that they have
expended something over one hundred thou-
sand dollars in commencing this work, and they
are only delayed in this work now by this other
company, designated by the subsequent Legis-
lature, contesting their rights.
I mill read another letter, from James P.
Flint, of San Francisco, who was once a mem-
ber of what is now called the east side com-
pany. Thi-letter was addressed to Mr. Perine,
wliu was then in his employ in Portland, Ore-
gon, for the paipose of organizing another
company;
San Francisco, February 22,186S.
Bear Sir: You have two most important points to
make on your visit to Oregon. First, to get possession
ot ibe oriRinat organization of the Oregon Central
railroad either by disorganization, or it would be far
better to hare that assigned to your company. This
is most important. Second, to harmonize all parties
in liie State i  lavor of your eoinpany, even it you
ba.vu to buy them. I have told Mr. Reed-
Mr. Reed was of the east side company—
that I should advise an amount of stock to be given
to bueii parties :ls are mostiufliieiitial. He named the
preferred stock, but I told liim that could not be
jciv-eii, as it was required to build the road, as much
so ai the bonds. I do not think it necessary for you
to givo one dollar of the preferred stock; but the
common stock you can afford to give, and to the right
parties Ishould do so most liberally. You can easily
show that the preferred.etock must help and most be
kept especially for the raising of i'uads to help build
theroad. 1 think I have satisfied Reed of this, lou
mur!t hold up the idea of the value ofthe stock, and
mat it wi-l pay in a year or two after the road is
completed ; and I think heieels that it will bo so.
Ynu ought to h ive the help and good fe lin? of the
whole Stale to go on smoothly. You will want the
as.-iMaiKe ot the next Legislature beyond a doubt,
and this must be had.
Ti uly. I remain, yours, JAMEg p FLIKT.
Mr. PrmxE.
This was a letter written to one of the east
Mth' company, advising him to get possession
of the diiginal organization oi what is now
called the west side company.
Nuw, sir, the history of this company is set
forth in this pamphlet by Mr. Gaston, the pres-
ident, of the road. As I was present at the
Legislature at the time of the organization,
and was one of the original corporators, 1 know
something of the circumstances of the case.
Although not a stockholder in the road I was
one of the original corporators. I am not now
interested to the extent of a dollar in the road
in any way, shape, or form; bat I desire to do
justice to all parties concerned in this road,
and I must represent those pat ties who are in
interest and who claim that they were first
designated as the road to receive this grant.
In justice to them I read the following:
" History of the Organization ofthe Oregon Central
, Railroad Comprint/.—TBe balern company [tliat is.
i the east side company] pretends to give a. history of
; the organization ot the west side company. They
t say that' a number of gentlemen conceived the idea
! of associating themselves together as a corporation
i under the name of the Oregon Central Railroad
Company.' The facts are as follows, and to be truth-
ful and intelligible require a degree of personal
history not allowable under.any other circumstances.
After seeing the provisions of the act of Congress
granting lands the undersigned resolved to organize
a corporation to receive the grant.
**lie is the author of tbe name 'Oregon Central
Railroad Company,' and drew up the articles of in-
corporation. They were presented first to J. S.
South and I. It. Moore* on September 29, 1866, who
signed them at once, as with these two gentlemen,
but with no others,signingtherehad been some pre-
vious consultation- Tuey were presented next to J.
H. Mitchell, who at first declined 10 have anything
to do with the matter, on the ground that he was
unable to aid it with mouej, but afterward signed
witlTthe express agreement that he was not to be
asked to contribute any money. Judge Shattock
then signed with the same agreement as to money,
and with the stipulation that I wouid get John Mc-
Crakeu, Mr. Ladd, and others, in Portland, to sign
them. Jesse Appiegate, F. A. Coenoweth, and Joel
Palmer then signed. I then presented them to Hon.
H. W. Corbett, United States Senator. I had sev-
eral interviews with Mr. Corbett, and he hesitated
long before taking hold cf the mutter, on the ground
that he did not want to go into matters which might
tail, and he had doubts of this. He also objected to
a secret agreement (explained hereatter) waich Mr. [
Moores and Samuel Clark were proposing; but on '
my assurances that this secret agreement snould be
repudiated, and that W. S. Ladd, J. C. Amesworth,
R. H. Tneupson. S. G. Reed, and Henry Fielding,
ot Portland, should be requested to go into the cor-
poration, as they were capitalists interested in tbe
country, in whom he had confidence, he signed the
articles."
These gentlemen were men of capital, and
I expressly insisted that if this organization
was ioroied some men of means should be
induced to join it, and that they should be
allowed to sign those papers and become a
part of the organization to carry on this work,
i remember it distinctly, it being brought to
my mind at this time :
game to get control—commenced and pushed by
tbem while they knew the exact condition of the
articles of incorporation, as Moores was himself as-
asistant secretary of State—i went up to Corvallis
and had a conference with F. A. Cbenoweth, now a
director in the east side company, and Cbenoweth
assisted in preparing a power of attorney autnonzing
myself to open thesto- k-books, bcius? tbe first man to
sign the document. Coming back to S.tleiu 1 called
Mr. Moores intoGovernor Woods's office and asked
him to sign my authority. Hedeeiiaedonthe ground
that he was opposed to the *Birry survey,* which
thisdocutnent proposed to pay for with Moek. Hav-
ing some words at that time, it was agieed that we
should meet in the Crovernor'3 office that evening,
November 10. Wc met, J 11. Moores, J. S. Smith,
Sam. A. Clark, Governor Woods, and myself being
present. Considerable talk was had. The condi-
tion of the s rtieles of* incorporation was referred to.
Governor Woods and myself favored taking into
the company the Portland men named by Senator
Corbett. The others did not lavor if, aud Clark vio-
lently opposed it. Butit was tben aud there agreed
that I should go to Portland thenext day and seethe
Portland men and 'get them' * interested' in the
company. I did go thenext day as the agent and
represen tati ve of All the persons then in the corpora-
tion; and without instructions as to the way tha
* Portland men' should become 'interested.' Gov-
ernor Woods had prior to this got up a scheme to
interest them which has been explained under the
head of 'secret fraudulent agreements/^ The Gov-
ernor gave me letters to a Portland capitalist, aad
I made arrangements with certain of the Portland
incorporators to advancc a large amount of money
to start the enterprise, got their signature to the
articles of incorporation, returned to Salem, and
handed the papers to Secretary May, at the post
office on the morning of November 21, and he went
to bis office and unlawfully filed them of that date,
instead of leaving his original filing of October 6
stand."
It appears that the secretary of State of
Oregon on the 21st of November received these
papers back, and marked upon them the u21st
of November" instead of the 4,6th of Octo-
ber,'7 as he had previously marked the papers.
Every one knows that when papers are filed
with an officer he usually writes upon them
the date anjJ lays them away for formal filing
thereafter ;vand that, I believe, is considered
iesral. Whether it was legal for Mr. Gaston to
withdraw those papers afterward is a question
which appears to have been taken advantage
of by the east side company to contest this
right. It seems to me that that is wholly tech-
nical, and that the west side company were
actually designated. I was present myself and
know of these corporators having signed the
agreement, and that they were known by the
Legislature, and were actually designated as
the company to receive this grant. Now, to
allow this second company to come in aud
claim the grant after the other company have
u gone on under tbe recognition of the Secretary
"On the 6th day of October, 1866, four days before j Interior and expended a large sum of
land grant, 1 took the articles ot incorporation to r the grant is hUeiy to be lo&t to the bfate ±
Samuel hi. May, secretary ot State, handed them to 'j ciaiul the firbt company designated should
|| have its tech,aical iunpe,:tecti.onsa^nded^and
filing ot tbat date in pencil ou the oaek oi it, instead ij that they should be allowed to go on witti tne
ol filing H jn mk.r I told the secretary 1 desired other , worji u,,der the first designation.
I understand that these parties claim that
the first company designated was not in lull
operation ; that it was not legally organized.
They were sufficiently organized to be desig-
nated as the company to receive the grant. If
there is any technical difficulty in their way
the question is should another company be
allowed now to file papers in order to coine iu
and contest the right ot this first company
designated ? It seems to me that without a
judicial investigation of this question it would
be wrong to do that, and this question is be-
fore our courts in a particular form there.
One of the companies has sued the other for
using its name, and the question is being tested,
as I understand, in the courts.
     , Suppose this east side company be now al-
iiicorporatois. MrTldooves did not lavor il, and X ;'i ]owe<i time to file these papers, and on exam-
eouhl uot. understand his motive. Boon alter 1 ] ■ ^ tiie eoarts it is ascertained that there
learned irom letters Irom two ot iue incorpoiatois ■ , , j
that JSir. Sam. Clark had privately written to aU the ,i is ati imperlecaoti m the west bi<L orga iza
ineoiporatois to get their proxies to Mr. Moores ;; tjon? wfaat will be the result? Ite Secretary
  .u.. —.a. t' - C|ie Interior is authorized to receive the
names added. He handed me b ick the papers. I
toid persons that they had been Sled,* the secretary
of State told other persons the same thing; nod they
wore filed in taet aud in law October 8,1866."
This corresponds with the letter of the sec-
retary of State, in which he says that these
papers were presented to him on the 6th of
October, 186(5;
"Mr. Melvin was requested to sign the papers be-
cause he wa* an active workingman, and had some
experience m railroads. Govei nor Wood's was allowed
to sign the papers because he desired to do so and
requested that privilege. r
*• Soon alter the adjournment of the Legislature 1
had a taik with J. R. .Moores, the present president
ot the east side company, in relation to organizing
the company. Mr. Moores opposed any canvass
among the people before electing directors as wholly
useless aud absurd. 1 proposed a meeting ot the in-
corporators. and tor th.it purpose aagrgeateti a notice
in the Oregoman calling a public meeting ot the
would have given CUrk and ^Moores the control ot ,V, ..xr.n . th^ fonmanv
the corporation. I wrote to tbe incorporators m papers ot tne new organization , the co j
relation to the matter.and General Palmer and some s {\Vdt wa?s designated ana nrst went ou ana
others of them witndivw their proxies, leaving OiarK
and Moores without power to do any harm: and fteie
was the commencement of the war Wuswu by Moons,
Clark, aud others in the east side eoiui>auy against
m^vlf tor the pitst two year?.
"As soon as I learned ^about Xovembcr <) that
Moores and Clark were engaged in this underhand
expended its money under that designation
will he entirely thrown out. lin-y ch...n that
thev have vested rights wider il.h d^;Si aMon,
and that if there is any liii^r^ctaoii m it that
should becured. Now, the question is whether
