532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Congress should interfere and give these other
parties a right to come in and contest the
question before the courts when they have no
standing in court at the time. After the ques-
tion is examined by the courts, and it is decided
whether either of them has a right, then it
may be proper for Congress to extend this
time ; but before that decision of the courts it
is entirely improper for Congress to interfere,
and I tiiink that this company ought not to
have their rights taken away from them in this
manner, it is not just to them. 1 understand
that the east side company did not for a long
time claim any right uuder the land grant
until the Legislature convened 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ore-
gon will suspend his remarks. The hour of
half past one o'clock having arrived, to which
the order of the day was postponed, it is now
before the Senate.
Mr. WHjLlAMS. I will ask my colleague
if he will not allow us to take a vote on this
bill at this time. He has said pretty much all
he has to say about it.
Mr. CORBET I'. I should like to explain
this question fully, and if the Senate then de-
termine to give this right to the east side
company, for this bill virtually gives it, if
there is any technicality in the organization
of the first company 
Mr. HOWARD. I must insist on calling
up the order of the day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from Michigan for his courtesy
in allowing me this time. I cannot ask for any
more now ; but I shall expect that the Senate
will not allow this sort of tactics to obtain;
and I hope before the adjournment of the ses-
sion to obtain a vote on this bill.
Mr. HOW ARD. I have only fb say that I
sympathize entirely with the honorable Senator
from Oregon respecting the use that has been
made of the past half hour.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed the bill (S. .No. 200)
relating to freedmen's hospitals.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 19) enabling actual settlers to purchase
certain lands of the Great and Little Osage In-
dians, with amendments ; in which itreauested
the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the Houso had signed the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 51) authorizing the trans-
fer of certain appropriations heretofore made ;
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident.
little 110ck and fort smith railroad.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate and of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad to call up Senate
bill No. 236. It wi 11 nottake over half a minute
to pass it. It is a very important bill. It ex-
tends a grant of land in our State. There is
no opposition to it. If there is any objection
to it 1 will withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Senator
from Arkansas asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill mentioned
by him. Is there any objection ?
Mr. HOWARD. If it is not likely to lead
to debate I will not object.
Mr. RICE. If it does I will withdraw it.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 236) to extend the time
for the Little Rock and Fort Smith Railroad
Company to coin plete the first section of twenty
miles of said road. The bill proposes to so
amend an act approved July 28,1866, entitled
''ibi act to revive and extend the provisions
of an act granting the right of way and making
a grant of laad to the States of Arkansas and
Missouri, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from a point upon the Mississippi river,
opposite the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little
Rock, to the Texas boundary near Fulton, in
Arkansas, with branches to Fort Smith and
the Mississippi river," approved February 9,
1853, and for other purposes, as to extend the
time to the Little Rock and Fort Smith Rail-
road Company for building the first section
of twenty miles provided for in the second sec-
tion of that act for the term of three years
from the 13th of May, 1867, the time of filing
the certificate of organization to the company
provided for in the third section of that act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 261) to reorganize the clerical force
of the Department of the Interior, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the joint select Committee on Re-
trenchment, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 262) to provide for the removal
of political disabilities ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the select Committee
on the Kemoval of Political Disabilities,' and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARNliR asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 263) to establish certain post roads in the
State of Alabama; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
' reports of retrenchment committee.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Remlved bp the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That three thousand extra copies
of the report of the Committee on Retrenchment
relating to the diplomatic and consular service be
printed for the use ot the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
liemlved, That, five thousand additional copies of
the report of thejointselect Committee oil Retrench-
ment made Moiuh 3,1869, be printed, without the
testimony, for the use of the Senate.
amendments to deficiency bill
Mr. Drake, Mr. Williams, Mr. Pomeroy,
Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Nye submitted amend-
ments intended to be proposed to the bill (H.
11. No. 354) making appropriations and. to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
years ending June 80, 1869, and June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes; which were referred
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
pay of southern senators.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to pay the Senators from the States of North
Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Ark-
ansas. and Louisiana the compensation allowed by
law, to be computed from the commencement of the
second session of the Fortieth Congress. •
I move that the resolution lie on the table
for the present. I shall call it up at another
time.
The motion was agreed to.
bill, etc., become laws.
A Siessage from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the following act and
joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 190) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1864, by extend-
ing eertsft penalties to accessories;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 33) relating to
Government buildings at Fort Totten, Dakota
Territory; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 42) respecting
the pay and allowauees of enlisted men of ih<_
Army.
message fltom the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the f'ol-
lowi g bills ; in which it Requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 256) to provide for taking
the ninth census;
A bilL (H. li. No. 403) to establish certain
post roads; and
A bill (H. R. No. 404) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of New Mexico imposing a
capitation tax on bovine cattle.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a resolution to suspend the
sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules of the two
Houses for the remainder of the session ; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
osage indian lands.
The Senate proceeded to consider tile amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) enabling actual
settlers to purchase certain lands of the Great
and Little Osage Indians ; and
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Revolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the b;iid
resolution, and ask a eontereaee ou the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Pomekox, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Dayis.
tapers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That Sister Xavier have leave to wit 6-
draw from the files of the Senate the petition ot the
Sisters of Mercy, of Charleston, and the petition of
members of the South CarolinaLegislaturo, praying
for an appropriation to rebuild the orphan asylum
at Charleston.
personal explanation.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the order of
the day.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 ask the Senate to give
me a few moments to answer my colleague.
Will the gentleman from Michigan give way
for one minute for an explanation ?
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the order of the
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of the day is before the Senate without a vote.
Mr. CORBEIT. As my colleague has made
an allusion to "tactics" here, 1 wish to be
allowed to make a personal explanation if the
Senate will allow me.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that that is not
in order at this time.
Mr. CORBETT. I will take buta moment.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of the day is before the Senate, being the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 6) for ihe protection of
the interests of the United States in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. shekman]
to the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Howakd.]
Mr. STEWART. I think it but just that the
Senator from Oregon, who desires to make a
personal explanation, should be allowed to do
so. I believe 1 have the floor, and I am will-
ing to yield for that purpose. I do not sup-
pose he will occupy much time.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 do not wish to occupy
long.
Mr. STEWART. I yield to allow the Sen-
ator to make his explanation.
Mr. CORBEIT. My colleague remarked
that he hoped to be able to get a vote on the
railroad bill notwithstanding the kind of tac-
tics resorted to this morning. ][ desire to state
