1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
the Great Salt Lake valley, access to the trade
of that valley, access to coal, anda convenient !
place for both ioads. But to send them out i
of the valley oil either side would be a great !
detriment to them. There is no coal on the J
line of the Central Pacific, but Ogden is with- <
in a very few miles of abundance of coal which !
wi'l furnish a supply for that company. Those }
who will (ravel over the country will see that I
that is the place that nature designed for this J
junction. |
We shall have to examine a little into the j
manner in which this race has been conducted, \
and see how each party has attempted to get >
the most of the road. The Union Pacific have ;
run their road as rapidly as they could without ,
making their location in advance and having 1
it approved. In order to make distance they j
have skipped a very important tunnel, and laid '
a very precipitous track around it; so precip- j
itous that they have to have side-shoots. Breaks I
will not hold the cars. They have an up-hill ;
grade, and when they get to running too fast '
they give a signal and it is turned off and run j
up lull. There is a regular break-neck con- j
trivance to get over that mountain, a zig zag
Secretary of the Interior, are hereby authorized to
locate, construct, and continue th-eir road eastward
in a continuous completed line until they shall meet
and connect wah the Union Pacific railroad."
Then it is very clear that they mast build it
on a line that is located with the consent and
approval of the Secretary of the Interior. I
do not suppose any lawyer would pretend that
they could go off the located line and elaim
bonds, or claim that they could entitle them-
selves to anything, if they did not comply with
this law. Some tribunal had to be fixed to
determine the rights of these parties, and the
Secretary of the Interior was selected as that
tribunal. If any rights have grown up under
this law by the action of either party it would
be a gross violation of private right for Con- I
gress to attempt to interfere with them. !
tinuous completed line.1
They were entitled to go, then, three hun-
dred miles beyond their completed line. Some
question was made with regard to it, and Mr.
Conness, ol California, explained how this
provision came to be adopted, and said:
Company. I will read the clause, and then I
will read from the debate to show who had it
inserted:
"Provided. That each of the above-named com-
panies shall have the right, when the nature of the
2 with places to rest, stopping the velo^yfo? jj
anotlier start. 1 hey nave got the Government li railroad, require it, to work for an extent of not to
commissioners to call that a road, and they ! m>,!esiua<ivanee of their con-
have got their Government bonds on that road.
They have not dug outthe tunnel. They have
no continuous line to Ogden, or within many
miles of Ogden. That is the course they have
taken to get distance, so that they could claim
that they might go on toward Ogden. They
did attempt to jump over four or five hundred
miies, and spent some two hundred thousand
dollars at Humboldt Wells, in my State, last
July, August, and September; but they saw
they could not cover up that distance", and
abandoned it. They played these games until
they put their adversaries on their guard.
Now, 1 wish to show how the Central Pacific
have got their legal rights in this matter. There
is no doubt about it. In 1866 the question of
bringing these roads together was discussed,
and the chairman of the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, always watchful about such
things, always endeavoring to anticipate dif-
ficulties and preventthera, told the committee,
as 1 most distinctly recollect, '"the very next
bill we pass we must fix it so that these roads
will have to come together, for I foresee dif-
ficulty and all agreed that it was right and
proper that that should be done. You will see
that either road going forward without having
the line designated is a simple trespasser.
They have no right to stick a spade in the
ground outside or beyond the designated line,
no right to a bond or anything of the kind.
The object of having a designated line was to
bring them together on the same line. There
was already a vague rumor that the Union
Pacific would turn off in one direction and
the Central would go down through Colorado,
and they would not meet; that they would get
into such a fix that they would try to have two
roads. The Senator from Michigan said that
that must not happen. Now, 1 call the spe-
cial attention of the Senate to the law of July
S. 18150 :
head of Echo summit, a distance of some
sixty-nine miles east of Ogden. This was ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Interior, as the
law made him the final judge of that matter.
After his approval the Central company pro-
ceeded, under this proviso that allowed them
to go three hundred miles in advance of the
construction, to work upon the line. They had
a legal right to work upon this line. They had
a right to go three hundred miles beyond their
constructed line. They did so, and drew part
pay for it.
The very effort that has been made by verbal
j statements, outside statements, to show that
■ there was not an approved line proves conclu-
sively that the law is too clear for cavii. Will
hearsay evidence of what A B s^d when he
This is not all. There is another clause in ,! ^-n°" b? ali°wed,t0 se'!\h"
this law which appears to have been inserted jl v ? WilPf n 5 which rights
at the instance of the Union Pacific Railroad ™ J1 I! Cot'gress undertake to say
that General Dodge may come in here by an
affidavit and set aside a solemn adjudication,
where rights have already vested, by statements
about conversations with the Secretary of the
Interior and conversations with surveying par-
ties? That is not my idea of getting rid of a
solemn adjudication. 1 he fact that it was an
approved plan was of record, and no collateral
evidence can be received on the question. It
is not pretended that it is not on the approved
line. There is no evidence here that the Cen-
tral Pacific company is not on that line. If
they are on that line they have a legal right to
that road, and I undertake to say that if the
United States should withhold the bonds they
would have a legal claim and they could go
" That, the Union Pacific Railroad Company, with
the eonscut and approval of the Secretary of the '
Interior, are hereby authorized to locate, construct,
audeentinue their road from Omaha, in Xebraska
Territory, westward according to the best and most
practicable route, and without reference totheimtial
thouirh I do not give pai tiouiar weight to what Gen
eral Dix savs, that his objections to the second sec-
tion which he di=cusses do not apply to the second
section as now beibi e the Senate. The Union Pacific
Railroad Company have representatives here. There
are many gentlemen here who have greater in v-st-
rnenkin tlieUuion Pacific Railroad Company than
General Dix has, or than Mr. Durant has, and they
have been consulted with, and the first draft or the
second section that we prepared has been set aside
at their insi anee. We have prepared a section ac-
ceptable to them, which they stated that they
accepted. It is very different from the section as
proposed originally."
The original section was without the proviso
saying that they should only go to the extent
of the completed line. They complained that
they wished to go into the Rocky mountains,
to Salt Lake, and it was conceded that they
might go three hundred miles in advance of
theircompleted line:
"It contains this proviso; they claimed that thev i
wanted the privilege of working ahead of a contin-
uous completed line; they might want to do that; !
and so we have made this provision; [
Provided, That each of 1 he above-named com- :
panies shall have the right, when the nature of the i
work to be done b> reason of deep cuts and tunnels'— ,
" And there is a trifling verbal amendment there '
adopted"— I
"'to work for an extent of not to exceed three hun- ,
dred miles in advance of their continuous completed
lines.'
" Under this section as it now stands they may
engage in doing difficult work for a distance of three
hundred tailes in advance of a eontinuouseompleted
line. Theie can be no reasonable objection to the
section at all. I hope we shall come to a vote." I
Then it was put in for the express purpose
of allowing them to go three hundred miles
ahead to do difficult work ; and, that the Senate j
may understand it, I will state that the eighth |
section of the original railroad act provides that |
for partial work in these hard places there shall j
be a part payment. That was in the original i
law ; but this subsequent law limited that dis- I
tance to three hundred miles. So under the !
point on the one hundredth meridian of west longi- |; ,   „j*„    „„„ ,, ,
tnde, as now provided by law, in a continuous, emu- 1 i '** 5 the road taoiu& on upon the line as appro\ ed
pli'ied line until they shall meet and connect with j by the Secretary ot the Interior, and doing
theOentral Pacific Railroad Company of California."  
The Union Pacific Railroad Company, with
the consent and approval of the Secretary of
the Interior, were allowed to locate their line
of road. What authority have they to locate
it without the consent and approval of the
Secretary of the Interior? They have no right
to build until they locate it. They have a right
to locate a line with the consent and approval
of i In: Secretary of the Interior. And the law
then goes on to say:
"And the Central Pacific Railroad Company of
Luliiornin. with the f'fmxmit nn<i',nhi>mviii nf th«
work in hard places, could receive partial pay ,
j and might legitimately do it.
! I do not know that the Senate paid partic-
i ular attention to the letters of the Secretary of
; the Interior that were read by the Senator from
: Michigan yesterday ; but it is sufficient for my
• purpose to state here that these letters show
; that the Central Pacific company, from the
I beginning, have worked upon a line located
and approved by the Secretary of the Interior.
| Every inch of the line was located and ap-
j proved by the Secretary of the Interior. They
California, with the consent and"approval of the >' went ou to file their locations as far as th
^ before the Court of Claims for compensation.
' Congress says to a company, '• If you will
■ do certain things you may do certain acts and
expend your motley in a certain way with the
! approval of the Secretary of the Interior."
The company predicate their action upon that
; approval, upon that declaration of Congress,
! and come here and demand their legal rights.
I Bonds have been properly issued to the Cen-
i tral Pacific company to Ogden, and the prop-
I osition is to pay another company for building
! another line. Why? Because that other com-
J pany has not been fairly dealt with. Knt, sir,
j how is it as to the other company ? Have they
got no illegal bonds? Why did they pass that
tunnel ? If they bad done as the Central
Pacific did, and worked out their tunnels as
they went along, they would be this side of
Echo summit, and a longer distance from
Ogden than the Central road. The Central road
will be to Ogden within the next thirty days,
early in May. They have got the material on
hand; they have made all the preparations to
Carry out the obligations that they have assumed.
There is no difficulty about the road being com-
pleted by the time the snow is off the ground
sufficiently to enable the Union Pacific to get
in a condition to run. By the time they can
get that dangerous tunnel completed, and get
their work in order to meet upon this iins, they
will be united at Ogden.
I could go on at length to criticise the man-
agement of the Utjion Pacific road, to show
that they have worked for distance and noth-
ing else. I have in my hand a letter from fifty
passengers who crossed over that road, show-
ing its bad management and bad faith, this
very winter. I would not use this letter if I
had not come in contact with several hundred
men who have crossed over the road and seen
its management. They allow a few inches of
snow to block it up. They will not furnish
■ engines. They pay no attention to the eou-
j venience of the public. I do not know that I
I can do better than allow this letter to be read.
I know many of the men who have signed it.
If there is any doubt about it it can be corrob-
orated by two or three hundred men who are
; now in town. It may as well be read. When
j the merits of these two companies are to be
| discussed let the men, who passed over the
; Sierra Nevada mountains with nine feet of
| snow there under a house, and then passed
; over the Union Pacific road, speak. 1 ask
1 that the U-tur be read.
