538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the heavy responsibility of deciding for him-
self and the country the point at which these
two lines of road shall meet. Of course he
will not be able to examine the ground himself.
That is entirely out of the question. He can
only rely upon tlie report which may be made
to him by the five eminent citizens mentioned
in the second section. He must rely upon
what they say, and he is to appoint thein. It
will be obvious to every member of the Senate
at once that in order to obtain the appoint-
ments upon this commission spoken of in the
second section be will be importuned by both
these parties, both companies.
The Union Pacific will want such and such
and such persons appointed upon this commis-
sion ; the Central Pacific will want such and
such and such persons, and the President will
be importuned in every possible form in which
self-interest can present itself, and insidious
representations, because men are governed by
their self-interest in this world ; and it is pos-
sible, nay, it is probable, that the board which
may be thus constituted will some of them be
acting in the interest of the one or the other
company in the prosecution of their labors. I
wish to avoid all that. I wish to establish by
law the commissioners who are to do this great
act. I prefer that the world should know now
and here, in the form of a legislative act, whom
the persons are selected for the performance
of this great duty. I do not wish it to be done
in a corner, i do not wish to see the appoint-
ment of this board of commissioners the re-
sult of these importunities, presented to the
appointing power.
I have 110 doubt that the President of the
United States would exercise his best skill and
judgment; I have no doubt that he would act
with perfect honesty and impartiality in regard
to the appointment of the board; but, I think
we ought to relieve him from the performance
of this high responsibility. I think we ought
to name the persons ourselves in whom we,
as the legislative body, have complete and
undoubted trust for the prompt performance
of this duty. I have therefore inserted in my
amendment the names of five as eminent and
honest men, I think, as can be found in the
United States, and each and all of whom I
believe are entirely free from all taint of inter-
est or prejudice in reference to the one or the
other of these two companies. I will say here
that General Halleck is, in the first place, a
very sound, able, well-iustructed lawyer, in
whose integrity and honor I have the most
perfect confidence. As for General Canby and
the rest of the persons named in my amend-
ment, I have equal confidence in their integrity
and impartiality. I hope we shall imitate the
example which we set at the last Congress in
appointing the Indian commission for the set-
tlement of our difficulties with the Indian
tribes, and name jn the act the very commis-
sioners who are to perform the duty. I can
see no rational objection to it. Then, sir, if
any mistake is made, if any injustice is done
by this board, the responsibility will fall upon
us as_ the law-making power, and not upon the
President of the United States.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the amendment to
the amendment will not be adopted. We have
already agreed upon apian of settling the ques-
tion by authorizing the President to take the
proper steps by the amendment which we have
adopted.
Sir. NYE. I do not like this amendment of
the honorable Senator from Michigan ; and
upon the question of the final passage of the
measure before the Senate I shall have some
reasons to submit why it should not pass at all.
I do not like this amendment for the reason
that the arbiter in regard to the terminus of
this road is found in the law itself, and I know
of no reason why that should be changed. The
officer to whom this question has been hereto-
fore submitted has retired, but the office lives,
and I believe it is filled by a gentleman who
commands the universal respect of the Senate
and the country—the present Secretary of the
Interior. I am opposed to disturbing this
question at all; and by disturbing it as we now
propose to do we set an example by which the
two companies, whose interests are in the future
somewhat to be joint but are separate and sev-
eral in their interests at the present time, can
overreach each other by artifice or design, in
direct opposition to the mandate of the author-
ity that is to determine this terminus ; and just
that moment you set a legislative example to
which I am opposed, that an artful, a design-
ing, or dishonest company may hazard the
interests of the other wbich is seeking to com-
ply with and respect the law.
It is an invitation to dishonesty on one part
or the other. Who has complained of the pres-
ent arbiter? No one but the Union Pacific
Company. The Central Pacific Company, upon
whose line I reside, have not complained at all.
They take the law and the officer of the law
denominated in it as their guide and direction.
By that rule of action they have been governed;
by that rule of action they propose to be gov-
erned till their work is completed. I object in
toto to this mode of maneuvering. And now,
sir, to make the strongest possible demonstra-
tion that I can, I take the exact condition of
things that exists at this moment. What is it?
I undertake to say—and I challenge contra-
diction from any advocate of the Union Pa-
cific here—that the Central Pacific Company
have obeyed the letter and the mandate of the
law to the last iota; they have located their
road, and it has received the official sanction
of the arbiter fixed by the law.
Mr. HOWARD. _ Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him a moment?
The effect of my amendment, if the honorable
Senator wilt attend to it, is only this: it requires
the board of commissioners therein named to
fix the point at which these two railroads shall
meet, but to fix it upon the line which has
already been approved and consented to by
the Secretary of the Interior. They are not to
depart from that line; they are to require both
roads to meet upon that line somewhere, but
that point of meeting must be determined
somehow and by somebody. The law does not
at present fix that point of meeting, and we
know not where it will be fixed. If left to the
companies to arrange this point between them
selves the danger is that they will never fix
the point of meeting, but quarrel about it till
doomsday.
Mr. N YB. Precisely so ; but I want to assert
here and inform my honorable friend that
nature has fixed the point of meeting of these
roads; and I can tell the honorable Senator
and the Senate what the struggle iifor. Ogden
is the natural terminus of these roads. There
the great supplies go north to Montana and
Idaho, and south through Utah down to the
Colorado river, from which Arizona gets its
supply. Near Ogden, or a little way from there,
is the great coal bed of the Pacific railroad ;
and the struggle is on the part of the Union
Pacific railroad to get command of that and to
keep the great Central Pacific railroad from
sharing in the advantages of that natural term-
inus. and for that purpose they have over-
lapped and trodden under foot the mandate
of the Secretary of the Interior, and they have
defied the powers of this Government, have
violated the conditions of theirown.charter, to
reach this point, in a spirit that is anything but
manly and noble. I assert nature has fixed
this terminus, and when the Central Pacific
located their road to the north of Echo canon
they followed the natural course, and they have
built and receiv'ed upon it on this line boncjs
for forty miles, which brings them into the
neighborhood of Ogden; and! assert here, what
the evidence clearly shows, that if the Union
Pacific had built their road as substantially as
the Central Pacific has built they would have
been further from Ogden to-day than the Cen-
tral Paci fie road; but they have ru n around their
mountains instead of puncturing them with tun-
nels as the Central Pacific has done. It may
as well be asserted, for it is the living truth,
that it has all been done to get this natural
terminus under their own control.
That is the trouble. To reach that point
they have violated their charter a dozen times.
To reach that point they have used the Credit
Mobilier—that myth, that nondescriot., that
"whatis-it," that " who-is-it." When it
comes to be ascertained, it is nobody; but
that belly into which all this matter has been
swallowed has been invoked to reach Ogden
to keep the western coast from a fair compe-
tition in the trade of these great Territories,
and to make the Central Pacific pay them or
run over their road. , That is the secret. That
is the truth. Therefore, sir, I prefer that this
Congress should look at tlrese maps and de-
termine by solemn enactment, from which
there is no appeal, that Ogden shall be the
terminus. Why, sir, what is the fact? To
reach and get by this point the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, if I understand correctly,
have no map filed on which their road is run-
ning now; there is no map approved as re-
quired by law upon the ground where the
Union Pacific railroad is running now, and
they are running for no other purpose but to
work a fraud upon the Central Pacific railroad
and its natural terminus. 'litis I assert to be
a fact.
But we are told that we had better fix a com-
mission to determine where this terminus shall
be. I approve of that portion of the amend-
mentkeeping them on the approved line. Make
them go back and make a railroad where they
have pretended to make one and have made a
sham, and we will trust the terminus of this
road. Let them tunnel their mountains, let
them make a road where they have the name
of a railroad, and the terminus will be east of
Ogden. But this Credit Mobilier, which, I be-
lieve, iu the strict rendering of the term, means
furniture, this hole into which $2,OOO.OOU of
supposed capital was covered, has swallowed
all the Government subsidy, all the first mort-
gage bonds, all the lands, and is as voracious
to-day as the horse-leech's daughter that cries
" Give, give," when there is no more to give.
This Credit Mobilier. when you come to search
for it, is less than a myth ; there is not a maik
where it sat except of ruin, and yet we are told
that this Credit Mobilier that has swallowed
up charter, franchise, land, mortgages, and
all needs a commission to fix the terminus of
this road. Let the terminus of this road be
where it belongs upon the line, and the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad will take care of itself in
a manly competition.
When men have done wron'g they resort to all
the subterfuges that are possible. The Union
Pacific railroad is arraigned before a tribunal
in New York, and immediately the Union Pa-
cific railroad is here asking for a congressional
enactment to interpose between it and the
courts of New York. If there are any two
things that seem to me to be compatible they
are the Credit Mobilier and Judge Barnard.
I doubt whether Barnard ever found his match
before, and it is a fit place for them. Let Bar-
nard search with his judicial glasses to find the
Credit Mobilier. It has done its work, and uow
wants a congressional enactment to screen it
from Judge Barnard. It is au old saying, and
I repeat it without any intention of present
application, that "when rogues fall out honest
men get their due." Fisk and his "cahoots''
have got at cross purposes, and he has been
put out of bed. Whether Fisk is rightly or
wrongly out of bed is not for Congress to de-
termine. Fisk has got this myth, this Credit
Mobilier, by what he supposes to be the throat,
but its respiration is free yet. The Credit
Mobilier is a myth, and Congress must shield
the Union Pacific railroad from that.
And now another thing. After building
with cotton-wood ties, after building structures
that will not last as long as the structures were
being built, after putting up structures that
endanger every human life that goes over them,
after this shadow, this fac simile of the Credit
Mobili t, this indescribable nothing, has ab-
sorbed the profits, they want now another
commission to determine where they shall end.
I would let the Secretary of the Interior of the
