540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
from Nebraska, that the friends of the Union
Pacific would strike out certain sections of the
bill, if the sections in the biii are proper to
be there, I do not care whether the Union Pa-
cific railroad desire to have them- stricken out
or not. We are legislating for the public in-
terests of this country, to see that the United
States is protected in the great work tl at it is
contributing millions of money to accomplish.
As we have but three or four days more of
the session, I ihink that there is a necessity
that we should have evening meetings. There
is tlip judiciary bill that I tried to call up this
morning. I wish to have that disposed of.
There is the bill to enforce the fourteenth
amendment that ought to be considered. I
desire to get the attention of the Senate to that,
and there are some other bills of which I have
charge that ought, to be considered, and whieli
it was understood would be considered at this
session.
J think it is necessary that we should meet
to-night; and as I believe we shall save time
by continuing a subject we Ijave under con-
sideration, and I suppose some legislation to
be necessary on the subject which is now pend-
ing, I hope when we meet we shall go on with
that, and if we can get through with it to-night,
and 1 hope we may, and there is time to do
other business, I should hope the Senate would
allow some of these other bills to be called up
and disposed of.
I trust, therefore, that the motion for a recess
will prevail, and that we shall meet to-night
and go on with our regular business.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wibh to remind the Sena-
tor from Illinois that unless the bill removing
disabilities is passed to-day the probability is
that it would be lost. That is my reason, and
my sole reason, for asking for an evening
session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us vote for the recess,
and then we can take it up to-night.
Mr. ABBOT I'. I am ready to stay here and
hear the discussion in regard to the Pacific
railroad after the disability bill has passed. I
feel that it is due to my constituents and to all
the States in the South which are embraced in
that bill to have it acted upon. It is a matter
of very great importance to us all that these dis-
abilities be removed. I feel it to be due to my
constituents that I should urge the considera-
tion of that bill. It ought not to take over ten
or fifteen minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
modify his motion so as to make the recess
from half past four to half past seven. We
ought to have an executive session before we
take the recess.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will modify the motion so
as to make the recess from half past four to
half past seven.
Mr. THAYER. After the remarks of the
Senator from Michigan and the Senator from
Illinois I feel justified in saying a few words.
1 repeat what I said before to which they take
exception 
Mr. NYE. Lest I maybe considered as not
having any right at all to the floor I desire to
say that I do not want the Chair to think I am
so stupid as not to see that these gentlemen are
all trading on me. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Nevada that having
yielded the floor, the motion for a recess was
made and entertained, therebeiug no objection.
It is, under the usage of the Senate, open to
debate. It is the impression of the Chair that
the motion for a recess is cnly open to debate
to a very limited extent; but that has not
been the practice of the Senate. The Chair
rules according to the practice of the Senate
that it is debatable. The Senator from Ne-
braska is now upon the floor.
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from New
York stated that he would oppose the passage
of this railroad bill in any other shape except
that it contained the first section alone; that
he would oppose the second section.
Mr. CONKLING. I said that the second
section I wcfuTd oppose in any form which had
yet been suggested. I did not refer to the
third section.
Mr. THAYER. I understood tfie Senator
to say that the first section would be accept-
able to him. I used the terra "friends of the
Pacific railroad." I did not mean by that to
refer to those who were opposed to my view as
enemies of the Pacific railroad. No such in-
ference could be drawn ; but representing a
State through which the Pacific road extends
for its whole width, I felt justified in referring
to myself, at least, as a friend of that road, and
1 have nothing to withdraw in regard to it. I
can say in reply to the remark of the Senator
from Michigan that his amendments and the
tenor of his speeches have seemed to be in
favor of carrying out the wishes of the Central
Pacific railroad. I have no reflection to make
on him for that. I know that that road is
seeking to fix by legislation the point of junc-
tion at Ogden, for I heard their attorney in the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad say so.
The Senator agrees with that, and he is seeking
to fix that as the point by legislation, if I
understand him.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the honorable Sena-
tor from Nebraska refer to me?
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. If he refers to me he is
entirely mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
This is certainly out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio raises a question of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question is on taking
a recess.
Mr. THAYER. I have done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska has resumed his seat. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina, that the Senate take a recess
from half past four to half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield to that motion?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator, I wish to give notice of an amend-
ment I shall propose to the Pacific railroad
bill with a view to expedite it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is not debatable. The Senator from
Vermont moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the consent of the
Senator from Vermont——
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not yield.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is a personal matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is a matter of per-
sonal consideration I will certainly yield.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I design to-morrow to
ask the indulgence of the Senate to make some
few remaiks touching the present condition of
affairs, and I shall, if a favorable opportunity
occurs, carefully and with consideration enter
upon it when it may seem to be most proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I renew the motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Seaate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. At half past four o'clock the doors
were reopened, and the Senate took a recess
until half Dast seven.
EVENING SESSION,
The Senate resumed its .session at half past
seven o'clock.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A bill (S. No. 185) to continue in force an
act entitled " An act to extend the charter of
Washington city," &c. ;
A, bill |S. No. 105) to carry into effect tire
convention of July 4, 1868, between the United
States and Mexico for the adjustment of claims;
A bill (S. No. 200) relating to freedmen's
hospitals ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 8) for the
relief of settlers upon the absentee Shawnee
lands in Kansas.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 403) to establish certain
post roads was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 256) to provide for taking
the ninth census was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The bill will be refeired
to the Committee on the Judiciary if there be
no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that that bill
lie on the table, at least for this evening, until
there can be some consultation about it, unless
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary is quite content that it should go
to that committee. At the last session a spe-
cial committee was created on this subject.
The bill did not come here in season for that
committee to consider it. There are some Sen-
ators—I do not include myself among them—
who have the subject somewhat under consid-
eration, having given attention to it; and I
think when the Senate is fuller it may very well
be that one of them would be very glad to make
a motion in regard to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not refer it to the
Committee on Education ?
Mr. CONKLING. I rather think it had
better lie on the table for the present, because
those Senators who have given some attention
to the subject may feel inclined to move for a
special committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie
on the table for the present.
The bill (H. R. No. 404) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of New Mexico imposing a
capitation tax on bovine cattle was read twice
by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. STEWART. A member of the other
House has spoken to me about this matter.
The Territory of New Mexico has passed a
law putting very onerous taxes on live stock
and embarrassing people driving it across the
Territory—a most monstrous law. The ques-
tion should be acted on at once. I prefer that
the bill lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will He on the table if there be no objection.
Mr. STEWART. -In the mean time I will
look into it.
suspension of joint rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution from
the House of Representatives :
Resolvedbu the House of Representative#, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That for the remaining day,-! of the
present session of the Forty-First Congress the six-
teenth and seventeenth joint rules of the two Houses
be suspended.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
concur in that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. RAMS_EY\ I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 124.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend by
taking up Senate bill No. 223, which will not
occupy the Senate more than half an hour.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the regular
order be postponed for half an hour in order
that we may act on the disability bill.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the motion?
Mr. ABBOrr. I move that the regular
order be postponed for half an hour in order
that we may take up the disability bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is the regular order in
force at this meeting?
