1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
541
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER. The regular
order is House joint resolution No. 6.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is a railroad bill for
Minnesota. Probably it would answer the
same purpose.
Mr. THAYER. I am very much obliged to
the honorable Senator from Minnesota for his
kindness, but it is not designed to take up his'
bill at this time.
AI r. K A M SE Y. I of course give way to the
regular order
Mr. THAYER. We appreciate the honor-
able Senator's kindness.
Mr. ABBOTT. 1 have made a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moved to postpone the
pending and all previous orders, and to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. ABBOTT. I understood that I had the
floor, and made a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota was recognized by the
Chair, arid made the first motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am informed now for the
first time that upon the adjournment of the
Senate there was an understanding that the
bill indicated by the Senator from North Caro-
lina was to be taken up. Of course I have no
desire to interfere with that.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir.
Mr. ABBOTT. I hope we shall take up the
disability bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. ABBOTT. This disability bill will take
but a few minutes.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to
po.-tponing the order of the day for half an
hour to take up the disability bill.
Mr. ABBOTT. That is my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina moves to postpone the
present and all previous orders for half an hour
and to take up the disability bill.
Mr. THAYER. At the end of the half hour
the Pacific railroad bill will be resumed.
Mr. CATTELL. I think it was generally
undt-rstood that this evening session was called
for the purpose mainly of passing the disability
bill, and I hope the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina will be to take up that bill, to
postpone all pending orders and proceed with
it until it is finished, and let us finish it as soon
as we can. What is the use of beginning it
and spending half an hour on it and then
dropping it?
Mr. ABBOTT. I do not think it will take
fifteen minutes to dispose of the disability bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the pending order be postponed for half
an hour in order to proceed to the considera-
tion of the disability bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 259) to remove polit-
ical disabilities from certain persons.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that it is unneces-
sary to read the names.
'flic PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the names in the bill can be omitted by
unanimous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. CONK LING. The names are the only
point, a? I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. I object to the omission
of the names.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. ABBOTT. In line two hundred and
thiiteen. pane 10. I ask the Clerk to erase the
of " William F. Henderson," of David-
son county, North Carolina. It appears twice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. ABBOTT. " T. W. Young " should be
••J.J. Young,'' in the same line, and " Wake "
should be "Grauville" comity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to know what
system is to be adopted about these names.
Is every Senator to have a name inserted who
proposes one, without consideration by the
committee; or are we to understand that the
names proposed as amendments to this bill
have been before the committee and considered
and are recommended by the committee?
Mr. ABBOTT. They have all been passed
by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands these are verbal corrections.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I only wanted to under-
stand.
Mr. ABBOTT. On the fifth page, in line
ninety-four, "A. W. McCane" should be "A.
W. Mebane," and also,-in line one hundred
and four, "Giles McCane" should be " Giles
Mebane."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those cor-
rections will be made.
Mr. ABBOTT. In the ninety-sixth line I
move to amend by inserting after " Duncan
Kelly " the name of "James H. Ballentine,"
of Bladen county, North Carolina. That is
accepted by the chairman.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I wish to offer an amendment,
to add after line forty-five these names for
Arkansas:
Yancey B. Shapard. of Pope county; Levander
Sykes and Jaines H. Low, of Johnson county; Wil-
son C. Jones, of Yell county; James E. Whife, Frank
U. Clark, Thomas Clark, James I. Hudson, and John
T. Cbidester, of Washita county; and W. P.Cole, of
White county.
I will say in regard to these names that they
were in bills at the last session that were be-
fore the Judiciary Committee and were reported
favorably, and passed, I believe, both Houses.
These names were furnished this committee,
and were left out of the bill, I understand, by
the chairman by mistake. They are all good
men, all Union men, and all Republicans.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will state for the
information of the Senate that the committee
had before them many names, and with the
short time they had to get up this bill did the
best they could under the circumstances. We
may have left off the names of good law-abid-
ing citizens. We have inserted the names
of persons—I speak particularly in reference
to my own State—who are not of my way of
thinking in politics ; but they are good, law-
abiding citizens, who acknowledge the suprem-
acy of the laws of the United States and are
peaceable citizens. If the Senators propose
amendments to this bill and vouch for the
names presented, which 1 consider a neces-
sary requisite, I will consent to other amend-
ments.
Mr. RICE. I wish to offer one other
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is not yet acted upon.
Mr. RICE. I thought it was accepted by
the chairman.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is neces-
sary for the Senate to vote upon it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. After line two hundred and
seventeen I wish to add the name " Robert
Riddle, jr.," in the list for Kentucky. That,
I know, was acted upon in both Houses at
the last session favorably, and no objection
was made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move, and I hope the
chairman of th  committee will concur in it,
to add in the two hundred and forty third line
the name of Kenneth Raynor, of Memphis,
Tennessee. I gave the name to the commit-
tee, and I consulted with the Representative
of the district, who consented to it. Mr.
llaynor was formerly a member of the House
of Representatives, and is a well-disposed man.
Mr. HOWARD. Kenneth Raynor is a citi-
zen of North Carolina.
Mr. WILSON. He lives m Tennessee now.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire whethw
Kenneth Raynor has made a request to have
his disabilities removed ?
Mr. WILSON, Yes, sir. I have the letter.
It is a very strong letter. He writes thor-
oughly.
Mr. HOWARD. I used to know bim very
well. I beg to inquire also whether he gives
any excuse for the part he took in the war?
Mr. WILSON. None at all.
Mr. HOWARD. Is he sorry?
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt he is; but
he does not say that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. At the end of the sixty-
fourth line I move to add the name of An-
diew J. Lewis, of Port Gibson, Mississippi."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In the list for Virginia I
move to insert, after line two hundred and
thirty-six, "William L. Hendley, of York
county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. In line two hundred and
thirty-three the name " Reeves" occurs twice j
it should be " Rives."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. CATTELL. I move to add at the end
of the bill under the caption "Texas," the
following:
G-eorge H. Noonan, of Austin; W. E. Wakemson,
of Williamson county; R. S. Hunt, Thomas H. Strib-
ling, M. <}. Anderson, I. 11. Shook, Theophilus ti.
Anderson, and George W. G. Browne.
I desire to state that in all these cases there
has been a petition filed with the recommenda-
tion of Governor Pease, of Texas, signed also
by General Canby. All of them have passed
under my own examination, and bear evidence
of being proper persons to have their disabili-
ties removed. 1 furnished the papers to the
chairman of this committee, bnt by some acci-
dent or other they were overlooked.
The amendment was agreed to. 4
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment in line twelve, to strike out " N. J. To-
bias" and insert " V. J. Tobias." That is a
clerical error.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. After line twenty-two I
move to insert the following names for South
Carolina;
William Whaley and James Simons, of Charles-
ton county: John C. Evans, of Chesterfield eoanty;
Junes 51. Martin, of Abbeville county; Ainsley
Monteith and W. Hutsou Wigg, of Richland county;
N. G. W. Walker and Thomas J. Webb, of Ander-
son county; E. 3>I. Whitinsr and B. F. Bunkin, of
Charleston county; W. P. Gill. Eii Cornwall, and
|| William McAlily, of Chester county; J. K. lander,
|l of Colleton county; J. B. G^tlin, of Darlington
ji county; S. T. Atkinson, ot Georgetown county; W.
j! W, Boyce and Calvin Brice, of I'nir&eld county: H.
f P. llammett, and V. C. Gowcr, of Greenville county;
jl C. B. Sawis of Hoiry county; K-euben Gross and
T Samuel J. Stuart, of Lexineton county: Elly Gud-
1< bold, of Marion county: John W. A. Hartness, of
■i York county* W.D.Johnson, of Marlboro' county;
j George W. H. Legg, of Spartanburg county; Daniel
| Keels, of Sumter county.
I Mr. ABBOTT. I move that the time for the
I postponement of the regular order be extended
t to half past eight o'clock,
j Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be postponed
| until this bill is through with. I move to
i amend the motion so as to postpone the regu-
| lar order until this bill shall be disposed of.
j Mr. ABBOTT. I accept the amendment,
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
! understands the ruling of the Vice President to
be that unless the regular order is postponed
: to a definite time it loses its place.
I Mr. ABBOTT. I move it be postponed
j! until a quarter before nine o'clock.
;l The motion was agreed to.
!; Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say in regard to
the names I have just offered that most of them
have already passed the Senate in a former
I, bill, and the others have been added with the
M consent of the Committee on Disabilities.
Some are the names of persons from whom
" disabilities have been already removed, but
ij whose names were misspelled by the clerk in
i! the set ss it was enrolled, I believs thert is
