542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
no one of the names to which there is any
objection made by anybody.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCREERY. I move, after line two
hundred and seventeen, to insert the following
names for Kentucky:
Philip Lee, Henry W. Bruce, Francis Hagan, Rich-
ard C. Wmtersmith, aud Blanton Buuc-id, Louis-
ville; D.Howard Smith, Franklin county; Charles
B. Thomas Lexington, B'ayette county; John M.
Elliott, Owiugsville, Bath county; A. L. McAffee aud
John T. Hogan, Jessaimnccounty; William E_ Kel-
lar, Mercer county; X nomas W. Napier and J. War-
ren Grigsby,Lincoln county; A. J. Beale and James
A. EVazier, Harrison county; Henry A. Hup ton and
J. K. Iluey, Paducah; Charles Uuncan. Pendleton
eounty ; J. P. Nichols and William Dickinson, Bar-
ren county; W. B. Bell and John S. Wills, Anderson
county; James W. Schooling, Marion county; T.
P. A. Bibb, Boone county; 1>. A. Harris, Woodford
county; R. T. Owen, Shelby county; Paschal R,
Baker, Carrol county; Milton J. Ferguson, Louisa.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky if these are not names in House bill
No. 331.
Mr. McCREERY. Probably they are.
Mr. ROBERTSON". I accept the amend-
ment, then. These names were passed by the
House committee. I have been in conference
with the chairman of the House committee and
he consents to these names.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know something
more about these names.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will state for the inform-
ation of the Senator from Massachusetts that
these are names that are in the House bill, hav-
ing passed the Committee on Reconstruction
who consider the question of disabilities in the
House, and the amendment is accepted by the
chairman of the committee here. The two
committees are acting in concert in regard to
this matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. SCJMNER. I wish to know something
about these names. I wish to know whether
these gentlemen have applied in any way to
Congress for relief from their disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have been in confer-
ence wiili the chairman of thecommitteeof the
other House. He vouches to me that he has
examined carefully the name of every person
iu the House bill. I submit whether it would
not be iu better order for us to amend the Sen-
ate bill by adding the HoHse bill to it?
Mr. ABBO IT. Oh, no.
Mr. WARNER. I simply want to make an
inquiry of the chairman of the committee. Is
it the design to pass the House bill also ? There
are many names in the House bill that we bhall
desire to move as amendments to this bill if
that is not to be passed ; but if it is designed
to pass the House bill in addition to this Sen-
ate bill that is not necessary. I should like to
have an understanding on that point.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the
Senate should proceed with its own bill, which
has been carefully considered, I presume, by
its own committee.
Mr. ABBO IT. I will say to the Senator
from Massachusetts that I understand the
Senator from Kentucky has withdrawn those
names.
Mr. ROBERTSON. No.
Mr. McCREERY. No; the chairman of
the committee accepted them.
_Mr. ABBOTT. I suggest that the Senator
withdraw them, and the House bill can be
passed by the Senate some time to morrow.
We shall only embarrass this bill, and perhaps
lose it altogether, if the whole House bill is
undertaken to be tacked on to this. I suggest
to the Senator from Kentucky that he with-
draw his amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. It is apparent that if it is
attempted to add the House bill to the Senate
bill now under consideration we shall be called
to act upon names that have not been consid-
ered by our own committee. I must object to
that. J think it ought not to be done.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have every confi-
dence in the chairman of the House commit-
tee. He assures me that he has spent a great
deal of time in making the proper investiga-
tion, and therefore I accepted the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky. I think we
are as much bound to accept his amendment
as we are to accept the amendment of any
other Senator on the floor. These names have
passed through an examination by the House
committee, aud therefore I am satisfied. I
know the chairman of that committee well
enough to be satisfied with the results of his
investigations.
Mr. WARNER. I think it will save us
trouble if we pass this Senate bifl as the com-
mittee have reported it, and then let the House
bill come to the Senate committee and be
examined by them, an^l we can pass it to-mor-
row. If we do not do that I shall feel obliged,
as many other Senators will be, to move names
in the House bill as amendments to this hill,
and it will take us an hour or two ; but if we
agree to pass the bill which has been reported
by the committee in the shape that they have
reported it, simply amending clerical errors,
and then let the House bill go to the commit-
tee and let them report and let us act upon it,
we shall save a great deal of debate.
Mr. McCREERY. Lest I should endanger
the measure altogether, I withdraw the amend-
ment which I offered.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that these
names are withdrawn ?
Mr. ABBOTT. Yes, they are withdrawn.
I move, in the two hundred and twelfth line,
on the ninth page, in the list for North Carolina,
to insert the name of George D. Pool. The
committee has passed that name.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move also to insert at the
same place the name of Richard W. King, of
Lenoir county. I will state that I know Mr.
King very well. He has been collector at New-
bem, and was a member of the constitutional
convention ; but by a recent decision of our
supreme court iu North Carolina he is de-
barred from holding office.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move, at the end of the
two hundredand thirty sixth line, in the list for
Virginia, to insert three names which were
omitted by the clerk of the committee by acci-
dent, " William M. Howertou, H. H. Burt, of
Halifax county ; William Burt,of Pittsylvania."
Mr. HOWAllD. Imovetoamendtheamend-
ment by adding to the names just sent up '• Dr.
Stribliug. of Augusta county, Virginia." I do
not know his first name. He is a very worthy
citizen, and he has charge of some charitable
institution there and ought to be retained. He
is a very respectable man, took no part in the
war, but his peculiar situation seems to require
that his disabilities should be removed.
Mr. ABBO IT. I acccpt the amendment.
Mr. .ROBERTSON. I have examined the
papers of Mr. Stribling, and I am satisfied
with the case. The amendment ought to be
made.
Mr. HOVi ARD. I do not know the first
nameofDr. Stribling; Ithereforeleaveitblank.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. There are several errors
in this bill, which are probably in a measure
my fault. There are some names put down
under "Mississippi" that belong to Alabama.
I move that the bill be amended by striking
out certain names, which I will read, under the
head of "Mississippi" and inserting them
under the head of "Alabama." The names
to be transferred are:
Francis M. Baxter, W. C. Bradford, Morris Cooke,
David Cogsdall, John It. Haye, Joseph IIaye. A. J.
Lewis,George McCoorman, A. S. Nicholson, kemuei
J. Stansiter, W. L. Stansel, Jo.-ia.h S. Morris.
I move also to add to the Alabama list the
names of " F. M. Dansley" and "Charles
Hays, of Greene county.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr., SAWYER. I desire to offer an addi-
tional section. I will say iu offering it that it
is a section which, in the form of a bill, has
been reported by the Judiciary Committee favor-
ably. This bill seems to be the proper place
to put it:
And be it further enacted. That when any person
who is not rendered ineligible to office by the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution shall be elected or appointed to any office of
honor or trust under the Government of the United
States, and shall not be ahle, on account of his par-
ticipation in the late rebellion, to take the oath pre-
scribed in the act of Congress approved July 2.1862,
said person shall, in lieu ol said oath, before entering
upon the duties of said office, take and subscribe the
oath prescribed in an act of Congress entitled "An
act prescribing an oath of office to be taken by per-
sons from whom legal disabilities shall have been
removed," approved July 11,1868.
I will state the purpose of the amend-
ment 
Mr. "VVILLEY. I ask the courtesy of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina to
allow me to perfect the text of the bill before
he moves the amendment. I should be glad
to be allowed to do that, simply to correct the
spelling of a name or two and the insertion of
one name.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well.
Mr. W1LLEY. In line two hundred and
thirty-eight I move to insert "F" in the name
of "Alpheus Haymond."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being a
verbal correction, it will be made without a
formal vote if there be no objection.
Mr. WILLEY. I wish also to insert after
the name of " Thomas B. Swan," in the same
line, the name of " Dr. Charles D. Baldwin."
His name was reported favorably by the Senate
committee before. The petition was among
the papers before the committee. He is per-
sonally known to me to be a proper person to
be relieved.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I accept it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to add after
line two hundred and forty three the following
names for Texas that should have been in this
bill, but were inadvertently left out:
C. B. Sabin.W. A. Daly, and H. H.Dooley, of Har-
ris eounty; J. G. Seaweli, of Galveston county; and
Philip A. Stockton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend in the list
for Louisiana, by inserting in line seventy-one,
after the name of " Richard C. Downes," the
name of '■ Ezra B. Towne ;" and after " Este-
dan," in line seventy-three, to insert "and
Rudolph Verhois." These names were before
the committee, and should have been in this
bill. I believe I have the consent of the chair-
man.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I accept the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make a verbal
correction in spelling. In line two hundred
and thirty-six "Brook " should be " Brooke."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
corrected.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to add the names
of C. Fowler and W. W. James, of Bristol
county, Virginia, after line two hundred and
thirty-six. These parties sent petitions which
were presented. They were connected with
the rebellion, but are very excellent citizens
and were so before. They are disqualified by
having held some slight office.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I consent to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. After the names for Tennes-
see, I move to add the name of "Dewitt C.
Senter."
Mr. ROBERTSON. I consent.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. WARNER. I move, in the twenty-sixth
line, to strikeout the word " Cahawba ,f and to
insert tl Dallas j " also in the twenty ninth line
to make the name " Willard" Dillard."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER, lam requested by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Kellogg,] who
is not able to be here this evening by reason
