546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April
the two roads were approaching each other;
that their lines interlapped; that they were
actually constructing railroads side by side and
both claiming subsidies, and that one of the
railroads had received partial subsidies for
work done in advance of its completed section.
Under those circumstances, without consulting
anybody, certainly without consulting any per-
son interested in either of these roads, I drafted
the second and third sections, which were in-
tended to accomplish two objects: first, to
secure a fixed point of junction, so that no
claims could be made against the United States
for lapping subsidies. In doing so I proposed
that the President of the United States should
enlighten his conscience by an examination
on the ground by a commission of five distin-
guished, eminent men, to be selected by him-
self ; and that upon the information furnished
. by them, and from such other sources of in-
formation as he could get, he should decide
the point of junction.
The third section was simply to provide
security for the completion of the road. The
Senator from Nevada has given us a long his-
tory of the Credit Mobilier, and of the various
operations of these two companies. That has
nothing at all to do with this question. We
know that it is alleged by the commissioners
appointed by the Government that neither of
these roads is completed in accordance with
law ; and as to the Union Pacific road, we have
two or three reports. One was made by Mr.
Williams, an accomplished, able, honest, and
excellent gentleman, who states that $3,000,000
are necessary to make it a first-class road. An-
other commission have said that $0,000,000 are
required to make ita complete road. We have
also a telegraphic statement published in the
papers that the Central Pacific is no better
constructed than the other, and that is com-
municated to us by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. In the face of these facts, before any
more bonds are issued to these companies, we
are bound to take security for the completion
of that-whieb has already been accepted as
completed road ; and for the purpose of giving
that security this third section was drawn.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Does not the law now
require that security?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; not at all. That
has been carefully examined. In my opinion,
under the law as it now stands, the President
of the United States has no right to go back
of the reports that have been made from time
to time on the completed sections and demand
security for their further completion. In other
words 
Mr. STEWART. I wish to correct the Sen-
ator in one particular. Does the Senator pre-
tend to say that the first section was ever
agreed upon by the committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly do. My friend
from Michigan reported it as from the com-
mittee.
Mr. STEWART. I distinctly understand
that a different section was agreed upon.
There was interlined there "as already ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Interior," and
I distinctly saw members representing the
Union Pacific road on this floor suggesting [
changes, and they were made after it came
into the Senate Chamber.
Mt. SHERMAN. The Senator must settle
that with the Senator from Michigan. He
reported the first section of this resolution,
and I believe I was present when it was agieed
upon.
Mr. STEWART. I will ask the Senator if
he was not present when the changes were
agreed upon ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In the first section ?
Mr. STEWART. The second section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that the
Senator from Michigan changed it in any way
whatever. I do not think any change was
made.
Mr. HOWARD. There was no distinct res-
olution of the committee as to the precise
language to be inserted there that I recollect.
Some of the members were in favor of the lan-
guage, "upon the route already approved.''
Others were in favor of the language "upon
the general route already approved." What
the exact majority of the committee was upon
that particular point I am not now able to
state; but I have always regarded the lan-
guage in the resolution as now printed, " upon
the general route already approved," as an-
swering precisely the same purpose.
Mr. STEWART. I recollect distinctly that
in the committee fhelanguage "upon the route
already aopioved" was adopted 
Mr. SHERMAN". I believe I have the floor.
Mr. STEWART. And that the change was
made here on the floor at the suggestion of-the
representatives of the Union Pacific road.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the Senator from
Nevada lias spoken on this resolution about
every imaginary subject for three hours I think
he certainly ought to allow us to proceed in
order.
Now, all that these two sections were in-
tended to accomplish, and not in the interest
of either of the companies, was, first, to fix
a point of junction, so that neither company
could claim subsidy east or west of that point;
and second, to provide authority by law so
that the President of the United States may
hold in his hand the bonds to be issued here-
after to secure the faithful completion of both
branches of this road; and to go further, if
the amount of bonds yet to be given to these
companies was not sufficient for that purpose,
that he might make requisition upon them for
securities to accomplish that purpose. That
is the object.
So far as the first section of this resolution
is concerned I have nothing to say about it.
That is a section intended to aid the Union
Pacific railroad to avoid the result of an in-
junction; but so far as it goes it seems to me
to be perfectly just and right. The injunction
itself was an extraordinary proceeding. That
a State judge should undertake to declare that
an election to be held on a given day under an
act of Congress should not be pursued and
completed was an extraordinary proceeding.
All that the first section does is to allow this
company thus interfered with to hold an elec-
tion at a subsequent day without regard to the
action of the judge of the court.
The second section simply provides that the
President may fix the point of junction, and
he may also appoint a commission to aid him
in that purpose, and also to ascertain definitely
the character of this work and report to him
the facts; and then he would be authorized
under the third section to withhold the requisite
securities. Under the existing law there is no
such authority to withhold bonds; certainly no
such authority to make requisitions for other
securities. The commissions that have here-
tofore been appointed have been rather in the
nature of informal commissions notauthoi izpd
by law. One of them, 1 believe, was composed
of the engineer of the Central Pacific road, the
engineer of the Union Pacific road, and a third
man in the nature of an arbiter, an offictrof
the Army, and they were sent out to make an
examination. They are now here. The result
of that examination we do not know.
Under these circumstances 1 supposed that
to these two sections there would be no man-
ner of objection. I did not conceive how any
Senaior could desire to interpose an objection
to the passage of these two sections. They
might dispute as to the first, as to whether or
not it was better to let Fisk and this Credit
Mobilier fight their contest out in the courts
of New York, but as to the second and third
sections, I supposed they were so manifestly in
the interest of the Government that they would
meet wih universal assent.
Mr. President, what is the objection made
to them? In the first place, the Senator from
Mu higan wishes to confine the examination to
a particular route.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I supposed he took the floor with
my consent to make an explanation of his
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed the Senator
yielded. If he claims the floor I will sit down
and wait until he gets through.
Mr. NYE. I do not claim it, but I so under-
stood. I did not suppose that the Senator
would go into a general discussion of the
measure.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator claim
the floor?
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mich-
igan then interposes with this clause, which
was inserted, " upon the general route already
approved." If that is merely intended to say
that the President in making the selection
shall select a point upon the general route ap-
proved, by the Secretary of the Interior, or
adopted by either of the companies, I have no
objection to it; but if it is intended to confine
the President in this location to one particular
route, whether of the Central road or of the
Union Pacific road, I am opposed to it. No
such route has ever been made of a definite
character, binding in law, to compel either
company to follow that route. I might go into
the evidence to show from the papers that were
laid before the committee that no such route
was actually staked out on the ground. I could
read to you affidavits to that effect, but I do
not wish to do it.
I have here an authoritative document on this
subject. The Senator from Michigan claims
that the Secretary of the Interior has laid down
a route, has approved that route, and that the
United States is bound to make the point of
junction on that route. Why, sir, I have here
a paper signed by the Secretary of the Interior,
dated the 14th of January, 1868, addressed to
this commission, in which he expressly ignores
any such claim.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator please
rear! the passage he relies upon ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read the whole
of it.
Mr. HOWARD. No ; I have read the same
paper. I do not find it there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read it to show
that this claim set up here that the Secretary
of the Interior had fixed upon a route is not
sustained at all either by the Secretary of the
Interior himself or by the law. This communi-
cation is addressed to Bievet Major General
Gouverneur K. Warien, United States Army ;
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Williamson,
and Jacob Blickensderfer, jr., esq.
Mr. NYE. He is the engineer of the Union
Pacific road.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that one of
them is the engineer of the Central Pacific and
one of the Union Pacific.
Mr. NYE. I refer to the man with that
unpronounceable name.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know whether
he is the attorney or engineer of the road or
not.
Mr. NYE. He is the engineer of the Union
Pacific road.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can assure the Senator
that he is one of the most eminent and accom-
plished civil engineers in the country, although
he has a very unpronounceable name.
Mr. NYE. I have not said anything about
that; but if the honorable Senator doe-; not
know who he is how docs he know that he is
one of the most eminent engineers in the
country ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say I know him per-
sonally very well, lie is from my State, and
a very eminent man. Now, let me read this
letter of the Secretary of the interior :
Department of the Intkkior,
Washington", I>. C., Januncu It, i'o'J.
GENTLEMEN': The acts of Conftres? providing for
the construction of tlic railroad between Omaim ,tnd
Sacramento require us location upon tlie nioKtduect,
central, and practicable route.
The approaching completion of this national tlior-
oughf.iro and the disagreement of the eotnp.tuiei
engageilin its construction touching the best route
between the completed portions of their respective
rov<\* require, in the opinion of the President, the
aiit.horita.rive adoption of a route located ;ih directed
by law, and to which both companies should con-
form.
