548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
know that any of them are recommended at
all by the Government directors. They were
moved by the Senator from Ohio, and are dis-
tinct prop isitions from the other.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Thatobviates the neces-
sity of my asking the second question which I
rose to put. I understand, then, and the un-
derstandmgof the Senator is like my own, that
these five gentlemen did ask to be rescued by
Congress from the litigation in which they were
involved, and to be permitted to change their
home office from the city of New York to some
other place, which was originally presented
with many alternatives, putting in a good many
cities; and I was desirous to know whether
they asked more than this, because I thought
I had, and I think I have, unmistakable evi-
dence that no one of these men has ever pro-
posed, under pretense of protecting the Gov-
ernment, such provisions as are found in the
second section.
Now, to trespass one moment more on the
time of the honorable Senator from Nevada,
I wish t.o record a prediction, and I hope the
honorable Senator from Ohio is here to hear
it. I have heard his language quoted on other
great occasions as authority to sustain argu-
ments. I venture now respectfully to predict
that if any man, lawyer or layman, shall be
found in this country with courage enough,
with audacity sufficient to come into Congress
hereafter claiming that either one of these cor-
porations building a railroad not upon the line
which has been consented to and approved by
the Secretary of the Interior is entitled to sub-
sidies for that manifest outrage upon law and
honesty, he will need some high authority for
that proposition ; he will not argue it upon
principle, but he will cite the language of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, which will have
the merit of being distinguished in its source
and being solitary in its character, for I believe
in the course of this debate no member of this
body has been found to argue that, if iu truth
the Secretary of the Interior did consent to
and approve a given line, in the language of the
act ot 18GG, some corporation which should
go, after notice of that, not only constructive—
because it was constructive to all the world the
momentit became the record—but actual, as the
papers show over and over again, and put down
a railroad without the shadow of right, with-
out the existence of a decent apology sufficient
to beguile tor one moment, as I conceive, any
man who had ever read these statutes—I
say 1 believe that nobody except the hon-
orable Senator has argued that such a volun-
teer, such a trespasser, a person so standing
obviously as the executor of his own wrong,
could come here and demand from the coffers
of this nation compensation for the trespass
he had committed and the wrong he had done.
I have not myself the slightest fear of that;
and I say again that I venture to predict that
the authority cited to maintain the position,
should it ever be taken, will be the argument,
weighty as it will be on account of its distin-
guished source, which has been suggested by !
the honorable Senator from Oh.o. " j
Mr. HOWARD. By the courtesy of the I
Senator from Nevada f wish to say a word !
in reference to the somewhatremarkable speech j
made by the honorable Senator from Ohio :
taken m connection with the amendment
which he has now offered, and 1 promise to
be very brief both for the benefit of the Seuate
and ot my mend from Nevada.
Lhe honorable Senator fiom Ohio is em-
phatic, he is vehement in demanding some
action at this time at the hands of Congress to
fix the point of junction for these two roads
lie /oresees great difficulties in ease we do not
pass some act of legislation settling that im-
portant point; and so do I. That is the very
foundatioti, that is the very motive which lies
at the bottom of this second section. The pur-
pose of it is to setile this point by law so that
hereafter there shall be no more doubt, wran-
gling, or difficulty in regard to it; and on this
pomt 1 am as earnest th$ honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, for I see the same dangers,
the same controversy in the future, the same
litigations, the same unfriendly feeling between
these two companies, who ought in all con-
science to harmonize and to proceed with the
performance of their great work, and complete
it at the earliest possible day for the benefit not
only of themselves but. of the whole country.
About this we have no dispute.
Now, I ask the honorable Senator from Ohio
whether the amendment which he has just pre-
sented has any tendency whatever to settle this
point of meeting between the two roads? Not
at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of roy
friend I will state 
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to finish my re-
marks upon that particular point. It has no
tendency in that direction ; not the slightest. It
simply authorizes the President of the United
States to appoint five eminent citizens to do—
what? To fix the point of meeting? Not at
all. To settle this controversy in any way?
Not at all; but simply and solely to look into
the condition of these two roads and to report
to the President of the United States. Does
that settle the controversy? The honorable
Senator from Ohio knows that it does not. It
recognizes the controversy as still being open ;
it recognizes it further a3 a fact that the rights
of the Central Pacific are not yet settled upon
that line. It disregards that line which has
already been solemnly settled by statute and by
the action of the proper Secretary under the
statute in precise accordance with the statute,
and the only point of controversy now that can
exist under the law is the mere puaatum, of
space at which these two roads shall uuite upon
the line already sanctioned by legal authority.
The Senator's amendment instead of closing
the controversy opens it still wider.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, if I am able to
remember where I left off, after the interesting
and instructive interjection that we have had,
I will try to pursue what I supposed was a
legitimate line of argument for me on this
occasion. When I was last upon the floor, if
I remember right, 1 was examining this thing
called the Credit Mobilier, with no purpose of
determining the relative rights between that
company and the Union Pacific railroad, but
for the purpose of showing bad faith oil the
part of the Union Pacific railroad in attempting
to go beyond the point whore the natural term-
inus of these roads should be.
I do not comprehend the assertion of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, that the route
upon which the Central Pacific is working is
not an established line of that company. The
law describes very plainly the manner in which
the line shall be established. The Central
Pacific Railroad Company has complied with
the letter of the law and the Secretary of the
Interior has so declared. Now, I regard that
question as res adjudicata. It is a question
that Congress has no right to meddle with
The tribunal to which that question was referred
has determined it, and that determination is
final upon all these parties.
It is asserted that it is not binding from the
fact that the Secretary of the Interior did not
mean it to be so ; and to show that, gentlemen ,
introduce the affidavit of General Dodge, the |
engineer of the company, who gives a conver- j
sation that he had with the Secretary of the '
Interior—the engineer who woke up after a !:
lapse of sixty days from a lethargy which seems
to me surprising, after the order was made, |i
and after they had written notice that the order |i
was made; and had it not been for the written ij
decision of the Secretary of the Interior, Gen- l|
eral Dodge would have made us believe tnat 1!
the thing had never been talked of until he |j
arrived there. I trust that no gentleman's affi- j!
davit, however high he may stand, is to impeach !!
the recorded judgment of the tribunal to which 'j
this question was referred by the law. Not con- !'
tent to take the law as it was and as it is, not |i
content to take the action of the tribunal estab- ji
lished by law, they seek even to thwart that !
and to destroy it by the sworn affidaviL of the
engineer of their company. I am not speaking
of the truthfulness or of the untruthfulness of
that affidavit; but it is unbecoming, it is auda-
city in the highest respect, to attempt to set.
aside what is substantially a judicial decision,
the judgment of a court by the affidavit of an
outsider. As well might they tell us that there
is no law to regulate them, that the Union
Pacific railroad have demolished all law as to
the terms upon which the road was to be built,
as to attempt to set aside the recorded judg-
ment of the arbiter by an affidavit from their
engineer. I discountenance all such things.
It is trifling with the law, it is trifling with the
good feeling of this Government that has given
its "money to aid in the construction of this
important road. The time has not come, even
with the power of the countless millions that
have been made by this Union Pacific railroad,
that their engineercan swearaway the recorded
judgment of the tribunal to which the question,
was by law referred.
Enough for that. The honorable Senator
from Ohio says that he hopos these parties
have made a great deal of money. That is not
the question. I have no objection to their
making money properly, but 1 want the hon-
orable Senator to tell me how they have made
it. He is wise in the way of making money,
and I am exceedingly foolish. I ask him, for
information, how a company can have made so
much money by borrowing all the time? Tell
me, some good financier, how in the name of
fair dealing, a company lias divided its millions
that has borrowed every dollar it has had ?
The Government has never given them a cent
They owe the Government its bonds to-dav:
they owe the bondholders all their own bonds
that they have issued; if they have stock out,
as is charged in the ease of Fisk, and they
have not appropriated the money for which
that stock has been sold, they owe that; and
in fact it is said that it has not been sold at all,
and if so they are committing a fraud upon the
stockholders. Now, I want to know how
money is to be made in that way? The more
a man owes the more he makes! Is that the
idea? I see the head of this affair here in my
eye, [alluding to Mr. Oakes Ames.] I should
like to have him cipher it out and show me
how it is that when they borrow from thirty-
two to sixty-four thousand dollars to the mile
and owe it all, they have got so rich? I will
tell you how it is. The Government, in its
munificence and in its magnanimity, allowed
the law to be so amended that they should issue
their own bonds first, and the security of the
Government for its bouds should be a second-
ary consideration.
I am now supposing this Credit Mobilier to
be a living thing, and the manipulator and
manager of the whole. If 1 was going to
guess—and being a Yankee I believe 1 have a
J right to guess—the way they are to make their
1 money is about this: they have" got a ruad
made, at least some of the way, of very doubt-
ful material, some of the way crookeder than
the horn that was blown around the walls of
Jericho; they call It themselves in their report
the Z. My honorable friend from Nebraska
says that they had a right to make Zs or Ws
or anything else. They had no right to make
the road in such a manner as to trample down
the obligation* they were under to the Govern
ment, and fo ffieirreal genuine stockholders.
1 his Credit Afobtl'ter wiil be blown into "ilin
air, as it is now. It is somethingthatyou can-
not find. It had its origin iu Pennsylvania,
and has crossed the line and got into Xew
York, and where it will be next God only
knows. The way they intend to make the
money is to let the road be sold upon thefi'-s'
mortgage bonds and ask the Government wher>-
it is going to get its security. That is w!m>,
they mean, if anything. That is not fair
dealing.
Now, how is this applicable to the question
raised bv the honorable Senator from Ohio?
it is applicable and germane in this way: ail
