1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
arbiter has been established by law to determ-
ine where this meeting shall be, and the Union
Pacific Company, in utter disregard of the law,
have gone and lapped their road for one hun-
dred miles upon the other; and this shows that
they have done it with a view of overreaching
and grasping upon rights that naturally belong
to the Central Pacific; and they have neglected
to build a road that is entitled to the name of
road at all part of the way. I do not want to
tolerate that by giving them a new permission
tc manipulate anew the Credit Mobilier or any -
thing else. Sir, to the law they shall come;
and, if I can have my way, by the law they
shall be judged. By that law they have had
facilities, as the honorable Senator says, and
he hopes they have availed themselves of them
to make a great deal of money; and by the law
they shall hold it if they hold it at all.
I do not blame anybody for wanting to get
out of New York with litigations, whether he
has a good cause or a bad cause. It is very
difficult to try causes there. That I have
nothing to do with; but I will tell you one
thing, Mr. President, if the exposgoi this Credit
Mobilier which has been made is anything near
the truth, the case ought to be tried right there ;
for if there is any place where they know most
about such rascality it is there. Now, I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to a few
stubborn facts.
In what I said to-day I certainly did not
mean any discredit to Judge Barnard. I have
heaid a great many accusations against him,
but when they came to be examined they did
not turn out to be very well founded. I think
he is, perhaps, as well calculated to handle such"
a case as 3113- man.
One word upon that point, to which I should
not have adverted but for the remarks of the
honorable Se.natorfrom Ohio. This man Fisk
is a man not unknown to notoriety, if not to
fame. It seems he is a stockholder in the
Credit Mobilier and in the Union Pacific rail-
road—twin sisters. He has told the world
some curious facts about the history of this
proceeding, showing magical financiering, in-
describable skill! lie sa.vs that the Credit
Mobilier and the Union Pacific railroad are
the same tiling precisely. Fisk has sworn to
it, and not one of this company has sworn to
the opposite. Why do they not answer sol-
emnly in that court? There is no answer put
in, and therefore Fisk stands uncontradicted be-
fore the world in his charges that this company
is steeped m fraud to the very arm-pits. They
have not denied it, but they appeared yester-
day 111 court in New York, and, as if by magic,
their action was printed and laid on the tables
here this morning; but it does not meetthe case.
It is not what the law of New York requires—
a solemn answer to the complaint under oath.
They will never make it there ; and if they fail
to get Congress to say that they may hold their
meeting here Fisk will be compromised with
preUy quick, because he knows too much about
it. Why get it here ? Are there no courts
here ? I have a little pride in the judicial
history of New York. Whatever may be said
of the local courts of New York city, at the
head of ibe judiciaiy of that great Stat? sits a
tribunal as pure as the water that flowed from
the fountain when smitten by the. prophet's rod,
and as able as any other judicial tribunal of
this nation, and whose decisions are regarded
as law as wide as civilization is known. These
people have no business to be afraid of and to
a-li to flee from the courts of New York. No,
mi ; her judicial names will shine when the
Mobilier will smell unsavory m the nos-
trils- 'it a defrauded people.
Why are this Union Pacific Company afraid
of Judge Barnard? Sir, the party that is just
and right fears no tribunal. Why is it that
their Mife has to be broken open bv judicial
order when the turn of the key would show its
contents? Why is it that the strong arm of
Yule.ui himself is invoked to get. at their pro-
ceedings? It is because they have a con
sciousness that an exposition of their affairs
would be unfavorably received by the public ?
I repeat, honest men and honest companies
are not afraid to exhibit their books and doings
to an enlightened and intelligent world, and to
a corrupt or to a just tribunal. If their pro-
ceedings stand stamped with truthfulness upon
their books, they need not fear the most cor-
rupt judge in the world.
There was, however, a motion to remove ihe
case to the court of the United States, in which
Judge Biatchford presides, and that motion
has been granted. Now, why take it away from
Judge Biatchford? In looking over the names
of the Credit Mobilier I see that his father is
a large stockholder in it. Surely these parties
would be safe there for that reason as well as
for his innate purity, for nobody will claim
that Judge Biatchford is not pure. Why get
it away from him? Are they not just as safe
there as they would be before Judge Cartter
or Judge Olin or Judge Fisher, or the other
judges of this District? Do they think that
here the law is impotent; that however fraud-
ulent their transactions may be, here, on this
little five or six miles square, they stand ex-
empt from law or penalty for its breach? I
guess not.
The reasoning is not good : the argument is
not sound. I would as hef be tried in New
York as in Washington if I have a just cause.
Why change the place of meeting? They
fixed the place themselves in the law, and 1
say to them "The bed you have made you shall
lie in; you chose it among all the places on
this continent; you preferred it to Boston ; you
preferred it to Baltimore or Philadelphia or
Washington." I should like to inquire of some
of their advocates why it is that they have
awoke from this sleep to find the danger that
surrounds them in the city of New York? Is
it because right there one of their own stock-
holders, one who knows them from A to Z, lias
appealed to the judicial tribunals in lines that
he has sworn to and that they ought to answer?
They never have answered him : and my word
for it they never will answer
Instead of that they come here hurriedly and
want to change their place of meeting for the
election of directors. Why was that agreement
which was read here yesterday entered into ?
That agreement is the most startling of any-
thingl have seen in this exposition—an agree-
ment to perpetuate the then directors of the
road. The stock that they then held and should
afterward hold they pledged themselves by the
solemn agreement which lies 011 your table to :
use so as to sustain and support the same di- 1
rectors, whatever their management might be.
If it was among ordinary men, men not so rich
and so prominent, this would be called a con-
spiracy of the foulest character. But 1 will
not wrong these " honorable men." I rather
choose to wrong Fisk than 1 would wrong these
" honorable men." Why enter into an agree-
ment, binding with fetters that the stockhold-
ers cannot break, that they should perpetuate
Mr. Ames and Mr. A Baud" .Mr. C D as direct-
ors so long as they held the slock?
That is the inquiry that the country will
make. That is the inquiry that will answer the
honorable Senator's question why it is that we ;
want no nsw commissions for these parties to
manipulatj. Everything that they have taken 1
hold of has felt the blast, of the upas : and for
God's sake let them witherno more. Let there
be no new commissions. They have got now
on their hands all they can attend to. Fisk
swears they are short of money. 1 do r.ot know
how that is. The company may be short : hut
the Credit Mobilier and its trustees probably
are not. Why. sir. this Credit Mobilier as
compared with the corporation to build the
railroad reminds me of an incident that is said
to have occurred in England. Yi hen the Bi>hop
of Rochester swore, one of his thick overheard
him and said it was entirely unbecoming a lush op
to use profane language. Said he. "¥011001101
understand the point at all: I did 11 'wear as a
bishop : f swore as simple, plain John Delar-
ney.'' The reply was, ''When the devil came
for the bishop where would Delarney be ?" So
I inquire when the law goes after the Credit
Mobilier where is the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ; when it goes after the railroad company
where is the Credit Mobilier ? They are, of
course, all honorable men. All they want is
to get a place where they can elect directors
without being molested! All they want is to
get where they can trample the rights of the
stockholders under and carry out the foul
agreement that lies on your table. Where in
the record of the doings of any corporation on
this earth can you find in advance of their pro-
ceeding an agreement to perpetuate power in
the same persons, no matter how fraudulent it
might be or how much ittrampled the interests
of this Government under foot? Sir, talk not
to me of fair faith with such agreements made
in advance.
Why do I say all this? It is to show that the
Central Pacific railroad have got not only a
formidable, but a duplicate foe to deal with—the
Credit Mobilier and the Union Pacific rail-
road : that they leaped around the mountains,
zeed; the mountains to get beyond Ogden,
as natural a terminus for these two roads as
nature could mark. The point is that they
do not mean to let the Central Pacific railroad
up to the supplying of that northern country
with merchandise unless they will pay tribute
to the Credit Mobilier, this thing of straw, this
thing of nothing, and yet potentforevil. They
mean to nhake the Central Pacific railroad pay
tribute to them by carrying the coal to be burnt
on the desert west for hundreds and hundreds
of miles. Sir, as a citizen of the United States,
and as a resident of the Pacifie coast, I protest
in the name of common honesty against the
effort to prevent the most natural terminus in
the world.
J have said all I destre to say upon that point.
I have not one dollar's worth of stock and
never did have in the Central Pacific railroad
or any other, but I have some sympathy with
a company who have, in scriptural parlance,
beaten the mountains fine ; have overleaped
objects that the Governmentengineers had pro-
nounced insurmountable; that by an industry
and an energy and a will unequaled have made
the mountains a plain, and as 1 said here once,
for which I got laughed at by my honorable
friend from Ohio, made the whistle of the loco-
motive to be heard above the eagle's nest. I
insist before this body that men who have
accomplished that shall have at least fair play
at the hands of the Legislature of this nation.
I insist upon it by every principle of fair deal-
ing that they are entitled to the consideration
of a Legislature that granted these privileges
and of a nation that is going to reap so great
a reward. They have no Credit Mobilier.
' Thetis has been money down; over fourteen
miU'Ou uol ais subscribed and paid, and f bold
in my band a list of the names of the sub'
FCiibers. Where is the list of the subscribers
' to the Union Pacific road? In the bowels of
the unopened safe, and that is in the Credit
Mobilier, which no key can open but the mngio
much of the trustees. There, I repeat, is no
Credit Mobilier here; there is the gold ex-
pended, and that gold that they borrowed will
be paid.
11 r. President. I always hate to see injustice.
I always di-liked froiii my earliest childhood to
see the desire of one to overreach another.
An honest, square proceeding by men at the
head of these two great railroads would have
| linked their names with immortality, and .vould
' have opened up a trade at which the world
; would stand amazed at its contemplation, in
1 my early advocacy of this enterprise I declared
that the names which should be linked with the
project and carry it, to a successful completion
would be written in letters of goid upon the
mountain sides that they scaled. And so they
would ; and no one regrets more than 1 to i-ee
the grasping spirit that amounts to almost dis-
houestv now that they have got so that the
sound of the whistle on each end can be heard
i and one echoes back the sound of the other.
