552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
April 6,
The committee propose diem compen-
sation Every man employed is to be allowed
so much per day daring the time he serves;
and when the service is completed Ins office
ends. Under the old system a most singular
method prevailed in regard to mileage. The rale
is this : ten cents a mile for necessary travel,
to be ascertained by multiplying the square
root of the number of dwelling-houses m the
division by the square root of the number of
square miles in such division, and the product
shall be taken as the number of miles traveled
for all purposes in taking this census.
Without dwellingon this singular provision,
I should suppose the rule would operate against
thickly settled districts, and in favoi of those
but thinly inhabited. butiu which an enormous
waste of unsettled territory would make up a
large multiple for the miles. It would be diffi-
cult to apply tliis rule to a lake district. Ihe
northern boundary of the district might be
considered the middle line of the lake. But
how would the mileage be reckoned in such a
case? The .rule see.-.is to be founded in no
defensible principle. I subjoin a letter from
Professor Peirce, whose authority as a in athe-
tnat.ician will give his opinion great weight:
Sir: The rale winch has been adopted for the com-
pensation of ofli'-erssforthe taking of the census does
not appear to uie to have any sound foundation m
reaso-'.aod to be obviously inconsistent with tact.
It, rniebt easily be perverted to filse uses, and I
should rog.ir I itaswi-er.md safer to introduce as>ys-
torn of compensation which was made dopenaont
upon the go>>d judgment and experience ot faithiui
and intelligent super™ ^ ^ ^
Superiniencleni United States Coast &>M'vey.
Believing that this rule might work injustice
sometimes to the Treasury and sometimes to
the census taker the committee thought it best
that the mode of compensation should be by
a definite sum per day for the time actually
employed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the mere machinery of
taking the census is an easy matter compared
with the difficulty of determining just what
statistics should be taken to secure the most
valuable results. The longer the committee
studied the subject the more they became satis-
fied that it needed more knowledge than any
ouo man, or perhaps any one committee of this
House possessed to make the requisite arrange-
ment. of schedules to get precisely the right
kind of information. For instance, there may
be one man in the United States more skilled
in questions concerning vital statistics than any
other, and that man might not be the highest
authority in regard to manufacturing, agricul-
tural, or educational statistics. It was thought
best to designate three officers, the superin-
tendent of the census, tho Secretary of the
Interior, and the Attorney General, to constitute
a board, and to place in their, hands a fund of
$5,000 t,o enable them to call before them men
Bkilled in all branches of statistics, to receive
their suggestions, and as the result of all their
information and deliberation to present at the
first day of tb6 next session of Congress a set
of printed schedules and blanks with any sug-
gestions they might see fit to make for the con-
sideration of the House. We believe in that
way we can bring to bear the best intelligence
of the nation, the most. thorough experience
possessed by any of our citizens, and get asper-
fec.t an arrangement (jf tables as possible. Con-
gress havipg the result of this labor in print on
the fijst dq,y- of the next session, can perfect a
bill-intelligently and without delay.
I wish to answer the suggestion which has
been, made-by some geatlemea that this bill
c%  safely be- postponed till the next session.
Ifj,wj8,pul it over to the next session- and then
begin, the ivork of making the law, having no
eiy^it-intendeijt to do any. of the preliminary
w<j>sfej it will he pushed off to the next spring
or, summer; before we can by any possibility set
up tins-ijiaohinery and put the bureau in work-
in#. orrdef., IIshould regard stlch delay as a
calamity whose extent could not, well lie meas-
. tt-seems tot rue absolutely essential' that
a iarge ptirt of the preliminary work shall be
done d.urkig'the comiiig summer and-falJ, and
for that purpose we desire the passage of this
bill, which will complete all the arrangements
for taking the census, with the exception of
the tables, which will be added at an early
day of next session.
I have stated far too generally for the import-
ance of tne subject the outlines of the bill.
One other point, and 1 will ask the House to
proceed with it section by section. As the
pievious law had in it a provision in relation
to the basis of representation, we have also
treated that subject in this bill; and for the
information of the House 1 will state what has
been the historv of our legislation on this sub-
ject hitherto. Before the first ceususwas taken
there were sixty five members of the House of
Representatives. Dnder the first two censuses,
for twenty years, from 1790 to 1810, the basis
of representation was thirty-three thousand of
population to a Representative. There were
during the first decade one hundred and live
members of the House. During tha second,
one hundred and forty-one. From 1810 to
1820 the basis of representation was thirty-five
thousand, and there were one hundred and
eighty-one members. From 1820 to 1830 the
basis was forty thousand, and the number of
members two hundred and thirteen. From
1830 to 1840 the basis was forty-seven thou-
sand, and the number of members twohundred
and forty. From 1850 to 1860 the basis was
ninety-threethousandfourhundred and twenty,
and the number of members two hundred and
thirty-four, and now the basis of representation
is one hundred and twenty-six thousand eight
hundred and twenty-three, and the number of
members two hundred and thirty-three.
Up to 1850 it. will be noticed that, the House
of Representatives grew not so fast as popula-
tion, but nevertheless it increased from time
to time in a ratio which corresponded in some
degree to the increase of population. In 1850
the House of Representatives was made_ sta-
tionary in numbers by law, and the^ basis of
representation for a member has increased
each decade. Now, according to the best esti-
mate we have seen, the next decade will give
us a population of nearly one hundred and
eighty-five thousand for each Representative.
It will cut off about seven Representatives
from New England, several from the middle
States, and transfer the representative center
of population further west. The committee
believe, on two or three grounds which I will
state in a 1'ew words, that we ought to change
the present basis, and instead of providing
that the House of Representatives shall con-
sist of a fixed number of Representatives,
allow it to share to some extent the growth
of the country. If it does not, every decade
disturbs still more the old balance of repre-
sentative power possessed by the people. To-
day one hundred and seventy thousand Amer-
icans have no more representative power than
thirty-three thousand possessed sixty years ago,
noreven so much, forthen thirty three thousand
elected one out of one hundred and eighty-
one Representatives in the House; now one
hundred and seventy thousand elect bnt one
out of two hundred aud thirty-three of the
House.
Now, the committee believe that one hun-
dred and eighty five thousand people is too
much for any one man to represent well. The
duties thrown upon members of Congress as
theresultof ourla>tewar havemadeau immense
increase in the amount of business. The per-
sonal relations in which a member of Congress
is brought to his constituents, with the increas-
ing business of the' nation, will render it ere
long impossible, if it be not so already, for atjy
one man to perform well and faithfully all the
duties of his station.
If the ■present system continues, and our dis-
tricts are to increase in the future in the same
ratio as in the past, it will beeome more and
more difficult, and will at length become in
many cases impossible, for any one man to truly
represent his district. How many large dis
tricts are there now, one end of which is agri-
cultural and perhaps1 in favor of free trade,
while the other end is a manufacturing pre-
cinct, and perhaps in favor of a high pro-
tective tariff? No one can fail ly represent a
district so extended that so many adverse opin-
ions aud interests are involved.
Again, it was the purpose of our fathers in
framing the Constitution that this House should
be the populous if not the popular body of
Congress, as compared with the Senate. Now,
for twenty years the House of Representatives
has had no growth. During the same period
the Senate has been growing at the rate of two
Senators for each new State admitted into the
Union, and the growth of that body in twenty
years has been nearly twenty per cent. Let
this state of things continue and ultimately
the Senate will become the populous body
and the House of Representatives the small
one. The committee, therefore, believe it is
wiser to fix some representative basis, and
they propose to fix it at one hundred and fifty
thousand. This, according to the best esti-
mates we can get, will give for the next decade
about two hundred and seventy members in
the House, an increase of about twenty-seven
members over the present number, and it will
probably not decrease the present number of
Representatives from any State, though it will
of course very considerably increase the num-
ber in some of the States. This whole matter
of representation, however, if the House do
not think it ought to be considered here, can
be dropped out of this bill and lelt to be con-
sidered after we get the preliminary report. We
have thought it advisable, however, to put it in
here, because once in the history of the Grovern-
ment there was a long and acrimonious struggle
over the question of representative ratio, be-
cause Congress had the figures before them and
each member knew how many members his State
would get. We can fix that matter now before
we know what the figures will be, letting it hit
where it may, belter than we can when the result
is known and individual and State interests are
involved.
I now yield to the gentleman from Ohio, who
wishes to ask a question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. My colleague has given
a very clear explanation of the bill, which- has
been prepared with great care. There are one
or two questions that I would like to have
answered for the information of the House.
And first, I inquire if my colleague can state
whether tho system proposed in this bill will
be more economical than that heretofore
adopted ?
Mr. GARFIELD. It is impossible for me
to say precisely what the cost of taking the
census will be. I believe that $1,500,000 were
expended during the first two years, under the
old law, in taking the census of 1860. 1 think
this will be more economical, however, for it
limits the time for doing the work. My col-
league will remember that since he and 1 have
been in Congress, even as late as the summer
of 1866, proof-sheets of a part of our census
report for 1860 were passing through the hands
of the Public Printer, and that before we got
the full document in our possession its value
was half lost by the lapse of time. Our arrange-
ment here is that everything shall close in three
years. There will be a great saving iti time,
and, I think, a consequent saving in money.
But I desire to say at this point that if any one
can show me a method by which the census
can be made better and more thorough 1 will
vote for that method, if it costs five times as
much as the old method. It seems to me that
in this matter the actual saving of dollars and
cents is not economy; but still 1 believe the bill
as framed will save money as compared with
the case under the old law.
Mr. LAWRENCE. One thing more. I
notice that this bill provides for district super-
intendents and local enumerators, and fixes the
compensation of the superintendent at eight
dollars per day, and that of the enumerators at
five dollars per day. Now, it seems to me that
it is impracticable to pay the enumerators in
all the subdivisions of the United States the
same compensation, for instance, in some
