1869.
THE (JONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE
553
of the large cities it might be difficult to get j!
enumerators at, the same rate as you can get jl
ih>-in in the rural districts. Again, in Caii- !'
fiirimi and ilic Pacific States and in some of |i
the Ten it ones, where the currency is exclu- jl
sivelv gold, it may not be practicable to get j;
enumerators for the same compensation that !■
yon would in some of the interior States. |j
Again, it seems to me that five dollars aday i;
is as a general rule too large a compensation. j|
There is no greater degree of talent required ;!
fo these enumerators than would generally be ;!
required for the average of the mechanics of :
the country, and this is a larger compensation ;
tliaa the average ol mechanics get through the ■
country. 1 would suggest to tny colleague that
he consider the propriety of reducing tins allow- .
ance of live dollars aday to something less, j
and authorizing the general superintendent to i
make an additional allowance in the large cities ;
and in the States and Territories where it may
be found impracticable to get enumerators for
that amount.
[Here the hammer fell, the half hour allowed
for debate having expired.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to lay aside this bill for the purpose of moving
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the bills reported from
the Committee on Appropriations, which it is
very necessary that we should consider now if
they are to be passed this session. I mean the
Indian appropriation bill and the river and
harbor appropriation bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move to post-
pone the bill until next session.
l'he bPEAliElt. i'he Chair would inform
the gentleman from Wisconsin that if the
House resolves itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union it must take
up whatever special order is first in order ; and
the Ciiair is under the impression, without re-
ferring to the Journal clerk, that the river
and harbor appropriation bill is a special order
in advance of the lndip.n appropriation bill,
and the bills, unless by unanimous consent or
under a suspension of the rules, will have to
be taken up m their order.
Mr WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
not press my motion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to postpone the
bill until the first Monday in December next,
and upon that motion I move the previous
question.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to submit an
amendment to the notice of the gentleman who
lias charge of the bill and learn from him
whether he will agree that it may be introduced,
because his answer to that proposition will
deiei mine my vote on the motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Scofield,] and 1 think the votes
of some other gentlemen upon this side of the
House.
the SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the gentleman can proceed.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
consent that, atl amendment may be offered to
the sixth section, in line four, so as to make
it read:
That three months before the time fixed for the
taking ot a census the Secretary ot the Interiorshall
appoint oni- district superintendent in each congres-
sional district upon the nomination of the Repre-
sentative ot the district.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot, of course, ac-
cept that amendment or any other. The bill
is open to amendment. 1 do not know that
the gentleman's amendment is unreasonable.
Mr. WOODWARD. Will the gentleman
agree that it, shall be offered?
"Mr. GARFIELD. I will consent to its being
offered, most certainly. I
Mr. WOODiVAltD. Then I shall vote !
against postponing. ;
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say one word ;
onlv. My friend from Rhode Island [Mr. ;
■ luNctvt.s] has a proposition to make which,
if the House, desires it, will have the effect of ^
shortening the consideration of this hill, ilie
gentleman proposes to strike out all except ,
the first live sections ol the bill, and to pass the
first five sections and require the committee
to report whatever else may be needed on the
first Monday in December, if that should pre-
vail this whole bill can be disposed oi in three
quarters of an hour at furthest.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
that proposition should not prevail, what then?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am satisfied there will
be abundant time to take this matter up at the
next session of Congress. And I believe, too,
if we go on with this bill now, it may necessi-
tate a called session of Congress immediately
after the close of the present session.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to call the attention
of the House to one fact which will take but
a minute to state ; that is, that, the twenty-
fourth section of this bill puts the whole dis
tribution of the political power of this House
between the States into the hands and under
the discretion of one single individual without
requiring him to report to the House or to get
any indorsement of his action by Congress.
And the next section provides that the head
of this bureau, or the superintendent of the
censu3, shall ascertain the population of the
different States, and thereupon he shall notify
the Governors of those States of the number
of Representatives to which each State is to
be entitled, and which is to be binding on this
country for the next ten years.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That only shows the
necessity of postponing this bill, and I must
insist upon my motion.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
seconding the previous question.
The question was taken : and the previous
question was seconded upon a division—ayes
o2, noes 47.
The main question was then ordered.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to postpone ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 02, noes 67.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
DICKEY called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were thirty-two in
the affirmative. *
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 05, nays 87,
not voting 44 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnell. Bailey, Bank?, Ben-
man,Bennett, Benton, B*air, Bullinton, Benjamin F.
Butier, Cessna, Chuichili, Amasa Cobb, Canton L.
Cobb,Conger,Cowles, Davis, Deweese, Dic-key. Dixon, j
Donley, Duval, Farnsworih, Ferris. Ferry, Fmketn- I
burg, lluldemau, Hale, llawiey. liny, Heaton. Hill, ,
Hoar, Hooper, Hopkins, Alexander R. Jones, Judd, |
Julian, lielscv, Krntpp, Lougtiudse, Lynch, McCor- ;
mick, Jes-e 11. Moore. Dame! J. Morreil, Samuel P. 1
1 Morrill, Xrsie\, O'Neill, Packer, Paine, Palmer, ;
1 Peters, Pnelps Poland, Pottei, Sawyer, ScoSeld,
Shanks, Tanner. Townsend. Tniehell. Csulwalader ,
C. Wa-hburu, William B. Washuuin, \\ tutlemore,
and Wulard—fid.
JfAYS—Mc rs. Adams, Allison, Archer, A«per,
Axtell, Beatty, Beck, J3igg«, Bingham, Bird, Boyd,
Brooks, Burdett, Burr, Calkin. Ciarke, Cleveland,
Coburn, Cook. Crebs, Cuilom, Dickinson. Ela, Eld-
ridye, Fisher, Fitch, Gadield, Getz, Golladay, Hamiil,
Hawkins, Iloiuian, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones,Kel-
ley, Kerr, Retctiam, Knott, Lafini. Lash. Lawrence,
Marshall, Mayham. Maynaid, McXeeiy, Mercur,
Motfet, Eliakiui H. Moore. William Mooie.Mungen,
Niblack, Orth, Pomeroy, Randall, Reading, Reeves,
Rice, Roger.-,, Roots. Sanford, Sargent, Schenck,
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
William Smyth, Stevens, Ste\ enson. Stokes, Stiick-
land, Sweeney, Taffe, Tillman, Trimble, Tvner,
Upson, Van Auken. Voorhees, ^ elker, Yv ells,
Wheele , Wilkinson, Eugene II. Wilson, John I.
Wilson, Winans. Witcher, and Woodward Si.
NOl' VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Ben-
jamin, Boles, Bowen, Roderick R. Butier, Cake,
Dawes, Dockery, Dyer, Fox, Giifillan, Greene, Gris-
woid, llaight, llamblcton, Hamilton, iloug, Hoteh-
kiss, Ingersoll, Johnson, Logan, McCarthy, Me-
Crary, MeGrew, Morgan, Morrissey,^ Packard,
Prosser, Schumaker, Slocum, Joseph fc. Smith, nil-
liam J. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Stoughlon, Strader,
Swnnn. Van Horn. Van Trump, \\ ard, i> ilhains,
Winchester, and Wood—41.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
mrssafle from the skxate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. H.on.ix,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a resolution, in which i'he concur-
rence of the House was requested, providing
that five thousand copies of tbe report of Pro-
fessor Raymond on mines and mining be
printed for the use of tbe Senate.
The message further announced that, the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No.
s59) making San Diego, California, a port of
entry ; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
"NINTH CENSUS.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 2-36, to provide for taking the
ninth and subsequent censuses.
The SPEAKER. The bill will now be read
by sections for amendment.
The first section was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of llepresenta-
tives of the United States of America in Congress aweru-
b/ed, That there is hereby established m tae Depart-
ment of the Interior an office to be known as the
Cen-us Bureau, toe principal officer of which shall
have charge of the census to be taken in 1870, and
of subsequent censuses, and shall perform such other
duties as may be required by law.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend this sec-
tion ky striking out the words " and of subse-
quent censuses." I agree with all the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has said in
presenting this bili, that it is a matter of the
highest importance ; that the manner of taking
a census is now in some degree reduced to a
science, and that it is highly desirable that the
best possible plan should be devised for taking
the next census in this country. But I doubt
whether the plan proposed by this bill is best.
Therefore I propose to offer amendments fol-
lowing this to the end of the fifth section of
this bill, for the general purpose of authorizing
the appointment of a superintendent ot the
census, with a few clerks, who shall commence
at once the work of preparation for taking the
next census, and that be shall be empowered
to consult not with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior and the Attorney General, as provided by
the bill, but that a joint committee of both
Houses, to consist of the present Census Com-
mittee of the House and such committee as the
Senate inay^dd on its part, shall perfect this
plan during* the recess and report to Congress
at tbe commencement of the next session.
That is the general idea ; and the amendments
which 1 shall propose will he for the purpose
of carrying out that idea. When we come to
the end of the fifth section, if my previous
amendments shall have been adopted, 1 shall
move to strike out all the remainder of the bill
and insert an additional section empowering
this joint committee to sit during the recess,
to procure this information and to make this
report. In moving the pending amendment
I-to strike out "and of subsequent censuses my
■ object is that this bili shall be a temporary
j measure, the first step in the makiugof prepara-
: tions for the doing oi this vast work, the taking
i of the next census, and that the system %hich
| may now be adopted shall be superseded by the
| bill which thisjoiut committee shall ryport at
the nest session.
Tbe amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That subject to
the limitations of this act the Census Bureau snail be
under tho direction of a superintendent ot the cen-
sus. who shall he appointed by the President, b> and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, ana uis
term of scrvu e shall begin on the 1st of May ot the
year next preceding that in which a census is to be
taken, and shall continue for the term ot three yeuis,
and no longer. He shail receive an annualsataiy of
$4,000, to bo paid in monthly installments, and the
necessary allowance tor office expenses, and   all
be allowed the otlicial franking privilege, and the
right of using the Library ot Congress the same as
allowed by law to members of Congress.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the sec-
tion just read by striking out in the first clause
tho words of the year next preceding that in
which a census is to be taken" and inserting in
lieu thereof " 18to>."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend by
striking out in the second clause of tho second
seciion " $4,000" and inserting m l'.eu thei c of
'• jj-j.OuO." so as to provide that tho superintend-
ent of the eenvus-hall receive an aun.uii "alary
