554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
of 85,000. This very important officer, who
must be a person of education and skill, and
who must leave all other pursuits to devote
himself to his official dudes, is to have but
temporary employment,: and I think the salary ji
ouglit to be somewhat larger than that pro- ji
posed in this section. 1 have therefore moved ||
this amendment. 'i
The amendment was not agrped to.
Mi'. MORRILL, of Maine, i move to amend j;
bv striking out "J-i.OCO" and inserting ,|
V^.OOO," sous to make the salary of this ;!
olliuer So.OUO. ji
.Mr GARFIELD. I hope this amendment
v.ill not prevail. I think that the salary of
Svt.000 proposed ill the bill is too little: but I
was willing to fix the salary at as low a figure
as was likely to secure a suitable officer. I do
not believe that a competent man can be pro-
cured for a salary of $3,000.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I hope, Mr. Speaker,
that, the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine will not prevail. The taking of this
census is the greatest work of the decade ; and
it requires for its superintendent a man of
supereminent ability and character.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall appoint for tile Census
Bureau one chief clerk, with a salary of 82,500; six
clerks of the fourth class, ten of the third class, ten
of tile second class, and as many of the first class as
may be necessary to complete the census within the
time prescribed bylaw. He may also employ such
watchmen, messengers, and laborers as maybeneces-
sarv, whoshall bepaid the sameratesas nowallowed
for similar services in til* Department of the Inte-
rior: I'rovided, That none of 'he clerks authorized
in this secdon, except the chief cleik and one clerk
ot cacti el iss, shall be appointed until the 1st day of
December of the year preceding that in which the
census is to ba taken: And provided Juriher, That at
the end of three years from the date fixed by this act
as the beginning of the term of service of the super-
intendent of the census the terms of all officers and
employes herein provided for shall expire, and the
Census Bureaushall be closed, and allrecoids, books,
papers, and other property connected therewith shall
be delivered for safe-keeping to the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I move to amend
the section just read by inserting ia line two,
after the words "Census Bureau," these words:
"from time to time, as the Dusiness of said
bureau may necessitate, not exceeding;" so
that the first clause will read as follows :
That the Secretary of the Interior shall appoint
for the Census Bureau from time to time, as the busi-
ness of said bureau may necessitate, not exceeding
one chief clerk, with a salary of $2,500; six clerks of
the lourlh class, tea of the third class, ten of the
second class, and as many of the first class as may be
necessary to complete the census within the timo
prescribed by law.
Mr. MAYNARD. Inasmuch as the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] has
intimated a purpose to move amendments modi-
fying this bill in a particular direction, and as
the House has indicated some disposition to
adopt his plan, I suggest that in the first place
we hear the amendments, if any, that lie pro-
poses to make to the section before we enter-
tain other propositions.
Mr. JENCKES. I was about to offer an
amendment of the same nature as that offered
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Fixk-
elneurg. ]
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then I will with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. JEN CUES. -The amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri covers the whole
ground, and I hope it will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to strike out
"$500" in line three, so as to reduce the salary
of tnis chief clerk from $2,500 to $2,000 a
year, ItWnkthat$2,0OOa year is large enough
salary for this ehief clerk.
■ Mr. SG0FJELD. I hope that amendment
will not pass.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JENCKES. -I move to strike out thin
proviso: -
And provided further. That at the end of three
years from the date fixed by this act as the beginning
of the terms of service of the superintendent of the
census the terms of all officers and employes herein
provided for shall expire, and the Census Bureau shall
be closed, and all records, books, papers, and other
properly connected therewith shall he delivered tor
safe-keeping to the Secretary of the Inteiior.
As this is intended to be temporary, this pro-
viso will be unnecessary it the amendments I
shall propose are adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 hope that will not be
adopted. This proviso makes a limitation
which is proper.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw my amend-
ment, as it can do no liaira.
I move to insert after the word "bureau,"
and before the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri, the words " on the nomination
of said superintendent." The business with
which this superintendent is charged is, per-
haps, next to the Patent Office, one requiring
skill in the head of the bureau and the greatest
skill in the assistants whom he shall employ.
It is to be presumed that the person who takes
this responsible office will need the best assist-
ants he can obtain, and he will be far better
acquainted with this class of skilled labor than
the Secretary of the Interior. These appoint-
ments for these special purposes, requiring the
highest accuracy and skill, should not be made
from political considerations, but on account
of fitness for the task. If the superintendent
nominates, the Secretary of the Interior will
still have the right to approve or reject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move in the eleventh
line to strike out the word "clerks," and in
lieu thereof to insert "employes."
Mr. ALLISON. Say clerks or employes.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 agree to that.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
The fourth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 4. And he it farther enacted. That the census
shall exhibit the number and condition of the popu-
lation ot tlieUnited States as it may exist on the 1st
day of April of the year in which the census is taken ;
the number of marriages and deaths that mav have
occurred within one year next preceding said date;
the statistics of agriculture and productive industry
within the year preceding said date; and statistics
of the educational, re .gious, intellectual, charitable,
or other social interests according to the forms of
schedules hereinafter to be provided for.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
committee to move to insert in line four the
word " births" before the word " marriages."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts'. It ought
to be after "marriages." [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. It was agreed to in the
committee that there should be submitted for
the action of the House a proposition to strike
out "April" and insert "June." The commit-
tee differed on that point, and I therefore move
to strike out the word "April," and in lieu
thereof to insert "June."
Mr. ALLISON. I am perfectly clear, unless
it is.proposed to make this census apply in its
results to the election to be held for the Forty-
Second Congress, the word "June" should be
substituted for "April." I do not know what
will be the effect in certain States, but in the
States bordering upon the Mississippi river it
is almost i mpossible to acquire accurate inform-
ation in April. It is a season when it is almost
impossible to travel through the country on
account of the swollen streams and the diffi-
culty of passing over the farm roads. There
fore, it seems to me, if we are to have an accu-
rate census it can be more easily and accurately
secured by fixing-the month of Jane than'the
month of April. In addition to that, the census
of 1860 was taken on the 1st day of June, and
this will make it exactly ten years from then.
I hope the amendment will be ad oped.
Mr. .KNOTT. I desire to say, in regard to
this amendment, that in my own State, and I
believe it is equally true of the majority of ali
the States, during the month of April the popu-
lation is in a more unsettled condition than in
any other part of the year, being in a state of
transition from one place to another. But by
the 1st of June they have a local habitation.
Itis therefore eminently proper that the enumer-
ation should commence either in that month
or at some time when the population is settled.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment of tha
gentleman from Iowa will prevail substitut-
ing June for April.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move,pro forma, to
amend by inserling March. 1_ eonsidi r the
weightiest objection taken to fixing ^pril is
that it shortens the decade. But it seems to me
all the objections are more than counterbal-
anced by considerations on the other side. Of
course,for purposes of comparison, it would be
better if we could say from 1850 to IS'>0, just
ten years: and 30 trom 1800 to 1870, just ten
years more; so that we could have an accurate
comparison of the exact time. But the month
of June is so far down in the year that people
can travel better in that month, and hence are
more away from home. It is the time when
merchants are getting ready to go to watering
places during the summer vacation. The nearer
you get back to January the more perfectly
men can know what their business is, the bet-
ter you can get statistics of manufacturing and
of business generally, and the more accurate
will be your facts. Now, I know that in April
the traveling is bad, but then a man can do a
little bad traveling if he is sure to find people
at home, as he is much more likely to do in
that month than later in the year. I know there
is difficulty about any time you can fix, and I
was disposed to think that even March would
bo better than April, being so much nearer to
the beginning of the year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think, in his study of
this subjcct, my colleague has overlooked one
fact, aud that is that our people are moving in
the interior on the 1st of April, and in New
York and further north on the 1st of May
the common practice is to change residences
where persons occupy premises as tenants. In
the West this is done generally on the 1st of
April. In New York city particularly it is
notorious that pretty much all the household
furniture is in carts on the 1st day of May in
the course of transition from one point to an-
other. Now, sir, if there were nothing else,
this to me is a very strong argument for sub-
stituting the 1st day of June, when the popula-
tion has become settled.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the pro forma
amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Allison, it was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the
pending section in line nine, by inserting after
the word "interests" the words "and vital
sanitary statistics."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend in line five, after the word " mar-
riages," by inserting the word "divorces." I
simply call the attention of the House to the
fact that these statistics will be of value,
because we can find then what has been done
in annulling the marriage contract.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 am quite willing to let
that amendment be made, only it would be
incumbering the tables with too many columns.
Still I do not object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That for the pur-
pose of obtaining in the most efficient manner the
statistical infoimation required by the fourth section
of this act, the Secretary of the Interior, the Attorney
General, and the superintendent of the census are
hereby authorized and directed to prepare schedules,
not exceeding six in number, which shall conform
generally to the schedules provided by law for the
seventh and eighth censuses, bat with such modifi-
cations as the changed condition of the population
and industry of the United States may require, and
with such other modifications as may in their judg-
ment render the eeusus more correct and valuable.
And in carrying out tho provisions of this section the
officers herein named are hereby authorized to em-
ploy the services of any person or persons specially
skilled in any branch of statistical science connected
with the census; and for this purpose there is hereby
appropriated a sum, not to exceed $5,000, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Said officers shall also prepare a full set of blanks to
be used in taking the census, and shall lay before
Congress, on the first day of its second regular session
in 1869, a printed report of the schedules and blanks
herein provided, together with any suggestions they
may think necessary, in order to perfect arrange-
