1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
noo
merits for taking the census, to theend that Congress
tnay fix by law the exact form of schedules to be used.
Mr. GAKF1ELD. I desire now that the
House will hear the proposition of the gentle-
man from Uhode Island, [Mr. Jenck.es,j.which,
if the House approves it, will obviate the ne-
cessity of our going any further with this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before a
proposition is made to strike out thesixth sec-
tion 1 desire to move an amendment to perfect
the section.
Mr. JENCKES. I want first to propose an
amendment to section five. I move to strike
out in lines three anil four the words ''the
Secretary of the Interior, the Attorney General,
and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I now move in line five
to strike out the word ''are," and insert in
lieu thereof '' acting under the advice of a joint
select committee upon the matter of the ninth
census, to consist of the House committee and
such committee as the Senate may add thereto,
is j" so that the section, as amended, will read:
Sf.c. 5. And be it furth.tr enacted, That for the pur-
pose of obtaining in the most efficient manner the
statistical information required by the fourth section
of this act the superintendent of the census, acting
under tlie advice of a joint select committee upon
the matter of the ninth census, to consist of the
House committee and such committee as the Senate
may add thereto, is hereby authorized and directed
to prepare schedules, not exceeding six in number,
which shall conform generally ta the schedules pro-
vided by law tor iheseventhand eighth censuses, &c,
The other amendments which I shall offer to
this section are simply for the purpose of mak-
ing it symmetrical.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope this amendment
wiil not be hurried through without a little fur-
ther consideration. This amendment, it strikes
me, would throw the whole arrangement into
the hands ofa committee of which we know noth-
ing at all at this time. 1 would much prefer that
the board should remain as it is in the bill.
Mr, JENCKES. 1 propose to add another
section to the bill defining the duties of the
committee, and providing that they shall not
bind this House or Congress, but shall merely
report a plan at the commencement of the next
session of Congress.
Mr. DICKEY. Then why not let the whole
thing go over?
Mr. JENCKES. It does in fact go over,
except that we shall have a superintendent and
a committee to consult, and clerks to do their
work.
Mr. DICKEY. Then the whole purpose is
to enable certain gentlemen to draw salaries
until next December.
Mr. JENCKES. Not in the least, unless
thev do the work. Ihey must earn their pay
if they get it. 1 will read, as a part of my re-
ntal ks the additional section which I propose
to offer, so that the House may understand the
whole scope of my proposition.
Mr. HOAR. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
whether this would not interfere with the duties
of the Department already existing, or whel her
this duty cannot be performed in large part by
that Department?
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to say in support
of my amendment that the purpose of having
a select joint committee on this subject is that
when we commence this work next December
we shall not only have a report laid upon our
tables, but there will be a certain number of
members of this House and of the other House
who will be familiar with all the details of it
and can make explanations. Such a commit-
tee working through sub-committees can do
the work far better than any officers detailed
from tlie Interior Department or any officers
detailed from the Bureau of Statistics, now in
charge of the Special Commissioner of the
Revenue, who have enough to do under the
existing law. This amendment of mine fur-
nishes the superintendent and the committee
with a sufficient number of clerks to do all the
necessary work. I will read what 1 propose
to offer as section six in lieu of the section of
the bill after section five:
Thatsaid joint Committee upon the Xinth Census,
I to be appointed as hereinbefore provided, shall have |
! power to send for persons and papers and to examine 1
■ witnesses in order to ascertain the best method of :
taking the said ninth census, and tor obtaining such !
other information concerning the population, in-
dustry, property, aDd resources of the country as
' they may think proper for the purpose of rendering
: the census and the statistics to beobtained therewith
■ correct and valuable. Andsaidcoinmitteearehereby
authorized to act during the recess of Congress and
j through sub-comrniitees, and shall report at the next
I session of Congressa bill for the taking of the census,
1 with such schedules, forms, and directions fig they
i1 may think best. And the Congressional Printer is
" hereby authorized to print  ueh portions of the evi-
|l dence and such documents as said committee may
. require during the recess, in order that their report
may be made in print at the commencement of the
, next session.
i! That is as far as I shall propose to go at this
i! session.
!' Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
ji to state my proposed amendment to the sixth
[I section of this bill, rather for information to
this House than for anything else. If we shall
go on with this bill instead of adopting the
suggestion of the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jejtckes,] of which I am in favor,
I propose to amend the sixth section so that
it will read as follows :
That the census herein provided for shall be taken
by the assessors and assistant assessors of internal
revenue in their several districts without additional
compensation, and who, for the purposes of this act,
shall report to and be under the direction of the
superintendent of the census.
It will be observed by the House that we now
have for the first time an organization which
extends all over the country, and which is now
obliged to deal with almost every man in the
! country. Heretofore the censuses have been
j taken by the United States marshals and their
■ deputies. But now we have a complete organ-
I relation in full operation who have not enough
I to do to keep them employed during the whole
! year, and who, I think, could take the next cen-
| sus better than any number of census takers
i appointed de novo. The officers of the pres-
| em organization have afar better acquaintance
I with the people of their districts and of the
I country than any new set of men we can
| appoint; and in that way we could substan-
tially save all the expense of census takers.
Mr. GARFIELD. When I first came to think
of the matter of taking the census it sepraed
to me that the very best, thing that could be
done was to have it taken by the officers of
internal revenue.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire of the
Chair what is before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexck.es.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. That has been debated
for and against, and the debate is therefore
exhausted on it under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regarded the
remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] as rather interlocutory.
sition of the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Jexckes,] I would not consent to it if it
were not that I fear we might fail to pass any
bill this session if we attempted to go through
the whole of this bill. But if we go on with
the first five sections, and at the end of the
fifth section put on the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island, I think the bill can
be passed, and all the subsequent portions of
the bill can be perfected and acted upon early
next session, and probably that would be the
best course. That would save time now and
would insure us the preliminary arrangements
f jr taking the census. The chief objection I
have to the proposition is that it will devolve
upon the committee an amount of labor that i
am not so sure the individual members of that
committee will be willing to perform during the
vacation. If there is no danger of our coming,
together at the next session in December and
finding no report, and that all the work will
have to be done then as now, then this plan of
the gentleman from Rhode Island may be an
efficacious one. But I thought if we left this
matter to the Attorney General, the Secretary
of the Interior, and the commissioner of the
census, we should then have three gentlemen
fortified by character and reputation and ex-
perience to do this work, and that being officials
of the Government under the command of Con-
gress they would undertake to do the work and
would accomplish it. It seems to me that would
be wise.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to say that I have
seen a majority of the committee, and I am
satisfied they would agree to remain here and
do their duty.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no doubt they
would all do their duty.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Jexckes; and it was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to further amend
this section .by striking out the words "not
exceeding six in number" after the words
"to prepare schedules."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I now move to strike oat
the remainder of this bill, and to insert iti lieu
thereof what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That said joint
Committee on the Ninth Census, to be appointed as
hereinbefore provided, shall have power to send
for persons and papers and to examine witnesses in
order to ascertain the best method ot taking the  aid
ninth census, and for obtaining such other informa-
tion concerning the population, industry, pr^ptrty,
and resources of the country, as tney may think
I1 proper for the purpose of rendering the census, and
'1 the statistics to be obtained therewith, correct and
i valuable. And said committee are hereby author-
' 1 ized to act during the recess of Congress, and through
' sub-committees, and shall report at the nest session
! of Congress a bill for the taking of the census, with
! such schedules, forma, and directions as they may
,! think best. And the Congressional Printer is hereby
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say but a i
word or two more. j
On reflection it appeared to the committee I
that if we selected that Department for the
purpose of taking the census the officers under
that Department would be under two masters,
every man of them liable at all times to be
ordered on duty by two separate Departments
of the Government; and if they are full of
business under one Department, as they often
are now, they could not do both things well.
In the next place, their approach to the peo-
ple always means taxation. We desired as far
as possible to take that out of the_ minds of
the people in connection with this census.
And further on we have put a provision requir- j
authorized to piint such portions, of the evidt-nee
anri such documents as said committee may require
during the recess, in order that the report may be
made in print at the commencement uf the nest
session.
Mr. JENCKES. I agree with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] that a
great portion of the statistics formerly o btained
through the Internal Revenue Bureau can be
used in the preparation of the statistics which
are to go to make up the ninth census. Per-
haps no more perfect statistics were ever taken
than those which were procured by that bureau
concerning the manufactures of this country
down to the date when the taxation on manu-
factures was removed. In order that some plan
may be devised for utilizing this vast mass of
ing that alVstatistics relating to property shall jj information which now lies waste and cannot
be considered confidential, and that no man ;i be used, I have submitted the proposition to
i the census.
' For these reasons we thought best not to -   0 „ ,
j attempt the taking of the census through the :j sary for some purposes to appoint otl ers ttu^.i
I Internal Revenue'Bureau, for if we did it in revenue officers: as for instance, kir tht r e^
j that way we should have to make the Commis-
' sinner of Internal Revenue cx officio the head ;    f,.^m the
..of the Census Bureau. We thought that had , ployed, to be entjre £
i: better not be done. In regard to the propo- '' revenue officers, so that the duties ot the latter
whole of this ground again. It may be neces-
enumeration of the people in the month of
tune. Officers for that purpose may be em-
