556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
will not be interfered with. As to the collec-
uon of vital and sanitary statistics, there are
now in some of the States regularly organized
bureaus for that purpose, and probably no offi-
cers that might be appointed by the Govern-
ment could procure those statistics so quickly
and accurately as the State officers. Some
mode can certainly be devised by whieh we can
use the information thus regularly obtained,
thereby saving a portion of the vast expense
usually incident upon taking the census.
These are some of the considerations—and I
wished to refer to them because they are perti-
nent to the discussion—which have induced me
to offer the amendment and submit this plan.
The amendment was agreed to; there being—
ayes seventy-three, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. If my colleague [Mr.
Garfield] will withhold for a moment the
demand for the previous question I would like
to ask him a question. I wish to inquire whether
he contemplates any further legislation than
that contained in this bill for the enumeration
of persons as a basis of representation ? In
other words, does this bill, in its present form,
include all the legislative action which is pro-
posed for the purpose of making the enumera-
tion which is to be the basis of representation ?
Mr. GARFIELD. The bill in its present
form, all after the fifth section being struck
out, does not refer at all to the question of the
basis of representation. That question is left
to be acted on at the next session.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then the enumeration is
not to be made under this bill?
Mr. GARFIELD. Oh, no.
Mr. WARD. As I understand, nothing is
now left of the bill but the committee. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DICKEY. And a few officers.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The bill was then passed ; there being—ayes
81, noes 29.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
title of the bill so as to read, "An act to pro-
vide for taking the ninth census."
The motion was agreed to.
pennsylvania contested-election' case.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee of
Elections, submitted a report on the Pennsyl-
vania contested-election case of Myers vs.
Moffet, concluding with the following" resolu-
tion :
Bviolved, That John Moffet is not entitled to a
seat m this House as a Representative from the third
congressional district of Pennsylvania in the Fony-
inrst Co gre^s.
. ftewlvgl, That Lednard Myersis entitled to a seat
m this House as a Representative from the third
congressional district of Pennsylvania in the Porty-
iirst Congress.
The report was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Leave was granted for the submission and
printing of a minority report.
Mr. STEVENSON" gave notice that he would
call the case up day after to-morrow.
capitation tax ox cattle.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 404) to repeal an
act of the Legislatureof New Mexico imposing
a capitation tax on bovine cattle ; which was
read a.first and second time.
The bill provides that the act of the Legis-
lature of the Territory of New Mexico of Feb-
ruary 8, 1869, and all other laws and parts of
laws of said Legislature imposing a capitation
tax on bovine cattle introduced into said
Territory from other Territories or States, or
the republic of Mexico, are disapproved and
repealed.
Mr. SARGENT. The Legislature of the
Territory of New Mexico passed an act on the
3d of February, 1809. which was against the
Constitution of the United States and in defiance
of the organic law of the Territory. A capita-
tion tax of fifty cents per head was levied on
all bovine cattie brought within the Territory,
either to re&r or for sale, from any other State
or Territory, or from Mexico, since January,
1867, down to the time of the passage of the
bill, and a tax of one dollar per head was
levied on all thereafter brought within the Ter-
ritory. The bill specially provides that all
cattle natives of the Territory shall be ex-
empt. Heavy fines are imposed to enforce the
act. Part of the law is ex post facto, and all
of it oppressive. It is an attempt to make
non-residents or persons transiently in the
Territory pay the expenses of the Territory,
and discriminates against them in favor of
residents, which the organic law expressly pro-
hibits. It assumes to regulate commerce be-
tween the States and Territories and itself, and
it levies custom duties on cattle imported into
the Territory from Mexico ; all of which would
be unconstitutional even in a State. It will
make the transportation of cattle across the
Territory expensive, and greatly increase their
cost in my own State. I very well know that,
such a law has no validity whatever, and tested
before any competent tribunal would be de-
clared invalid. But that is no consolation to
those who are the victims of it and who cannot,
without great expense, submit their grievances
to any higher tribunal than the probate courts
of the counties of the Territory, which are given
jurisdiction underthe act. Congress must there-
fore intervene to afford adequate relief. The
bill was vetoed by the territorial Governor for
obvious reasons, and was passed by the territo-
rial Legislature over his veto. I have submitted
this bill to the territorial Delegates likely to
be interested in it, and also to the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Bingham,]
all of whom approve it. I trust it may be
passed at once, and this highly improper legis-
lation be disapproved and annulled.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
louisiana contested-election case.
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, submitted s report in the case of Frank
Morey ns. G. \V. McCranie, from the fifth con-
gressional district of Louisiana, to the effect
that G. W. McCranie is unable to take the oath
of office prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, sub-
mitted a minority report on the same ease ;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to ,
be printed. :
COMPENSATION OF ARKANSAS MEMBEIiS. !
Mr. PAINE, from the Committee of Elec- i
tlons, reported back House bill No. 87. for the '
relief of James M. Johnson and Gayle H. i
Kyle, members-elect from the State of Arkan- '
sas to the Thirty-Eighth and Thirty-Ninth Con- j
gresses; and (lie same was referred to the '■
Committee of Claims. j
sixteenth AND seventeenth RULES. '
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following '
resolution; which was read, considered, and !
agreed to: jj
Resolved by the home of liepreseniatives, (the Sen- ^
ato ooneurring.) That for the remaining days of this
first session ot'tho Forty-First Congress the sixteenth
and seventeenth joint rules of the two Houses be
suspended.
EIGHT-HOUU LAW.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Iiesofoed, As the sense of this House, that when
eight hours' labor has been fixed by law as a day's
work a fair and j uvt construction of the law requires
that a full day's wages shall bo paid for sneh eight
hours'labor, and that the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire what, if any, legislation is
necessary to carry into effectwh it is ner-in declared
to be the true construction of said law, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. DAWES. That resolution was adopted
at the beginning of the last session and of the
present session, but the Committee on the
Judiciary for some reason have failed to make
any report. If I thought it would do any good
I should like to see it adopted.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
state why we did not report upon it. We could
not get the floor for that purpose. .
indian' appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. The regular order being called
for, I move to suspend the rules and that th'e
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the special order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
that question is put I want to call the atten-
tion of the House to 
Mr. RANDALL and others objected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask my
colleague to withdraw his motion to allow me
to make a statement.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts yields the floor to his colleague
he must yield it entirely, there being objection.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot do that, it is in
the power of the majority of the House to say
whether they will go into Committee of the
Whole on the Indian appropriation bill. I will
only say that unless it is done to-day I fear it
will be difficult to get the Indian appropriation
bill through.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was agreed to;
and !he House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union (Mr. Jubd in the chair) on the special
order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair-
man, is not the special order the river and
harbor appropriation bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Indian appropria-
tion bill was made the special order imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal. That
would give it precedence over the other.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing, if there is no
objection and it does not cause debate, to take
up the other bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The objection comes
too late.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I objected
when the question was put.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was on my feet to make
objection when I heard it made, or I should
have made it. myself.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair willcoiihider
the objection as having been made in time.
The Committee of the Whole aceomingly
proceeded to the consideration of the bill {II.
R. No. 123) niakingappropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the \<-ar
ending June 30, 1870.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the reading of ihe
amendments of the Senate at length will be by
unanimous consent dispensed with. It will
take an hour to read them through.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments will
be read in their order for action. It is not
required that they should be read first at.
length.
