1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
Mr. DAWES. I now ask the House to con-
sider two of these amendments out of their
order, as the action which will be taken on
those two will dispose of the body of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to the con-
sideration of any amendments out of their
order. Let us proceed in order.
Mr. DAWE.S. Mr. Chairman, I then pro-
pose to submit some remarks upon the amend-
ments as a whole, as the gentleman is not
willing to have the debate confined to those
two which involve the whole matter.
The amendments of the Senate are of great
moment to the country, not alone in the
amount which they involve of expenditure
from the Treasury, which is no inconsiderable
sum, being a little short of S4.000.000, butfar
beyond that in the considerations which they
involve as to our future policy m regard to the
Indian tribes. It is not for to-day or for this
year that we are called upon to act. It is for
years to come—ten, twenty, it maybe thirty
years. Wearecalledupontopay $0,089,610 29
in an Indian appropriation bill. And that is
not all j we are called upon by adopting these
amendments to pass upon a policy in reference
to the future treatment of the tribes of Indians
within the jurisdiction of the United States.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin, one of its
clerks, announced that the Senate had passed
a bill (S. No. 236) to extend the time for the
Little iiock and Fort Smith Railroad Company
to complete the first section of twenty miles
of said road ; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
indian appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed the consideration
of the ainendmentsof the Senate to the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. By the adoption of these
amendments we enter upon a policy in ref-
erence to the tribes of Indians from which it
will then be coo late to depart, however we
may be convinced hereafter that another and
a d.fferent one would be more economical and
equally just in keeping faith toward them and
hastening on that day when they shall be self-
reliant or semi-civilized and merge with the
people of this common country under common
laws. The question is whether the advance of
civ.lization and of the railroads now extend-
ing westward from us and eastward from the
Pacilic slope shall be interfered with, inter-
rupted. and turned aside from their natural
cnannels by force of treaty obligations from
v. inch it will then be too late to depart. There-
tore it is. Mr. Chairman, that I have been
anxious to lmve the ear of the House that 1
may discharge, as the representative of the
Committee on Appropriations, my duty inlay-
ing before the House t he facts upon which they
are asked by the other branch of Congress to
adopt these amendments, and the results aud
effects and consequences involved in that act.
The amendments are in the main m fulfillment
of what are termed treaty obligations with vari-
ous tribes and bands and parties of Indians,
mosil} in the north and northwest, this side of
tin; liocky mountains, containing m the aggre-
gate, so far as the peace commission are able
to give the numbers, about twenty thousand
souls all told. There are seven of these agree-
ments or treaties. They were made by a eoui-
m'uMon thai had its authority from Congress
liM'lf. composed, so far as I know, of high-
minded officers of the Army and honorable
gentlemen from civil life.
1 know of nothing thatinipugns the integrity
of those men or their earnest desire to aeeotn
p.i>11 and adopt those methods that will best
coiuribute to the accomplishment of what is
ihe common desire, the iv-sult sought lor by us
as as by them. 1 have, us the representa-
tive ul the committee, in the examination fthieh
ihe euimmttee has made, no charges to make
tbov men th.it. tin* ti-eanes they pro-
duce here were conceived, so far as they are
concerned, in fraud. I believe, on the contrary,
that so far as they are concerned they believed
them to have been the best possible treaties !
with the Indians that could have been secured
at the time at which they entered into those
obligations.
But I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee first to the time when these treaties, as
they are called, were entered into by this peace
commission. It was in the mtdsi of a war with
the Indian tribes which had been expensive in
the extreme as well as cruel in its results, involv-
ing bloodshed and outrages such as are insepar-
able from all Indian wars. It had been a long j
time unsuccessfully managed on our part, cost- !
ing the Government vast sums of money and j
bidding lair to continue long into the future. !|
like the Florida war, a constant and alarming jj
draft upon the Treasury. They went to their
work with the idea that anything was better than
a continuance of that war—that any arrange
merit with these bands of men was more econom-
ical than the continuance of that war a single
month longer. The leading men on that com-
mission were men who had just come out of our
recent war, where the expenditures of money
were on the largest possible scale, where nothing
was spared that could give efficiency and scope
and range to the arms of the Republic. They
had in fouryears learned the freest possible use
of the money of the country. They had lost
sight of the word " economy/' They had for-
gotten any such thing as an economical scale
in the management of affairs; and therefore,
animated as they were and as they still are with
the conviction that any arrangement was more
economical than a continuance of the war one
hour, and by their habits of life taught to con-
sider that as economical which according to
other scales and other times seems more like
the largest liberality, if not profligacy of ex-
penditure, we could not but expect that any j
arrangement they entered into with these j
| Indians would be characterized uuder these '
I circumstances with provisions for the largest
' expenditures of money, and for the mainte-
nance of establishments for the civilization of
these tribes on a grand and magnificent scale.
Agricultural colleges are to be established
among them, with professors and teachers and
experimental farms, and ali that would do
credit almost to Massachusetts or any other
State, under the donations of public lands by
, the Government; steam saw mills and engi-
! neers, teachers and superintendents of schools
■ are to be provided, to say nothing of clothing
1 and fitting out whole tribes per capita in all
! the comfort of raiment and m the supply of
; the table, so that they may go in and out to
; their schools and their religious worship with
1 everything provided and nothing to care for in
I the way of food and raiment, and able to de-
i vote their time entirely to their spiritual and
| mental improvement and welfare. Without
I imputing to these commissioners anything but
i the best of motives, we find written all over
' these papers, which they call treaties, provis-
! ion:- of this character to such an extent that I
I almost venture to say that the calmest and
; most deliberate of those commissioners must
i now see for themselves that it were better, it
! consistent with the public faith, that we should
• provide Mime other way for reaching the end
: they sought.
I Mr. Chairman, these papers, called treaties,
; were brought before the Senate of the United
! States and there ratified, as it is termed, as
j solemn treaties. And the Senate have now. in
; pursuance of what they claim to be the sol-
| emu obligations of treaty stipulations, imposed
: S4,000,0u0 upon this b:ll in fulfillment of them.
' With entire respect to that body, it ma)' not be
1 improper to invoke at the hands ot this body
, particular and careful attention to these items
1 and these treaties, the more particular^ and
careful attention when we read in the Ciiobe
1 that whatever of ratification these treaties re-
ceived it was at the hands of two or three or
! half a dozen of the nearly seventy members
! who hold places in that body, and that thf> sums
imposed upon this bill were put on one after
another when the count sometimes disclosed
one, the mover of the amendment, voting on
one side and the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations resisting the amendment
and voting on the other side ; the two Senators
present voting, the one on one side and the
other on the other, and the Presiding Officer
giving the casting vote.
Mr. BROOKS. Allow me to interrupt the
gentleman right here. It may be well to call
his attention to the fact that one of the leading
amendments of the Senate, involving an amount
of $400,000 and more, was passed—ayes 2,
noes 2, and the Vice President giving the cast-
ing vote. But what 1 rose particularly for wa3
to call the attention of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to the fact that
in the conference committee we may lose the
whole benefit of this discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
He can state any matter to the House so much
better than I can, although I may have it on
my tongue's end, that I yield to him with pleas-
ure. As the gentleman says, the motion to
add $401,000 to this bill was made in the Sea-
ate, defended by the mover and opposed by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
and passed—ayes 2, noes 2, the Vice Presi-
.dent voting ay, and thus it went into the bill.
Ex uno disoe omnes. From that we can judge
of all.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask the gentleman to
allow the Clerk to read the report in the Globe
of the 3d instant of that portion of the proceed-
ings of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Harlax. I offer another amendment, to
insert after the amendment just adopted the follow-
ing :
"For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to furnish subsistence for Kiowa.s, Co-
manehes, Arapuhoes, Apaches, and confederated
bands at or near I'ort Cobb and &uuth ot tbcf Sutu
of Kansas, for the fiscal year ending Jane 30,1870,
S101.500.
"Mr. Fessexdes. Thatis anice little sum. Isup-
poae that is a deticiency, and the Department think
it necessary.
"Mr. Haklax. This was expended under tno
direction of the peace commission. The Committee
on Indian Affairs examined all the papers m the
case  nd became satisfied that the expenditure was
made.
"Mr. Fessenden. I find that I was mistaken;
this is for tlio future, not tor the l-'asL
" Mr. Harlax. 1 am in error. 'Ihe comiftutee
were satisfied that the expenditure would be neces-
sary ; that these Indians could not be provided tor
unlessthe appropn ttion was made, Tliere areubout
seven thousand ot them.
"The Vice Presidext put the question on jhe
amendment, and declared that the ayes appeared 10
have it.
" Air. Fessesdex. I doubt that. I should like a
: fittle wore explanation of it. I should like to know
! what our obligation is. t
I "Mr. Harlan. This is for the lii.twas wno nivc
. been and are being collected around i'ort Cobb, in
: the Indian territory. They are Comanche?, Arapa-
. hoes, Kiowas, and Attaches.
I "The Vice President. Does the Senator from
I Maine demand another count?
j " Mr. Fesssndex. Yes, sir ; I demand another vote.
I "The Tick Prksipext asam pu the Question, and
i said : Two Senators voted in the affiinntuve and two
I in the negative. The Chair voles in tne .tihrm,tiiv-e.
i He thinks it is carried. Ihe amendment is agreed
! to."
Mr. DAWES. And the tcliowi «r is irvm
; another paper;
"After the morning hour, the Indian appropria-
, tion bill was taken up, wLien Mi. Harlan. iu>ui tho
; Committee on Indian Affair.% leponed tno various
amendments heretofore agreed upon by the ouin-
1 miUee, making large additional appropriations,
' most of which were opposed by Mr. FesSt.ndkn. The
' attendance m the Senate was \ eiy siim during ifao
' whole atternoon, and ^ometitnes there wotUd he im
one but Fessknden and Harlan voting on hnport-
] ant amendments. One amendment, about wincii
Mr. Harlan seemed very anxious, the "V ice Presi-
dent decided to be lost, stating that there wa& one
: vote in the affirmative and two in the negatire.
' Mr. Haklas did not seem exactly satisfied, and said
lie wuutd runew the aiaendmeutatamore auspicious
■ period."
Mr. WILKINSON. I would ask the gen-
' tieman from what be is now reading.
Mr. DAWES. From the Washington cor-
rt>«!>oudence of the New \ork iribuue.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
" to read r fes- lines further from the proceed-
