1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
end of the session, I have no doubt, that, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
declined to accede to the proposition of the
gentleman from Kansas. However fair it may
be—and I really did not fuily understand it
ftom hearing it read—but I am satisfied it
would only complicate the present difficulty
and render the defeat of the bill more cer-
tain.
I wish to say here that I did not refer this
afternoon to the slfmness of the Senate and
the small number of votes cast on either side
when this bill was being considered with any
view of reflecting upon the Senate. I know
that this House sometimes with less than a
quorum considers very important matters. But
1 did it for the. purpose of letting the House
understand that these matters were not con-
sidered by the Senate with any care when the
biil was laid before it, and hence we ought to
have time and opportunity to consider them
ourselves.
I agree with gentlemen upon the other side
of the House, and especially with the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,] that
this House has a right to be consulted about
all treaties under which appropriations may
have to be made, and that all persons treating
with this Government ought to treat with it
with the knowledge that although the Presi-
dent may negotiate and the Senate ratify the
treaty, yet when an appropriation has to be
made to carry it into effect the House has the
right to grant or refuse it. and that this House ]
never ought, to surrender that right. But while
I do not believe that these Indian treaties ought
to be maintained if it can possibly be avoided,
yet we cannot now ignore them. The Senate
will not ignore them. They have said so. We
struck them out of the bill and the Senate put
them all back. We know they will not recede
from them at present, though they will doubt-
less agree with us in postponing their consid-
eration till the next session. There is a good
deal to be said about the character of these
treaties which will be the subject of future dis-
cussion. They were not made by the President
and the Senate without consulting this House.
They were made under an act of Congress
which provided—
" That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authoiizedto appoint a commission, to
consist of three officers of the Army not below the
rank of brigadier general, who together with G.
Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs; JohnB.
Henderson, chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs ot the Senate; S. F. Tappan, and John B.
S.inbiun. shall t ave power and authority to call
together the chiefs and head men of such bands or
tiibes of Indians as are now waging war agiinst the
United States or committing depredations upon the
people thereof, to ascertain the aliened reasons for
their acts or' hostility, and in taeir d'^oretion, under
the direction of the President, to make andennelude
with said bands or tribes such treaty stipulations,
subject to the action ot the Senate, as may removeall
ju*l causes of complaint on their part, and at the
same time establish security for person and property
along the lines of railroad now being constructed to
the Pacific an I other thoroughfares of travel to the
wes'ern Territories, and such as will most likely
injure civilization tor the Indians and peace and
saiety tor the whites."
So that by a law passed, of course by both
Houses, we invested the President with the
power to semi out a commission to make these
treaties, subject to ratification by the Senate.
This House agreed in the first instance in giv-
ing this authority. Whatever foreign nations
may say, whatever foreign Powers may under-
stand about the power of the Senate to make
a treaty which will bind Congress in the ex-
penditure of money, these Indians believed,
and t he v had a rightto believe—looking to that
act of Congress and the treaties made by this
commi.-sion, composed of such men as General
'leirv. General liarnev, Mr. Tavlpr, Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs; General Sanford, Mr,
Tappan, Mr. Henderson, and others—the In-
dians, I say, had a right to expect that they
would get what was promised them by these
treaties. When they come within the terms
of the treaties, when they agree to give up
tboil hunting grounds and to go upon reserva-
tion^. they do not understand, and you cannot
explain to them so that they oan be made to
understand, that we have a right to withhold
from them what was promised them.
Now, whiletheCommittee on Appropriations
do not desire now to carry out these treaties,
believing many of them to be wrong, we did
believe, and I now believe that it woald be
unjust to these Indians to withhold from them
a sum sufficient to enable them to be supported
through the summer and until we can meet in
December and adopt some policy in regard to
them.
I would under almost any other circum-
stances oppose the adoption of the policy of
putting $2,000,000 into the hands of the Presi-
dent, or any other person, to be spent for that
purpose without definite instructions as to the
disposition .to be made of it. But we must
either indorse these treaties, which will cost
us forty or fifty millions to carry them through,
or we must made no appropriations at all for
these Indians under them and have an Indian
war, or do what we propose. And what will
be the effect of refusing to do anything? Does
not every man in this House know that if
we fail to make any appropriation of money
whereby these Indians can be supported
through the summer we will have an Indian
war? Ought we not to expect it? Have not
the Indians the right to say that we have de-
frauded them and deprived them of the means
of living which they had upon the plains, and
put them upon reservations without means of
support except by resort to occupations to
which they are wholly unused, without the
promised means to enable them to pursue
peaceful avocations?
Now, of the three evils—first, to confirm
these treaties by full appropriations to carry
them out, which lam unwilling to do ; second,
to have an Indian war to follow the failure on
our part to make appropriations, or the prop-
osition of the Committee on Appropriations.
I greatly prefer, much as I legiet the neces-
sity of it, to put this S2.000,000 in the hands
of the President of the United States to enable
him, in his discretion, to make such provision
for these Indians during the coming summer
as will bridge over the recess of Congress, and
enable us when we meet again, with ample
time before us, to carefully consider this ques-
tion, to prepare some kind of policy which
shall be just and considerate to the Indians
and honorable to ourselves. These are the
reasons which induce me to vote for the prop-
i osition of the Committee on Appropriations.^
i These treaties, gentlemen say, were made in
| the interest of speculators and to defraud the
Government. But the high character of those
who acted on the part of the United States j
would seem to preclude any idea of that sort. !
I do not believe that General Terry or General ,
Harney or the others who cooperated with them 1
had any other object in view than to promote
the best interests of the country and to prevent
an Indiau war. I remember when the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck,] upon this
floor last summer, told us that of the large
increase of expenditures from July, 1867, to
July, 1SGS, on the part of the Army, some
thirty million dollars was because of the Indian
!1 war which we had to carry on. And we would,
|! of course, have another increase of from thirty
•' to fifty million dollars independent of the dis-
: satisfaction that would be created in the minds
of even the peaceable Indians, if another war j
was caused by our failure to make appropria- '
tions at this time.
There are now three hundred and fifty thou-
sand Indians in the United Stales. One hundred
thousand of them are now making their living
by the sweat of their brows, by their own labor.
As Senator Haklax stated in the Senate the
other day, it is not, a hopeless case to endeavor
to get ihem upon reservations where they c-ould
labor for themselves. My idea is that we must
adopt that policy and stop these roving bands
upon the plains or we will never have peace
with them. No country could ever get along
with any set of men, far less Indians, by treat-
ing them as independent clans or tribes, and as
independent Ua,nds of people within its own
borders, and subject only to their own
or leaders. All history proves it. I suppose
the fact is familiar to every man here that in
the highlands of Scotland, so long as the clans
were allowed to maintain their relations of
clanship, there was constant war. The wars
of 1715 and 1745—the rebellious as they were
called—grew out of the fact that there were
clans there looking to their chiefs, regarding
their chieftains as their leaders, and ready tojoiu
in a common cause and make war whenever a
popular man arose among them to lead them.
After the rebellion of 1745 the English Gov-
ernment saw that the only way to get along in
that country was to abolish all those clans, to
change their customs, to make them become
citizens of the country ; and from that time on
. they were a law-abiding people.
So the very moment the Government of the
United States shall adopt some policy whereby
the Indians shall be induced to cease their
roving habits, to engage in agriculture, to sup-
port themselves by their own labor, to dissolve
their tribal relations, that very moment the
Indian wars will cease.
I have no doubt that if this appropriation of
$2,000,000 shall be intrusted to the hands of
the President of the United States, whether
those Philadelphia gentlemen be employed for
its disbursement or not—and I hardly think it
would be good policy to employ them—every
dollar will be expended honestly and faithfully
in endeavoring to convert those Indians from
their predatory habits and settle them in peace-
ful pursuits. After an experience of seven or
eight months in the pursuit of this policy the
President can, on the first Monday of Decern-
! ber next, as he is required by the proposed
amendments to do, report to us the result of the
experiment. We can thus have the benefit of
an experiment honestly and earnestly made
for reforming our management of the Indians,
j The President can have no possible motive or
1 inducement to do anything to promote strife.
Just the reverse, every motive operating on
him, humanity, economy, peace, and the pros-
perity of the country will continue to call forth
his best endeavors to accomplish the purposes
we all desire.
There is not a soldier in the United States
Army who desires an Indian war. My judg-
ment is that if the troops were placed upon
the reservations with the Indians, all being to-
gether, there would be no war by or among the
inhabitants of these reservations. The Indian
does not dislike the soldier. They regard hitn
! as a warrior. They, too, are warriors : and
j any promise made to him they keep. It is the
I frontiersmen, the Indian agents, the men out-
! side, who stir up those tribes to war. and who
are regarded by them as their enemies and
oppressors.
i President Grant will, I have no doubt, put
i this money into the hands ol men in whom he
has confidence, most probably men connected
with the Army of the United States, who will
see to its faithful expenditure. Ihey will break
up. 1 doubt not, in great part, the system of
stealing now carried on all over the Indian
country. Under our present system when an
Indian agent, subject to no military control,
is detected in stealing the money belonging to
the Indians six months or more must 'elapse
| before he can be put oil trial, and probably by
t that time he has made his escape. The money
j is spent and the mischief done. When, how-
| ever, a military man does anything wrong the
• attention of his superior officer is at once
1 called to it; he is arrested, tried by eourt-
. martial, and if guilty convicted in less thar, a
' week after the commission of the offense. He
.. forfeits his rank in the Army and is dishonored
•' for life.
' Sir, the soldier feels that there is no honor
in tin Indiau war. He knows that the civilized
world will say to him, " hat I do you claim.
' auv credit for whipping a few Indians, a few
i halt naked savages?'' Hence the military men
•' do not seek to become involved in difficulties
i| with the Indians; for such stiife can bring
  them neither reputation nor anything else.
