566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
If we should now refuse to raake appropri-
ations for these Indians and leave them totally
unprovided tor the war with them this coming
summer would cost us twenty times as much as
it is now proposed to intrust to the President
for the benefit of these Indians. If we should
withhold this money we should be doing injus-
tice both to the Indians and to ourselves. They
believe they have a right to this money.
By act of Congress we authorized treaties,
and they were made. They were ratified by
the Senate. After the Senate has accepted the
terms, then to withhold everything from them
I (say is not only unjust to them, but unjust and
dishonorable to us. The only way I know of
to bridge over it is in the way proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations, until we can
deliberately examiue the question.
As I have said, Mr. Chairman, I do not
intend to raake a speech on this subject. 1
have said nearly all I desire to say. I agree
to it as a matter of necessity and as a choice of
evils, knowing that we ourselves can rectify
whatever there is wrong in the whole matter
in December next. We can then take up such
a line of policy as may be determined upon
by us to carry it out. I will say. however, that
there are some amendments introduced by the
Senate which our committee non-concuried in,
bat which I think this committee ought to con-
cur in ; that is, without agreeing to the valid-
ity ot the'treaties, without recognizing them
as having beeu done under treaty, but as hav-
ing been done by the generals of the Army as
the best tiling that eould be done under the
circumstances.
Take the case, for instance, of General Har-
ney. He was allowed $'200,000, but expended
say $400,000 more; but he shows in that re-
port, winch I hope every gentleman in the
House will obtain and read—i refer to Senate
Document No. 11, for the third session of the
Fortieth Congress—that he has gathered to-
gether of the bauds of Sioux Indians twenty-
eight thousand souls; not all of them upon
one reservation, but six thousand on one and
four thousand five hundred on another. He
has allowed some of them to hunt along in the
winter, because they could make a living by it
and he did rot have means to keep them all.
In his report he makes this statement, which
I indorse and believe :
"Our past experience has dearly taught us that
wiieu peioecuteii and oppressed they are capable of
becoming a toe not lo be despised. Where one dollar
has been spent for then support and civilization thou-
sands have been expended in warring against tliein,
ana vvheio have we gamed any great victories? As
relentless as death in their hatred and thirst for
revenge, kindness secures their confidence. This
once acquired, they can be controlled as easily as
children. I am quite confident that the pacific plan
wuich has oeen adapted by theGovernmentthrough
its commissioners is wise, humane, and perfectly
practical, and will, if lully supported by Congress,
eiteclually settle our difficulties with the Sioux bands
ot imliaus tor all time to come,
• raiilicdtion ot the treaty with the Sioux and
itsiaithiul observance by the Government will beouie
lasting peace between these people and our own, and
save miiJions ot dollars to the Treasury of the nation
besides tiiou&ands ot lives; while a failure to ratily
this treaty will renew hostilities which can oniy be
terminated by the utcer extermination ot these tribes
or human bemgs."
1 have not the time to give all the reasons
which he advances, but he goes oti and gives
m detail all the reasons why the policy which
he proposes should be adopted by the Govern-
ment toward those people. The money he has
spent m that la-udable way has been provided
lor by the Senate in this bill, and I think it
ought to be concurred in by this House.
So I think there are other amendments sent
to us by the Senate which ought to be con-
curred in by this House. I believe that the
amendments of the Senate providing for the
Indians in Oregon and Washington, with whom
there are no treaties, ought to be concurred in.
It is the duty of the United States to see that
they are supported. AH amendments of that
sort looking to tile civilization of the Indians
we ought to indorse and concur in. lu other
words, we oti^ht to do what justice iequ'res us
to do in otder to carry out our obligations, so
as to avoid an Indian war. We can wait until
the two Houses come together again to de-
termine on what other policy shall be pursued
by us. Ignore treaties if you will, but treat
these Indians kindly. Let us give them some
equivalent for the lands which we have made
them give up. Whether under any of the
plans proposed these Indians can be brought
to something like civilization I know not: but
whether it can be done or not this Congress
will do its duty by making the experiment. It
will not unless it makes some effort in that
direction. It is because it is the only thing
which we could do that I am willing to give
this power to the President to try the experi-
ment, leaving ourselves free hereafter to adopt
whatever policy we may choose after learning,
as we will when we come together in Decem-
ber, what has been accomplished in the mean
time.
The committee rose informally for the pur-
pose of receiving a
.message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamux,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had concurred in the resolution of the
House suspending the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules of the two Houses for the
remainder of the first session of the Forty-First
Congress.
indian appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have
listened with great interest to this debate.
Although this bill is not one that has attracted
the attention of the House and country as much
as many other measures, yet there is a princi-
ple underlying it which I regard as of vital
importance to the whole country. I would not
at this late period of the session, when there
are so many measures pressing upon our atten-
tion, consume one moment of the time of the
committee if itwere not that I believe that the
principle involved in the bill is of such vast
importance that we ought not to pass it silently
or hastily.
In order that we may clearly understand the
questions which are now before the committee
1 will state very briefly what has been done. A
few days since this House passed a bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1870.
llial. bill as it passed the House appropriated
about two-million five hundred thousand dol-
lars for the purposes indicated in the title. It
went to the Senate, and that body made addi-
tional appropriations, amounting to some three
million five hundred thousand dollars, the main
purpose of which was to carry out treaty stipu-
lations entered into with various Indian tribes
in the years 1807 and 1808. The bill came
back to the House, and it is now before us, and
the immediate proposition before the commit-
tee is whether we shall agree to the amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations,
in these words:
4-™™Lthcre be appropriated the further sum of
v>-,wJ.UUO, or so much thereot as mny be necessary, to
enable the President to maintain the peace among
and with the various tribes, bands, and parties of
Indians not otherwise provided for in this act, and
to promote civilization among said Indians, bring
them where practicable upon reservations, relieve
their necessities, and encourage their efforts at self-
support; a report of all expenditures under this
appropriation to be made in detail to Congress in
December next.
This amendment is offered with a view of
rejecting all the amendments put in by the
Senate for the purpose of carrying out treaty
stipulations to which I have already referred.
The issue made between the House and Sen- I
ate, then, is simply this : are we bound in good i
laith to carry out the treaty stipulations, or '
may we entirely disregard them? And if we i
Q0 the latter, ought we to make the aporopria- !'
tion for the purpose and in the manner indi-
cated m the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations'! j;
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not expect to de- ''
|| feat this amendment nor the bill; but I feel
;i it my solemn duty to raise my voice in oppo-
i| sition to both, more for the purpose of vindi-
|| eating a principle than with the expectation
|i that anything I can say at this late hour of the
jl session will defeat either the amendment or the
(! bill. I think it is pretty well understood on
all sides ot the House—there seems to be a
wonderful unanimity of sentiment on this sub-
ject—that the Senate of the United States, the
treaty-making power, cannot enter into a treaty
with the Indian tribes which can make it the
duty of the House to appropriate money to
carry out its provisions. I was glad to hear
the emphatic expression of opinion by the able
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
on this subject, no lessthau that other equally
emphatic declaration made by him that the
treaty-making power was not competent to
dispose of the public lands of the United
States, either by treaties with Indian tribes or
in any other form.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a word as to the amend-
ments made to this bill by the Senate. If we
are bound to carry out the treaty stipulations
made in 1867 and 1868 with the Indian tribes,
then we ought at once to agree to the Senate
amendments, and ought not to insist upon the
amendments reported by our committee. But
are we so bound ? I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] has sufficiently
shown in the very able argument he made to-
day, in which he presented many new and val-
uable thoughts, that no one of these treaties
or any similar treaty binds this House to vote
an appropriation of money.
I will suggest an additional argument to that
submitted by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. It seems to be conceded on all sides of
the House that the treaty-making power, inde-
pendently of an act of Congress, is not com-
petent to bind this House to make an appro-
priation of money. But it is alleged that the
appropriations made by the Senate amen d men ts
to this bill stand on a different footing fiom
those made to carry out ordinary treaties.
rl here is an act of Congress which it is claimed
authorizes the treaties that have been entered
into and binds us to make the appropriations
insisted on by the Senate. I refer, of course,
to the act of July 20, 1867, entitled "An act
to establish peace with certain hostile Indian
tribes." The authority exercised under this
act does not rest on the treaty-making power,
but solely on the legislative. The so called
treaties could be at most only contracts, but
they do not even rise to the dignity of con-
tracts. ^ The law only authorized arrangements
expressive of the legislative will, subject to
legislative control, and in no sense obligatory
on any future Congress. The legislative power
could not thusbesurrendered or bartered away.
If gentlemen will examine this act it will be
seen that there is not one word in it which
authorizes treaties requiring appropriations by
Congress. On the contrary, in section three
of the act it is expressly provided—
Ibat the followingsums of money are hereby Ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to wit: to carry out 111"' pro-
visions of the preceding sections of this act. Sly) GO >■
to enable the Secretary of the Interior to subsist su.-ii
Iriendly Indians as may have separated ormav here-
alter separate themselves from aostile band- or
$ri00e000 " th° protection uf the United State-.
Now, here is an express limitation upon the
powers of the commissioners authorized by
that act as to the amount of money which
might be expended by virtue of the treaties
which they should make. As well might an
agent appointed for a particular purpose, and
whose power is limited as to the amount of
liability he shall incur, claim that he oouNl
bind his principal for an indefinite sum sis tor
this commission by virtue of that act to claim
that the treaties they have made can now bind
this House to appropriate the amount of money
provided for in the treaties. Sir, there is noth-
ing in the act which sanctions iorone moment
arty one of these treaties to the extent ihut they
have gone.
1 will not stop now to argue the question
