568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
is a provision which dictates to the House a
mode of escaping responsibility and duty by
casting it on the President., and ilius it attempts
iO perform the duty of the India', Committee
;n die management, of that, subject. In dis-
cussing ;ue duties of Congress in relation to
the Indians I only follow in the path marked
out by the amendment, we afe now consider-
ing on this subject. The management of our
Indian affairs is necessarily brought up by
the amendment as it conies to us from the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. Chairman, I think some good will come
out of all this discussion. If we can wake up
the House so that something may be done with
our Indian affairs, if we can wake up the House
to the necessity of resisting the encroachments
of the-treaty-making power, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts [air. Butler] has so ably
done to-day, we will accomplish a great good
for our country. The gentleman from Kansas
[Mr. Clarke] has very properly called our
attention to a treaty now pending before the
Senate t.o show the inexpediency of consenting
to carry out the provisions of unauthorized
treaties. I may say that my attention has
been called to that treaty. Its essential pro-
visions are published in the New York Herald
of February 22.
Mr. DAWES. If my friend will excuse me,
I will call him to order. We must direct our
attention to this bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This appropriation may
be employed to carry out this treaty, for aught
we know, if it should be ratified. And the
amendment now before the House involves the
whole treaty system, and the question of carry-
ing out these stipulations.
Mr. DAWES, if my friend can show that,
I will not oppose his proceeding.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Here is a treaty which
the gentleman from Kansas properly has told
us, if adopted, will take from the Treasury
from twelve to thirteen million dollars.
Mr. DiCKEY. What for?
Mr. LAWRENCE. If the gentleman will
read its provisions in the New York Herald
he will learn. It has been before the country
for some time. It is the Cherokee treaty, so
called.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman can tell me
quicker than i can read it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I can say to the gen-
tleman another tiling. Gentlemen of the lobby
are here. I
Mr. DICKEY. What for? [Laughter.] !
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman can have !
an opportunity to find out. perhaps. Members j
of the lobby are here. They have been exert-
ing their influence to-day in this Capitol with
promises of money to carry this treaty through,
aud I deem it a duty to call attention to the
fact.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I think it is
due to the House when the gentleman from
Ohio states that money has been offered to
carry a pending measure through the House
for him to name the parties and the measure.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I did not say money was
offered to members of the House. I did not
say money was offered to members of either
branch of Congress. What I did say was that
the lobby was at woik to carry this measure
th rough, and they are ready to employ money
in aid of the object. I mean of course that
they are ready to employ money to secure the
aid and influence of agents engaged in advocat-
ing the scheme. The treaty I refer to is the
Cherol cee treaty now before the Senate. Its
provisions are in the highest degree objection- j
able, and for one I will employ every just means |
in my power to defeat it, to resist its ratifica- :
tion, and to prevent it from being carried into !
execution ifnuified. }
Mr. DICKEY. What has all that to do with !|
the J ridian appropriation bill and the amend-
nient of the gpntli-mn i from Massachusetts'? ;i
Mr. LAU liEXCE. I will answer what it :
has to do with that bill and the amendment.. ■
1'lns amendment offered by the committee is '■
in a shape iu winch, if adopted, the money
appropriated by it may be employed to carry
out treaties with the Indian tribes. 1 insist that
whatever money may be appropriated for the j
Indians shall be S) appropriated that, it shall
not, give effect to any Indian treaty whatever.
Mr. WILKINSON. Willthe gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. LA WHENCE. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question. If a treaty were
made with the Indian tribes or any of them in
pursuance of a law of Congress, the persons
being designated by Congress to make that
treaty, and if it were fair in its terms, I ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether it. would be right
and proper to carry it into full effect?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I agree if a treaty were
made in pursuance of a law of Congress we
ought to carry it into effect, whether its terms
were fair or not. It cannot be a treaty, how-
ever, but could only amount to a contract.
But the difficulty is that there is no treaty now
which has been made in pursuance of any law
of Congress.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask the gentleman
if there was not a law passed by Congress ap-
pointing a commission, consisting of Generals
Sherman, Harney, and Sanborn, and some
other gentlemen, together with the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, to proceed to the
Indian country and enter into negotiations
with the Indians; and if, in pursuance of that
authority, they did not enter into treaty stip-
ulations under and by virtue of that law of
Congress?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The law to which the
gentleman refers is one that I have already
referred to. It is the act approved July 20,
1867. I have already shown that the third
section of that act expressly limits the power
of the commissioners, so that they could not
bind the Government to appropriate money
b -yond ihe sum named in thet section. Their
powers were expressly limited, so that notreaty
[ has been made in pursuance of that law which
binds Congress to appropriate any money at all.
I will say further that the whole subject of
the management of our Indians should be con-
trolled by law and not by treaty. The very
fact that such an ac^was passed shows that the
whole subject belongs to the law-making power
or that Congress believed it belonged to them,
and that it is no part of the treaty-making
power to make contracts with the Indian tribes.
If such treaties can bind the House to make
appropriations, then there would be no neces-
sity for any such law as that. But if we should
adopt the same good management of our In-
dians that is adopted by Great Britain in Brit-
ish North America, where they make no treaties
with their Indian tribes, then we would at
once define our policy. That is precisely what
I hold we should do.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have given my views
as to what we ought to do, and yet I am per-
fectly well aware that in the few days that are
left of the present session it will not be prac-
ticable to mature any Indian policy. All we
can do, in my judgment, is to make such ap-
propriations as will bridge over the space of
time between this and December next or such
time beyond December as will enable us to
settle some policy. I object to this bill, be-
cause it undertakes to make appropriations for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1870, and it
runs further on than 1 am willing to go.
Mr. DICKEY. Does any portion of this
bill, except with reference to the old treaties,
run further than the 1st of December next?
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is a bill, having a
title as follows:
" Jinking appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses ot the Indian department, and tor
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30,1870."
Mr. DICKEY. That is no part of the law.
Mr. LAURENCE. lint it indicates the !
purpose of the law, arid all the appropriations .
are made in view or'tlm title, at,d fop the fiscal
year endmtf June 30. 1870.
ilr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from >
Ohio know anything of the origin of the bill—
how it came here at all?
Mr. LAWRENCE. I believe I do.
Mr. DAWES. Suppose you state it to the
House.
Mr. LAWRENCE. This bill as it passed
this House is substantially the same bill that
passed at the close 6i the Fortieth Congress.
Mr.DAWES. Does not the gentleman know
it is the regular appropriation bill of the For-
tieth Congress which failed to become a law
by division between the two Houses, and we
are now trying to do what the Fortieth Con-
gress failed to do, and make provision that it
was the duty of the Fortieth Congress to make?
Mr. LAWRENCE. And does not the gen-
tleman know that it makes appropriations for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1870?
Mr. DAWES. Doesnotthegentlemanknow
that it belonged to the Fortieth Congress to
make those appropriations?
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly, the Fortieth
Congress should have disposed of this subject.
But that does not relieve us of the duty of
doing what we do in the right form.
Mr. DAWES. Then what is the trouble?
Mr. LAWRENCE. The trouble is these
appropriations run beyond the time when we
ought to determine and fix a definite mode of
managing the Indian tribes. We ought not to
run them beyond the nearest practicable time
when we could determine that mode.
Mr. DAWES. Then we are in a fair way
to overtake it.
Mr. LAWRENCE, Yes, if we pass this bill
and adjourn. Now, I have said all I designed
to say, more than I would have said if 1 had
not been interrupted as much as I have been.
I do not complain of the interruptions, however,
for I take it the object of all of it is to ascer-
tain what our duties are in relation to this bill.
In saying what I have said I find no fault with
those who differ from me, for I believe that
these discussions are bringing about a healthier
and belter public sentiment, aud a better senti-
ment in Congress in relation to the powers of
the two Houses of Congress in reference to
Indian treaties, and if we have accomplished
anything in that direction by the discussion it
has all been very well.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the general
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Ihe committee accordingly rose: and Mr.
Scofield having taken the chair as Speaker/i/'o
tempore, Mr. Jt'DD reported that the C ominit-
tee of the \Vhole on the state of the Uirion
had, according to order, had under considera-
tion the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 123, making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tiibesfor the year
ending 30th June, 1870, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES moved that all general debate
on the amendments of the Senate to the In-
dian appropriation bill in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be closed m
five minutes after the committee should resume
the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES then moved that the rules le
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the_ Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the amendmentsof the Senate
to the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself in'o
the Committee of the \\ hole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Jt.ni> in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 128 i making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
t:xPt"sfis °® 'ndian department am! for
ful lilting treaty stipuia! ions wn h \ a nous I ndiati
tiibi'S for the \ear t-nuing June ;;o. !>7o
Mr. Li XGH A M. Mr. Chairman, it is my
purjx'.-t', if 1 understand tlie proposed amend-
ments of tlje Committee on Appropriations to
