1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5C9
the amendments of the Senate, to concur in
them and support them. I desire, however,
to suggest to the chairman that I think it would
he weil to amend the amendment proposed to
the one hundred and fifty-second amendment
of the Senate by striking out the words of lim-
itation which it contains, " not otherwise pro-
vided for in this act." I understand thechair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
say, and I quite agree with him in his construc-
tion of the proposed amendment, that this fund
of $2,000,000 is to be expended under the
direction and at the discretion of the President
of the United States, but I submit that unless
those words of limitation are stricken out there
are many tribes and bands of Indians "other-
wise provided for," but not sufficiently pro-
vided for in the preceding sections of the bill,
whom he would not be permitted in any man-
ner to interfere with by reason of those words
of limitation. I agree also with his colleague
from the Essex district [Mr. Butler] that the
fund might as well be increased §500,000.
We ought to impress these tribes of Indians,
whatever change we may make in our practi-
cal dealings with them, that we intend to deal
with tbem in good faith; that we intend to
treat them as friends, not enemies ; that we
intend to make such provision as will enable
the Executive of the United States, aided by
the common treasure of the common people
of this country, to aid these savage tribes to
eome out of savage life to civilization, and to
become a part and parcel of the common body 'I
of the people. |i
Mr. Chairman, having made these sugges- ;
tions, I desire further to say, by leave of the
committee, that I do not wish to be concluded |
in any vote that I may give in support of the ;
proposed amendments by the general remarks ;
that have been made in the progress of this ;
debate touching the supposed power of this ,
House over the general treaty-making power !
ot this nation. It is a great question. Many ]
thoughts were uttered by the gentleman from i
Massachusetts on this subject that are worthy j
the profouudest consideration, but for myself, 1
I have never been able to agree in the general \
remark made here that a treaty duly negotiated
stands in the Constitution the express grant
of power, that Congress shall have power to
regulate commerce with the Indian tribes as
separate, distinct communities of men; as
separate and distinct in their organization,
under your Constitution, as are the several j
States of this Union. j
I have no fault to find with all that is sug- j
gested in this amendment of the Committee on j
Appropriations. It stands well with the spirit j
of the former legislation of this country. It is j
legislation distinctively for the support, for the j
upholding, for the education and civilization i
of the several tribes and bands of Indians within !
the general jurisdiction of this country. It is, I
I suppose, all that is attainable now. And, j
looking upon it in this light, I feel disposed to 1
give it my hearty support. When the time !
comes, however, I shall cheerfully consider
the suggestion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Bctler] to increase the appro-
priation hereby made to $2,500,000. And I
trust the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Dawes] will either
change the language I have read, so that it will
not operate as a limitation to the exclusion of
the various tribes and bands of Indians pro-
vided for in the other sections of this bill, or
consent that it may be stricken out.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate upon this bill is closed.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] that the
object of the limitation to which he refers was
to confine the appropriation of this 82,000,000
to such of the Indian tribes and bands as are
not provided for in the old treaties. The
original bill, which carries some two million
dollars over to the other House of Congress,
was in fulfillment of old treaty stipulations of
longstanding. The object of this limitation was
to confine these 82,000,000 to the bands and
tribes not otherwise provided for ; that is, the
; Indians not provided for in those old treaties.
I have no objection to inserting the word "suffi-
i ciently" before the words ''provided for;" so
' that if it should turn out that in the'judgment
of the President, to whose discretion the ex-
by the President of the United States, and j! penditure of this appropriation is to be left,
duly ratified by the Senate of the United States --- 1 — —L~ —
in the mode prescribed by the Constitution is
not from that moment forward the supreme
law of this land, and as binding upon every
member of the House of Representatives as it
is upon every citizen of the Republic.
Much, 1 know, has been said upon this sub-
ject. But I know quite as well—and there-
tore 1 enter my protest against being concluded
by this general discussion, which 1 think has
rightfully no place in the consideration of the
bill us it now stands before us—1 know quite
as well that from the day the Jay treaty was
negotiated to this hour, by the common con-
sent of Congress at every session, the treaty-
making power has been recognized. That is
one reason why I feel constrained to enter my
protest.
Touching these Indian tribes. I beg leave to
remind gentlemen who have discoursed upon
this subject thai by the very text ot the Con-
stitution, as it caine to us from the hands of
its framers, the Indian tribes were treated as
separate communities. The Oommiiteeof the
Whole will recollect the provision in the Con-
stitution, under the general grant of legislative
power, which is in these words:
"The Congress shall have power to regulate com-
merce with toragn nations and among the several
ami with the Indian tribes."
there are Indians who are not sufficiently
provided for in those old treaties he can use
some of this money for their benefit. I will
therefore move to amend the amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations by inserting
the word " sufficiently " before the words "pro-
vided for."
Mr. KERR. I would like to ask a question
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations. [Mr. Dawes ] I would like to have
his opinion as to the legal effect and meaning
of this amendment in this particular. Is it
designed to make a precedent of any use the
President may make of this proposed appro-
priation of 32,000,000, to include the new trea-
ties which it is proposed that this House shall
refuse specially to execute?
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations do not understand that, to be the effect
of the proposed amendment. They are of
opinion that it is possible, when the President
comes to deal with these Indians out on the
plains, that he will find it necessary with regard
to some of them very likely to do precisely
what is proposed by the new treaties. But his
doing so would have no such effect as giving :
a sanction to those treaties ; it would leave the
treaties next, winter precisely as they are now.
The understanding of the committee, result-
ing from their conferences, is that the President
will doubtless trv the experiment through the
I make this suggestion to show that they are .
exceptional in your legislation : that they are \ agency of these philanthropic gentlemen who
not to be treated exactly a< though they were are desirous to see whether they cannot civilize
disoiganixed bodies of nun—in (he words of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Bt'T-
1 t.it. j and of other gentlemen who have par-
ticipated in this debate—simply citizens of this
Republic, not, ort'.mi/ed. but scattered about
in bands and it ibes ovei' \ our ten itories, not
to be specially legislated for or over. Theie
and Christianize these Indians. Everybody has
faith in the honesty of purpose of these gen-
tlemen. The President has gieat faith that
they will be successful. If we adopt, the ori-
ginal pian of the Senate, the President will be
bound to appoint ten of these gentlemen and
keep them at this work. Under the provision
we propose he can appoint any nnmber he may
choose, and will be himself responsible for their
action. If their undertaking should prove a fail-
ure lie can resort to other measures. But under
the Senate amendment the responsibility is
taken from him by the law-making power and
is placed upon these men jointly with the
Indian department. Hence nobody would be
responsible.
Mr. KERR. I would like to make another
inquiry, if the gentleman will allow me to do
do. Are we not ill danger of incurring this
result: that the President may expend this
appropriation of §2,000,000 in what will prac-
tically be the execution of these treaties, while
in any future controversy about the execution
of those treaties the country would not receive
one farthing of benefit from alt this expend-
iture ?
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt, Mr. Chair-
mat], that if we adopt this amendment we put
it within the power of the President to expend
this money just as he pleases, subject to the
limitations specified. We do trust him. There
is, it seems to me, no alternative in the pres-
ent stage of the case but to repose this confi-
dence in somebody. I do not want to repose
it in anybody but the head. Let the President
employ such agents as he pleases and report
the results to Congress. Let him alone be re-
sponsible to Congress for the manner in whieb.
this undertaking is carried out.
Mr. WILKINSON. I would like to put a
question to the chairman of the Committee oa
Appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendment and the amendment to
the amendment.
The question being taken on Mr. Dawes's
amendment to the amendment, to insert "suf-
ficiently" before ''provided," the amendment
was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the amount of the
appropriation $2,500,000. I think the sum
named in the amendment is not sufficient.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to put a ques-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. It seems that, these appro-
priations which the committee propose to strike
out are designed, many of them, to carry out
treaties made by General Sherman and other
eminent gentlemen appointed for the purpose
under special law of Congress. Now, I would
like the gentleman to explain the propriety or
advantage of ignoring all that General Sher-
man and his associates did in this matter alter
' they had looked over the whole ground in per-
' son. Why should the Committee on Appro-
■ priations propose to place $2.000,Oik) m the
i hands of the President to be expended tor the
, benefit of these Indians when he has never
I; been called upon to investigate their condition ?
1 I trust that some of the gentlemen who have
j been denouncing the Indian treaties made by
j General Sherman and his associates will give
| us some reason why those treaties should be
| ignored and disregarded by Congress, when
j the measure under which they were made was
j a law passed by Congress, in virtue of which
I those eminent men were authorized to treat
; with the Indians. Why should those treaties
i be wholly disregarded and the President of
: the United States have placed m his hands
' §2.000.000 to be expended as he may please,
without any restraints of law? I would like to
hear some gentleman give some good reason
1 for such a proceeding.
■ Mr. DAWES. I Will say that, the commit-
tee are not specially opposed to this amend-
ment if it meets with the approbation of the
House. They were in favor of making the
' appropriation as small as they could to meet
the ca>e. I do not object to this addition ot
S-'W.OUO if the Iloase think it is right, but my
on II idea is that $2,000,000 are sufficient. If
the House should differ with me in this opinion
, I shall not complain.
