570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Further amendment is
not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment in order that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts may renew it.
Mr. BUTLEK, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, whenever I give my confi-
dence I never give it by halves. I either hold
a man at arm's length or else I give him fair
play. I am afraid this $2,000,000 will not be
enough. It will be enough if the experiment
does not succeed and the Indians do not come
in. If the experiment, however, which we put
in the hands of the President for trial does suc-
ceed it will not be enough. If it succeeds,
a large number of Indians will come in whom
he will have to take care of. If you will
observe, the cost last year of only five or six
thousand Indians or eight thousand Indians,
who were taken charge of and fed, was almost
fifteen thousand dollars. We hope to get
twenty thousand Sioux Indians alone if the
experiment shall succeed. True, it is hoped
that this is to be administered a good deal
cheaper for the future than it was last, year. If
the experiment succeeds, and the Indians come
in, we will not have enough. We will not spend
any more money under this provision than is
necessary. If we give it to the President he
will not spend any more money than is neces-
sary. It is wise, however, to make the appro-
priationin case it may be necessary. If it should
be necessary, and the President does not have
the money, he will have to go on without law
as General Harney did. He will have to spend
the money without law or we may have another
Indian war. which it is now our effort to avoid.
I hope the House will agree to give $500,000
more, so that we may be sure that the Presi-
dent will have money enough to carry on this
experiment to a successful conclusion.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment merely for the purpose of asking a ques-
tion. As I understand it, the amendments
which come from the Senate increase the ap-
propriations of the bill over four million dol-
lars, on account of the sums necessary for the
purpose of executing the new treaties. They
provide for deficiencies for the present fiscal
year and appropriations for the next fiscal
year, ending on the 30thof June, I860. Now,
I desire to ask the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations how much of this $4,000,000
is for the next fiscal year, and how much is
regarded as a deficiency in the service of the
present fiscal year ? I do this because I under-
stand the committee to have substantially agreed
to make appropriation for the service of the
present fiscal year, and the answer to that
question will control my vote on the amend-
ment for the addition of $'">"0,000.
Mr. DAWES. It is not properly a deficiency
in any sense. When appropriations are made
in this bill for the first time they are under
treaties which have never received the sanc-
tion of both Houses of Congress. Those ap-
propriations we have proposed to put over to
the next session of Congress. But where an
appropriation has heretofore been made for
the purpose of carrying out treaty stipulations
we consider such treaties as having received
the sanction of Congress.
Mr. ALLISON. I misapprehended, then,
what the committee propose.
Mr. DAW ES. The committee propose this:
that this $2,000,000 shall take the place of the
appropriation made now for the first time in
fulfillment of treaty stipulations, which treaty
stipulations come now before Congress for its
sanction for the first time.
Mr. ALLISON. I have asked the question
of the gentleman from Massachusetts for the
purpose of eliciting information as to the action
of the Committee on Appropriations, so that
1 might vote on the pending amendment to
the amendment to increase the appropilation
$500,000 understanding^. 1 will now ask the
gentleman what the committee propose to do
in reference to the money which was expended
by General Harney and others for the purpose
of gathering these Indians together and feed-
ing them, and which has not been provided for
or included in this appropriation of $2,000,000?
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
that we propose to make a statement to the
committee in a few minutes touching the char-
acter of that, and to take the judgment of the
House upon the question.
Mr. ALLISON. Does the gentleman be-
lieve that $2,000,000 will be sufficient to carry
these Indians over the next fiscal year ? If so,
I will vote against the proposition to increase
it to $2,500,000.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the commit-
tee are of opinion that it will; but they are of
opinion that if no part of it is taken to pay
arrearages it will carry them over till Decem-
ber next.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. T move to amend by
adding $450,000. I understand the chairman
of the committee to say that the committee
thought $2,000,000 would carry the Indians
over till December next. I wish to put the
fact before the House that the provisions must
be taken up the Missouri river next fall before
Congress meets to subsist the Indians tiil next
spring, till April or May, and there are no
means of doing it unless you supply them
before the next meeting of Congress, which
will be six months hence.
Mr. DAWES. There is much weight in
what the gentleman says, but I think we had
better adopt the sum of £-2,000,000, and then
if upon consultation, as this will, of course,
go to a committee of conference, it shall be
thought best to increase it to S2,-300.000 or
S3,000,000, I have no doubt the committee of
conference will report accordingly.
Mr. WILKINSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew the amendment.
Under the amendment already adopted by the
committee, inserting the word 11 sufficiently,"
so as to read " sufficiently provided for in this
hill," if the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations is adopted we shall have no
specific appropriation in this bill. Now, the
Committee on Appropriations after a good
deal of care, following the precedents and
taking the estimates furnished by the Depart-
ment, have gone step by step through the
requirements of all the tribes, have made spe-
cific appropriations and submitted them to the
House. The House having adopted the views
of the committee, sent the bill to the Senate.
The Committee on Finance of that body put
in amendments to the amount of $680,000,
making specific appropriations to such tribes.
In their judgment that was a sufficient amount
I for those tribes. Then the Senate attached to
i the bill certain provisions, carrying out new
treaties upon a policy in regard to whic-h this
j House may be somewhat divided, but I think
t the prevalent opinion is that the treaty system
i should not be further extended, and haveappro-
! priated over twenty-five hundred thousand dol-
lars more for such purposes.
j Now, it is proposed by the chairman of the
! Committee on Appropriations in this House, as
| a remedy for this evil, to substitute this new
I appropriation of $2,000,000 to be placed in
j the hands of the President and to be used in
; his discretion for Indian tribes, hands, and
' parties of Indians not otherwise provided for
in this bill. But by the insertion of the words
! '■ sufficiently" you have taken away the specific
• appropriations heretofore made. You have
i put them all in a lump, and thereby repealed
i all the legislation heretofore attempted on this
; subject, embarking upon an experiment in
, regard to all the Indian tribes. Now, sir, to
make ourselves consistent we should strike out
ail the re.st.of the bill but the amendment of
tilt-gentleman from Massachusetts, and provide
that there is hereby appropriated the sum of
$5,580,000 to enable the President to secure
peace among the various Indian tribes, bands,
and parties of Indians. Strike out all the rest of
the bill and let this single provision stand, for
that is all it means. Now, I ask the attention
of the committee to this consideration, whether
it is not worth while to reconsider the amend-
ment which they have adopted putting in the
words "sufficiently provided for," so that we
may have some limit to the use of the money
appropriated. By simplyputtingin $2,000,000
more you throw the whole system into con-
fusion and leave nothing in the nature of spe-
cific appropriation at all.
Mr. DICKEY. I do notundcrstand theeffect
of the amendment offered by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations in the same
manner as my colleague on the committee from
California [Mr. Sarqent] does. I understand
that the specific appropriations in the bill are
to stand. Nothing in the amendment affects
them except in this regard, that if any of thern
are found to be inadequate the President may
take from the $2,000,000 and add to them;
but he cannot take from the specific appro-
priations and add to the $2,000,000. No one
contends that the amendment can bear that
construction, I apprehend. The necessity of
this amendment exists in this fact, that the
Indians provided for in the new treaty stipula-
tions were to some extent provided for under
old treaty stipulations, but they were inade-
quately provided for. They have been removed
upon new reservations, and the stipulations
existing before their removal are or may be
inadequate now. The amendment allows the
President, out of this $2,000,000 to be appro-
priated, at his discretion to apply such portions
as he may deem expedient to such inadequate
appropriations. It does not allow him to take
from the specific appropriations and apply it
to any other purpose. Therefore I think the
amendment is not liable to the criticism of the
gentleman from California.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
to the one hundred and fifty-second amend-
ment of the Senate, to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That there be appropriated the further sum of
$2,000,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
enable the President to maintain the peace among
and with the various tribes, bands, and parties ot
Indians not otherwise sufficiently provided for in this
act, and to promote civilization among said Indians,
bring them, where practicable, upon reservations,
relieve their necessities, and encourage their efforts
at self-support; a report of ail expenditures under
this appropriation to be made in detail to Congress
in December next.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
fifty, nof-s not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
'ihe amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
Under the order of ihe House the committee
then took up for consideration the one hundred
and forty-sixth amendment of the Senate,
which was read, as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay expenses incurred in carrjtng out
treaty stipulations, making and preparing homo,
furnishing provisions, tools, and farming lUen-ils.iuitl
furnishing food and transportation lor bands <>{ In-
dians with which treaties have been made bj tin-
Indian peace commission, and carrying their stipu-
lations into effect under the supervision of Biev?:
Major (renoral W. S. Harney, incurred since October
1, $-185,784 21.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend thatarm-iiM-
m en thy .striking out in the first and M-eond lis -
the words "carrying out treaty stimulation?.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to insert after
the word ** utensils'* the word "cattle."
The amendment was agreod to.
Mr. DAWES. I move now to strike out the
words "and carrying their sfij u!ationa into
etfcet."
The amendment was agreed to.
