572 .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
eiple as the Harney amendment. The com- j
mittee tliiuk that these gentlemen ought to :
have part, but not all they claim. It is con- [
sidered that these claims should be audited,
and 1 believe the gentleman from Kansas con- j
sents that, the amendment should go to a coin- >
mittee of conference in order that it may be
arranged.
Mr. CLARKE. I agree to that. I
The following amendment, on which a sep- ;
arate vote was a died by Air. Clarke, was read : ;
Ottawas: 1
To pay the claim of J. T. Jones, being foi destrue- i
tion by fire ot hi-, dwelling and other property by
whites 111 lbo6, per eiguteenth article treaty February i
23,1867, io,10'J. \
The Committee on Appropriations recom- 1
mend non-concurrence. I
Air. CLARKE. Mi. Chairman, this is the
amendment, to which I called the attention of
the committee when the bill was first up for
consideration, i think if the attention of the
Committee on Appropriations had been called
to it they would have recommended a concur-
rence in it. I explained it to the House when
it was up before. It is under a treaty stipula-
tion that this sum of $5,700 is provided to be
paid to Mr. J. T. Jones. I move concurrence
in the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I represent the Committee
on Appropriations in saying that they were
opposed to that amendment; but I am unable
to state upon what grounds, for I am of the
opinion that it ought to be concurred in.
Mr. SARGrJBN 1'. 1 will not say who opposed
this amendment in the committee, for that
would not be proper. It was held, however,
that the claim of Mr. Jones should not be pro-
vided for by treaty stipulations, but that if lie
had any claim against the United States it
should go regulaily before tlie Committee of
Claims. It is a proposition to indemnify Mr.
Jones for the destruction of his property by
the whites. There being no explanation of it,
and no propriety in putting it into a trtaty to
which Air. Jones^vas not a party, the Commit-
tee on Appropriations thought it ought not to
be coneuned in, and have so recommended to
this House.
Mr. CLARKE. The Committee on Appro-
priations could not have understood all the
facts, or they would have recommended a con-
currence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. When
was this made?
Air. CLAHKE. Some year or two ago. Mr.
John T. Jones is a chief of the Ottawa tribe
ot- Indians. In 1850 what were known as the
" border-ruffians" invaded the State of Kan-
sas and destroyed the city of Lawrence. In
consequence of Mr. Jones's sympathy with the
free Stale party, although a half-breed Indian,
they went down a distance oftwenty-eight miles
and destroyed his property. Not only his house,
but the whole of his property was burned up
to the extent of $20,000, on a fair valuation.
He justly came with his claim to Congress, and
since I have been here a bill for his relief has
passed the Senate two or three times and come
to this House, but failed in consequence of the
want of time at the close of the various ses-
sions. In the mean time these Ottawa Indians,
I think in the year 1867, made a treaty in which
this claim ot Mr. Jones was recognized, and
an agreement made on the part of the United
States to pay him, after examination, the sum
of $6,700. _ This is the exact history of the
claim. it is a treaty stipulation, aud stands
in. the same relation before the Committee on
Appropriations that every other treaty stipula-
tion in: this bill does, it does not appear in
the cj)ar«,cter of a claim, but stands exactly
on the same iiasis as all the others, being pro-
vided fo,r-by^p$ojiil.treaty stipulation. It stands
exactly on. the same basis as every other ap-
ppojariajliop which has .received the approba-
tion of the Committee Oft Appropriations.
Mr- DICKEY. During the war the town of
Charnbersburg was burned down by the rebels,
anci if' (his ingoing to be paid, because it is
in a .treaty, stipulation we shall have, to, look
ontXo provide for the payment of damages in
that case by some provision in some of these
Indian treaties.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It ap-
pears that thirteen years ago the house of Mr,
Jones was burned d.jwn, and that the gentle-
man from Kansas presented a claim before
Congress for his rebel. This bill happened lo
pass two or three times in the Senate, but in-
variably failed to pass the House. Congress
having failed to pass the claim, resort was had
to its incorporation in an Indian treaty. A1
though it failed to pass Cougiess, now because
it has been provided for by treaty stipulation
in one of these Indian treaties we are told that
we cannot infuse to pay it, but that we must
pay it whether or no.
Air. CLARKE. I do not put this upon the
ground that, it was in an Indian treaty ; but
only stated it as a part of the history of the
transaction. I do not ask the House to concur
in this because it is an Indian treaty ; I ask the
House to concur in it because it is right, and
because Air. Jones ought to have been paid
years ago. His sympathy with the free State
parly at that time was well known. No man
in Kansas was more influential in aiding the
free State cause at a time when it required
courage, money, perseverance, and principle.
No man maintained with more fidelity and
ability the free State party out of which such
glorious results have grown than John T. Jones,
of the Ottawa tribe of Indians.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was non-concurred in.
The following amendment, on which a sen-
arate vote was demanded by Air. Sargent, was
read:
Strike out the word " fifty" and insert "seventy;"
so that the paiagraph will read as folio  vs:
For the general incidental expense of the Indian
servieein tho Territory of Arizona., presentsof goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist tlietn to locate in permanent abodes,
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
life, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, $70,000.
Mr. SAUGrENT. Although I do not rep-
resent Arizona I am very familiar with that
Territory and know something about its Indian
tribes. The committee have sanctioned an
appropriation of some six hundred thousand
dollars, and have in fact added $200,000 to the
sum heretofore appropriated to be expended
by General Harney in gathering together, civil-
izing, and pacifying about twenty eight thou-
sand Sioux ludians. I believe he has been able
to pacify about twelve or fifteen thousand at
the most thus far. The rest remain to be
brought into subjection or quieted. For that
purpose you have appropriated some six hun-
dred thousand dollars. Now, there are in Ari-
zona thirty thousand Indians, and the amount
appropriated, without any treaty whatever and
without the intervention of any peace commis-
sion, has been heretofore $70,000. That small
amount has been cut down to $50,000 by the
House without any proper showing before the
Committee oe Appropriations. The Senate has
restored it to $70,000. the sum appropriated
last year. Now, sir, I believe it is necessary
that that amount should be allowed. The In-
dians in Arizona are as warlike in their habits
and temper as the Sioux tribes. They carry
desolation when they are. wronged or excited
from any cause throughout the Territory, which
is one of the richest in the United States in
mines of silver and gold. Large mining enter-
prises are arrested by the Indian depredations.
The miners are attacked and murdered, and
immense losses of capital are occasioned by
these depredations.
Now, these Indians have been induced in a
great degree to remain peaceable through the
influence of a few persons as local agents dis-
tiibuting provisions and presents of clothing,
so that the, expense to the Government of
controlling them has been comparatively light.
Out on the border of the Territory where they
are not reached by the agents there are turbu-
lent tribes; but they are coming in, as I am
informed, more and more and submitting to con-
trol ; and 1 think if we make this appropriation
§70,000 we can retain them in their present
peaceable relations, and increase their good
feeling toward this Government.
Air. BECK. Allow me to add, on this sub-
ject, that 1 find in the reported debates of the
Senate on this subject the following:
" Mr. Harlan. I gave notice that I should renew
the amendment in relation to Indian* in Arizona
I move in line sixteen hundicd and sixty-two to
strike out '$30,000' and insert ' $70.00 i;' so as to
make the appiopriation for the Indians in that Ter-
rit ry $70,000. I hope the Senate mav come to the
same judgment that the Committee on Indian Aliairs
arrived at and make this change.
"Mr. Fesskxdex. I suppose that involves agreat
many changes all along there.
"Mr. Harlan. I propose to abandon all the others
if the Senator will consent that this amendment
shall go in. There is a very large body of Indians
in this Territory—some thirty-five thousand—and a
large proportion of them are engaged in hostilities ;
and now that we have adopted an amendment pro-
viding for what I may call a new peace commission
I think we can with very great safety increase the
appropriation to the sum I have proposed.
" Mr. Fessenden. I will make no objection.
" The ameudment was agreed to."
The question being taken on the amendment
of the Senate, it was concurred in.
The following amendment, upon which a
separate vote was asked by Mr. Dickey, was
read :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to enable tho Secretary of tho Interior to
pay unpaid vouchers audited and allowed by the
Indian peace commission, $22,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-coneurrence.
Mr. DICKEY. That amendment stands on
precisely the same ground as the Harney
amendment, and the committee agreed it
should take the same direction.
The amendment was concurred in.
The following amendment, upon which a
separate vote was asked by Air. Allison, was
read :
To supply deficiency of appropriation to pay for
depredations committed by Indians in northwestern
Iowa in tho year 1857, $10,906 34.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the Committee of
the Whole will concur in that amendment. It
is simply for a small deficiency in the payment
of some claims for depredations by ludians in
the northwestern portion of Iowa.
The amendment was concurred in.
The following amendment, on wh'icli a sepa-
rate vote was asked by Air. Wilkinson, was
then read :
Sec. —. And be it further eiutcted. That the appro-
priation of $117,000 made to the State of Minnesota,
July 2.1864. to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tion of Alarch 3, 1863, for the eost^, charges, and ex-
penses properly incurred by said State in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the year 1862, be, and the same
is hereby, extended to embrace such expenditures
incurred in the year 1853, to the amount of $12,408 04:
Provided, That only so much of such expenses shall
be paid the State of Minnesota as shall be allowed
by the proper accounting officers under the twenty-
second section of the act appioved March 3, 1863,
entitled " An act m iking appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30.1864, and lor the year ending June 30,
1863, and for other purposes."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. WILKINSON. This amendment appro-
priates no money. I will read a line or two
from the proceedings of the Senate when this
amendment was offered by Mr. Ramsey. He
said:
"I will say that this amendment has been hereto-
fore adopted by the Senate, is recommended bv the
accounting officers ofthe Treasury, and appropriates
no money.
" Mr. I'essendkn. I have no objection to it."
_ It appropriates no money. It merely car-
ries over a portion of an appropriation here-
tofore made, so as to apply to depredations
committed after January 1, 1863. In 1863 Con-
gress made an appropriation to pay for Indian
depredations committed in Minnesota in 1802,
the year of the Indian war. It turned out that
some of those depredations were committed
after the 1st of January, 18f>3, so that the
accountingofficers could not allow about twelve
thousand dollars ofthe amount, and this amend-
ment is to allow that amount to be paid out
