1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57$
of the sum heretofore appropriated for this
pui pose.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tlie amendments of the Senate having all
been disposed of,
Mr. DAW ES moved that the committee rise
and report the amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and Mr.
di'fkimox Laving taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Jcdd reported that the Com-
mit toe of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under considera-
tion the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 1 23, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1870, and had directed
h m to report the same to the House with the
recommendation that some of said amend-
ments be concurred in, otiiers concurred in
with amendments, and others non-concurred in.
Mr. DAWES. 1 call the previous question.
Mr. HOL.J AN. I suppose the gentleman
from Massachusetts does not propose to ask
ior action on the amendments to-night?
Mr. DAWES. On the one hundred and
fil'ty-second amendment gentlemen are to have
a separate vote.
Mr. ALLISON. I think we had better have
a separate vote on the Haruev amendment
also.
Mr. DAWES. Very well.
The previous questiou was seconded and the
main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, fatten
o'clock and twenty-live minutes,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of 36 citi-
zens of Iowa, asking the right of suffrage for
women.
Also, the like petition of 69 citizens of Wis-
consin.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of the
Franklin Institute of Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to make an adequate appropriation
of money to provide for observations of the
total eclipse of the sun in August next, and
that the money be expended under the direc-
tion of the chief of the Bureau of Navigation or
ot the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
By Mr. KAN DALL: The petition to Con-
gress of Mrs. Sarah Lyons widow ot Captain
Francis Lyons, who was murdered by southern
guerrillas, asking for a pension.
By Mr. STEVENS: The memorial of Sur-
geon T. Dillard ana others, retired staff officers
of the Navy, asking for the legalization of cer-
tain regulations of the Navy Department.
By Mr. STEVENSON : The petition and
proofs of Barbara Schorr, for duplicate ten-
l'orty bonds of $1,000 each, to replace the two
consumed by fire.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 7, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Eev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
(in motion of Mr. GRIMES, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
iowa northern' central railroad.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up a little hill. Sen-
ate bill No. GO, reported yesterday from the
Committee on Finance. It will take but a
moment.
1'lieie being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill lS. No. tiO) legalizing the stamp-
ing of certain subscription papers executed and
issued to the Iowa Northern Central Railroad
Company. The preamble recites that in the
year 18(56, and subsequent thereto, large sums
of money were subscribed to the capi.al stock
of the Iowa Northern Central Railroad Com-
pany, a body-corporate under the laws of the
State of Iowa, for the purpose of constructing
a railroad from the city of Mouat Pleasant, via
Washington and Iowa City, to Cedar Rapids,
in that State ; that the required United States
revenue stamps were not affixed to the sub-
scription papers by the parties executing the
same nor by the company in the manner pre-
scribed by law; and that the company, after
the subscription papers came into the hands
of the company, stamped the same. The bill,
therefore, proposes to legalize the stamping
of the subscription papers and declare them
to be valid and of the same force and effect as
if ihe United States revenue stamps had been
placed thereon and canceled at the date of the
execution and delivery of the same and in the
manner prescribed by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
l'ay of southern' senators.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up the resolution I
offered yesterday, in relation to the compensa-
tion of the Senators from the reconstructed
States, for the purpose of having a vote on it
without any debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I object.
TbeVlCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana asks consent to proceed to the con-
sideration of the lesolution offered by him yes-
terday.
Mr. WILSON. No, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. Petitions and memorials are in order.
petitions and memorials.
! Mr. SUMNER. I present four petitions of
colored citizens of Washington and George-
town. in the District of Columbia, in whichthey
humbly but earnestly pray that Congress would
take action so as to provide a uniform and im-
partial system of public schools for the entire
District of Columbia under one board of man-
agement. I move their reference to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of I.
Pt. Parrott, of Georgia, praying for the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
papers withdrawn" and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY. it was
Ordered, Xh.it the report of commissioners ap-
pointed by the State of Nevada to examine certain
claims tor Indian depredations; resolutions of the
Legislature of Nevada, in tavor of an appropriation
for the payment of the loss and damages sustained
by the inhabitantsof Humboldteounty, in that State
by the depredations of hostile Indians during the
years 1SG1,1865, and 1866; the petition of Solomon
Stover, pra.vmg compensation for the use and occu-
pation of bis property by United States troops from
June 1, 1S61, to May 29, 1861, and for damages to said
property by the troops; and tne petition of Charles
A. Pitcher, praying compensation for the use of a val-
uable patent tor the manufaetureof brooms, belong-
ing to the petitioner in the penitentiary in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be taken from thelites of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports ok committees.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print extra copies of report No. i, submitted
the following resolution ; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed and deposited with
the Committee on Foreign Relations tor the use of
the Senate one thousand exira comes of Senate re-
port No. 4 from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
relative to rclunding to the tetatesot Massachusetts
and Maine tiio interest paid by them on advances
made to the United States, and to provide for tlio
defense of tne northeastern frontier.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions to report n bill (S.
No. 200; to authorize officers of the Executive
Departments to administer oaths in certain
cases, aud to ask for its present consideration
and passage ; and I will state, in one word, in
asking its present consideration, what it is.
There are great complaints ol' frauds in the
pension and claim bureaus of the Departments,
committed in the southwestern States particu-
larly, and the clerks whom ihe law authorizes
the Department to detail to make the investi-
gations, in taking their testimony to bring buck
totheDepartment, are notas the lawnow stands
authorized to ad minister oaths. This bill merely
provides that any clerk detailed pursuant to
law to make such investigation may take affi-
davits. I ask unanimous consent to put it
upon its passage now.
Mr. MORTON. I object, inasmuch as objec-
tion was made to a simple resolution that I
desired to call up a few minutes ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
considered as read the first time, and placed
upon the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (S. No. 264) to
execute the provisions of a certain treaty
between the United States and his Majesty the
emperor of all the Russias. concluded on the
27th day of January, A. D. 1868; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POMEROY, from* the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 2o2) to provide for the sale of certain
lots aud lands of the sea islands of Beaufort
county, South Carolina, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (S. It. No. 58} for
the protection of soldiers and their heirs, to
report it back without amendment; aud 1 ask
that it be put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDES f. Is there objec-
tion to its immediate consideration?
Mr. MORTON. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
report a joint resolution (S. R. No. 62) in rela-
tion to a site for a building for the State De-
partment, and I ask that it be read at length
and put on its passage at the present time.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House tf Representatives
of th-e United States ot Amertetiin Congressassemhlcdt
That the Secretaiy of State, the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of War, the architect of the
Capitol extension, the supervising aichitect of the
Treasury Department, and the Superintendent of
Public Buildings and Grounds be, and ttiey are
hereby, appomtel a commission to select a sue tor
the erection of a building lor a new State Depart-
ment, to cause plans to be made for the same, with
an estimate of the probable cost thereoi; and also to
exammeas tothe propriety of makingsome arrange-
ments for the War Department, provided the com-
mission should reach the conclusion that the pres-
ent site ol that Department is the most suitable for
the State Department, and to report to Congaess on
the first day of next session.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution ?
Mr. WILSON. It seems that objection is
made to everything this morning, and we may
as well make the rule general and universal.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the Senator wiil not
object to this resolution. It is merely to make
an inquiry.
Mr. WILSON. I do not care what it is ; I
object.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 265)
to prevent the counterfeiting of foreign trade-
marks protected by treaty stipulations; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate to report the following
resolution, which 1 desire to have considered
at the present time :
llesnhef, That the Committee on Retrenchment
repuit as soon as practicable, if any, what clurkci or
the comtnUtyejj ot the Senate may properly be dis-
pensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky asks the present consideration
of this resolution. Is there objection?
Mr. MORTON aud Mr. WILSON. I object.
