1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment wag concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VI Ch PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 6) for the protection of the inter-
ests of the United States in the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone
that and all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up the deficiency bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will not
postpone the order of the day, the regular
unfinished business. We have been engaged
some time in discussing this railroad bill, and I
think have arrived nearly at the termination
of the discussion. I do not think that much
more time will be spent in debate upon it, and
I trust the Senate will see to it that it takes
some final action upon this very important bill.
The interests of the United States are to be
looked after; we ought not to disregard them,
and we ought not to disregard the rights of the
companies themselves. Above all things we
ought to put an end to the obstinate, bitter, and
angry controversy which now exists between
these two corporations, the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company and the Central Pacific Railroad
Company. I trust that the Senate will go on
with the regular business, for I believe we shall
finish it in a very short time. If the Senate,
wishes to vote to take up another bill and to
set this aside I shall have done" my duty in
regard to the settlement of this great contro-
versy, and upon the Senate of the United States
will rest all the responsibility and all the eon-
sequences, be they what they may, of omitting
to settle it at this time when we can do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that in
my judgment if this appropriation bill is not
passed to-day there is danger that it may not
pass at all. To-morrow we are to proceed to
the consideration of the differences between the
two Houses on the Indian appropriation bill;
and both branches have voted to adjourn on
next Saturday. When that vote was passed I
was of opinion that we could uot get through
by that time, and I have now very slight hopes
that we shall be able to do so. We certainly
shall not if we postpone appropriation bills that
are now ready. At this period of the session
it has been usual to give the appropriation
bills, when ready, precedence over all other
business.
Mr. bPRAGUE. 1 stated yesterday that I
should beg the indulgence of the Senate to-day
to enter on the consideration of an important
subject. Every position has been selected;
my cavalry have cleared the front of the field
and are covering the wings; my infantry are
in line of battle; my artillery are assigned to
position; but my shell, canister, and grape
are behind, consequent upon the unfavorable
state of the roads. I shall be ready to-morrow
to open the fight.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Maine, to postpone the pend-
ing order and all previous orders and take up
the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. IIO WARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Boreman,
lirowulow, Carpenter, Casserly, Conkhng, Corbett,
Oramu, Davis, Drake, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fowler,
Gilbert, tSrimes, Hamilton, Harris, Howe, McCreery,
Mornll, Patterson, Fratt, Rice, Sawyer, Stewart,
Stockton,Tburuian. Willoy. and Williams—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Harlan, Howard, Mc-
Donald, Morton, Robertson. Ross, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT-—Messrs. Abbott. Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Catl ell. Cole, Fenton, Ferry, Hamlin, Kellogg,
Norton, Nye, Osborii, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Sauts-
bury.Scliura, Spencer, Trumbull, Vickers, Warner,
and Yates—22.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate, as in Jommittee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R, No. 354i making
-i 1 st Cosu. Iht Suss. -No. 37.
appropriations and to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal years ending June SO,
I860, and June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the reading is com-
menced I desire to give notice that to-morrow
I shall call up House bill No. 140, relating to
the tax on whisky and tobacco. It is nee essary
to pass it; it involves very difficult questions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the amendments reported to the
deficiency bill by the Committee on Appropria-
tions will be acted on as they are reached in
regular order during the reading of the bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill to
the end of line seventy-one of the first section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is one amend-
ment that I wish to move just there, which is
not printed, recommended by the Committee
on Appropriations, to be inserted after line
seventy-one:
Senate:
For packing boxes for the Senate, §544.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to amend the first section by striking out in
line eighty-eight $2,000," and inserting
" $969 50," so as to make the amount appro-
priated torrent of building occupied for Gov-
ernment uses by clerks of the Pension Office
§969 50.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was after liue ninety-one of
section one to insert:
For compensation of the clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of California and Arizona, $6,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line ninety-
four of section one to insert:
For compensation of the clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Kansas, $2,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line ninety-
seven of section one to insert:
For compensation of the clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Montana, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line ninety-
nine of section one to insert:
For comppnsation of the clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Xebraska and Iowa, $1,256.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and two of section one to insert:
For rent of office forthesurveyorgeneralof Wash-
ington Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, $1,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and five of section one to insert:
For rentof office for thesurveyorgeneral of Dakota
Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and eight of section one to insert:
For rent of office for the surveyor general of
Nevada, fuel, oooks, stationery, andother incidental
expenses, §1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The r.ext amendment was after line one hun-
dred and eleven of section one to insert:
For rent of office for the surveyor general of Mon-
tana, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and fourteen of section one to insert:
For rent of office for surveyor general of California
and Arizona, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, $1,3)0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an amend-
ment proposed by the committee, to come in
after line thirty-five of section two, which I
now offer:
For the payment of the necessary expenses in-
curred in defending suits against the Secretary of
the Treasury and bis agents, for the seizure of cap-
tured and abandoned property in the late insurrec-
tionary districts.and for the defense of the United
States against suits for and in respect to such prop-
erty in the Court of Claims, 825,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Before that amendment
is agreed to I wish the Senator would state how
it becomes necessary to make that appropria-
tion. This is a continuation of a matter that
has been discussed here before ; that amount
was larger than this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury which explains it.
I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Depabtmext, April 5,1869.
Sie: By the third section of a joint resolution ap-
proved March 30,1868, a sum not exceeding 875,000
was appropriated for the payment of the necessary
expenses incurred in defending such suits as might
be brought against the Secretary of tha Treasury or
his agents for the seizure of captured and abandoned
property in the late insurrectionary districts, and for
the defense of the United States against suits for and
in respect to such property in the Court of Claims.
Of this appropriation the sum of $52,666 61 has been
expended, as will be seen from the inclosed state-
ment, leaving an unexpended balance of $22,333 46.
I have reason to believe that the appropriation
was a wise one, and it is necessary that an additional
sum should be appropriated in order that the objects
contemplated in said resolution may be accom-
plished.
_ I therefore respectfully recommend that an addi-
tional sum of not less than $25,000 be appropriated
to enable the Department to carry out the provisions
of said resolution.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE S. BOCTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. James G. Blaise. Speaker House of Represent-
atives, Forty-First Congress, United States.
Statement of disbursements out of appropriation of
March 30. 1868, for expenses of Collecting captured
and abandoned property, and other purposes.
For expenses of collecting captured and abandoned
property  S4.S61 69
For defense of Secretary and his agents  9,780 00
For prosecution of suits for recovery of cap-
tured and abandoned property by theUni-
ted States  7,142 70
For defending suits in Court of Claims  31,382 15
Totaldisbursements  52,666 54
Balance of appropriation     22,333 46
875,000 00
April 5,1869,
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to insert after line thirty-live of section two :
Construction branch of the Treasury Department:
For construction of custom-house at Portland,
Slfline, $70,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line thirty-
eight of section two to insert:
For completing the custom-house at Ogdensburg,
New York, $37,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
after line forty, to insert:
For removing the hydraulic weights and construc-
tion of northwest stairway in the Treasury building,
$30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
forty-three of section two :
For heating apparatus and repairs of same for
public buildings, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those amendments
have been agreed to, and I might pass them
over ; but I wish to say for the information of
the Senate and also for the information of the
House of Representatives, if the bill should go
there, that these items are all very strongly
recommended and urged by the Secretary as
absolutely necessarj" to continue these works,
and especially the last one, for heating the
public buildings. It involves the question
whether one building shall stop entirely, at
great loss to the Government, and whether
another shall be completed within this year or
the nextand the committee thought it would
