57,8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
be very unwise to stop the works or delay their
completion.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill to line forty-six of section two.
The Committee on Appropriations propose
in line forty-seven of section two to strike out
the words "in chief" after " examiners;" so
as to read:
For compensation of two additional examiners in
the Patent Oflicc, at $2,500 each, $5,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This verbal
amendment will be agreed to if there be no
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee at first
concurred in the clauses from lines fifty to fifty-
seven of section two ; but on information re-
ceived afterward they decided to advise the
Senate to strike them out. I move, therefore,
that these two clauses, for additional compen-
sation to draughtsmen and for copies of draw-
ings, be stricken out from line fifty to line fifty-
seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
to be stricken out will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
outfrom lines fifty to fifty-seven of section two,
in the following words :
For additional compensation of draughtsmen em-
ployed in copying drawings, £6.000; and the number
of said draughtsmen may be diminished as they may
foe found unnecessary during the fiscal year.
For causing copies of drawings annexed to speci-
fications to be printed, lithographed, or otherwise
printed for sale and for the use of the Patent Office,
$15,0^0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was after line fifty-
seven of section two to insert:
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Louisiana, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line fifty-
nine of section two to insert :
For compensation of clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Louisiana, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill down to line seventy-four of section two.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The item from line
seventy-one to seventy-four was inserted by
mistake. The committee voted, I think, to
strike it out. There has been already an
appropriation made for that purpose in another
bill. 1 move, therefore, on the part of the
committee, to strike out from lines seventy-one
to seventy-four of section two, in these words:
For surveying that part of the eastern boundary
of Colorado Territory which lies between the thirty-
seventh and fortieth parallels of north latitude,
$2,730.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was to insert the
following as an additional section :
Sec. 5. Andhe_ it further enacted, That the appro-
priation of Slo,U00 for continuing the work of
grading and tiling the Capitol grounds, appropn-
ated in an act making appiopnations for sundry
civil expensesof theGovermnentforthe year ending
June 30, 1870, approved March 3, 18(30, shall be
expended under the direction of the architect of the
l<a,pitol extension.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec. 6. Ami be it further enacted, That the proviso
attached to the clause of tne act entitled " An act
making appropriations for the legislative, executive,
ai.\l judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1870." approved March 3,1869,
commencing with the following words: "Depart-
ment of State: for compensation ot Secretary of
•btttte, two Assistant Secretaries of State," &c be
and the same is hereby, repealed! said proviso being
in the following words : " Provided, That the pay of
any messenger in either of the departments, execu-
tiveor judicial, of the Government, employed during
the whole year, shall be $840 per annum and no
more ; and the pay of any assistant messenger em-
ployed as nforestated shall be j?700 per annum and no
more: and the pay of all laborers and watchmen—
whether night or day—employed as aforestated shall
be $i20 per annum, aud no more."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have some other amendments to
offer which are not printed, and I will proceed
now to present them. The first one is to insert
an additional section, and I will state that it
is to meet a 'case where certain officers were
provided for, but the act was so drawn that it
made no appropriation:
And />« it further enacted. That the act approved
Mai-eh 3.1869, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropriations lor
the service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1869, and for other purposes," be so
amended as to insert ia the second clause of said act.
after the words " at a salary of $180 each, per year,"
and before the first proviso in said clause the follow-
ing words, "and such amount in addition to the
amount appropriated in the act entitled 'An act mak
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses ot the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1870/ approved March 3, 1869, for
fuel, lights, labor, and miscellaneous items as may
be necessary to pay said employes is hereby appro-
priated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now offer this amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That there shall be a
superintendent of the Department of the Interior,
who shall be exofflcio captain of the watch, and who
shall perform such other duties as may be assigned
to him by the Secretary of the Interior, and who
shall receive the same compensation as is provided
by existing laws for the superintendent of the Treas-
ury building, and a sum sufficient topay such salary
for the remainder of this and for the next fiscal year,
is hereby appropriated.
I will state that in the judgment of the
committee this provision is necessary. Jn the
last bill one of the disbursing clerks was struck
out entirely, and there being no superintendent
of the building the work of that officer has
been performed under some regulation of the
Department by "one of the disbursing clerks.
They are now so reduced that it is impossible
that both duties can be performed. It is abso-
lutely necessary that there should be an officer
of this description, and the committee were
satisfied it was for the good of the service, and
therefore recommended it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer another amend-
ment as a new section:
And be it further enacted. That the two clerks of
class one in the offieeof education, authorized by an
act entitled ''An act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30. 1870," ap-
proved March 3,1869, shallbe appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior; and all laws and parts of laws
authorizing the employment of other clerks in the
Department or Office of Education shall, after the
commencement of the next fiscal year, be repealed.
Mr. STJMNER. Do I understand that that
comes from the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask does that con-
template the repeal of the law providing for the
appointment of those officers?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It makes the law pre-
cisely what it was intended to be by the last
bill. The law, as it now stands, placed the
Office of Education, as a bureau, under the
Secretary, and provided for two clerks of class
one. That number was decided to be all that
were necessary. It omitted, however, to repeal
the provision of the previous law, which gave
six or seven more clerks, which both the House
and Senate determined to do, for they made
no appropriation for their payment.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the present object, I
understand, is to repeal that law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To repeal that law
because no appropriation was made, and it
was intended to be repealed. This is merely
carrying out the law as it was left by the last
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I should be very glad, if I i
could, to keep thesix additional clerks. I think !'
they are needed. |
Mr. FESSENDEN. Congress has decided
that they are not necessary, and there is no
appropriation for their payment in any bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand there is no
further amendment from the Committee on
Appropriations. I should like to call up the
amendment of which I gave notice yesterday
regularly.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it from a committee?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir ; from the Naval
Committee. It is after line seventy-five of
section one, on page 4, to insert •
Navy Department:
For the salary of the Solicitor nnd Naval Judge
Advocate General from July 1.1869, to June30.1870,
$3,500; and the said office is hereby made permanent.
I ask that a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy in regard to this matter, and one from
the President of the United States in Decem-
ber last, be read to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letters
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, March 27,1869.
Dear Sir: The offieeof Solicitor and Naval Judge
Advocate General which, without further legisla-
tion. will expire in June, is in my judgment of per-
manent importance and necessity, and I respectfully
ask your favorable attention to the passage of an
act substantially like the inclosed draft.
The present views of the President are expressed
in his letter of December 22,1868, of which I forward
herewith a copy.
Very respectfully, yours, A. E. BORIE,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. J. W. Grimes.
Chairman Committee on Naval Affairs.
Headquarters Army of the United States,
Washington, December 22.1868.
Dear Sir: I would respectfully recommend to the
favorable consideration of your committee the im-
portance of legislating for the continuance of the
offieeof Judge Advocate General of the Navy. Trials
by courts-martial, both in the Army and Navy, are
necessarily conducted by officers who cannot be
expected to have a thorough knowledge of the law,
and it looks as though their proceedings should at
least be submitted to the scrutiny of a law officer to
secure justice.
U. S. GRANT, General.
Hon. F. A. Pike,
Chairman Mouse Committee on Naval Affair*.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
from Missouri to strike out the last clause of
the amendment. I think it improper to legis-
late in that way on this bill.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the honorable Senator
make no objection if that is stricken out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has given
notice, and I do not feel inclined to argue it.
Mr. DRAKE. I will modify the amend-
ment by striking out that clause, so as to
leave the appropriation simply. It will then
stand :
For the salary of the Solicitor and Naval Judge
Advocate General from Julyl, 1869, to June 30,1870,
$3,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I want to have the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
tell us what the state of the law now is about
the Naval Judge Advocate General. Is there
such an office existing by law, and if so, when
does it terminate ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I know is that the
officer has been recognized in repeated appro-
priation bills and .paid; and that has been
considered as authorizing subsequent appro-
priations.
Mr. DRAKE. It rests upon an appropria-
tion expiring on the 30th of June of this year.
Mr. EDM UNDS. I wish to ask the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who undoubtedly knows, what the state
of the law is, wnat the statutes now are on the
subject of this Naval Judge Advocate General,
if there are any. I am sure my friend from
Iowa is familiar with the state of the law. I
want to get at the facts.
Mr. GRIMES. The fact is exactly as stated
by the Senator from Missouri. It rests upon
an appropriation made last year, which con-
tinues the office until the end of the present
fiscal year. This office was created dining the
war, and I believe at my instance. At any
rate, I introduced the bill providing for its
continuance during the war and for one u-ar
thereafter. There have been included in the
annual appropriation bills from that time to the
present the words " Solieitorand Naval Judge
Advocate Generaland on the strength of
that the office has been continued. 1 have
received letters from the Secretary of the Navy
