1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and from General Grant similar to tliose which
the Senator from Missouri had read, recom-
mending that this office be continued.
Mr. DRAKE. It is the unanimous opinion
of the Committee on Naval Affairs that the
office should be continued, and a bill was passed
embodying a provision of that kind atan early !
day in this session; but as that bill is not likely
to be acted ou in the other House at the pres-
ent session, at the urgent request of the Sec-
retary of tEe Navy this amend mentis introduced
for tbe purpose of continuing to that Depart-
ment the benefit of the service of such an
officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
tnitteeou Foreign Relationsto move an amend-
ment, of which 1 gave notice yesterday, to come
in on page 5, after line ninety-one of section
one:
For compensation of a secretary of legation at
£hi , $1,500.
I will say that that was omitted by accident
the -consular and diplomatic bill passed at
the last session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe that is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Under instructions from
oheCoinmittee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
I move to amend the bill by striking out in line
forty ot' tli-e first seetion " $40,000 and in-
serting " 833,000,'' so as to increase the appro-
priation for contingencies in the Post Office
Department from $40,000 to 053,000, and I
send up to the desk to be read a communica-
tion from the head of that Department in ex-
planation of this and some other amendments
which I shall offer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the communica-
tion he read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Department,
March 25,1869.
Sir: I herewith transmit a copy of a letter ad-
dressed to Hon. Mr. Dawes, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and beg your cooperation
in getting a bill passed lor the required appropria-
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOHN A. J. CRE3WELL,
Post master General.
Hon. John F. Farxswoktii, Chairman of the. Com-
mittee on the Pout Ojice and Post Itoads, House of
HepresentaXives.
Post Office Department,
MnrcJi, 1869.
Sib: I desire to call the attention of your honor-
able committee to the failure of the last Congress to
make the necessary appropri ition to supply the
deficiency required for the contingent expenses of
this Department lor the enrrent fiscal year, as ap-
pears by a certified copy of the deficiency bill from
the State Department.
According to the records the estimate for contin-
gencies transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury
on the 16th of November last—a eopy of which is
herewith presented—was $53,000. From inquiry and
fueh examination as my tiuie has allowed me to
make it seems to me the full amount will be re-
quired. Bills for lights, stationery, painting, tele-
grams, furniture, carpets, cases for the preservation
of important papers, and other bills, amounting to
about fifteen thousand dollars, and for certain im-
provements which were deemed absolutely necessary,
are now awiiting an appropriation for payment.
These ex pens- s. I am informed, were incurred in
confident anticipation of the favora-de action of
Congress. Nor is there, as I understand, any tund
to pay the ongineer for steaui-engine, firemen, or
temporary laborers, and your committee will readily
perceive the necessity for the services of this class
of persons. I therefore respectfully urge the import-
ance of at once reporting a bill for tho objects mdi-
eated. and so relieve the Department of its present
embarrassment.
I desire, also, to state to the committee that there
is no appropriation to pay temporary clerks for the
present mouth, <Jtarch.) and I have therefore to
request that the sum of $7,500 be made therefor.
It i« mv purpose to reduce the temporary force m
till- Department IrotB tbe 1st of April proximo to the
■.inn llest number consistent with the properdischarge
ot thecleiieal labors of the Department. With such
a reduMmn. however, there wiil still be a deficiency
o!  13.(W9 for temporaryclcrks mrthequarter ending
the present fiscal year, and i recommend an appro-
pi iation therefor. .
file last Consjressf.uled to makeanyappropriation
foi temporary clerks for the next fiscal year. With;
mil a tund tor this purpose 1 tear the operations ot
the Department will bo iiijuriou-ly restneted. I
theieloro have to ask 911 apiu opi iation ot  34.000 lor
temporary eleiks for the fiscal year oinjins: June 30,
1870 * *#<$***
Earnestly invoking the immediate and favorable
action of your honorable committee on the matters
herein presented, I have the honor to he, very
respectfully, your obedient servant, ,
JOHN A. J. CUES WELL,
Po&tmaeter General.
Hon. H. L. Dawes, * j
Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations. \
Mr. RAMSEY. I will state that the item :
of $7,500 for temporary clerks for March is i
already in the bill. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator j
if he knows what the appropriation for tem- i
porary clerks in this Department was last year? '
Mr. RAMSEY. The appropriation for the i
current year was $20,000, and no appropii- j
ation has yet been made for the next year.
T will further state that the Postmaster Gen- !
eral has it in contemplation to reduce very .
largely the temporary force, and except for ,
the present pressure in the contract office he
would have reduced the temporary clerks this
quarter from eighty-four to forty-nine. He
has that in contemplation, and will effect it as
soon as the present pressure is over. They are
now opening bids for mail-lettings in that
office.
Air. FESSENDEN. Itstrikesme thatthere
is a little obscurity in the statement of the Post-
master General. There seems to have been
an appropriation of $20,000 for the current
year, and he asks for a deficiency of 513,000,
making $33,000. He says he contemplates
reducing the force very soon, and yet we are
asked to appropriate $34,000 for the next year.
That does not look like a reduction.
Mr. RAMSEY. My impression is that
$20,000 was the amount appropriated, but I
am not very certain about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair
will remind Senators that the pending question
is on the amendment to the fortieth line of the j
first section, which is to increase the appro-
priation for contingent expenses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That being an absolute
deficiency, I suppose there is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, I move further to
amend the bill by inserting after the appro-
priation for the Post Office Department these
items:
For temporary clerks for the quarter ending June
39. 1869,813,080. ^
For temporary clerks in the Post Office Depart-
ment, $34,006.
The last item is for the next fiscal year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator had
better strike down the amount of his last
appropriation. It is not consistent as it stands
now with the explanation given. The appropria-
tion here is more for the next year than has
been appropriated for this year. There has
been a reduction in the temporary clerks in
the Treasury Department, and I suppose there
may be in the Post Office Department. I do
not profess to know anything about it; the
Postmaster General is undoubtedly better in-
formed, but I think he can get along certainly
until the next session of Congress with $20,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. The $20.000appropriation
was clearly inadequate ; and he comes here for
a deficiency of $2u,000, being $13,000 for the
current quarter and $7,500 for the month of
March, and the latter sum is already in the
bill. Add the $20,000 originally appropriated
for the year, the $7,500 in the bill, and the
$13,000"for the current quarter, and you have
altogether over $40,000 for the year. It seems
that heretofore there have been in the employ-
ment of the Post Office Department as tempo-
rarv clerks forty-three at SI.200 per annum,
two at $900, and one at S720: and_thirty-six
female clerks at $000 and two at $720. being
eighty four temporary clerks in the emploj-
| ment of the Post Office Department, requiring
$7,500 to pay their salaries for the month of
March. That has been appropriated in the bill.
The l'ostnjaster General contemplates during
l this quarter—and but for the great pressure in
jt the contract office, growing out of the opening
!i of the bids at this time, would have done it
li already—to reduce this force t0 twenty-eight
male clerks at $1,200, two at $900) and one
at $720, and eighteen female clerks at $900,
and it would require $32,320 to pay these sal-
aries. I will modify my printed amendment
so as to make the appropriation $32,000
instead of $34,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make no objec-
tion to it on the statement made by the Post-
master General; but it is quite evident that
the other House has already had the matter
under consideration and has appropriated one
of the items for the month of iiareh.
Mr. RAMSEY. The communication went
to the House in the last moments of their
action on this bill, when there was great confu-
sion and no time for deliberation.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the
House committee came to me to have this put
in here, saying that it was omitted in the House
by an oversight.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection;
I merely want a full explanation for the benefit
of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inquire of the Senator from Minnesota
if the last item in his amendment is not in-
tended for the next year?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it
should be moved to another part of the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It should be in section
two, which contains appropriations for next
year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will be taken on the first amendment, to
insert:
For temporary clerks for the quarter ending 30th
June, 1869, $18,080.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator should
offer his other amendment to section two.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I put the prop-'
osition in this shape: to insert after line sixty-
two of section two:
' Post Office Department:
For temporary clerks in the Post Office Depart-
ment, $32,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I offer an amendment,
of which I gave notice, to come in after line
sixty-four of secfion two oti page 8:
For the completion of the walls and roof of the
main eentra! building of the Columbia Institution
for the Deaf and Dumb, in pursuance of appropri-
ations heretofore made by Congress, the construc-
tion of said building to be in accordance with plans
heretofore submitted to Congress, $29,750.
I send to the Clerk the statement of the
president of the institution.
ji The Chief Clerk read as follows :
j! "The walls of the building proposed to be roofed
ll in are now half up, and will suffer much from tho
!'i action of the elements if left uncovered during
' another winter. The amount proposed to be appro-
ii priated will provide for the roofing in ot the build-
u ing and its full protection from the weather. The
' building is one hundred and eighty by seventy feet,
and its early completion is very^important to the
proper care and condition of the inmates of the in-
stitution."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whomisthatsignedby?
Mr. PATTERSON. It was handed to me
by the president of the institution. I do not
know whether his name is put to it.
Mr. FESsENDEN. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. It has not been recom-
i mended by any Department, but simply comes
; from the president of the institution. It will
: be remembered that he made a communication
I at the beginning of this Congress, in which he
: reflected somewhat upon* Congress for its re-
! missness in completing this work, because Con-
gress had refused to make an apnropriatioti
: that he asked for the completion of the build-
ing. I do not think it is sufficient authority to
! authorize the continuance of the work that the
president of the institution communicates with
Congress and requests that tnis amendment
; be made. I hope it will not j>e a.l.>>v>«i. 1
think we have not sufficient information on tho
1 subject and we have no recommendation from
I any responsible quarter.
; Mr. PATTERSON. I do not know that I
!j feel any more interest in this subject than the
