TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
should. He says that the amendment comes
here without authority. I will say that a meet-
ing of the trustees of the institution was held,
of which I have the honor of being one,,and
it was recommended that this appropriation
should be made; and I come here with the
statement of the president of the institution,
•who asks that this may be done in accordance
with the wishes of the trustees of the institu-
tion. It makes no difference to me. We have
made appropriations heretofore; and the found-
ation of this building is laid; the walls are
fully up. At some time an appropriation must
be made sufficient to complete the building. It
makes but very little difference to the Treasury
whether it is done now or a year hence. It is
certain that the walls as they now stand will
suffer; the president tells me they will dete-
riorate to the extent of some five thousand dol-
lars probably if this appropriation is not made
and the walls completed and the whole cov-
ered in by a roof. I have no interest in the
matter further than other gentlemen, and move
the amendment because requested to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that I
think we should have some recommendation
from one of the heads of Departments on the
subject to show how this building has been
erected, and under what authority. I have
heard complaints that the institution has gone
on rather more largely than was intended by
Congress. I have only to repeat what I said
before, that I do not think it comes with suffi-
cient authority. I have great respect for my
honorable friend from Ne.w Hampshire, both
in his public capacity and as trustee of the
institution ; but the wish of the trustees is not,
in my judgment, quite enough to authorize an
appropriation of this sort. I know this sub-
ject was considered by the committee before;
my friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes} informs me
that the last Committee on Appropriations, of
which I was not a member, considered the
matter and rejected the proposition.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is so. We re-
membered it very well; we understood that the
late chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations in the House of Representatives opposed
every appropriation for this institution and
kept this item off the bill in the House. It
came here, and the bill passed late at night,
about twelve o'clock on the last night of the
session. The president of the institution thinks
this is a necessary appropriation to complete
this building. If gentlemen wish, however,
to reject it, be it so; I have no interest in it
further than others, and cave nothing about it
personally.
Mr. GRIMES. It is true this matter was
under consideration by the Committee on Ap-
propriations that ceased to exist on the 4th of
March, as were several other appropriations*
for this institution which had been left off by
the House of Representatives. The other prop-
ositions were accepted by the committee; but
this one was not agreed to; and from a con-
versation I had with the president of the insti-
tution I understood that they could get along
very_comfortaoly without this appropriation
provided we made an appropriation to cover a
deficiency in two or three other small items
that we did incorporate into that bill. It was
with that understanding that I voted then and
will vote now.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that that is true now. It is
not absolutely necessary to the keeping up of
the institution. The reason why this appro-
priation is asked for now is that the walls are
half completed and the building is suffering by
being exposed to the weather. The stones for
the completion of the building are lying there
by the side of the building, ready to be put up.
The contract is made, but there is no money
to pay for the completion of the building. If
it is thought best to let it stand there and make
an appropriation a year hence, after the build-
ing has suffered to the extent of some five
thousand dollars, it is no business of mine; I
care nothing about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I satisfied myself by a good
deal of conversation with different parties, the
Senator himself, and the president of this in-
stitution, that there was not a very great neces-
sity for this building being immediately com-
pleted. The truth is that the Government in
regard to this institution has done what a great
many individuals have done in their lifetime,
myself among the number I am willing to con-
fess—overbuilt. We have laid out too large a
plan. We have undertaken to build a building
larger than the necessities of the institution
require. Now, what shall we do? I am not
in favor of going on and expending $100,000
more in order to complete it at this time, when
our constituents are groaning under the bur-
dens imposed upon them in the shape of tax-
ation. I do not believe it will be injured 16
the extent of $1,000 by standing as it is for
another year; and if it were my individual
property I would rather cover over the walls
and let it stand for another year; and I pro-
pose to act in my capacity as a Senator exactly
as I would if I owned the building myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
The question being put, therp were on a
division—ayes 14, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. PATTERSON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me inquire does
this amendment come from the Committee on
the District of Columbia?
Mr. PATTERSON. No, sir; it does not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator offer
it on his own responsibility ?
Mr. PATTERSON. I supposed when the
Senate appointed me one of the trustees of
this institution that I could offer an amend-
ment in relation to it upon my own authority.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, to save time, I
raise the question of order. The amendment
comes from no committee, and therefore is
out of order. 1 supposed it came from a com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is not
too late to present the question of order, the
Chair is of the opinion that the amendment
does not come withiu the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A question of order is
always in order on an amendment of this kind.
Tlie rule is positive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot waive the
question of order. It is a positive rule of the
Senate. I supposed, of course, the Senator
would not offer it unless by authority of a com-
mittee. It is perfectly well known that an
amendment cannot be offered without the au-
thority of a committee. I therefore raise the
question of order. It is never too late to do
that when the fact is ascertained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the amendment does not
come within the rule. The question is now
raised for the first time, and it must be decided.
Mr. NYE. I gave notice of an amendment
that I intended to offer from the Committee on
Territories, to come in on page 7, after line
thirty-eight of section two; but I observe that
it would come in more properly after line
eighty of the same section, on page 9, as there
are two appropriations there for the salaries
of officers of Territories. The amendment is
to insert the following:
For the per diem and mileage of the members of
the territorial Assembly of the Territory of Wash-
ington at its second biennial session, which meets
on the first Monday in December, 1869. and for the
incidental expenses of the same, $12,000.
It escaped the attention of those having the
subject in charge heretofore that the Legisla-
ture meets on the 1st of December of this year,
and no appropriation has been made therefor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the amendment rec-
ommended by a committee?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir; by the Committee on
iemtones.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer an amend-
ment, which makes no appropriation of money
but simply authorizes a transfer. It is to insert
as an additional section the following:
And.be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, uuthonzed to make the neces-
sary transfers of appi opriation from military dis-
tricts having an excess of appropriations to carry
into effect the reconstruction laws to districts which
are or may be deficient in the amount necessary tc
carry into effect said laws.
This is a simple transfer from one district to
another. Some districts have an excess of
appropriation and in others the appropriations
are exhausted. The War Department desire
simply the power to transfer appropriations
from one district to another to carry out the
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It makes no additional
appropriation ?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to submit an
amendment to correct what I think is evidently
a mistake. On page 6, line fifteen of section
two, I move to strike out "1869" and to insert
" 1868." The Senator from Maine, if he will
look at that clause in relation to the salary of
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, will see
that the $1,500 appropriated there was in-
tended to commence from the 1st of July,
1868, instead of 1869, because the second
clause makes the appropriation for the next
fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to call up the
amendment that I submitted yesterday and
had referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, providing for an appropriation of
$25,000 to continue the work on the custom-
house at Astoria. I will state that it has not
been recommended by any committee, but is
recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It is to insert in the miscellaneous items
the following:
To continue the work on the custom-house at
Astoria, Oregon, $25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must raise the ques-
tion of order on my friend. I understand that
the amendment is not recommended by any
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is not recommended
by a committee, under the rule it must be in
pursuance of the estimate of the head of a
Department.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is. I have a letter
of the supervising architect of the Treasury
saying that this appropriation is necessary to
enable the work to proceed, and the Secretary
of the Treasury indorses his statement and
recommends this appropriation. Now, the
simple question is whether or not a specific
appropriation, a certain sum of money for a
given object, recommended by the head of a
Department, is not within the rule?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the papers read.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the reading of
the letters that. I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the following letters-.
Treasury Department,
Office op the Supervising Architect
April 6, 1809. '
Sir: In accordance with your instructions I have
examined the communication of Hon. George H
Williams in regard io the necessity for additional
appropriations tor the custom-house at Astoria
Oregon, and have to sny that the estimated cost of
the building is $o9,582 77. which is thelowestsum for
which it is believed a structure of sufficient capa-
city can beerected. I have just received a report
Irom the superintendent in regard to the nature of
the lot and foundations that renders it probable that
the Ioundations will involve an additional expendi-
ture over and above the amount of the estimates,
t"e lot being eight feet below the level of the streets
and the soil of such a nature as to require piling,
tu . L if.® circumstances 1 am of the opinion
that the public interests demand an appropriation
of not less than $25,000, to bo included in the de-
ficiency bill now before Congress, to enable the De-
partment to properly prosecute ihe work. I would
therefore strongly recommend that said amount bo
obtained in the bill if practicable.
Very respcetfully, A. B. MULLETT,
Superviaing Architect.
Hon. George S. Boutwell, Secretary of the Treasury.
