1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury Department, April 6,1869.
Sir: X hare the honor to inclose herewith a com-
munication from the supervising architect of this
Department in regard to an additional appropria-
tion for the custom-house building at Astoria, Ore-
gon, and to pay that after a careful examination of
the subject I fully concur with the views expressed
therein. The appropriation at present available is
inadequate lor the prosecution of the work, and
unless an additional amount is granted the com-
mencement of operations wilt be delayed until
another season.
If in the opinion of Congress it is expedient to
prosecute the work the present season an appropri-
ation of $25,000 should be made for the construction
of the building referred to in the bill now before
your committee making appropriations to complete
the service for the remainder of the present fiscal
year and for tbe year ending June 30, 1870.
V ery respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. William P. Pesbkxdbn. Chairman Committee
on Appropriations, United States Senate.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. I should like to have
the decision of the Chair on the question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
opinion of the Chair that the amendment is
within the rule; that it is recommended by
the head of a Department and estimated for by
the head of a Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to place
myself in the attitude of opposition to this
appropriation, if it is necessary, because my
views differ from those of some gentlemen in
relation to the subject of public buildings ;
but I will state that there has been an almost
uniform refusal to go on and make appropria-
tions for these public works this year. I wish
to ask the Senator whether this work is in the
process of being constructed at the present
time? What is being done upon it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that it is in
process of construction.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. How far has it pro-
gressed ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. It has not progressed
very far; I do not know exactly how far.
Twenty-five thousand dollars was appropri-
ated to commence with, and a lot has been
purchased and grading has gone on, as I under-
stand, upon the lot, and materials have been
procured. To what extent the work has been
prosecuted I am not able to say; but I know
they are prosecuting the work ; and itis stated
that they will have to stop the work during the
ensuing summer unless they have this addi-
tional appropriation to go on with it. That is
the information that I have on the subject. I
have not as specific information as to the
amount of work to be done as, perhaps, I
ought to have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is evident that the
building has not so far progressed that it will
deteriorate by delaying its prosecution. That
is the principle upon which two appropriations
have been put upon this bill. There were
three submitted to the committee by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Two of them were
put in on this consideration : the walls are
partly up, and if appropriations be not made
it will delay the completion of the work for a
year; and besides, there will be the deterio-
ration to the building ; both buildings must be
roofed over and delayed for another year, and
in the mean time heavy rents are being paid
for buildings. Now, this building is not in
that position. It has only been begun. The
foundation has been laid, as I understand it,
or something has been done to the foundation.
Mr. Mullett's recommendation is like that
which may be made in regard to many other
buildings in the country, and that is, that if
the work is to be prosecuted it will save a
year to make the appropriation now. That
was not thought to be a sufficient argument in
the other House in many cases; and it was
not thought to be a sufficient argument in the
case of the hospital at Chicago, about which
tliev were not so particular, and about which
there was not that pressing necessity. I am
apprehensive that if this amendment is put on
the bill by the Senate it will be impossible to
get the other House to agree to it on the prin-
ciple that they have adopted. As the building
has progressed no further than is stated by tlie
honorable Senator, I think it unwise to raise
the question. I should think the Senator had
better not attempt to put it on this bill.
My own views are that public buildings are
absolutely necessary to the Government, and
where they have been begun they must be
completed, as a general rule, wherever they
may be necessary ; but there is a very strong
feeling in the House against acting any further
at the present time with regard to these public
buildings than is absolutely necessary for the
completion of the buildings themselves to pro-
tect them from being injured, and only those
buildings which are absolutely necessary for the
occupation of the Government. Having con-
sented to put two appropriations somewhat
like this on the bill, of course I :ay this with
reluctance, and I only say it because this
building differs in its circumstances entirely
from those. No harm can be done by letting
it stand over another year, for it has not got to
a poiDt where leaving it would create anything
but delay.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not know that any
such point as this would be made as to the
appropriation; but I am apprehensive that
contracts have been made and arrangements
entered into for the construction of this build-
ing during the ensuing summer, and that the
parties who have made their arrangements to
go on with the work will suffer loss if they are
not supplied with the necessary means for the
prosecution of the work. I find that there are
two appropriations in the bill, one "for con-
struction of custom-house at Portland, Maine,
§>70,000." There is an appropriation for the
construction of a custom-house—not for re-
pairs, not for completion, but for tbe construc-
tion of a custom-house.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I stated, tbe differ-
ence is that that building is half way up, and
it is now covered over, and unless an appro-
priation is made the result necessarily is that
it has got to remain so for another year, half
completed. If it was only the foundation up,
it would stand, perhaps, astheSenator'sprop-
osition does.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There appears to be s
necessity for the construction of this custom-
house at Astoria, as there is no such building
in the State of Oregon, and the business there
is very largely increasing. It seems to me that
if Congress intend to provide a custom-house
for that State for the mouth of Columbia river,
where there is a largely increasing trade, they
might as well give §25,000 now and let the
work go on as to stop and let the work go
back into the ground for a year and then com-
mence anew. That would be a loss to the
Government. Either the work had better be
progressed with now or it had better be aban-
doned, as it seems to me, and not pat off for
a year, and probably lose all that has already
been done, and then commence anew. I think
there are many peculiar reasons why this ap-
propriation should be inserted in the bill. Of
course, if the House strikes it out it cannot be
helped.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to read an
extract from Mr. Mullett's report of this year
to Congress, which shows the exact condition
of the building at the time the report was made:
,f Custom-house, Astoria. Oregon.—An entire block,
represented to be one of thebest m the city, ha? been
purchased as asite, for thesum ot'$S,000. Plans and
specifications, with full instructions, have been for-
warded to the superintendent, and all necessary steps
taken to commence work immediatelyon thecession
of jurisdiction over the property by the State of
Oregon, as required by the act approved foeptcmbcr
11,1841."
Until that is done no further steps can be
taken.
Mr. WILLTAMS. ' That has been done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that has
been done this winter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Last September.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. ^ Nothing
of course could be done in the way of building
between that time and the opening of spring:
"The building will be sixty by forty-five feet," &a.
It appears that we purchased a block for a
site; the jurisdiction has been ceded, and plans
and specifications have been forwarded. That
is all that has been done. Therefore, the work
has not been commenced, and I tell the Sena-
tor that it will be utterly impossible in the pres-
ent «tate of things to get an appropriation ia
the House of Representatives to begin a work
which is no further advanced than that, because
they have been repeatedly refused.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to offer an amendment
to insert after line one hundred and seventeen
of section one, on page 0, the following:
For improvement of St. Clair flats. Lake St. Clair.
$159,000.
For improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river, $50,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would bring it
within the deficiencies of the present year. I
presume that is not the Senator's intention.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; that is a de-
ficiency for the present year.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce if
this is the only river and harbor bill that we
are to get ?
Mr. CHANDLER. This is the only one
that I am directed to offer. The contract has
been let in this case, and this appropriation
finishes the work. This proposition was placed
by the Senate on the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill at the last session.
Mr. RAMSEY. Are there to be no further
appropriations for the western and northern
rivers ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing bill will be laid aside informally to enable
the Chair to receive a message from the House
of Representatives.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 123) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes, and had agreed to other amend-
ments of the Senate with amendments; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution of the Senate with amendments; in
! which it requested the concurrence of the
j Senate:
j A bill (S. No. 11) to renew certain grants
',! of land to the State of Alabama; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) in relation
to the Burlington and Missouri River railroad
branch of the Union Pacific railroad.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 325) to repeal the
first section of an act relating to appeals to the
Supreme Court; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
burlington and missouri ritek road.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate by general
consent to take up and concur in an amend-
ment just received from the House to Senate
joint resolution No. 29.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the pending* bill will be tempo-
rarily laid aside for that purpose. The Chair
hears no objection.
The Senate proceeded to considerthe amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution ^S. R. No. 29) in relation to
the Burlington and Missouri River railroad
branch of the Union Pacific railroad.
The Chief Clerk. . The amendment of the
House of Representatives is to strike out all
after the word ''contained" in the twelfth
il ^"mV. EDMUNDS. Let us hear what those
li words are that are proposed to be stricken out.
