§82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
The Chief Clerk. The words to be stricken
out are as follows
With the additional right to-change tho located
line otsdid road so as to connect with the said Union
Pacific ro.id at any point east of the one hundredth
meridian of west longitude."
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it strikes out anything
in relation to grants it is better than it'was
before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves that the Senate concur
in this amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
ItAILItOADS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. FOWLER. With the permission of the
Senator from Alabama, I move that the Sen-
ate' concur in the amendments just returned
from the House to Senate bill No. 11.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
11) to rteew certain grants of land to the State
of Alabama.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments, which
were in section one line three, after the word
'' that'' to insert the words " so much of the j"
in line seven, after the word "State" to insert
the words il as were granted in lines thir-
teen and fourteen to strike out the words '' for
the use and benefit of the Alabama and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company ;"'and also to add
to the first section the following proviso:
Provided, Thatthelandsgrantedby theact hereby
revived, except mineral lands, shall bo sold to actual
settlers only, in quantities not greater than one
quarter section to one purchaser, and for a price not
exoeeding $2 60 per acre.
Mr. FOWLER. I movethatihe Senate con-
cur in those amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. There appear to be sev-
eral amendments there, and 1 do not under-
stand the effect of them.
Mr. F'ESSENDEN. If there is to be any
debate on the subject I prefer that we should
go on with the deficiency bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like this bill to
lie over until 1 can examine it and see what
these amendments are.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. If it is ob-
jected to the hill will lie oil the table.
Mr. WARNER. I hope the amendments
will be concuired in.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ala-
bama, who is a member of the Committee on
Public Lands, has examined the amendments
and says they are all right I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. WARNER. I have examined them,
and I hope the Senate will concur in them.
They ure amendments in the way of protect-
ing I he settlers. They are in the iuterest of
the Government and the settlers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to debate. If
the matter requires any explanation I hope it
will be laid mi the table.
Mr. FOWLER. It will lead to no debate.
Mr. F'ESSENDEN. SeveralSenators object
to it.
Mr. FOWLER. The objection is withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to look at it.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. The Senator from Ver-
mont wishes to look at it. I hope it will be
laid on the table.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie on the table for the present, objection being
made.
Subsequently the amendments were con-
curred in.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No; 354) making appropriations and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of Government for the fiscal years ending
JuncoO, 1869, andJnne 30,1870, and for other
purposes; the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Ch.vxdlek, to insert after
line one hundred and seventeen of section one,
on pugu (j, the following:
For itni'iovomcut of St.. Clair fiats, Lake St. Olair,
SISSOTO.
For improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river, $50,000.
Mr. MORTON. I must object, so far as I
am concerned, to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Michigan to this bill, coming
in the form it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senator
proceeds allow me to inquire does this amend-
mentcomefrom the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. CHANDLER. It does, by a unanimous
vote of the committee.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment may be
proper in itself; I do not know enough about
the subject to giveanvopinion upon that point;
but I think I know that there are other im-
provements on rivers required quite as much,
and more than that, for which that committee
proposes no appropriation whatever. The Sen-
ate decided at the last session in favor of an
appropriation of $450,000 to continue the work
around the falls of the Ohio at Louisville—a
matter of very great importanee to the com-
merce of the western rivers—and also to make
an appropriation, I believe, of some eight or
nine hundred thousand dollars to carry on the
work for the completion of a canal around'the
Des Moines rapids in the Mississippi river. I
understand that the House of Representatives
have passed a river and harbor bill appropria-
ting a certain amount in gross to be applied to
the continuation of certain works.
Mr. SCHURZ. It has not passed yet.
Mr. MORTON. I am advised, however,
that that bill has not yet passed the House.
But I am very certain that this appropriation
for that purpose should not be singled out from
others that are equally important, and, I think,
much more important. I know of no reason
why the Committee on Commerce should select
the improvement of the St. Clair flats, and ask
an appropriation to be made for that, while
they neglect to ask any appropriation for the
continuation of the work around the falls of the
Ohio river at Louisville, or around the rapids
of the Mississippi at Des Moines. Certainly, in
point of value to the commerce of the country,
the work around the falls of the Ohio river, at
Louisville, is not second in importance to any
other that can be mentioned. The Senate de-
cided by a large vote at the last session in favor
of an appropriation for that purpose ; but the
bill was recommitted, and I believe was never
afterward reported back; at least no action
was taken ou it afterward.
The work at the falls of the Ohio is stopped,
and I believe the work will stop around the
Des Moines rapids on the Mississippi unless
an appropriation shall be made. But the work
at Louisville is suspended. 1 see no propriety
in taking up an appropriation for a particular
improvement by itself and leaving out others
equally important. There ought to have been
others presented along with it which are of
equal value. That would give far more satis-
faction to the country than to pick one out
on our northern border, and leave the others
totally unprovided for.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator alludes to
a bill which was recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce at the last session. That bill
was reported back, and I tried a dozen times
to get it tip for action, but failed. The Senator
from Indiana defeated it. He alone is re-
sponsible for our having no appropriations for
our rivers and harbors.
But with regard to this appropriation for the
St. Clair flats, the whole work was contracted
for two years ago, by law, for the sum of
$428,000. The Committee on Commerce au-
thorized me to place the whole amount on the
miscellaneous appropriation bill, and it should
have gone on there. There are three or four
channels of commerce that do not come under
any general head. There is the harbor of New
York. We always put anything requisite for
that on the general appropriation bill. There
is the mouth of the Mississippi river, and then
there ar? the St. Clair flats. Those are three
great channels of communication. By law
this contract was let, not in part, not in sec-
tions, but in whole to a siogle'contraetor; and
the' sum named in this amendment covers
the whole amount, and the Senate will never
again hear the words "St. Clair flats" from
my mouth, I think, after this appropriation is
made.
Sir, the State of Indiana has about ten times
the interest in the St. Clair flats that the State
of Michigan has to-day. There is not a State
in the Northwest that has so little interest, as
the State of Michigan in this great national
improvement. In 1858 1 succeeded in getting
an appropriation of $100,000 for the improve-
ment of those flats. With that appropriation
a channel was cut—a very crooked and tortu-
ous channel ; but that appropriation of $100,000
has saved the commerce of the lakes $500,000
a year for the last ten years, or more than
five million dollars. This little appropriation
of $159,000 will save the commerce of the
lakes and will save the commerce of the State
that the Senator represents more than one
million dollars a year for all time to come. If
the work is continued the channel will be
opened on the 1st of October. This work is
different from all others. The only regret I
have is that it ever went into any river and
harbor bill; that I did not two years ago place
it, as 1 was authorized and instructed to do,
upon the general appropriation bill.
It is not necessary for me to allude to the
improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river, for everybody knows the importance of
that.
The commerce over the St. Clair flits is
to-day greater than that of the harbor of New
York. It is a national work. New England
has a greater interest that Michigan hasin that
work. Why, sir, we have three lines of rail-
road running through from lake to lake in the
State of Michigan, and all landing below the
St. Clair flats. Michigan has a less interest in
this work than any other western State. The
State of Minnesota has a greater interest in it
than Michigan has. It is a national work. It
is a work that your State, sir, [Mr. IIowe in
the chair,] has ten times more interest in than
the State of Michigan has, and so has every
other State in this Union. It is a great national
highway. When a ship was sunk in the harbor
of New York a few years ago, obstructing that
harbor, an appropriation was instantly placed
on the general appropriation bill for its re-
moval. We did not wait for any river and
harbor bill. But, sir, this is even more im-
portant than that. I hope the amendment will
be adopted, and you will never hear again from
me in this body, I think, the words " St. Clair
flats." This appropriation ends it.
Mr. MORfON. The Senator said I was
responsible for the defeat of the river and
harbor bill at the last session. I know not
upon what authority the Senator makes that
statement. I favored an appropriation for the
continuation of the work on the canal around
the falls of the Ohio at Louisville, and the
Senate sustained the proposition ; but the Sen-
ator from Michigan was unfavorable to it, and
the bill, at the end of a long discussion, and
in a thin Senate, as I understand, was recom-
mitted. It got back here I suppose, although
I dwl not remember it until just now, at a late
period in the session, with the appropriation
stricken out, in chief part, that the Senate had
resolved altera long discussion to put in. So
far as I am responsible for the defeat of the
bill, it consists simply in this: that I favored
an appropriation by my vote that the chair-
man of the committee was unfriendly to.
_ Inow, Mr. President, the commerce that is
interested in the improvement of the falls of
the Ohio is equal, and I will say superior, to
that which passes across the St. Clair flats;
the comparative obstruction now to navigation
around the falls of the Ohio is greater than the
present obstruction across the St. Clair flats;
and the present necessity for the improvement
of the river is greater than the present neces-
sity for the improvement of the St. Clair flats.
The work around the fails of the Ohio is sus-
pended for the want of an appropriation. If
there is propriety in any point of view in making
