1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an appropriation now for the St. Clair flats
there is an equal propriety in making an appro-
priation to continue the work around the falls
of the Ohio river, in which all the southern and
western States are interested. Therefore I will
move, if it is in order, to amend the amend-
ment by proposing an equal appropriation of
SloO.OOO for the continuation of the work on
the canal around the falls of the Ohio river at
Louisville. I offer that as an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would not be in
order. No appropriation can be moved with-
out coming from a committee. The appro-
priation for the St. Clair flats came from a
committee, and notice was given ol it under
the rule. No amendment asking another
appropriation would be in order.
Sir. DAVIS. If the honorable Senator will
yield to me I will send up an amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the end of the first para-
graph the following:
For continuing the work of enlarging the canal
around the falls of the Ohio, at Louisville, $250,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must make the point
of order on that amendment. I think it is
clearly inadmissible under the rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the amendment is not in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. For what reason?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Because it
increases an appropriation, and the Chair un-
derstands that it has not been recommended
by a committee nor by the head of a Depart-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And no notice has been
given of it. The rule requires that one day's
notice shall be given of an amendment to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORTON. If the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky is not in order I think
the other should be voted down. There is no
justice in picking out a particular work on the
part of the Committee on Commerce and leav-
ing all the rest unprovided for. If it is right
and proper now to leave the others to be pro-
vided for by a future river and harbor bill, if
we shall ever have one again, it its right to leave
that work. I am sure that in point of import-
ance and in point of necessity the improve-
ment of the falls of the Ohio river is ahead of
the improvement of the St. Clair flats. The
present necessity is greater. The work has
been commenced, and is now suspended for
want of money. When the Committee on Com-
merce come forward and propose an appropri-
ation for one work they should not at least
overlook others of equal importance. In this
way this work can be provided for while the
others are left to languish.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not
suppose that the Committee on Commerce
have any disposition to select one particular
work to the prejudice of another to which it
shall make appropriations. But I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to one simple state-
ment of fact. The contract for finishing the
improvement upon the St. Clair flats was let
several years ago. and the whole of it. The
whole work was put under contract for a cer-
tain sum mentioned in the contract; and the
contractor, a very industrious and very skillful
gentleman, has been at work upon this im-
provement ever since the contract was let to
him. He has acted most energetically, eco-
nomically, and carefully, and now I am cred-
ibly informed that the work itself will be com-
pleted by about the 1st of October next. In
order to pay him for the work when it shall
thua have been completed it is necessary to
appropriate the amount mentioned in this
amendment. I appeal to the Senator from
Indiana whether it would be fair for us to with-
hold from that contractorthe amount of money
which will thus be his due upon the finishing
of the work? I know that he would not say
so. This is not the case in regard to the im-
provement on the Ohio river. There is no
contract at all outstanding for that improve-
ment, nor do I know of another single work
in the exact condition of this to which I have
alluded, the St. Clair flats.
The simple question is this: shall we fulfill
the agreement which we have already made
by paying the balance to the contractor when i
he has finished the work ? It does seem to me i
there can be no hesitation about it. It is a ;
plain, simple debt which we shall owe to the j
contractor when he has finished the job. And
as ray colleague has very justly observed, after
that work is done and accepted, as it undoubt-
edly will be by about the 1st of October, the j
Senate will hear nothing more, I think, about j
the improvement of the St. Clair flats. j
The work, so far as it is completed, is a very ;
fine one, and reflects great credit, indeed, both ;
upon the contractor and the engineer in whose !
charge it is. It will save to the pockets of men
engaged in commerce and navigation a very
large amount every year which they would
otherwise be obliged to pay for tugs to navigate
their crafts across those flats where the navi-
gation is so dangerous and obstructions are so
frequent. I hope there will be no hesitation
in paying this debt.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan furthest from me, the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, £Mr. Chaxd-
lek,]'says give him what he wants and he will
never prouounce "St. Clair flats" again on
this floor. I will make a similar proposition.
Give us what we want in relation to the improve-
ment of the Ohio river at the falls of Louis-
ville, and we will be equally dumb on that sub-
ject. [Laughter.] But the honorable Sen- j
ator is very modest, to be sure. Give him all !
he asks and he will ask for no more !
Mr. President, this subject was before the
Senate a month ago, and it was debated most j
extensively and exhaustively. A proposition
for continuing the work of enlarging the canal
at Louisville and enlarging the locks, and also ;
purchasing out the private stock and making
the canal free to all the navigatorsof the river,
was debated at great length, and the appropria-
tions for both those objects were sustained by
the Senate in two or three votes. Then the
honorable Senator from Michigan, the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, I believe
moved to refer the-bill back to that committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I did not make
that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg the Senator's pardon.
The motion was made, though, by some oppo-
nent of the appropriations for improving the
navigation of the Ohio river at the falls of
Louisville. It was made, if I recollect aright,
late at night when there was a thin Senate,
fewer members present than had voted upon
the question whether the appropriation as con-
tained in the bill from the House should be
retained or not, and the subject was; recom-
mitted to that committee. Sir, I ask if the com-
mittees of the Senate are organized for the
purpose of suppressing and preventing the de-
cisions of the Senate from prevailing, or are
they organized for the purpose of carrying them
out? This whole battle was fought. It was
fought extensively and thoroughly over the
whole field. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Commerce and his colleague, I
, believe, both resisted stubbornly and with
j ability the appropriationforimprovingthe navi-
i gatioti of the Ohio river at the falls ; but their
! opposition was overruled by the Senate, and
the Senate fully sustained the proper and wise
proposition to appropriate the mouey to com-
plete that work.
The honorable Senator from Michigan, the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
says, and so does his colleague, that there is a
contract to clear out the St. Clair flats. No
doubt there is. There is a contract, too, as I
understand, to enlarge the Louisville canal,
and to enlarge the locks of that canal, and
that work has progressed now until it is two
thirds or more completed. flic object of the
appropriation adopted at the last session was
to have the work completed, and to hare the
benefit of that enlarged and commodious nav-
igation around- the falls open to all the com-
merce of that river. Is not that reasonable ?
Is it not statesmanlike ? Why did not the Com-
mittee on Commerce acknowledge the sense
and the judgment of the Senate in relation to
that proposition? Why did they not report back
the hill with the amount which the Senate had
said, after debate, by repeated votes should
be appropriated to the improvement of the
Ohio river at the falls? Why has this subject
been permitted to slumber fer a month, and
why is it now called up, totally ignoring the
appropriation for the improvement of the Ohio
river, and a distinct proposition presented by
the chairman of the committee for the im-
provement of the St. Clair flats? That is not
just nor reciprocal legislation. It is no ac-
knowledgment, but it is an evasion and an
opposition to the deliberate judgment of the
Senate in relation to the subject of the improve-
ment of the Ohio river ; and the Senate ought
not to submit to have its judgment and decision
suppressed and overslaughed in that style.
1 am friendly to the completion of the im-
provement at the St. Clair flats ; but with that
let the honorable Senators from Michigan sus-
tain appropriations to complete the improve-
ments at the falls of the Ohio and at the falls
of the Des Moines in the Mississippi. That
work is also in progress. There have been
heretofore large appropriations made and ap-
plied to its completion and its construction. It
is a work of as much magnitude and as much
national importance as the improvement of the
St. Clair flats. The improvement of the Ohio
river at the present time is of infinitely more
importance than the removal of the obstruc-
tions to the St, Clair flats and the falls of the
Des Moines in the Mississippi river. The amount
of commerce, the number of people and of
States, and the value of the trade that would
be facilitated by the completion of this improve-
ment at the falls of the Ohio was elaborately
presented to the Senate in the former debate ;
but after that debate has passed for a month
out of the mind of the Senate, it is not just or
fair or statesmanlike legislation now, at the
end of the session, to call up the isolated im-
provement of the St. Clair flats, ignoring entirely
the improvements at the falls of the Ohio and
the falls of the Des Moines in the Mississippi
river.
The subject ought to be referred back now
to the Committee on Commerce with instruc-
tions, peremptory and absolute, to make an
appropriation to complete the improvemeiU of
the St. Clair flats, to aid properly the contin-
uation of the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids in the Mississippi river, and also the
continuance of the work of enlarging the canal
and the locks at Louisville for the improve-
ment of the Ohio river. These works are all
of a national character, important to the inter-
ests of the nation, directly important to the
commerce of many of the States. They ought
to be grouped together. One would add
strength to the other. The three would com-
bine an amount of force and strength that
would command the approval of the Senate.
I will not interfere with the bill under consid-
eration, but I trust that the proposition of the
honorable Senator from Michigan for an ap-
propriation for his isolated work will be voted
down, and that these three subjects will be
reported by propositions for appropriate sums
of money to complete or to carry on the work
toward completion of the. improvements.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are two items
in this amendment. Are they offered as one
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands them to be one amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for a division of
the question so that they can be acted upon
separateiv. _ ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Iheamend-
ment is divisible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I must
object to these amendments being put upon
this bill. They are a part of the system of
internal improvements and generally come in
