584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
a bill by-themselves and have been so consid-
ered. Tlie Senate has already seen the diffi-
culty of moving appropriations of this kind on
a hill of this description from the feeling it has
excited among gentlemen that these two items
have been picked out and put on the bill. I
do.not propose to make a speech upon the
question, but I propose to dividethe Senate
and see whether the Senate is "willing to begin
this system here. I think it would be very
objectionable. proposition belongs to an-
other bill, and it ought not to be placed upon
this deficiency bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the first clause of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Michigan, to insert
after line one hundred and seventeen of sec-
tion one:
For improvement of St. Clair flats, Lake St. Clair,
$159*000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. The adoption of this amend-
ment will simply recognize the right of the
Committee on Commerce to control the whole
question of the improvement of rivers and har-
bors in this country so far as Congress is con-
cerned. That committee at the commencement
of the last Congress reported a bill to the Sen-
ate which they believed the public interests
required should be passed into a law. After
it had been considered and had met the ap-
proval, as amended, of nearly the entire body,
or at least a majority of it, it was recommitted
to that committee. It was never returned to
the Senate for its action.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator is mis-
taken. It was promptly reported back.
Mr. GRIMES. If it was reported back the
fact escaped my notice; but the Senator and
his committee never called it to the attention
of the Senate, so far as I know.
Mr. CHANDLE'R. More than twenty times
I called it to the attention of the Senate and
pressed it.
Mr. GRIMES. All the Senators around me
say that it is news to them that the Senator
and his committee attempted to get it up the
second time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I called it up many,
many times.
Mr. GRIMES. In that bill were propositions
that met the approval of the Senate, aud among
them were some in which my constituents are
directly interested ; some of them in relation
to the improvement of the navigation of the
Des Moines river and other important streams,
almostas important as the St. Clair flats. Those
propositions are suffered to slumber; but one
particular proposition for a work in the State
which the chairman has the honor to repre-
sent on this floor is reported to us, and the
Senate is permitted to vote upon that and upon
no other proposition that was included in that
general bill, because there is no other prop-
osition coining from the Committee on Com-
merce, of which he happens to be chairman,
and all other propositions must necessarily be
ruled out under the rules of the Senate. 1 say
that is not fair; it is not in accordance with
the judgment of the Senator himself and his
committee as it was expressed to the Senate
at the last session.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, this very amendment was reported and
votedunanimouslyon the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill at the last session.
_ Mr. GRIMES. That was not a deficiency
bill; and I was not aware that it was so voted
upon ; but that does not militate at all against
the position that I take. If the Senator will
include other important propositions as im-
portant, in my judgment, as this is I will be
perfectly content that this amendment shall go
on ; but I am unwilling that one or two partic-
ular propositions phall be selected out of that
whole bill, embracing several hundred prob-
ably, and advantage given to them over and
above all others.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senatorwill show
me a case where a contract has been let and
the work completed like this it would prob-
ably belong on this deficiency bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I can show the Senator two
on the Mississippi river between Illinois and
Iowa, the Des Moines rapids and the Rock
river rapids, in relation to which I happen to
be cognizant of the fact. My colleague knows
the fact as well as myself.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan;
but if it is to be adopted I wish to amend it.
I wish to have an appropriation made for a
breakwater at Block Island, _ which is more
important than anyappropriation thathas been
proposed for any improvement upon the inland
waters or upon the ocean.
Mr. GRIMES. A harbor of refuge.
Mr. ANTHONY. A harbor of refuge—a
place where more than two hundred vessels
pass daily. Now, sir, if we are going into
general river and harbor appropriations I have
no objection ; but if we are to select out two
or three from the others I shall oppose such a
course of action.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Brownlow, Chandler, Howard,
Howe, McDonald Morrill, Sehurz, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, and Yates—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Antbony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Oasserty, Conklin?. Davis, Edmunds, Fessen-
den, Fowler, Grimes. Hamilton, Hamlin. Harlan,
Harris, McCreery, Morton. Norton, Nye, Patterson,
Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Sherman,
Stockton.Tipton, Warner, Willey, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs.Buckingham, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Cattell, Cole, Corbett, Uragin, Drake, Fenton,
Ferry, Gilbert, Kellogg, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ramsey, Salisbury, Sprague, Thayer, Thurman,
Trumbull, Viekers, and Williams—23.
So the first branch of the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The second
branch of the amendment will now be re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk. It is—
For improvement of the mouth of the Mississippi
river, $50,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL. Is an amendment now in
order to add a section to the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ttis.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add a section,
and I will first explain it. In 1862 Con-
gress 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Vermont send his amendment
to the desk that it may be reported ?
Mr. MORRILL. The same amendment
passed the Senate at the last session unan-
imously.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enacted, That an act entitled "An
act to amend the charter of the Washington Gas-
LightCompany," approved January 30,1865, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL. In 1862 Congress passed
in an appropriation bill a clause by which this
gas-light company was prohibited from tak-
ing more than twenty-eight cents per hundred
cubic feet for gas furnished to the Government
and thirty cents for that furnished to all other
customers. In 18G5, when the navigation of
the Potomac was interrupted, and when the
canal and railroads to the coal regions were
interrupted and the prices of labor very high,
Congress raised the price so that the company
might charge four dollars per one thousand
feet. The amount of gas consumed by the
Government in all its public buildings is such
as to yield the company over one hundred
thousand dollars a year, and we are unques-
tionably paying about twice as much as we
ought to pay in order to give a remunerative
compensation to the gas-light company. "What
I desire is simply to restore the law as it ex-
isted prior- to 1865. I take it that to that no
gentleman who understands the matter would
object.
At the time this last law was passed the price
of coal had gone tpa very enormous rate in con-
sequence of the obstruction to the navigation
and of the various means of communicating
with this city, and it was some twelve, fourteen,
or fifteen dollars a ton. It is now down about
to its normal condition, and there is no reason
in the world why we should be paying these
extravagant rates. I understand, indeed, that
the company have conscience enough to take a
little less than they are allowed to take by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I move an amendment, to be
inserted after the sixth section of the bill :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
lawful to print the public laws and treaties of the
United States in four newspapers published in North
Carolina, to be selected in conformity with existing
laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment goes
further than the amendment proposed by a col-
league of the Senator in the House of Repre-
sentatives. He is satisfied with three newpapers
instead of four, and so also his colleague on
this floor has suggested that.
Mr. ABBOTT. My colleague did not intro-
duce any amendment at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know ; but I say to
the Senator that his colleague showed me an
amendment similar to that, for the same pur-
pose, fixing three newspapers; and one of his
colleagues in the House came to me with an
amendment, drawn to the same effect, which
says " three newspapers."
Mr. ABBOTT. It so happens that" three"
satisfies him and '• four" satisfies me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. Then, as
the State of North Carolina is not convinced
as to how many are necessary, I think the bet-
ter way would be to oppose the whole. Th%
Senator's c#lleagues ask one in addition to
what the other States have, and he asks two
in addition to what other States have. As his
colleagues do not seem to think four are neces-
sary, I really hope he will amend his amend-
ment and reduce the number to three.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will modify it to read
"three newspapers."
Mr FESSENDEN. Now, I should like to
hear what the reasons for the proposition are.
1 cannot agree to its being passed without hear-
ing some reason for it, at any rate.
Mr. ABBOTT. I will state the reason in
brief. The State is a large State, being five
hundred miles from one corner of it to the
other, and the country is sparsely populated.
The newspapers have a very limited circula-
tion. Now the laws are printed in one news-
paper away beyond the Blue Ridge, and in
another at. Raleigh. This proposes to print
the laws in an additional newspaper, at New-
bern or Wilmington. The papers to whom the
printing of thelaws is given have receutly been
started, and have a circulation in their imme-
diate localities.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see how this
argument applies to North Carolina more than
to any other State. A law was passed a few
years since—I do not know but that it is in
force now—allowing in the States that bad
lately been in rebellion a larger number of
newspapers to publish the laws than were al-
lowed in the other States. I think that the
time has come when the Government can with
very great propriety give up the publication of
the laws in any of the newspapers. I do not
believe that anybody really gets the laws from
the papers. When the Government was first
established, that was the only means of com-
municating with the people. Now we publish
the laws in various shapes. In the first place
there is an edition for the legal profession, and
in that way it reaches everybody practically.
Then we publish an edition by Congress of
which I think we print four or five thousand
for the House and three thousand for the Sen-
ate. I do not believe that the laws ever reach
those people who wish to know what Congress
has enacted through the newspapers; and
although the price paid is very low, indeed not
enough to make it an object for any paper to
publish them, I think it is a great waste of the
public money to print in two or three hundred
papers all our Indian appropriations-, so much
