1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the Chickasaws, and so much for the Kick-
apoos, and so much for the Shoshones, &c.
We had a statute passed here to print in all
the southern papers the laws of two years back
at one time, all the Indian appropriation bills,
and all the other appropriation bills. It was
just giving so much money to those news-
papers, and it is the most foolish expenditure
that is ever made to give money to a news-
paper. I know something about that business,
and a newspaper that cannot support itself is
of no use to anybody else. It is precisely like
a team that cannot draw its own provender.
I see no reason why we require in North Caro-
lina more newspapers in which to publish our
laws than in the other States. I see no reason
why we cannot dispense with this publication,
and it is my intention at the next session to
introduce a bill, with some other reforms, to
abolish the publication of the laws in the news-
papers altogether.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 8, after line forty-
nine of section two:
For twenty-one clerks, class two, in the Patent
Office, at $1,400 each, 529,400.
For fourteen clerks, class one, in the Patent Office,
at $1,200 each, S16.800.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that come from
the Committee on Patents?
Mr. WILLEY. Itdoesnot. It is anamend-
ment of which I gave notice to the Senate
yesterday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it come from the
Department?
Mr. WILLEY. It is offered on the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of Patents,
not of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that hardly
comes within the rule; and I shall be obliged
to object to it if it does not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine make a point of order on the
amendment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am obliged to do
so, because the rule is a positive rule of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine makes a point of order on this amend-
ment that it does not come from a standing or
select committee, and is not according to the
estimate of the head of a Department.
Mr. WILLEY. I understand the rule. If
the Senator objects to the amendment, of course
it is out of order. I merely desire to state in
extenuation of my action, being aware of the
rule, that this bill was only reported yesterday
and we could have no meeting of our commit-
tee to consider this subject; and being fully
conscious of the increased necessity for this
supply of force to the Patent Office I taxed
the courtesy of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish the Senator to
understand that I make the objection reluc-
tantly. I am satisfied if the Senate will unan-
imously agree to let this amendment go on
the bill. In that case I have no objection
to waiving the point. I make it because, as
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, I feel obliged to call attention to the rule
of the Senate, and I do it invariably without
exception in any case ; but if this amendment
could be received by unanimous consent, I
have no objection, because I am satisfied that
more aid is needed to some extent in the
Patent Office.
Mr. TllUMBULL. There is no objection;
let it go on by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine states that he will waive the point
of order if there is unanimous consent to the
reception and adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from \Vest Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
an explanation of it from the Senator from
West Virginia.
Mr. GRIMES. So should I.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the right to object is reserved.
Mr. WILLEY. This is restoring the force
of clerks in the Patent Office precisely to what
it was prior to the passage of the act of last
session. The act of the last session reduced
the number of clerks of class two, twenty-one;
it reduced the number of class one, fourteen.
After full and careful conference with the
Commissioner of Patents he satisfied me, as
he will be able to satisfy any Senator who will
take the trouble of conferring with him, that
it will be impossible to keep up the business
of the office without additional force, without
restoring the force in these respect to the same
condition and strength it was in prior to the
act of last session reducing it.
The Commissioner has furnished me with
some facts. Take the fourth quarter of 1868.
The total receipts of the office for that quarter
were $148,840. Takethe corresponding quar-
ter of 1869 and the total receipts of the office
were ยง180,926 91, thirty odd thousand dollars
more than the corresponding quarter of the
year before. The applications filed in the
last few months were: in October, 1,490; in
November, 1,444; in December, 1,449; in
January, 1,697; in February, 1,811; in March,
1,927; and there were granted in March last
1,309 patents.
The Commissioner informs me that it will be
utterly impossible to keep the business np to
the demands of the inventive portion of our
people unless the force is restored to what it
was during the last year. It has been reduced
in other respects very materially. I have only
ventured to ask that the force shall be restored
in these essential particulars, these clerks upon
whom the main business of the department
depends ; and inasmuch as I am assured by the
Commissioner of Patents that if this force be
given to him he will pay, after satisfying all the
expenses of the office, at the end of the next
year $150,000 into the Treasury ; inasmuch as
this amendment will not tax the Treasury one
cent, but will enable the department to put
more money into the Treasury than it other-
wise would, I respectfully ask the Senate to
give the Commissioner this additional force
which he asks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the acceptance and adoption of this
amendment? The Chair hears none, and the
amendment is incorporated in the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. I offer an amendment
to come in on page 4, after line seveuty-one of
section one, as a proviso to the appropriation
for the Committee on Retrenchment:
Provided. That the said appropriation shall be
drawn irom the Treasury on the order of the Secre-
tary of the Senate, and disbursed under and subject
in all respects to the provisions of the joint resolution j
of January 22,1867.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOWLER. After line one hundred and
seventeen of section one, on page 6, I move
to iusert:
For this amount, to pay the necessary expenses of
transporting annuity goods purchased in 1868, under
the eighth article treaty of June 1,1868, with the
Navajo Indians, $11,953 65.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Indian bill
will not be considered on this deficiency bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I gave notice of this amend-
ment to the Committee on Appropiiations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What committee does
this come from ?
Mr. FOWLER. I got permission of the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it recommended by
that committee ?
Mr. FOWLER. I cannot say that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 object to it.
I object to going around and getting permis-
sion to offer an amendment. I make the point
of order upon that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itdoesnotcome
from a committee, and is not in order.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
War, with the approval of the President, shall ap-
point a board of scientific engineers, to consist of
not less than five nor more than .seven, who shall
report at the next session of Con ress the proper
width of spans of railroad bridges across the Ohio
river adapted to the wants of navigation and com-
merce upon that river, and, until Congre.-s shall
take action upon said report, no bridge shall be
erected over said river unl ess said bridge shall have
one continuous span of not less than four hundred
feet in width in the clear over the main channel of
the river.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
will withdraw that. It will occasion debate,
and it is legislation upon a totally distinct sub-
ject. I really hope the Senator will not press
it. I want to get through with the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Is that amendment in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Onwhatground
does the Senator from Kansas make the point
of order?
Mr. POMEROY. It is general legislation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed that it is the usage of the Senate to
allow the incorporation of general legislation
in appropriation bills. The Senator from Kan-
sas makes, a point of order that this is general
legislation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt the
point is well taken ; but I appeal to my friend
from Indiana to withdraw the amendment, for
it will only really make us trouble and endan-
ger the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. If the question of order
is decided against me, be it so. I did not
respond to the Senator's appeal, waiting for
the Chair to decide the question of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do I understand that
the amendment is withdrawn ?
Mr. MORTON. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the Senator
from Indiana if he will not waive it and per-
mit me to offer an amendment which requires
an appropriation ?
Mr. MORTON. I waive it for the present.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer an amendment to
come in under the head of the "Interior De-
partment," after line fifty-seven of section
two, on page 8:
For compensation of temporary clerks in the office
of the Indian Bureau, $29,400, being for one clerk
of class three, seven ot class two, twelve of classone,
and four copyists, at ยง900 per annum.
I understand this is the usual force, but by
some means it was omitted in the regular appro-
priation for the coming fiscal year. It is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Interior. I
suppose it would be impossible to get along
without this force. It is not any additional
force, but the regular force.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I renew my amendment.
The _VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas makes the point of order that
this is general legislation. The Chair thinks
that by the general parliamentary law amend-
ments to a bill must be germane to the bill.
The bill before the Senate is a deficiency bill;
and unless the usage of the Senate has been to
the contrary, the Chair would think that this
amendment is not germane to the subject-mat-
ter of this bill, which is an appropriation to
cover deficiencies. If the Senatorfrom Indiana
desires the Chair will submit the question to
the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope it will not be sub-
mitted to the Senate. Although I am not
on any committee to interest me in the ques-
tion, having some views of parliamentary law, I
have tried to keep off general legislation from
appropriation bills; and I said to the Senate,
last session that when we entered upon this
session of Congress with a new Presiding Offi-
cer I should insist upon haviug the parlia-
mentary law administered, if we could have it,
upon appropriation bills. I have made this
point out of no hostility to this measure par-
ticularly, but because I want and insist on the
parliamentary law being administered here on
appropriation bills.
