590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
to a seat in the House from Tennessee as soon as
Congress enacts a law in relation thereto.
Unsolved, That the following bill is hereby recom-
mended for adoption:
A bill for an act to allow the State of Tennessee an
additional Representative in Congress.
Be it enocted by the Senate -and House of Representa-
tives of the United State* of A merieu in Congress axieni-
bltd, That the-State of Tennessee, by tbe emancipa-
tion and enir<inchisemeutof hercoloredpopulation,
slaves at the taking of the eighth eeusus and the
making the apportionment thereon, having added
to her population entitled to be represented in Con-
gress anuuiber which, added to a portion previously
unrepresented, is greater than the ratio by which
the Representatives are now apportioned, the said
State shall bo allowed, until the next general census
and apportionment, one additional Representative
iu Congress, who may be chosen from the State at
large unless the Legislature of the said State shall
otherwise provide,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gobham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed the joint resolution of the House No.
29, for the relief of Biaiiton Duncan, with an
amendment; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S.
No. 259) to remove disabilities from certain
persons; in which the concurrence of the House
was asked.
BUitLINGTON AND MISSOURI RIVER EAILKOAD.
Mr. WHEELER, from tlie Committee on
the Pacific Hail road, by unanimous consent,
reported back the joint resolution (S. R. No.
29) in relation to the Burlington and Missouri
River railroad branch of . he Union Pacific rail-
road, with an amendment.
The joint resolution provides that the act of
Congress, approved July 2, 1864, granting cer-
tainlands to the Burlington and Missouri River
Railroad Company, to aid in extending its road
through the then Territory of Nebraska, to
connect with the Union Pacific railroad, shall
be so construed as to authorize that company
to assign and convey to a railroad company to
be organized under the laws of the State of
Nebraska all the rights, powers, and privileges
granted and conferred by the act and subject
to all the conditions and requirements therein
contained, with the additional right to change
the located line of the road so as to connect
with the Union Pacific road at any point east of
the one hundredth meridian of west longitude.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to suvke out th-e following words :
additional right to chanse the located
U'10-*, the road so as to connect with the Union
Pacific road at. any point east of the one hundredth
meridian of west longitude.
Mr. WHEELER. The object of this joint
resolution is simply this: in 1864 Congress
made a grant of land to this corporation to
build a railroad across the State of Iowa and
the Territory of Nebraska to the one hun-
dredth meridian. The road is now com-
pleted to within eighty miles of the Missouri
river. _ The corporation desires to commence
operations in Nebraska this spring. Nebraska
having now become a State, and having en-
acted a general railroad law, parties inter-
ested desire to have the benefit of that act.
T1ns bill simply provides that the interest
granted by Congress may be transferred to the
new organization. It is asked simply for the
reason that the capitalists who are to furnish
the money to complete the road will not take
the securities of tho road unless the transfer
shall be authorized by Congress. The objec-
tion made to the joint resolution on its refer-
ence, that it allowed a change of the located
line of the road and might by implication give
these parties additional lands, is met by the
amendment reported by the committee, which
strikes out so much of the joint resolution as
allows a change in the location of the line. I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to a third reading ; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS, Mr. CULLOM, and others
called for the regular order of business.
indian appropriation bill.
The House, as the regular order of'business,
resumed the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 123)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June GO,
1870, reported last evening from the Commit-
tee ®f the Whole on the state of the Union,
and upon which the main question had been
ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
ordered, for the purpose of offering an addi-
tional section as an amendment to the amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the one
hundred and fifty-second amendment of the
Senate. The reason for it is this: there has
crept into the bill an amendment offered in
Committee of the Whole which would ratify or
seem to ratify some of the very treaties which
we propose not to ratify. The amendment is
designed to correct that, and I hope the House
will reconsider the vote ordering the main
question.
Tho motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move to amend the
amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for the
one hundred and fifty-second amendment of
the Senate by adding thereto the following:
And be it further enacted. That nothing in this act
contained or in any of the provisions thereof shall
be construed as ratifying or approving any treaties
made with any tribes, bonds, or parties ol Indians
since the 20th of July, 1867.
I now move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the amendment offered
by Mr. Dawes was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union in regard to all the amendments of the
Senate, be concurred in, excepting the two
amendments on which separate votes were
asked for last evening.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask a separate vote on
the amendment to Hie one hundred and fifty-
second amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. And I demand a vote on
the one hundred and forty-sixth amendment.
The report of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union with regard to all the
amendments of the Senate upon which a sep-
arate vote was not asked was then concurred in.
The followingamendment, reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon which a separate vote was asked
by Mr. Holmax, was then read:
Amend the one hundred and fifty-second amend-
ment ot the Senate by striking out alt after the
enacting clause, as follows:
- the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to organize a board of commis-
sioners, to consist of not more than ten persons, to
be selected by him from men eminent for theirintel-
ligence and philanthropy, to serve without pecuni-
ary compensation, who may, under his direction
exercise joint control with the Indian department
over the disbursement of the appropriations made
by this act, or any part thereof that the President
may designate. And to pay the necessary expenses
ot transportation, subsistence, and clerk hireof said
commissioners while actually engaged in said service
there is hereby appropriated, out of any money in
™ A''0asur*' not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
sf>_o,UU0, or so much thereof as may be necessary. |
And insert in lieu thereof the following: |
^n1nnn!,-ibcre h& appropriated the further sum of !
tf-s.UUU.UUU, or so much thereof as may be necessary i
to enable the President to maintain the peace among j
and with the vurious tribes, bauds, and parties oi j
Indians riot otherwise provided for in thin act and
to promote civilization among said Indians, bring i
them where practicable upon reservations, relieve |
their necessities, and encourage their efforts at self- !
support; a report of all expenditures under this '
appropriation to be made in detail to Congress in
December next.
And be it further enacted. That nothing in this act
contained or in any of the provisions thereof shall
be construed as ratifying or approving any treaties
made with any tribes, bauds, or parties of Indians
since the 20th of July, 1867.
Mr. HOLJfAN. On this amendment I call
for the yeas and naya.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 33,
not voting 08 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames,Armstrong,
Arneli.Asper, Bailfiy, Banks, Beaman, Beatty.Beck,
Benion, Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd, Buffinton,
Burdett, Benjamin l'\ Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, Clarke, Araasa Cobb, Coburn, Cook,
Conger, Cowles,Crebs,Cuilom, Dawes, Dickey, Dixon,
Dockery, Duval, Ferriss, Ferry, Finkelnburg, Fitch,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hawley, Heaton. Hoar,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Insersoll, Jenekes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Ketchaxn, Knapp,
Lash, Logan, Louerhridge, McCrary, McGrew, Mer-
cur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Negley, O'Neill, Orth. Packard, Palmer,
Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Potter,1 Roots, Sanford,
Sawyer, Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, William Smyth. Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stoughton, Talfe, Tanner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Wclker, Wells, Wheeler, Whittemore,
Wilkinson. Willard. Winans, and Witeher—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Axfcell, Biggs. Bird, Brooks, Burr,
Dickinson, Eldridge, G tz, Goliaday, Gnswold,
Haldeman, Ilamill, Hay, Holman, Thomas L.Jones,
kerr, Lawrence, Marshall. Mayham. McNeely,
Mofiet, Morgan, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Sohenck,
Stone, Strickland, Swann, Trimble. Eugene M. Wil-
son, Winchester, and Woodward—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Benja-
min, Bennett, Bowen,Calkin, Churchill, Cleveland,
Clinton L. Cobb, Davis, Deweebe, Donley, Dyer, Ela,
Farnsworth, Fisher. Fox, Greene, Haierht, Hambl^-
ton, Hamilton. Hawkins, Hill, Hoag, Johnson, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Knott, Lafiin, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McCormiek, Jesso H. Moore, Samuel P.
Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, N iblack. Packer, Paine,
Peters, Prosser, Reading, Rogers, Sargent, Sehu-
maker, Scofield, Shauks, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Stiles, Strader. Sweeney, Till-
man, Townsend, Van Auken, Van Trump. Voorhees,
Ward, Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wood—63.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate upon
which a separate vote was demanded was No.
146, which had been amended by the Com-
mittee of the Whole to read as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
I necessary to pay expenses incurred in making and
j preparing homes, furnishing provisions, tools, and
farming utensils, cattle, and furnishing food and
transportation for bands of Indians with which
treaties have been made by the Indian peace com-
mission, under the supervision of Brevet Major Gen-
eral W. S. Harney, incurred since October 1,1868.
$485,784 21.
The amendment of the Committee of the
Whole was agreed to; and the amendment, as
amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. DAV\ JBS moved to reconsider the various
votes upon the Senate amendments ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES OVER THE OHIO.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Roads
and Canals House bill No. 188, in relation to
bridges across the Ohio river.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War, with the approval of the
President, shall appoint a board of scientific
engineers, to consist of not less than five nor
more than seven, who shall report to the next
session of Congress the proper width of spans
in railroad bridges across the Ohio river,
adapted to the wants of navigation and com-
merce upon that river; and that, umil Congress
shall by law take action upon said report no
bridge shall be erected over said river unless
such bridge shall have one continuous span
not less than four hundred feet in width in the
clear over the main channel of the river.
ihe SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill at this time?
Mr. KERR. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move that the
rules be suspended for the purpose of consid-
ering the bill at this time.
I he question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 48, noes 85": no quorum
voting.
