1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ixgersoll
and Mr. Kerii were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 71, noes S3.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
RECONSTRUCTION—GEORGIA.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report from the Committee
on Reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Recon-
struction is authorized to report at any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I report
back, for consideration at this time, from the
Committee on Reconstruction House bill No.
259, to enforce the fourteenth amendment to j
the Constitution and the laws of the United \
States, and to restore the State of Georgia to
the republican government elected under its
new constitution.
Mr. HOLM AN. I rise to a privileged motion,
and move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House now resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the river and harbor appro-
priation bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order while the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] is on the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot take
a member from the floor except after the morn-
ing hour, and there has been no morning hour
to-day.
The question was upon ordering House bill
No. '259 to be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble of the bill states that the
Legislature m the State of Georgia elected
under its new constitution, preparatory to the
restoration of that State to its proper place in
the Union and to the admission of Senators
and Representatives in Congress therefrom,
had, in violation of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, re-
fused to purge itself of members who by said
amendment were prohibited from being such
members and from acting as such, and has
permitted and continues to permit such mem-
bers to act as such ; that a majority of the per-
sons in fact composing said Legislature has,
in violation of said Constitution and of said
consiitution of Georgia, and in violation of the
fundamental principles upon which Congress
consented to the restoration aforesaid, ex-
pelled from said Legislature a large number of
its legally qualified members upon the sole
ground that they were persons of African blood,
and admitted thereto other persons not receiv-
ing a majority of the votes of the people in
their places ; and that it appears that the
local authorities in said State are wholly un-
able or unwilling to protect the lives, liberties,
and property of lawful and unoffending citi-
zens of said State from lawless violence, aud
refrain purposely or from want of power from
bring.ng such offenders to justice, whereby it
fully appears that the people of the State of
Georgia have not complied with the terms or
conformed to the principles upon which its
restoration was provided for. and that the gov-
ernment thereof is not in fact republican or
regular.
The first section of the bill provides that the
Governor of the State of Georgia shall be
authorized and directed forthwith by procla-
mation to summon all persons appearing to
have been elected to the senate and house of
representatives of said State by the proclama-
tion of .Major General George G. Meade, com-
manding the military district including the State
of Georgia, dated June 23,1868, to appear at a
day certain, to be named in said proclamation,
at "Atlanta, in said State, within six months
from the passage of this act; whereupon the
members of said senate and house ot repre-
sentatives. qualified as hereinafter provided,
shall assemble on the day named, and organize
their respective houses under the constitution
of the State of Georgia and the laws of the
United States, and then shall be invested with
authority to make such enactments and have
such legislative proceedings as are authorized
by the laws of the United States and the con-
stitution of the State of Georgia.
The second section provides that when the
persons so elected to said senate and house of
representatives shall be convened as aforesaid
each and every person claiming to be elected
as a member thereof shall take and subscribe
the oaths of office prescribed by law for officers
of the United States and by the constitution
and laws of the State of Georgia, before the
district judge of the United States for the dis-
trict of Georgia, who is hereby authorized to
administer the same, and file the same in the
office of the secretary of the State of Georgia,
unless the disability of such person so to do
shall have been removed by act of Congress,
which oaths or affirmations shall be recorded
by the secretary of the State of Georgia; and
the originals or a copy of the record thereof,
duly certified by the said secretary of State,
shall be competent evidence; and every per-
son claiming to be so elected, who shall refuse
or decline or neglect or be unable to qualify
himself as above provided, shall not be ad-
mitted to a seat in the senate or house of rep-
resentatives of said State, or to participation
in the proceedings of either of them, but shall
be regarded as ineligible. And any false
swearing in taking either of said oaths may be
punished as perjurv, under the laws of the
United States, before the district court thereof.
The third section provides that the attempted
expulsion of the members of the senate and
house of representatives of the State of Geor-
gia heretofore had, on the ground that they were
of African descent, is hereby declared void.
Section four provides that whoever shall
exercise or claim to exercise the powers and
duties of any office, either legislative^ execu-
tive, judicial, or administrative, being disquali-
fiedby law from hoLdingofficeunder the United
States Government because of participation
in any manner in the late rebellion, or who
shall have exercised the duties of any office or
public station where by law he was required to
take an oath to support the Constitution of the
States and thereafter engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the United States, or gave
aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered vol-
untary or involuntary support' or aid to any
insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or held any office under or gave any
support to any government of any kind organ-
ized in hostility to the United States or levy-
ing war against the United States, unless he
shall have been relieved by act of Congress,
as provided by section three of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, from the disability thus incurred, shall
bo punished, on conviction before the district
court of the United States, by imprisonment
for not less.than one year nor more than five
years, and in addition be forever disqualified
from holding any office of honor or profit under
the laws of the United States.
The fifth section provides that any person
knowingly hindering, delaying, or preventing
the due execution of the provisions of this act,
or of either of them, may be punished therefor
in the manner and to the extent provided for
in the fourth section hereof.
The sixth section provides that the President
shall cause to be stationed in said State such
part of the armed forces of the United States
as shall be necessary to carry this act into full
execution; and all officers in command of such
forces shall, on demaud of the Governor of
said State, render aid and assistance in the
administration of the Government, the protec-
tion of life and property, and in the adminis-
tration of justice in said State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House, in remarks which he has withheld
for revision.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] yield to me?
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. How
much time does the gentleman from Kentucky
' want?
Mr. BECK. It will take an hour to oppose
this bill, and I can do it so effectually that I
think I will be able to satisfy even the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
give the gentleman as much time as 1 have
occupied.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I protest
against any arrangement being made by which
this bill is to be disposed of in the House
without discussion. I hold that there are vital
objections to the bill, and I think we ought to
be heard about them. I doubt the policy of
introducing any legislation at this time at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
give to my colleague on the Judiciary Com-
mittee all the time I can.
Mr. BECK. I do not desire to limit the
discussion to an hour. What I said was that
it would take me an hour. I waot the subject
thrown open to general discussion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to have a full
discussion of this bill, if it is to pass the House.
I think it is of so much importance that there
ought to be a full discussion before the House
is asked to vote on it. With my present views
I cannot consent to vote for the bill at all; and
I desire to state, when I have a fit opportunity,
my objections to it. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts How
much time does the gentleman from Kentucky
want?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will not insist on the de-
mand for the previous question. This a very
different question from those we have discussed
before when we have considered reconstruction
measures. Here you attempt to play shuttle-
cock with a State of this Union, to knock it
out and knock it in as the caprice of the other
side may dictate.
Mr. WOOD WARD. I understood the chair-
man of the committee to agree that this bill
should be thrown open to reasonable discus-
sion.
Mr. MORGAN. Such an agreement was
made by the chairman of the committee. I
asked the chairman whether the Georgia bill
would be open to the discussion of the House,
andhedistinctly stated that it would, astbebill
had passed through the committee without
opportunity of discussion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I trust the honorable
chairman of the Reconstruction Commit tee lias
neither forgotten what he promised nor is pre-
pared to disregard it.
Mr. BUTLfiil, of Massachusetts. I will
state, with the leave of the gentleman, exactly
what I understand the fact to be. I said in the
committee some days ago that I would give
reasonable tune for discussion. The gentle-
! man from Pennsylvania is quite right about
that. Since that time the House and Senate
havevoted toadjournon Saturday next. Now,
I would be willing to discuss this for three
weeks, so far as I am concerned. I am now
j disposed togive to the Opposition as much time
! and more than I take myself; and I understand
when I do that that I speak for this side of the
House, and that I have carried out in letter and
in spirit the agreement I made. I will yield
as much of my time to the gentleman from
Kentucky as I can.
i Mr. BECK. I will say to the House that I
! desire the floor as matter of right for an hour
' under the agreement made to discuss this ques-
! tion, because I can demonstrate that every
: allegation in the preamble of this bill is untrue
' in fact, and that every proposition contained
; in the bill itself is of such a character thatthe
; Republican side of the House ought to be able
to vote undarstandingly upon them. I ain pre-
i pared to do that with documents that cannot
be controverted. I assert, furthermore, that
there is not one member on the other side who
has read the evidence. I desire they snould
see it.
Mr. LYNCH. I suggest that there be a
discussion on this question this evening, and
that the vote be taken to-morrow.
