594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
1han allowingafewdoubtfulmembersto retaitiseats
under tho vote of their own body. It is proper I
should add that, there appears at "present no doubt
but that the congressional acts will be complied with,
even if members whose seats are questioned are left
undisturbed. So far as I can ascertain, the trouble is
a personal onejirising out 0} the contest for Un itecl States
senutorahip. I should also add that tbe senate, whose
action is reported, has a decided Republican major-
ity, and could have purged itself of suchraembers
as are clearly ineligible. What i desire to know js
whether, m your judgment, my duty requires me to
overrule the deliberate act of the senate, and judge
for myself on the qualifications of members. I have
no doubt of my power in the premises, but do not
feel that I am called on to do more than I have done.
GEORGE G. MEADE,
Major General.
A true copy:
R. C. DRUM,
Assistant Adjutant General.
In reply to this telegram the following were
sent to General Meade :
"Washington, D. Cm July 20,1868.
Major General George G. Meade:
Your dispatch has been received, and forwarded
to General Grant lor instructions.
JOHN H. RAWLINS,
Chief of Stuff.
A truevcopy:
R. C. DRUM,
Adjutant General.
Washington, D. C.. July 20,1868.
Major General George G. Meade,
Commanding Third Military District:
General Grant is now at Denver. Answer will
prob<ib!y reach you day after to-morrow. J have no
doubt he will agree with you.
JOHN A. RAWLINS,
Chief of Stuff.
A true couy:
R. C. DRUM,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Washington, D. C., July 23,1863.
Major General George G. Me \de,
Cominanding Tinrd Military District:
The following dispatch just received:
Denver, Colorado, July 21,1868.
To John A. Rawlins:
Major General Moadc's dispatch just received.
His conclusions are approved.
U. S. GRANT, General.
JOHN A. RAWLINS,
, A Chief of Staff.
A true copy:
• - R. C. DRUM,
Assistant Adjutant General.
General Grant had, indeed, as early as April
29, 1808, fully sanctioned these views or rather
directed that course to be pursued, as the fol-
lowing telegram shows :
Headquarters, War Department,
Washington. D. C., April 29,1868.
Major General George G. Meadb,
Commanding Third Military District;
# I have carefully read your letterof 16th April and
its mclosures. I see nothing in them to change my
°PlS68°n aS expre&scd t0 you in my dispatch of March
The officers elected under the new constitution of
Georgia are not officers of tho provisional govern-
inent referred to in the reconstruction acts, nor are
they officers elected under any so-called State author-
ity, and are not therefore required to take the oath
prescribed in section nine, act of July 19,1867. The
eligibility to hold office must be determined by the
new constitution and tho amendmont to the Consti-
tution ot the United States designated as article
lourteen.
. , U. S. GRANT, General.
A true copy:
R. C. DRUM,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Botli houses promptly acted on the order of
General Meade, and examined into and decided
upon the qualifications of their respective mem-
bers, deciding that all their members were eligi-
ble ; and General Meade approved their action,
as shown by the following telegram :
Headquarters Third Military District,
/i tt o „ Atlanta, Georgia, July 21, 1668.
fcten. U. S. Grast, Washington, D. ft
Both houses of the Legislature of Georgia, having
examined into and decided upon the qualifications
of their respective members under the fourteenth
J '' ' constitutional amendment, I yesterday in-
stiucud the provisional governor to communicate
to cath house ttiat T considered their organization
Jonal, and withdrew a ny opposition to their proc-.ed-
ins to the business which called them together. To-
day ijoNi hiiuces, by decided majorities, have passed
tue K .ii-iuiitioiial amendment known as article four-
teen, avid will, without doubt, at once otherwise
(•ouipij auI, the ieqiiioition of tho aet of Juuc 05
1808.
UUOKGE Gf. MEADB,
Major General.
That, it seems to me, closed the inquiry, and
Congress cannot go behind it. The constitu-
tion of Georgia expressly provided what oath
the members of the Legislature should be re-
quired to take, and how the question of the
eligibility of members should be determined.
The constitutional provisions on these subjects
are as follows:
"I. Each house shall be the judge of the election,
returns, and qualifications of its members, and shall
have power to punish them for disorderly behavior
or misconduct, by censure, fine, imprisonment, or
expulsion; but no member shall bo expelled except
by a vote of two thirds of the house from which he
is expelled." ■=■ ^ ^ ■? * ■*
"X. Every senator or representative, before taking
his seat, shall take an oath or affirmation to support
the Constitution of the United States and of this
State: that he hasnotpracticed any unlawfulmeans,
directly 01* indirectly, to procure his election, and
that he has not given or offered or promised, or
caused to be given or offered or promised, to any
person any money, treat, or thing of value, with in-
tent to affect any vote, or to prevent any person
voting at the election at which he was elected."
I pause here simply to remark that the facts
I have stated show beyond all peraJventure
that Georgia had complied with each and
every prerequisite specified in the reconstruc-
tion acts of March 3 and 23, 1807, both of
which laws declare that when these acts are
done "the State shall be declared entitled
to representation, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall be admitted therefrom as
herein provided that she had promptly and
faithfully complied with all the requirements
of the act of June 25, 1868, as shown by the
proclamation of the President and the reports
and telegrams of the general commanding,
upon the doing of which we said in that act
Georgia "shall be entitled and admitted to
representation in Congress as a State of the
Union that, as provided in that act the offi-
cers elected were '• qualified, under the consti-
tution thereof" and were therefore "inaugu-
rated without delay f' that they all took the
only oath which this act of Congress, the Gen-
eral of the Army, the department commander,
and the leading lawyers in this House declared
and decided could be imposed ; that the eligi-
bility of each member of the Legislature was
tried and decided upon by the tribunal ap-
pointed by the constitution which Congress
had approved, and all were declared eligible.
The general commanding and General Grant
both approved the decision, and this House,
after all that was done, unanimously approved
the report of its Committee of Elections that
Georgia had in all regards complied with all
the requirements of Congress and was entitled
to representation, and her members-elect were
thereupon admitted.
_ Now_, it is proposed by the bill under con-
sideration to set aside the provisions of the
constitution of Georgia, and declare—
That when the persons so elected to said senate and
house of representatives shall be convened as afore-
said each and every person claiming to be elected as
a member thereof shall take and subscribe the oaths
of office prescribed by law for officers of the United
States, tVJ\ " '■ ~ And every person
claiming to be so elected, wlio shall refuse or de-
cline or neglect or be unable to qualify himself, as
above provided, shall not be admitted to a seat in
the senate or house of representatives ot said State,
or to participation in the proceedings of either of
thein, but shall be regarded as ineligible.
I greatly fear that State constitutions and
even acts of Congress are nothing when they
come in conflict with tbe will or the passions
of the majority dominant here. This, how-
ever, is true: there is not a State in the North,
in the East, or in the West, the members of
whose Legislatures take that oath. It is not
required in North Carolina, South Carolina, !
nor Florida, and I do not believe that it is in any !
of the reconstructed States now represented j
on this floor. Why should the constitution j
of the State of Georgia be set aside to impose i
restrictions upon her that are not imposed by
any of the States whose Representatives here ;
seek to impose them ? :
The bill bases all its provisions upon the '
false assertion in its preamble that the Lens- !
lilture of the State of Georgia " refused^ to i
purge itself of members who by said amend-
ment were prohibited from being such mem- *
bers, and from acting as such, and has permit- '
ted and continues to permit such members to
act as such," when the report of General
Meade and the telegrams I have read show
that the Legislature not only did not refuse to
purge itself of such members, but, before it
attempted to pass the fourteenth amendment
or transact any other business, both houses
appointed committees, investigated the eligi-
bility of each of their members under the con-
stitutional amendment, and, after hearing and
considering the reports, decided that all the
members of each were eligible. This decision
was made by a unanimous vote in the House,
and there were only two dissenting votes in
the Senate, there being two hundred and sev-
enteen members in the two houses.
This House might find much more difficulty
in defending its decisions rendered in the For-
tieth Congressin the cases of McKeevs. Young,
from Kentucky ; Anderson vs. Switzler, from
Missouri; and Delano vs. Morgan, from Ohio,
before any enlightened and impartial tribunal,
than the Legislature of Georgia would in de-
fending and maintaining its action in regard to
its members ; but the decision of neither can
be reached, the constitutional powers of each
are similar, and both are absolute and irrevers-
ible by any other tribunal.
But beyond all that, and admitting what I
deny, that you have the right to inquire into
the decision of the Georgia Legislature as to
the eligibility of its members, 1 assert—and I
challenge contradiction here and now from any
member of the Reconstruction Committee of
this or the Fortieth Congress, or from any
member of this House—that there is not one
scintilla of evidence before the House taken
either by it, or its committee, or in any other
form to make it legal testimony before any tribu-
nal, that a single member of either house of the
Georgia Legislature was ineligible under the
fourteenth amendment. I ask now who among
the two hundred and seventeen members is
ineligible? Name the man, the office he held
before the war, the acts he committed during
the war, and the testimony taken either by
this House or ^ny committee of it or by its
authority, to sustain any charge against any
member.
Mr. PATNE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for an answer? I would be very unwilling
to interrupt the gentleman if he did not invite
it. I will read a question which he himself put,
to^a witness before the Reconstruction Com-
mittee, and will then read the answer.
Mr. BECK. Let me first complete what I
was saying. I say there is no man named
against whom this charge of ineligibility is
made. There is no member of this House who
can say of any particular man that he is ineli-
gible because of any act he has done.
Mr. PAINE. I stated, Mr. Speaker, that
the question I was about to read was put to a
witness by the gentleman from Kentucky him-
self. 1 see on referring again to the book that
I was mistaken on that point. The question
was put by the gentleman who was at that time
thechairman of the committee, Governor Bout-
well. The witness was Governor Bullock, of
Georgia. He had been examined at some length
on this subject by my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck;] and the chairman asked :
"You say there are about twenty-fivo men in tho
house of representatives disqualified by tho foui-
teenth amendment?"
The expression is, £< there are,1' not "there
were." And the answer was, "Yes, sir."
I will not occupy the gentleman's time far-
ther than to make this single remark, that
Governor^ Bullock has placed before us a
list showing the precise grounds upon which
i more than twenty-five men were diM'jualificil.
j showing the offices they had he'd, and the
i nature of tho facts constituting the di^qualifica-
; tion.
j T thank the gentleman far his courtesy,
j Mr. BECK. Now, sir, I repeat what I have
! said, that Governor .Bullock gave hia opinion
, before the committee that men were ineligible ;
, and he gave^ the same opinion to General
Meade, who in his official report said that he
