18(59.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
differed with the Governor as to the facts. He
refused to consider the allegations made, say-
ing that he thought the Legislature was better
qualified to be the judge of the question than
was Governor Bullock. Here is the paper to
which the gentleman alludes : for I called atten-
tion to this fact before the committee, and a
day or two after I had done so, the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts] produced a paper, a copy of which I
hold ill my hand, purporting to come from the
office of the secretary of State. This paper
has never come regularly before this House,
or any committee of it; it is not sworn to by
any human being. It is not evidence in any
form.
I will read the caption and certificate, to-
gether with a few of the names, so that'the
House may understand and appreciate its
character arid value. It begins thus :
Ex u.:u i'i vk Department,
Athxta, Georgia. January sjg, 1869.
As appears from records in this department, the
to! lowmg-n.imed pertons, known or supposed to be
inciiibeis ol tiie present General Assembly of this
biale, who took tiieir seats as sucli on or since the
4th day ot July. 1868, and who had, before the com-
mencement ot the late war of reb -llion against the
Government of tiie United States, held otiiee in this
btate; and who, as sucti officers, took an oath to sup-
port tiie Constitution ot this State and of the United
totates; and wiio attenvaid, as I am informed, gave
aid and comtoit to the itibellion by recognizing
and countenancing si so-ealtod government hostile to
the united States; whose disabilities have not been
removed by Congress, namely :
. Brassell was representative in 1858; P. II. Bras=ell I
representative trom Fayette county at this time. ;
Uarke was representative.in 1858; W. H. Clark is !
rcpiesentative trom I)e Kalb county at this time. i
And the certificate is as follows: j
Executive Department, !
Atlanta, liwoRulA, January Ai), 1869.
I hereby certify that H. H. Waters is a reliable
employe ot this department, and from his examin-
ation of the recordsot file in this office the statements
nmde in tiie foregoing pages have been carefully
compiled, and that to the best oi lay knowledge and
belief itie same are true. I
IiUFUS B. BULLOCK, Governor, i
The person, H. H. Waters, who makes out j
tins paper, is not even certified to be an officer, j
or even agent ot the government. Governor j
Bullock says he was ''a reliable employe^' of
the executive office. Was he boot-black'! Was
he acting chambermaid? No one knows, and
he even does not state that he knows the truth
of a single fact that he purports to set forth.
He does not even profess to know the men of
whom he speaks. He does not state an act
that any of them did to disqualify them. It
was an abortive effort to make some sort of
semblance of testimony to justify the demands i
of this bill. But I repeat now what I said |
before and what I defy contradiction of, that i
there is no sore of e\idence showing wherein
or for what reason any man in either branch ,
of the Georgia Legislature is ineligible, and [
that therefore the allegations in the preamble ;
being unsustained by evidence are false for all I
purposes, so far as this House is concerned. I
Jt follows, therefore, that as the convention |
in Georgia was regularly held, and the eonsti- j
tution submitted by it was duly ratified, as it!
was approved by Congress, and as the mem- j
bers of the Legislature were all duly qualified |i
under the constitution of the State and the
eligibility of all of them was decided by the ,1
tribunal in whom by the constitution of the
State—which Congress had approved—that
power was vested, and the genera! command- ^
itig had expressed his satisfaction with the ;
decision: as the constitutional amendment
and the fundamental condition imposed were
duly ratified and adopted, and said consiitu- ;
tional amendment had become part of the Con- ,
stitution of the United States, and after all il
these things were done Representatives from
Georgia were admitted to seats on this floor on '■
the report of the Election Committee of this '!
House that in all things Georgia had complied
with the reconstruction acts, and was therefore ]
entitled to representation in Congress, it is too !;
late now to deny and repudiate all that we have %
solemnly covenanted to maintain. If Con- •.
Ciess will assfit. that, whereas (jmrgia. can
trnry to ail our < aicuhtlions, has determined to 1
act with the Democratic party and cannot be
managed and controlled by the Radical carpet-
baggers there, and as it is evident that she will
not now ratify the fifteenth amendment, which
we are determined to force tip on the country,
therefore be it enacted, and copy your bill,
you would tell the truth, and at least get credit
for candor; the pretexts you are now setting up
to justify your course are so transparent that
they only make more obvious what you are
trying to conceal.
W hetherthe Legislature of Georgia was right
or wrong in expelling the negro members is
not a question that Congress can consider.
Ihat was not done till after the State was fully
entitled to representation under all the exist-
ing laws, nor until after United States Sen-
ators had been elected, and forms no stronger
ground for destroying or annulling her State
Legislature by congressional action than a sim-
ilar decision made by the Legislature of Geor-
gia that may assemble live or fifty years hence
would give the Congress then in session the
righ t to do so. Certainly no more than if the
Legislature of Indiana, for example, should,
if the fifteenth amendment is adopted, declare
that fay its provisions negroes cannot hold seats
in that body under it, and expel them if they
attempt to do so would give Congress a right
to disperse the Legislature of Indiana and put
a military governor with absolute authority
over her. 1 am not going to argue whether
they decided right or wrong; a proposition to
recognize in the constitution of Georgia the
right of negroes to hold office was voted down
| by a large majority in the convention, and dif-
| lerent views were maintained on that question
! during the canvass for members of the Legis-
| lature. It is as fair to assume that the Geor-
| gia members who voted to expel them believed
I they were right in so doing as it is to assume
j that the members of the Fortieth Cougress
I who voted to exclude Switzler and General
; Morgan and give their seats to Messrs. Ander-
j son and Delano thought they were right when
I they so voted in view of all the facts in the
records before them. The members of the
Legislature of Georgia showed they had no
desire to persecute the negroes, nor prevent
them from lairly testing their right to hold
office under the constitution: just the reverse,
as the following preamble and resolution, which
passed both houses, conclusively proves ;
"Whereas it is believed that a judicial decision of
the question of the colored mail's light to hofu office
iu Georgia under the constitution now in force would
restore the State to her propcrposition in the Union
and give quiet throughout the State; andwlieteas
said question is one which the courts ot' the State can
pioperiy take cognizance ot; and whereas we, the
representatives ot the people of Georgia, are unwill-
ing that any effort snould be spared on our part to
bring about a ;tate of peace and happiness to the
people and a settlement of that important question;
Be it therefoie,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the State of Georgia in General A*".e ibly con-
vened, That a case iuvolviug the right of theeolored
man to hold office shall, as soon as the same can be
properly brought before the supreme court of the
State, bo heard ar.d determined by said court, and
we believe that tiie people of the State will, as they ;
have heretofore always done, in good faith abide the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal of the State j
whenever so declared." |
It would hardly be credited if it was not a '
part of the records of the State that Governor J
Bullock. in an insulting message, vetoed this j
joint resolution, refusing to aid the Legislature |
in obtaining a judicial decision whereby the i
justice or injustice of the decision of the Legis- |
lature could be properly tested. He knew, '•
indeed the preamble and resolution indicated
in an unmistakable manner, that if the courts ;
should decide in any case thatti negro could
hold office iu Georgia the negro members of the
Legislature would be at once restored or rein- 1
stated tn their seats. That was precisely what
Bullock did not. want, and he had good and
sufficient reasons, personal to himself, for so
desniug, as I propose to show, independent of .
his desire to obtain through Congress ilie abso- j
lute power which this bill proposes to give hun. ;
But before I do so I cannot avoid noticing the ;
insolent, I might stfv the importment message ;
l:  sent to the Legislature when he submitted ■
the fiiteenth amendment for its consideration.
It stands aione among executive communica-
tions, and will go down to history to prove the
: folly of making Governors out of such material,
j It is an old adage, and this proves it, that a siik
; purse cannot be made out of a sow's ear; but
it needs no comment. The opening and clos-
ing sentences of it portray the author and his
motives sufficiently.
He opens by saying :
; .I."1'?sPee,iaIly gratifying to learn, as Ido from
I the published proceedings ot your honorable body
! that senators and representatives who have hereto-
; tore acted with a political organization which adopted
as one of its principles a denunciation of the acts of
. a liepubhcan Congress as unconstitutional, revoiu-
• tionary, and void, should now give expression to their
! anxious desue to lose no time in emoracing this op-
portunity ol ratifying one ot the fundamental prin-
cipies ot the Alepublicau party, as herein proposed,
i by a joint resolution of a Republican Congress ; and
i very much regret that the preparation necessary
fcProPpr Presentation of this subject to your hon-
j orable body has necessarily caused assort del ay, and
} thereby prolonged the suspense of those who sms
anxious to concur.
" This amendment is specially designed to secute
political privileges to the colored man ; and whether
its ratification by a General Assembly which has al-
ready violently wrested from him privileges to which
he was constitutionally entitled in this Slate, will i-e
recognized as valid by the power proposing it, unless
accompanied by a reversal of the action by which
those privileges were denied, is a question which we
will not delay here to consider."
And closes thus :
"The ratification of this amendment by your hon-
orable body, and a recognition ot its requirements'
as here indicated, together with those ot the four-
teenth amendment—which are ae yet disregarded—
will, I sincerely hope and confidently believe, secure
for us full and complete recognition as a State, defi-
nitely settle our political differences, and set at re.--t,
finally and forever, the feeling of uncertainty and
insecurity which now excite anddisturb a large por-
tion of our people.
" RUFTJS B. BULLOCK, Governor
The amendment was not ratified, being de-
feated in the Senate, which was Radical, as is
alleged, no doubttruly, principally through the
influence of the Governor, who shows by his
sneering and insulting message that he desin <1
its defeat, as a make-weight with Congress to
I induce the action proposed by this bill, and us
a means of obtaining power to enable him to
save himself from the pending charges against
him, and to take vengeance on the men who
have detected and exposed him.
I said he was personally interested in break-
ing up the preseritLegislature of Georgia, and
iu having the control of the affairs of the State
in the hands of his own creatines, and that he
was determined to punish the present members
because they had not been his pliant and sub-
servient tools. General Meade throws some
light on this last proposition in bis report
which X have read when lie says the Governor
is pleased to attribute the failure of Georgia
to be properly reconstructed; to my action
in tailing to purge the Legislature of his polit-
ical opponents, he having advised me when he
urged such action that his friends had b^en
relieved of their disability by Congress;" and
in his telegram of April 18, where he guys:
{,So far as I can ascertain, the trouble is a
personal one arising out of the contest for the
United States Senatorship.;? It is part of
the history of the day that Bullock and Foster
Blodgett, whose name and history is quite
familiar here, expected and believed that they
would be elected United States Senators if
they could only keep their friends in and turn
their enemies out. The failure of General
Meade to lend himself to the scheme was a
mortal offense, and for the Legislature to pre-
fer Messrs. Hill and Miller to them was the
unpardonable sin. If Governor Bullock had
been elected United States Senator this Con-
gress would never have heard one word from
him, and this bill would never have been
thought of.
As to his personal interest pecuniarily to
break up the Legislature, it appears by the pro-
ceedings of the Georgia Legislature and the
papers written by the Governor and treasurer,
that in the months of October and December,
ISnS, Governor Bullock had drawn from the
Fourth National Bank of New York, without
authority of lawaud without advising the ueas-
