598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
enemies thereof; in other words, was guilty of
treason as defined in the Constitution, the acts
constituting which, having been long since de-
fined and established by the decisions of the
courts of the United States, he could readily
understand.
Before any Congress having a proper regard
for the rights and welfare of the citizens would
undertake to inflict any punishment by law for
a violation of this provision of the amend-
ment, certainly before it would pass laws im-
prisoning them from one to five years and
rendering them forever infamous, it would take
care that no man should be deceived or pun-
ished unless lie knowingly and willfully held
office in violation of the Constitution. Thou-
sands and tens of thousands took up arms against
the Government of the United States who, not
having held the character of offices before the
war which, coupled with participation in it,
excludes from office, are, by the amnesties and
pardons extended and granted, as much enti-
tled to hold office now as any man in the
country. The guilt of the act was neither in-
creased nor diminished by the fact that the
man had years before held some office in his
State, and both Congress and the State Legis-
latures in passing ti.e amendment limited the
ineligibility to the classes of persons specifi-
cally named, leaving all others, no matter how
much more active or prominent they may have
been, free to hold any office the people see fit
to confer upon them. Mr. Davis and his cabi-
net, all theconfederatecongress, Generals Lee,
Johnston, Hampton, and all the southern gen-
erals might to-day be Governors or senators in
their respective States if they had notheld any
of the offices mentioned m the fourteenth amend-
ment before the war, while the private soldier
who was a magistrate or a constable twenty
years ago, and is a magistrate or a constable
now, is, because he holds that office, to be by
the proposed law imprisoned from one to five
years, and be forever disqualified from holding
any office of profit or trust. That being so,
common humanity, a decent respect for the
opinions of mankind, would seem to require
that in any law that was framed to inflict such
punishment under such circumstances men
should be at least guihy, not only technically,
but knowingly and willfully so.
There should be no doubt as to what was
meant by having been an executive or judicial
officer of any State.; all the others are easily
understood*, but while a Governor is certainly
an executive officer of a State, and a judge of
a circuit or appellate court is certainly a judi-
cial officer, and no man could be mistaken
about that, there are thousands in all the States
ol the South who were clerks or deputy clerks,
town marshals, policemen, corporation offi-
cers, &c., in short, all the ministerial officers
in a State, elected or appointed by their neigh-
bot hoods, towns, or villages, either under Stare
laws or by the laws of local corporations created
by the laws of the State ; these men may by
the force of circumstances have aided the re-
bellion, and may now hold the same petty
offices. _ They may have consulted with men ,
learned in the law. and may have been advised
and honestly believe that they are eligible.
They may be acting in the utmost good faith,
not doubting for a moment their perfect light,
jet if the district court of the United States
should differ with them, they must be impris-
oned one and may be five years, and must be :
rendered forever infamousafterward. Honesty i
ot purpose avails nothing, motive is not eon- I
MiJered. Ihe man might prove beyond all
}mji adventure that he was not only a law-abid- 1
'tig citizen, but had declared his determination i
to hold no office in violation of the fourteenth !
ii tv<jtid mput, and that he had only accepted the j
officeon the most positive assurance from those i
bi'st advised that he was clearly and beyond all !
q u-slion eligible. Ail that would avail nothing; !
d-gnidation and infamy, it may be the beggary j
of his family while he is powerless to support j
th in. are the consequences under this law of an
innocent mistake as to his rights. It is because
such consequences may, nay, will follow this
law, that I said it never should have been offered
till the law committee of the House had care-
fully considered it, and that this Congress
ought to refuse to consider it until that is done.
But the fourth section of this bill does not pro-
pose to be limited by the fourteenth amend-
ment. It extends to all who maybe "disquali-
fied by law from holding office under the United
States Government because of participation in
any manner in the late rebellion."
As the law now stands no person is disquali-
fied from holding office simply because of par-
ticipation in the rebellion. Before any person
can hold any office under the United States
he must take the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1802. If he takes that oath falsely
he is liable to punishment for perjury. But the
evident intent of this bill, though the purpose
is artfully covered up, is to reach all State
officers as well as officers of the United States,
and to exclude from State offices all who can-
not take the test-oath, although by the consti-
tution and laws of their respective States no
such oath is required and no such disability or
ineligibility exist. If that was not intended,
why was not this clause of the section limited
to offices held under the United States? If it
is intended, as I contend, it is a gross usurpa-
tion of the rights of the States, being an un-
warranted and unconstitutional attempt on the
part of Congress to determine what class of
men shall hold office m the States, and to im-
pose disabilities for State offices which neither
the Constitution of the United States nor of
the States impose.
The next clause of the section extends the
infamous and degrading punishment of which
1 have spoken to ail ''who shall have exercised
the duties of any office or public station where
bylaw he was required to take an oath to support
the Constitution, &c., and thereafter engaged
in rebellion, &c.'' The fourteenth amend-
ment limits the ineligibility to United States
officers, members of Congress, and the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial officers of any State
who have previously taken an oath to support the
Constitution, &c.; all others are as free to hold
any office in their respective States as any mem-
ber of this House ; yet this bill proposes to ex-
tend it to all who may have exercised the duties
of any office or public station where by law he
was required to take an oath to support the
Constitution. The clerks and ministerial offi-
cers of corporations, if by their charters they
are required to take this oath, are all included,
and even if they never took it, and the fact is
made apparent that they never did, yet if they
exercised the duties of the office or public
station where it was required they are to be
punished as this bill provides.
Not only would the overseer of a highway
be liable if the law required him to take this
oath, but if any neighbor or friend, at his request,
or in his absence, either from sickness or any
other cause, exercised the duties of the office
or public station, call it what you will, although
he was not an officer and took no oath, he
would be liable to all the penalties of this law
if after doing that act he had aided the rebel-
lion, and was now acting constable in his dis-
trict: yet this bill is in its title called an act
to enforce the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, &c. But it does not stop here ;
it punishes all who "rendered voluntary or
involuntary support or aid'' to the rebellion.
The fourteenth amendment limited its prohibi-
tion or punishment to those who engaged in
rebellion, orgaveaid or comfort to the enemy ;
in other words, to those who were guilty of
treason as defined by the original Constitution.
This bill extends its punishment to those who
rendered involuntary support to the rebellion.
Under its provisions the man who had opposed
and resisted secession, who through all the
varying fortunes of the war stood by and main-
tained the cause of the United States, who, if
you please, was a Union soldier, yet was com-
pelled while in the power of the enemy to act as
a guide, and by his knowledge of the local by-
paths enabled a confederate band to escape or
e!ude pursuit, is guilty under this law. lhc
man who in good faith believed he was giving
important information to a Federal officer when
in fact it was a confederate spy, all the men in
Indiana or Ohio who were compelled to furnish
forage or provisions to General Morgan's com-
mand during his raid, or who involuntarily
did any act, no matter from what motive or
under what duress, which in fact aided the re-
bellion, must by this law, if he is now a justice
of the peace and constable, a night-watch or
tide-waiter, be imprisoned from one to five
years, and be forever afterward infamous.
This Congress will render itself more infa-
mous than any of its victims if it passes such a
law.
But it does not stop here; it provides further
that any of the classes of men of whom I have
spoken who "held any office under, or gave
any support to any Government of any kind
organized in hostility to or levying war against
the United States," shall be so punished and
disgraced. The object, intent, and meaning
of this is not only to exclude from office every
white man and free negro in every State that
seceded who had at any time in his life "exer-
cised the duties of any office or public station
where by law he was required to take an oath
to support the. Constitution," but to fill the
jails and penitentiaries with them, and after
they are let loose—I will not say set free—they
are to be infamous for all time, for it is per-
fectly certain that every man in all these States
gave some support of some kind to those gov-
ernments organized in hostility to the United
States. How could it be otherwise? In many
of the southern States these governments were
the only governments they had for four years;
during all that time the United States failed,
or was unable to afford them protection. Her
courts were withdrawn, lines of hostile bayo-
nets kept back her forces; life, liberty, and prop-
erty could only be and were alone protected
and preserved by the usurping governments as
they have since been decided by the result
to be ; and these governments in return for the
protection afforded required the payment of
taxes, and compliance on the part of each man
within their lines was required aud accorded,
whether voluntarily or involuntarily there, with
all their police and municipal regulations at
least, and such suppoit as the supreme power
de facto in the State ahvaj's requires of the
citizen or resident, and itwas of course and of
necessity given by every man within their juris-
diction, white and black, loyal and disloyal,
and it could not be otherwise.
Hence the injustice, follj', and madness of
Congress seeking to degrade, disgrace, and
render infamous all men who voluntarily or
involuntarily gave any support to any such
Government,. it is a declaration of war against
at least eleven States in this Union. It is
worse. It is the establishment of the most
unmitigated and degrading despotism, not only
in violation of all law, but in utter disregard
and contempt of the solemn and oft-renewed
pledges of every department of the Govern-
ment. Congress has spent month after month
in the last few years in devising ways and
means whereby to strengthen the public credit
and increase the confidence of the moneyed
men of the world in our public securities.
Resolution after resolution has been put on
the records, and act after act has been passed.
The country has been agitated from its center
to its circumference with all sorts of theories.
Greenbacks, bonds, contraction, expansion,
specie resumption, all and each have the;r
advocates and their opposers ; yet each and all
have willfully and persistently shut their eyes
and sealed their lips against seeing or hinting
at a fact that all the men in the worid else-
where see and admit, tl5at it is the war that
the Radical party is still waging on the feoutli
that makes the public securities rate lower in
ths markets of the world than those of any
other civilized nation.
How can it be otherwise when you are de-
liberately destroying all the material interests
of ten States larger in extent and greater in
producing capacity than Great Britain, France,
