1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
and all Germany combined; when you are hold-
ing bv the throat, insulting, degrading, and
cntOnng into the dust, as though they were ;
\oui mortal enemies, eight millions ofyour own j
people, and are not only exhausting but dram- j
ing the last drop fiom the substance of the '
I'dMiii'i. 1 lie mechanic, and the laborer of the
N hi t!i, East, and West by every species of tax- |
..iriii <hi all the necessaries of life, leaving j
i oiiii'i^ free but the air he breathes. All else ;
ih.it lie eats, drinks, wears, tastes, touches, |
smells, or looks upon is loaded and oppressed J
wuli taxation in order to enable you to keep j
u p and perfect your system of persecution and !
oppression on the people of the South, and to
(-niieli a few of your pampered monopolists. !
Mv word for it, if this Congress would reverse j
its policy, if instead of taxing its ingenuity to i
iinent new bills of pains and penalties to still j
timber punish and degrade its already humil-
iated and downtrodden southern people, it
would lernove them all; if it would say in the
spirit which induced its utterance by the pres-
ent distinguished Chief Magistrate, '"Let us
have peace,'' the sentiment would betaken up
and reechoed by every heart from the Potomac
to the Rio Grande, and an era of peace, fra-
ternity. and prosperity would atonce be ushered
in. such as no country ever saw—your rice,
sugar, cotton, and tobacco fields would supply
exchanges by their exports that are now kept up
by the bonds of the people ; your great systems
of railroads would develop and expand till not
only the wealth of this continent out of China,
Japan, and the Indies would be ours. You
v. uuld see verified under your own auspices
such results as Mr. Webster so magnificently
announced as the result of the policy of Mr.
Hamilton, when he said :
" The whole country perceived with delight and the
whole world saw with admiration. He smote the
i.jLitof the national l esourees andabundant streams
rt levenuegushedforth. He touched the dead corpse
of the public credit and it sprung upon its feet."
The question as to payment in greenbacks
or gold would solve itself, for your securities
wmi Id be sought by the moneyed aristocracy of
tin; worid. and your vastly increased resources
and diminished expenditures would at once lift
the load of taxation from the backsof the people.
But I have unintentionally digressed some-
what from the bill before us, which, I will close
by repeating, is the most unwise, the most un-
j.ist, and the most oppressive of any that has
been proposed since I have been a member of
this House, and I hope and trust it will be de-
feated.
MKjrAGC I'R0>1 THE SENATE.
A rii'-|from the Senate, by Mr. Gortiam.
it-. Secretary, announced that the Senate had
n£rieed to the amendments ol the House to the
U:i Xo. 441 to amend the judicial system of
the United States, with amendments ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
i.i which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
An act fS. No. GO) recognizing the stamping
of certain subscription papers executed and
iw,',.'.l to the Inn a'Northern Central Railroad
-Company : and _ ^
An act i'S. No. 91) to amend an act entitled
An act craiiimg lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
l '.-ntral Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land. Oregon," approved July 25, 1866.
-ME-SAtlH FROM TUB l'llKFIDGXT.
A m.'^Mise from the President of the I nited
Si.re^ In'"Mr. lloitACt; Pouter, his Private
H.-, !i!,u\'. announced that the President had
n;,p:-o\ej and signed ft joint resolution t H. 11.
No. OA} authorizing the b'uilding of a railroad
I.i.iixe over the Ohio river, at Padueah, Ken-
tucky.
" AMERICAN N WlGATlOX tXTF.UE.STS.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
lirtled the following resolution, which was
in."1. con^ideied, and agreed to:
KI vTii it the select Committee on American
Navigation Interests are hereby authorized to sit
during the recess at such times and places as they
way deem advisable, for the purpose of examining
witnesses and taking testimonv; and the ordinary
and necessary expenses of said committee while eu-
gagediu such examination, including the employ-
ment of a reporter when taking testimony, shall be
paid; and no other or additional expenses shall be
incurred. And said committee shall report to the
House on the second Monday of January next, or as
soon thereafter as may be practicable.
!! as best to subserve the interests of commerce; and
ji he is required to report to Congress, at the opening
I of itrfjDceemberse^.-ion, all expeuidiiuies made under
i the provisions of this act up to that time in detail.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIVER AND IIAllBOR BILL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr.
Speaker, I have not sought the floor for the
purpose of speaking to the Georgia bill, but
for the purpose of making a motion in refer-
ence to House bill No. 367, making an appro-
priation for the improvement of rivers and
harbors for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869, and the year ending June 30, 1870.
That bill was unanimously reported from the
Committee on Commerce. It was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations and reported
back from that committee unanimously and
made the special order for Saturday last,
appropriates in the aggregate 82,000,000. I
move that the rules be suspended, so that the
bill may be taken up at this time and put upon
its passage.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the motion of my col-
league will be adopted, and that the bill will
be taken up and acted on now, being sure
that it will consume but a few moments, and
we can then resume the consideration of the
Georgia bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With
that understanding I do not object-
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read as follows :
That the sura of $2,090,000 is hereby appropriated
i for the fi-ea! year endi n ^ J line .10, ] s. ,9. and tii e year
| ending June i>0,1870, to be expended for the repair,
i extension, preservation, and completion of certain
I woiks lor the improvement of rivers an'l haibors
i under the direction of the Secretary of War: Pro-
's vtded, That the Secretary of IV"ar is hereby author-
! ized to cause such expenditures to be made so as
I best to subserve the interests of commerce; and ho
is required to report to Congress, at the opening of
its December session, all expenditures made under
the provisions of this act up to that time in detail.
Mr. WELKER. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Wisconsin whether it is
intended to appropriate 52,000,000 for each
one of these 3 ears, or only 32,000.000 in the
aggregate ?
Mr.'WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin. It only
appropriates §2.000.000 for both years.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move an amendment applying to
a collateral question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. FINKELNBURG. They must be works
heretofore provided for by law.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
word ''certain."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection to that.
Mr. BROOKS. I object, as no discussion
is allowed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to amend the bill. The previous question has
not been seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Wisconsin will allow my amendment to be con-
sidered as pending.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
no objection to taking a vote upon it.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 desire to say that this is
not the way to improve rivers and harbors. It
is a newly discovered way to put §2,000,000 in
the hands of the Secretary of War for certain
works with no specification whatever. This
morning we voted to give S2.000,000 to the
President of the United States without any
, specification whatsoever of the purpose to
^ |i which the money should be appropriated. And
| now the House proposes to abandon the whole
[ subject of internal improvement to the Seere-
i tary of War and appropriate $2,000,000 there-
! for. It is not the proper way.
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I agree
' almost entirely with what my friend has said.
The last river and harbor appropriation bill
was passed 111 Match. 18o7. That bill required
that "the officers of the engineer department
should at the next session of Congress furnish
an estimate of the amount of money neces-
sary to carry on the works duriug the next
year. They sent in an estimate amounting
to $0,000,000. The House called upon the
department for a revision of the estimate, aa-d
it was reduced to $4,000,000. In June last a
bill appropriatin
$4,000,000 for rivers and
harbors, with the addition of $2,000,000 for a
canal, passed the House, but was not acted upon
in the Senate. But just at the close ot the ses-
sion a bill was passed appropriating in a lump
31,500,000 to be expended as seemed in the
judgment of the Secretary of War most proper.
He sends in a report indicating how that money
has been expended.
Now, while I admit that the true way for us
: is to make specific appropriations lor each par-
i ticular place, there was 110 opportunity to do
! that. The bill which we passed in June last the
Senate failed to consider at the next session,
' and Congress adjourned without making any
appropriation. In that condition we are now
left without any money to go on with the works
which are now in progress. The engineer de-
partment estimate that these works will cost
over seven million dollars, ill order that they
,, . . 1 fy,. j. .l ii mav not be suspended and go to ruin we feel
And be it further rnarifd, That the sum that may i! ^ "... &
bo allotted to the improvement of tiie Ohio ri\erjj compelled to ask for this appropriation ot
shall be applied towaid completing the canal at. the"!
falls of that river according to the plans and esti- I
mates madein the rcportot General Godfrey eitzel. |
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I cannot ;
consent to let the amendment be offered. I .
wish to leave it to the War Department to !
expend the money as to them may seem best.
Mr. FERRY. I call the attention of the j
gentleman from Wisconsin to the words ■' cer-
tain work.-- '' Are we to understand that it is
left entirely to the discretion ot the Secretary
of War as to what works the money is to he
expended unoii ?
Mr. GARFIELD. 1=*that expression ''cer-
tain works'' meant to bo restrictive/
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Not at
all: it is entirely in the discretion of the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. GARFIELD. It seems to me the word
"certain" looks as though it was restricted. •
Mr. FERRY. That was my understanding.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
read- the proviso:
/ VoKi'/c'/, That the Secretary of War i? hcebv au-
. limn-icO. ueauso such expenditures to be made ;o
$2,000,000. I admit it is not the proper way,
but there is no other way that we can devise at
this tune. I demand the previous question.
The previous questiou was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I ri~e to majse a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is this bill limited to works
already in progress or does it authorize the
beginning of new works?
I'ne SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry.
'The amendment to strike out the word "cer-
tain " was agreed to.
I he question being put on agreeing to the
aiueuduient of Mr. Hoj.max, there were—ayes
00. noes 4-3.
Mr. BENTON. I call for tellers.
Mi. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
waive objection and allow the amendment to
co in. l am not strenuous about it.
Ms. BENTON. lam. .
Tellers were ordered; arid the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Washb«?v, of Wisconsin, and Mr.
Hoi.max.
