600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 57, noes 57.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 01, nays 90, not voting
45 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Axteli,
Beatty, Bcck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Brooks, Burr,
Calkin. Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn,Crebs, De-
weege, Dickinson, Dockery, Eldridge, Getz, Golladay,
Griswold, Haldeman, HamilJ, Hawkins, Iieaion. Hol-
man, Alexander H. Jones, Tuomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Knott, Lawrenec, Marshall, Mayham, McNeely,
Moffct, Morgan, Niblack, Potter, Randall, lleeves,
lliee, Schenck, Shanks, SJocutn, John A. Smith, Ste-
venson, Stone, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Tyner,
Van Auken, Voorbees, Welker, Wells, Williams,
Winws Winchester, and Woodward—61.
NAYS—Me^rs. Allison, Armstrong, Arn ell, Banks,
Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Blair, Bowen, ButHn'on,
Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Amasa
Cobb, Cook, Conger, Cowlcs, CuJlom, Davis, Dtuves,
Dickey, Dixon. Donley, Duval, Fnrnsworth, IWriss,
Feriy, Fmkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Giifillan,
Hale, Ilawley, li<iy, Hoar, Hooper, Ho'chkiss,
Joneke.s Judd, Julian, Keliey, Kolsey, Ketehnm,
Lafltn, Logan, Loughiidge. Lynch, McCarthy, Mc-
Crnry, McGrew. Meicur, Jesse H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Monell, Samuel P. Mori ill, Negley,
O'Neill, Packard, Packer ^Paine, Palmer, Poland,
Pomeroy, Propter, Boots. Sanioid, Satgent, Sawyer,
Scoheld, Sheldon, W ortmngton C. Smith, Stevens,
Stoke?, Strickland, T.mner, Tillman, Townf-end,
Twichell, Un^on, Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whitte-
ruore, Willard, John T. Wilbon, and Wifcher—90.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Asper,Bniley, Ben-
jamin, Boles, Boyd, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Cleveland, Dyer, Ela, Fox, Greene, Haight, Harable-
ton, Hamilton,Hill, Hong, Hopkins, Ingersol 1. John-
son, Knapp. Lash, Mavnard, McCormick, E,;abim
H, Moore, Moriissey, Mungen. Orth, Peters, Phelps,
Reading, Rogers, Schuinaker, Joseph S. Smith, Wil-
liam J. Smith, William Smyth, Stiles, fttoughton,
Strader, Taffe, Van Trump, Wilkinson, Eugene M.
Wilson, and Wood—45.
So the amendment was rejected.
The brll, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WOODWAliD. I regard this as so
important a proposition that I call the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative-—yeas 94} nays 49, not voting
53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Archer, Armstrong. Ar-
nell, Banks,^ Beaman, Benuclt, Bingham, Blair,
Bowen, Buihnton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Uike, Calkin, Chuichill, Clarke, Amusa Cobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn,Cook, Conger. Cobles. CuUom,
Davis, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey, Dix^ij, Dockery
Duval, Farnsworth, Fernss, Ferry, Fmkclnburgl
lysner, iiteh, Garhcld, Hale, Hawkins, Ilawley,
it oar, Hooper, Hopkins, Hotcuki&s, Ingersoil,
Jenckes, Alexander H, Jones, Judd, Julian, ICel-
1^'Kelsey, lverr, Ketcham, Lash, Lawrence, Logan,
McCaitby, McCrary, ISUakira 11. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Neglcy,
O Neill, Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer, Phelps,
loland, Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser, Roots, Sargent,
►Sawyer, SeofioM, Shanks, Sheldon, William J. Smith,
Vv orthington C. Smith. Stokes. Tanner, Tillman,
lownsend, Twicheil, Upson, Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwaladvr C. Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, and
Watcher—94.
Adam?, Ambler, Beatty. Benton,
Bird, Brooks, Cessna, Dickinson,Eidndge.Getz, Gol-
laday, Griswold, Hamill, Hay, Holman, Thomas L.
Joues, JKnott, Laflm, Louorhridgc, W. irsbull, Mav-
nam McNeeiy, Mereui, Mofiet, Morgan, Niblack,
Paokcr, Randall, Reeves. Rice, Santord, S.ocum,
btevetis, Stevenson, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble Ty-
^er. Van Auken, Voorhees. Will.am B. Wa«hburn,
Welker, Whittemore, Willams, Eugene M. Wuson,
John I, Wilson, Winaiib, Winchester, and Wood-
Wfii'u—4 J.
NOT VOTIKG — Messrs. Ames, Asper, Axtell'
Jj.mcy, bwk, Benjamin. Biges, Boles. Boyd, Burr,
Bj^jamm F Butler, Cleveland, Crebs,Donley, Dyer,
Lr i Giifillan, Greene, Ha'ght, Haldeman,
xiarnbleton, Hamilton, Heaton, Hill, Hoag. John-
pon, ^napp Lyncn Maynard, McCormick, McGrew,
fc>amuol P. Morrill, Morriasey, Muugen, Peters, Read-
ing. Rogers, fechenek. bchumaker, John A. Smith,
Joseph S. fctnith, William Smyth, Stiles. Stone,
broughtun, grader, Strickland. Taffe. Van Trump,
Wilkinson, Willard, and Wood—53.
So the bill was passed,
Mr. WASHBURN", of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to,
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agrfeed to.
message from the senate.
i A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlix,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
I Senate joint resolution No 29, in relation to
the Burlington and Missouri river railroad
! branch of the Union Pacific railroad.
elections in louisiana.
Mr. BURR. I ask unanimous consent to_
offer the following resolution for consideration
at this time:
Resolved, Thai the Speaker he authorized to des-
ignate from the members of the House a.n additional
member of the sub-Committee ot Elections, with all
the rights, privileges, and authority vested in < h e
members of sa:d sub-committee by resolution of the
House of date April 7, 1869.
I will explain in a word the reason for this
resolution. The House this morning adopted
a resolution authorizing the appointment of a
sub-Committee of Elections to take testimony
in Louisiana during the recess of Congress. It
will not be possible for the m:nority members
of the Committee of Elections to attend to that
duty. I therefore ask the House to adopt the
resolution I have read.
The motion was adopted.
paraguayan difficulties.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for adoption at
this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
to whom was referred the memorial of Porter C. Bliss
and George F. Masterman, be authorized to conduct
their investigation as directed by the resolution of
the House of March 19,1869. during the sessions of
the House and the recess of Congress, and to employ
a clerk at the same rate of compensation paid to ihe
clerk of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ARNELL. I object to the latter clause
of the resolution, in relation to the employment
of a clerk.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I am willing that
portion of the resolution shall be referred to
the Committee on Accounts.
The portion of the resolution authorizing
the appointment of a clerk was accordingly
referred to the Committee on Aecounts.
The question was upon adopting the remain-
der of the resolution.
Mr. SCOPIELD. It seems to me this is a
very small matter to be investigated bya com-
mittee during the recess of Congress.
Mr. BANKS. If it is to be investigated at
all the committee should be authorized to sit
during the recess. The testimony will be vol-
uminous, and we cannot take it during the
regular sessions of the House. It is abso-
lutely necessary to give the committee this
authority or I would not ask it. Every mem-
ber of the committee will bear me out in my
statement.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
great and little osage lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent for
the appointment of a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the joint resolution of the Senate No. 19,
enabling actual settlers to purchase certain
lands of the Great and Little Osage Indians.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
naturalization.
Mr. DAYIS, by unanimous consent, reported
back from th  Committee on the Judiciary
House bill No. 121, to establish a uniform
system of naturalization and to regulate pro-
ceedings under the same, with a substitute;
which was ordered to be printed, and, with the
bill, recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
jnoved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
T he latter motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I ask unanimous
consent of the House that Senate bill No. 259,
to remove political disabilities from certain
persons, be now taken from the Speaker's
table and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ARNELL. I object.
indian tlloublks in arizona.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following preamble
and resolution for consideration at this time :
Whereas every moil brings well authenticated
reports ot bold and brutal outrages committed by
the hostile Indians of Arizona upon the settlers in
and travelers through that Territory, and life and
property are in various districts utterly insecure j
and whereas the present military force there is
wholly inadequate to the proper protection of the
people, and in the opinion ot the G-neral of the
armies of the United States it will be difficult if not
impossible to send more regular troops there: There-
fore,
Jiesolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to consider tne propriety of authorizing
the Governor of said Territory to recruit i regiment
of volunteers liom the inhabitants for the purpose
of cooperation with the regular force in movements
against such hostile Indians, and if deemed expe-
dient to confer su"h authority then to repoit to this
House a bill for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object,
and call for the regular order.
message from tiie president.
A message in writing from the President
of the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary.
reconstruction georgia.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness has been called for.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. 259, to enforce the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution and
the laws of the United States, and to restore
the State of Georgia to the republican govern-
ment elected under its new constitution.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, the meas-
ure under discussion belongs to that revolu
tionary class of legislation which is utterly
unknown to the Constitution, contrary to all
laws now existing upon the subject, and in
open and direct violation of every precedent
and pledge made by that dominant party which
now controls every department of the Govern-
ment.
The proposition to overthrow and destroy a
State by the action of Congress would once
have alarmed and convulsed the country and
called the people together in amazement and
horror like a fire-bell startling the still air
of midnight. Once it would have been re-
garded as more menacing to American liberty
and to the existence of the Republic than an
invading army as mighty as that Persian host
which followed Xerxes to Greece. Once the
whole land would have resounded with angry
and terrified outcries upon the bare mention
of such a design. It was once, indeed, a for-
bidden topic. Men did not speak or write or
think in former days upon a theme so subver-
sive of every principle which upholds our form
of government. How changed is all this now !
It is a well-known principle of mental philos-
ophy that the human mind at last places itself
on terras of etisy familiarity with the most
painful and revolting vicissitudes of an evil
fortune, and even tolerates with indifference
the worst forms of vice when, it is found that
there is no escape from the association. So it
has become here. The wholesale destruction
of States by this body during the last four
years has reduced the dark and fearful crime
to a commonplace occurrence. The bill there-
fore now before us, malignant, monstrous, and
lawless as it is, presents itself with the air of one
which expects to excite no surprise, whose bale-
ful features have no novelty, which bears a
perfect family likeness to many that have been
here before, and which claims our recognition
because of our intimate acquaintance with its
kindred.
Sir, during the entire war everv State whose
people were in rebellion was constantly rec-
