1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
that we are, and by which aloue we can attain
to all that we hope to be ?
message from the senate.
A message from the Seriate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a bill (H. it.
No.jMM) to repeal an act of the Legislature
of New Mexico imposing a capitation tax on
bovine cattle.
indian appropriation bill.
The message from the Senate further an-
nounced that the Senate had insisted on its
amendments, disagreed toby the House, to the
bill (H. R. No. 123) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 80, 1870, had disagreed to
the amendments of the House to the other
amendments of the Senate, had asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Mr. Fesskjtdex,
Mr. Haiu.ax, and Mr. Cole conferees on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed on the part of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
evening session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] will allow
me, I desire to make a motion for a recess, so
that this debate may be continued at the even-
ing session, and that we may bring the ques-
tion to a vote as soon as possible.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it is the pleasure of the
House, I propose to conclude my own remarks
now. I do not intend to detain the House at
great length.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that there be
evening sessions until the further order of the
House.
Mr. BTNGHAM. I do not object to an
evening session after I have concluded my
remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
have the debate finished to-night and the vote
taken to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope we shall have
evening sessions from now to the end of this
session for business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman from Ohio yield to me to move for
an evening session?
Mr. BROOKS. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield for the pur-
pose of having it determined whether there-
shall be an evening session or not, but I wish
to finish my remarks before the recess.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that when the House adjourns it be to meet
again at half past seven o'clock p. m. for the
purpose of having an evening session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that weshall
have sessions every evening for business.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move, then, to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. I eannot yield the floor
to be diverted from niv argument in this way.
Mr. FARNSWOR TH. Then let us have a
session this evening.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not my purpose to
delay the House at any great length. I know
that the House is weary of this discussion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 will
then, that we shall have a session this
owning.
Mr. BINGHAM. With the understanding
that no vote shall be taken on this question.
Mr. BROOKS. Nor on any other.
The SPEAKK11. As the Chair understands
the proposition, it is that the House shall take
a i..cess until halt' past seven o'clock p. in. to
have an evening session lor the discussion of
the pending bill, no vote to be taken on that
or an\ other proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that. I
want an evening session for business. If we
can come to a vote on this question let us
take it.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order
of business. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio ■
must yield the floor absolutely or proceed with <
his remarks. j
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I now desire ;
to make good my statement that the fourth i
section of this bill applies to every State of !
this Union, and I think the gentleman from >
Massachusetts will have the candor to admit it. i
The title of the bill, which of course does not '<
control the text of the bill, indicates clearly ,
enough that the draftsman intended It as a
law which would have application elsewhere '
than in Georgia. This is the title: "A bill to
enforce the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution and the laws of the United States,
and to restore the State of Georgia to the
republican government elected under its new
constitution."
The first three sections and the sixth section !
of the bill apply exclusively to the State of j
Georgia. The fourth and fifth sections apply j
to every State of the Union, including Geor- j
gia. The provisions of the fourth section are >
that whoever—- I
Shall exercise or claim to exercise the powers and 1
duties ot any office, either legislative, executive, !
judicial, oradministrative.beingdisqualified bylaw :
from holding office under the United States Govern- '
ment because of participation m any manner in the
late rebellion, or who shall have exercised the duties !
of any office or public station where by law he was
required to take an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States and thereafter engaged in in-
surrection or rebellion against the United States, or
^ gave aid or comfort to its enemies, or rendered vol-
untary or involuntary support or aid to any insur-
" rection or rebellion against the United States, or held
any office under, or gave any support to, any gov-
ernment of any kind organized in hostility to the
United States, or levying war against the United
States, unless he shall have been relieved by act of
Congress, as provided by section three of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, from the disability thus incurred, shall be
punished, on conviction before the district court of
the United States, by impugnment lor not less than
one year nor more than fiie years, and in addition
be forever disqualified from holding any office of
honor or profit under the laws of the United States.
Who can gainsay for a moment the state-
ment that the language used in the fourth sec- j
tion, the term "whoever," applies to every ■
singieliuman beingin every State of this Union !
who shall exercise or claim to exercise the ;
powers and duties of any office? Who can
stand here, in the presence of this light of ,
heaven in which we live and deny that the pro-
vision does extend to the man who did invol- i
untarily support or aid the rebellion : and when
this is confessed I want to know bv what law.
human or divine, we can make any man a
criminal and thus strip him of his rights under
the Constitution of the country for an act which
was involuntary, an act that was done under
coercion, an act that, was done in a iand swept
by the storm of battle when his own Govern-
ment was silent and its arm was shortened that
it could not save? I undertake to say that any j
such legislation will receive the universal con- !
damnation not only of the American people, j
but of the civilized world. It ought to find no :
place in your statute-book. j
Mr. Speaker. I want to know by what title 1
gentlemen undertake to add by congressional
legislation qualifications for office in the sev-
eral States of this b moil ? I ask gentlemen to
remember that the language of tlu fourth sec-
tion is •' auv office, legislative, executive, judi-
cial, or administrative." Any office includes
every office. Sir, by what title or authority
can the Congress of the United States super-
add qualifications beyond those prescribed in
the Constitution of the United States for office
in the several States of this I nion?
We are reierrod to the fourteenth article of
amendment. The only provision ot the Con-
stitution which prescribes qualifications for
office in tlie several Stales of the Union is
found in the fourteenth amendment, and it con-
tains no tuch provisions as are found in the
fourth section of this bill. The third section
of the fourteenth amendment provides—
That no person shall beaSenntoror Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States or under any State who. having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an exeeurive or judi-
cial officer of any State to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrec-
tion against the same or given aid or comfort to tbo
enemies thereof. Bat Congress may, by a two-thirds
vote of each House, remove such disability.
The House and the country will notice that
this third section of the fourteenth amendment
applies only to five classes of persons, namely,
to members of Congress, officers of the United
States, members of a State Legislature, and to
•executive or judicial State officers who shall
have previously taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States, and shall
have thereafter engaged in rebellion or insur-
rection. The word " engaged" can never be
tortured by any judge, short of such a monster
as Jeffreys, to mean who shall have "rendered
involuntary support or aid to any insurrection
or rebellion against the United States." The
word "engaged" necessarily imports, and so
every honest man in America will interpret it,
the voluutary, deliberate act of the party who
broke his oath and engaged in rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, what i have read in the third
section of the fourteenth amendment is the only
disqualification imposed by the Constitution of
the United States upon State officials. I beg
leave to repeat my question : by what author-
ity do we undertake to impose the additional
qualifications contained in the fourth section
of this bill as to every officer in every State,
and also in the second section as to members
of the Legislature of Georg'a? There is, in
my judgment, no color of authority for this
legislation in the Constitution of this country.
It is in vain that gentlemen appeal to me about
putting the fifteenth article of amendment in
peril when they ask me to engage in legisla-
tion like this, for I tell them in all candor and
fairness that the fifteenth amendment is not
worth the paper it is printed upon if we thus
legislate. What are constitutions worth if
oaths are to be broken by the representatives
of a free people in their legislation under the
Constitution ?
I speak this for myself and for those who
agree with me in my interpretation of this bill.
Of course my words do not apply to gentlemen
who find no limitation in the Constitution in
this behalf, who think that the Congress of the
United States, under the Constitution, has full
power to impose whatever fetters it pleases
upon an organized State of this Union. I am
not of that class of thinkers : therefore I am
not able to arrive at any such conclusion. Pei-
mit me to remind gentlemen, in suppoit of all
that 1 have said, that the Constitution contains
the^e words :
" l'he powers notdelegatcd to theUnited States by
the Constitution, nor rrohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the
people.''
The powers that are reserved to the people
are general, unwritten powers. Those that are
reserved to the States are the powers defined
in their respective constitutions and laws under
and not in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States. You have no moie right under
the Constitution to superadd qualifications to
any official in any State of the Union beyond
those named in the third section than you have
to superadd qualifications under your Consti-
tution to the eligibility of members to the House
of Commons ot England. I am not stating it
ton strongly.
Mr. Speaker. I beg leave to say that I speak
with the more freedom on this subject because
the American people have spoken, and by their
adoption of the foul teen til amendment declared
what sha' i be a disqualification for office in any
State. .
Sir, it becomes the Representatives of the
people to bow to their decision. When they
ratified the fourteenth article ot the amend-
