604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
merits they thereby proclaimed the words, plain
and clear, not to be misunderstood by any man,
tliat to that extent, and to that extent Only,
should the Congress of the United States have
power to interfere with official qualifications
in any State of this Union as to State officers.
We have a statute on this subject of qualifica-
tion for office under the Government of the
United States. The gentleman can doubtless
explain to suit himself, for he is a gentleman
of ability and learning, why that statute was
restricted to officers under the Government of
the United States if Congress had the power
to extend it to all State officers, but I doubt
whether he can explain it to suit the judgment
of this House or of the American people. Nor
can he well explain why a new power over State
officers was inserted in the Constitution by the
fourteenth amendment if by mere legislative
enactment we can superadd other disqualifi-
cations. The fourth section of the gentleman's
bill provides iu effect that persons " disquali-
fied by law from holdingofficeunderthe United
States Government because of participation in
any manner in the late rebellion" shall be
disqualified from holding any office whatever
in the several States of this Union.
I knpw the gentleman may say that he does
not intend it to apply to the several States.
But where are his words of limitation? The
statute will extend to every rood of the Re-
public. If this bill should become a law it
will, so far as it has any validity under the
Constitution, operate, in the words of the act,
upon "whoever shall exercise or claim to
exercise the powers and duties of any office,
either legislative, executive, judicial, or admin-
istrative;" that is, upon every officer in every
State of the Union. Where is the law that
justifies this as to officers under the United
States Government? You do not find such justi-
fication in what is known as the test-oath act.
The language of that act is—
"That hereafter every person elected or appointed
to any office of lionor or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United State?, either in the civil, mili-
tary, or naval departments of the public scrviee,
excepting the President of the United Slates, shall,
before entering upon the duties of such office, and
before being entitled to any of the salary or other
emoluments thereof, take and subscribo the follow-
ing oath or affirmation: "l,AB,do solemnly swear
(or affirm) that. I have never voiuntaiily "—
Not involuntarily—
"I liave never voluntarily boincarms against the
United States since I liave been a eifizen thereof;
that X have voluntarily given no aid. countenance,
counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged in
armed hostility thereto; that I have neither sought
nor accepted nor attempted to exercise the functions
of any olBco whatever under any authority or pre-
tended authority iu hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution within the United States hostile or mimical
thereto.' "
That is all the limitation. Let it be ob-
served by the House and the country that Con-
gress passed this act in 18G2, in the darkest
hours of our great civil conflict; yet it never
entered into the mind of any man to move to
extend that provision to the officials of the
several organized States of this Union. Why ?
Because you had no authority to do it, and by
the amendment since adopted, as I have already
shown, yonr authority has not been enlarged
beyond the five classes of persons and the causes
therein named. If the gentleman should intro-
duce a bill providing simply that any person
disqualified by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendment from holding an
office kuowing himself to be within the dis-
qualification, hold or attemptto hold such office
in any State, should be subject to pains and
penalties, I suppose that no one would object
to it. But here is language proposing to ex-
tend the disqualification and the punishment
to any officer, legislative, executive, judicial,
or administrative, who has rendered aid vol-
untarily or involuntarily to the rebellion. Such
a provision finds no support in your test-oath
act; it finds no support in your Constitution ;
it can find no support in the enlightened judg-
ment of men, or the enlightened conscience
of the civilized world.
Having said this much, Mr. Speaker, I pro-
pose to yield ten minutes of my time to my
colleague, [Mr. Schenck,] who desires, I
believe, to say a few words on this subject.
Before doing so, however, I desire to say that
whenever in the progress of this discussion it
shall be the pleasure of the House to support
the demand for the previous question, 1 pro-
pose to move the postponement of this bill to
the first Monday of next December. I desire
to state another reason in favor of such post-
ponement. The Legislature of Georgia has
already adjourned. This bill upon its face
leaves it discretionary with the Governor not
to convene that Legislature until the end of
six months from the passage of this act, or in
other words, until within fifty days of the time
of our reassembling. I am assured by some
of the representatives of republican principles
and of constitutional liberty in Georgia, who
have to-day honored me with their attention,
that they have no doubt whatever that the
supreme court of the State, if left to act in June
next upon this question of the right of colored
citizens to be elected to office in Georgia, as
presented on appeal in a case recently decided
upon the circuit, will settle the question for
the right, so that the Legislature of Georgia
will have nothing to do but to submit to the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal of their
State, and that the Legislature will submit to
such decision and act upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman name the high officials to whom he
he has referred, so'that we can all have the
same knowledge that he has?
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well. I name Mr.
Caldwell. Is the gentleman acquainted with
him? He was a Republican member of the
Legislature of Georgia who voted against the
expulsion of colored citizens from the Legis-
lature, and protested againstit, as he does now.
I also name Mr. Fannin and Mr. Holden. Of
course I take the word of those gentlemen for
the facts they have stated. I have seen nothing
in their conduct that leads me to doubt the
truth of their statements. I think they under-
stand this question about as well as any mem-
ber of this House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
the supreme court should happen to decide the
other way ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Suppose they do ; when
the question comes up in the proper form and
at the proper time I will be ready to meet it,
but not in this form. No decision of the
supreme court of Georgia could ever justify
this legislation or give any color of authority
for it. It can never command my support, no
matter what the supreme court may decide.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What in
the opinion of the gentleman would be the
proper form?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no idea of under-
taking to dictate anything of the kind now. I
do not believe such legislation as this is wise
and proper. I believe Indiana, by the action
of her Legislature, is to-day just as much in
revolt against the requirements of the Consti-
tution as is the State of Georgia.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On that
point I agree with the gentleman.
Mr. BINGHAM. Bat I do not propose to
enter upon that question now. I yield for ten
minutes to my colleague, [Mr. Sciiexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I have but this moment
returned to this Hall, having been called away
to one of the Departments, and I do not know
what course of argument has been pursued by
my colleague, [Mr. Bingham,] or any one else
who has addressed the House within the last
hour or two. I feel disposed, however, within
the very few minutes allowed me by the courtesy
of my colleague, to state the reasons which
will influence me to vote in favor of postpon-
ing the further consideration of this subject
until the next session of Congress.
This question in regard to the condition of
Georgia is one surrounded with difficulties.
Georgia has behaved, through her Legislature,
in such manner that my disposition has been
to reach out as strong hand of the Government
as could be exercised for her control in order
to reduce her to good behavior. But here aie
the questions, troublesome questions, which
lie in the way of any action in regard to her.
Under the reconstruction laws, and under the
control and directions of the military officer in
command of that department, Georgia elected
her Legislature ; that Legislature was organ-
ized, and a general organization of the State
government was had. _ In doing so Georgia
was permitted—as I think now, looking back
at all she did—to violate in several particulars
the acts of reconstruction. I think that the
military commander was mistaken iu permit-
ting 'that Legislature to organize under the
circumstances and in the manner and with the
oaths and tests that were permitted in regard
to that Legislature. But if we go a step fur-
ther in that history we find that the various
departments of this Government, including the
legislative department, acquiesced in what was
done. There was a waiver of all objection at
the time on the part of this Government in all
its different departments, and in none more
than here in this very legislative branch of the
Government. We recognized them as having
a Governor, State officers, and subordinate
officers—as a part of the reconstructed State
government under the reconstruction acts.
We even went so far as to accept, so far as
they were in other respects eligible, Represent-
atives of Georgia on this floor.
What is the next step in this history ? The
Legislature of Georgia, after having convened,
after having passed upon the qualifications
and returns of their members, turned around
at a later period of their session and expelled
a portion of the.r members because of a differ-
ence of race and color. I regard that as a rev-
olutionary act on the part of Georgia and tlia
Georgia Legislature; an outrage for which
there is no excuse, no reasonable pretext.
But, then, suppose Ohio or Pennsylvania or
Massachusetts had done something equivalent
to it, how are we to remedy it? It is claimed
that we are to throw ourselves upon the doc-
trine that Georgia has never been recon-
structed. But we are estopped from doing
that from the very fact that wc have heretofore
acquiesced completely in that reconstruction.
What, then, are we to do? Are we to regard
her as not maintaining a republican form of
government? If we take that ground, what
should be the next step? To disregard all
that Georgia has d,one ; to go back and wipe
out lier whole State government, and remand
her to the control ot the military. Now, if
that were proposed, although I cannot readily
see bow we could adopt that as the solution
of.the difficulty, because of other questions
that lie in the way, yet if that were proposed,
I confess I would feel freer to adopt such a
method of proceeding than to resort to the
measure which is now proposed. Georgia
cither has or has not a republican form of gov-
ernment. She either has or has not so revo-
lutionized by the action of her Legislature as
to forfeit all right to be regarded as one of the
reconstructed States now in the Union. If
she has gone so far as that, if she has no repub-
lican form of government, then all that she
has done ought to be swept out ot the way,
and we should go back to where Geoigia was
before she took any step in reconstruction.
This, as I have said, I would regard as prefer-
able to such a proposition as that which is now
made. For what is the present proposition It
is that we shall recognize Georgia as parily in
the Unionand parily outof the Union ; that we
shall recognize her as having a Governor, as
having other State officers, as having a Legis-
lature, but that we shall undertake to interfere
with and control that Legislature at its reas-
sembling and its other action, saying what it
shall do and what it may not do, as we would
not in the case of any State recognized as being
in the Union. Underthisproceedmg we neither
do one thing nor another ; we neither wipe all
