606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
ity while there are only two in the minority on
the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
Mr. BROOKS. We waive our right.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
demand the previous question. More than
that, this matter belongs to the committee, and
they can report at any time.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. It is too late. _
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. If I can have the attention
of the House I will state the reason why I
wish to refer this to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. In the general principle of that mes-
sage all those with whom I associate will
concur. We are as desirous of reconstructing
Virginia and Mississippi as the gentleman from
Massachusetts can possibly be.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Restoring.
Mr. BROOKS. Reconstructing or restor-
ing, whatever it may be.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I thought
you voted on your side to postpone the recon-
struction of Mississippi.
Mr. BROOKS. Because it was such an
infernal bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg par-
don ; it was the bill of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farssworth.]
Mr. BROOKS. The one we voted to post-
pone was a bill reported by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, a bill of pains and penalties.
What I mean to say is, the Reconstruction Com-
mittee have already expressed their opinions
once upon the reconstruction, regeneration,
recuperation, or restoration of Mississippi.
Their opinions are well known to the House,
and have been already acted upon or adjudi-
cated by the House in the matter of postpone-
ment. I think by referring the matter of Mis-
sissippi especially to the Committee on the
Juc.iciary, which has a large majority of mem-
bers on that side of the House, two only be-
longing to this side, a report may be made from
that committee with which all sides of the
House will be likely to agree, carrying out the
principle recommended by the message of the
President of a separate submission to the peo-
ple of Mississippi and Virginia of the parts of
the constitution at an election to be held under
the direction of the commanding generals. I
move, then, that the message be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with power to
report at any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. DICKEY. And I object.
Mr. BROOKS. To avoid, any further dis-
cussion, if it be desired I will move the pre-
vious-question; but before doing so I am will-
ing to answer any questions, or to yield to any
one who wishes it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I had
moved the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have the floor and I yield
for a moment to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Faiinsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I simply desire to
give notice to the House that to-morrow, as
soon as I can get the floor for that purpose, I
shall call up the motion to reconsider the vote
on the reference of the joint resolution provid ing
for an election in the State of Virginia on her
constitution, and I shall ask a vote of the
House on the joint resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
demanded the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts distinctly closed his remarks, and
after the Chair had recognized the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] he then moved
the previous question, which was too late.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The first
remark I made was that I moved the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman's
debate afterward was a practical withdrawal
of the motion for the previous question, forhe
could not have debated the question if the
previous question was pending.
Mr. BROOKS. My motion is to refer the
message to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with leave to report at any time ; and I move
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The leave to report at
any time would require unanimous consent or
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose no gentleman
on the other side will object.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can it be possible that
gentlemen on the other side object ? I know
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] will not.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, and yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lawrence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE. The gentleman from
New York objects to the reference of the mes-
sage to the Committee on Reconstruction be-
cause he alleges that that committee have ex-
pressed their opinions upon this subject. The
opinions of the committee have not been in-
dicated in any manner except as they have been
indicated by their votes. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman if the opinions of the Judiciary Com-
mittee have not been expressed by their votes
just as emphatically as have the opinions of
the Committee on Reconstruction ; and further,
whether any member of the Committee on
Reconstruction has expressed any opinion
upon this message and the present condition
of things?
Mr. BROOKS. One word, and I will then
press the previous question. The Committee
on Reconstruction, by their bill and by their
determined action in regard to it, have resolved
that the control and direction of the election
in Mississippi shall not, be in the hands of the
military governor of Mississippi. Their opin-
ions have been expressed over and over again,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] made a long argument on thatground.
The Committee on the Judiciary have not ex-
pressed any opinion upon the subject. I con-
tend that the message of the President of the
United States, who ought to be supported by
his friends as well as by me, should be referred
to a new committee, who may report in favor
of the President's recommendation that Vir-
ginia and Mississippi be restored under the
auspices of the military in those respective
States.
Mr. WARD. I wish to ask my colleague a
question.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well.
Mr. WARD. Have not the members of the
Judiciary Committee also expressed an opin-
ion, by their votes, on the Mississippi bill?
Mr. BROOKS. They have made no report
on the subject. A majority of the committee—
I have not examined the record—may have
voted to postpone the Mississippi bill upon the
express ground that it did not comply with
what we now know to be the wishes of the
President. I demand the previous question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How does the gentleman
expect to get a report from the Judiciary Com-
mittee ?
Mr. BROOKS. By a suspension of the
rules, with the concurrence of tha gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and other friends of the
President.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That would require a two-
thirds vote.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; being first on Mr.
Brooks's motion, to refer the message to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 49, noes 64.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays. I
the question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were twenty-two in
the affirmative ; not one fifth of the last vote
Before the result was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell
ers; and there were thirty-six in the affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER. As the vote for tellers is
enough to order the yeas and nays, if there be
no objection the yeas and nays will be consid-
ered as ordered.
No objection was made.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Brooks, to refer the message of the Pres-
ident to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I believe we are all
hungry enough to go to dinner now, and there-
fore I move that the House adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and on a division there were—ayes
59, noes 64.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. WASHBUns,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Eldridge were
appointed.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Pending the question on the motion to ad-
journ,
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution of
the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same :
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) in relation
to the Burlington and Missouri River railroad
branch of the Union Pacific railroad.
indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Dawes, Mr. Bingham, and Mr.
Beck as the conferees on the part of the House
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon House bill No. 123, making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1870.
great and little osage lands.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed Mr. Julian', Mr. Clarke, and Mr.
Swann as the conferees on the part of the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon Senate joint resolution No. 19,
enabling actual settlers to purchase certain
lands of the Great and Little Osage Indians.
leave op absence.
Mr. BOLES asked and obtained indefinite
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Rogers,
on account of sickness.
Mr. CAKE asked and obt lined leave of
absence for one day.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. PROSSERasked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of Robert Kirkpatrick, of Ten-
nessee.
Mr. HILL asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House the petition
and papers of Samuel Earl, a soldier of the
war of 1812, for a pension.
william pollard.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, inclosing a letter from
the Solicitor and Naval Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, from which it appears that no report was
made by that officer in the case of William
Pollard, late assistant engineer of the Navy;
which was laid on the table.
election contest—iioge vs. reed.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent., also
laid before the House additional papers in the
contested-election case of Hoge vs. Heed, from
the third congressional district of the State of
