610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
brought forward no bills, and asked for action
upon no measures except those that were agreed"
upon. But if this resolution is now rescinded
we shall spend the rest of the season in general
legislation. We eaii adjourn as well on Sat-
urday as we can four mouths from Saturday.
if we follow the suggestion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and stay here as long as
we can find something to legislate about, we
shall stay here perpetually, for we shall find
propositions to legislate about all the time.
If Congress should remain in perpetual session
there would be something that somebody would
want to legislate upon always remaining. It
appears to have become a general idea now
among some that an act of Congress heals
everything. It is the only cure for any kind of
complaint or any grievance in the community-
An act of Congress is the remedy for all eom-
plaintSj whether civil, political, material, or
otherwise.
I believe it would be well for us to have a
vacation. That used to be the habit in this
country, and the country was satisfied with it.
There is less necessity for legislating now than
at any time I have ever seen. A new admin-
istration has just come into power. Let them
perfect their measures; let them have a little
time ; let them understand the situation in the
South. President Grant will have the facts to
lay before Congress as to the situation of the
South if you will let him have until next De-
cember; &nd we can then legislate utiderstand-
ingly; we shall see the situation and have all
the facts before He has not had time to
know the whole situation. If we could pass a
resolution to provide for an election in Virginia
that might be very well; but that involves a
great deal of examination ; and certainly no
harm can take place from a few months of
vacation. We have had a great deal of dis-
cussion in Congress and not enough of enforce-
ment of the laws according to our idea. The
great defect has been in the administration of
our laws, and before we make any other laws
let us give the laws as they now stand a fair
opportunity under the existing Administration.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, what is the
necessity for tliis adjournment on Saturday?
Why is it so important that Congress shall
adjourn on nest Saturday ? We know that the
business of Congress is not transacted. We
know that there are many important measures
that we ought to act upon. I have been satis-
fied all the time that this Congress ought not
to adjourn without taking action in reference
to the unreconstructed States. What are we
to gain by putting off action in regard to those
States until next winter? Will they be in
better condition then than they are now? No,
sir ; they are getting worse instead of better;
and they will get worse the longee they are
allowed to remain in their present chaotic and
disordered condition. We have gone forward
in the work of reconstruction until we have
getteri about two thirds done, and we seem to
have gotten tired and to have abandoned it at
that point. There is just as much necessity
now for taking hold of this work of recon
struction as there was two years ago ; but a
sort of lethargy seems to pervade iu Congress
011 that subject.
Now, sir, the condition of Georgia is anom-
alous. I think all or nearly all of us admit
that something ought to be done in regard to
eo'-gia. We ought to take some steps in re-
gard to Virginia, Texas, and Mississippi, and
why do we not stay and do it? Why the im-
portance of adjourning this week? Our time
belongs to the nation, and we ought to stay
ln're just as long as it is necessary for the Gov-
ern meat or the good of the nation that we
Kiinuiu stay.
I say our time belongs to the nation, and we
should not run away and leave the business
especially theimportant business of the nation',
untransacted. It is true we might find some-
thing to do if we staved here all summer, but
the most of the time would beoceupied perhaps
in comparatively unimportant business. j
But, sir, here are a few vital measures. I j
say "vital,'' and we all know that they are
vital. We should stay here until they are dis-
posed of one way or the other. The President
of the United States is so deeply convinced
upon this subject that he has presented to us
the importance of legislating in regard tn the
unreconstructed States before we leave here.
We cannot do it between this and next Satur-
day night; there is no time for it; and if we
say that we will adjourn 011 next Satnrday, it
is equivalent to saying that we will go away
and leave this business unfinished. When we
vote to adhere and stand by our resolution for
adjournment on next Saturday, it is, in sub-
stance, saying that we will go away from here
without having attended to this most important
business. Then, if we are willing to attend to
this business, if we are anxious to take such
measures as may be necessary in regard to
four great States in this Union, we must rescind
that resolution of adjournment, and give more
time. Perhaps we can adjourn at the end of
next' week, 011 Saturday week ; or by putting
off the adjournment for ten days we can, per-
haps, accomplish all that may be necessary; but
we cannot do it between this and next Satur-
day night. It is more important that we stay
here a few days longer and attend to this most
necessary and vital business—it is far more
important than that we should get away from
here a few days earlier, to do what? Some
of us may have important private business ;
some of us are tired of staying here, as I know
I am. I am anxious to get home ; but I feel
that my first duty is to stay here until the im-
portant business of the nation is transacted. I
shall vote for the resolution offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, one of
the few things which the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts is perfectly willing to avow
frankly his inability to understand is how Con-
gress, and particularly how the Senate of the
United States, ever can adjourn. That such a
thing should occur is one of the few mysteries
iu this world inscrutable to the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Massachusetts. Well, sir, the weight
of his words, whatever that weight may be on
most subjects, is greatly lessened, the force of
his argument is greatly impaired by the fact,
to which many of those who hear me can bear
personal witness, that for years and years, no
year and no occasion being an exception, he
has raised his warning voice to the people of
this country, and especially to his associates, in
reference to the danger, the unseemliness,
theimpropriety, the out-of-time suggestion of
adjourning sine die the Congress of the United
States. During the reign of the late execu-
tive head of the nation that honorable Senator
was greatly reenforced in his arguments. While
the two eminent persons of whom I speak were
conspirators in nothing else, they may without
offense be deemed confederates in the joint
business of necessitating prolonged sessions of
Congress. The President by his conduct and
the suspicions he inspired created the necessity
for inventing an extraordinary mode of secur-
ing, if necessary, the convention of Congress—
a mode the origin of which you, Mr. Presi-
dent, will remember, for it occurred under your
eye in the other House. Then we had no faith
that the President of the United States under
the Constitution would convene Congress upon
occasion arising; on the contrary, we feared
that the propriety and rectitude of such occa-
sion migkt be the very reason why he would re-
frain from summoning the two Houses. There-
fore we adopted the mode to which I have
referred, providing contingent sessions, which
occurred depending upon the sense of the ma-
jority, which sense was ultimately committed
to the two chairmen of informal committees,
and they advising with you, sir, as the Presid-
ing 0 (Beer of the House, and your predecessor
ni that- chair as the Presiding Officer of the
Senate, determined for us all and to our satis-
Uction whether in truth a session should occur
or not.
1 say this extraordinary mode of proceeding
was based upon a want of confidence in the
Executive. Does that want of confidence con-
tinue? Has it not been supplanted by an
assurance upon which we all rest undoubt-
ingly, and which meets the only cogent sug-
gestion presented by the honorable Senator ?
He says who knows that, in the months which
are to intervene between now and December,
disorder may not occur in the South, disorder
ol such a character that legislation ought to
correct it. Well, sir, I retort upon the honor-
able Senator by saying does he know, does he
venture to suggest that the President of the
United States, occupying a position conspicu-
ously adapted to enable him to see such a con-
tingency, will not act upon it, and will not
under the Constitution call upon us to come
here and do that thing which would belong to
the contingency which the honorable Senator
supposes? I think nobody is ready to venture
upon such a suggestion.
What is it, then, that renders it important
to rescind a resolution adopted after many
alternatives had been suggested, deliberately
adopted, and the wisdom of which has been
thoroughly proved by the actual experiment of
thesession? Letussee. The President of the
United Stales has transmitted to us a message
suggesting that it might be well to consider the
case of Virginia. The President of the United
States, in transmitting that message, labored
or profited, as the case may be, under the fact
of not having been a member of either House,
and particularly of not having been a member
of that committee in which this subject had
been considered over and over again. His
communication contains most wise and con-
siderate suggestions, which with me have had
the effect to augment the confidence which I felt
in him before. It came here, it was referred by
the action of this body to a committee deemed
the appropriate committee, which committee,
although the same subject had been maturely
considered before, immediately assembled and
considered it again, and with what result.'
With a result concluding in a report recom-
mending that its further consideration be post-
poned until the next session of Congress. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts had
introduced his resolution in ignorance of that
report, because before the members of the
committee were able to regain their seats in the
Chamber after the hour of convention had
arrived; but hearing the report, he still persists
in this resolution, assigning as the head and
front of his reasoning this communication of
the President. Is the honorable Senator dis-
satisfied with the reference which the commu-
nication took ? If so, I wonder that he does
not move to refer it, for example, to the com-
mittee at the head of which he so ably and
efficiently stands, or to some other committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT; The Senator
from New York will suspend his remarks. The
morning hour having expired, the unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate,
being House bill No. 140, to -amend an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes,"
approved July 20, 1868.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that bill be
postponed half an hour for the further con-
sideration of this resolution.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not. I hope the
bill will not take very long.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator will see
that it is important to get through with the
resolution now under discussion.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this bill is to pass at
all it must pass to-day. Everybody must see
the necessity of passing it. There are disputi *
between the Senate and the House that will
probably take some time to settle. I am in
favor of the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and at the proper time will vote
for it, but now I hope this bill will be proceeded
with.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the bill be laid aside
informally; I think there will be no objection
to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I suggest that
the special order bp laid aside informally.
