1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
Mr. CONKLINGr and Mr. EDMUNDS. I
object.
Air. SUMNER. Then I move that the un-
finished business of yesterday be postponed for
half an hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the unfinished business of yesterday
be postponed until half past one o"clock.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no rule requir-
ing it to be postponed to any specific time. If
we are to lay the regular order aside to con-
tinue the consideration of the resolution rela-
tive to adjournment, let us lay it aside until we
conclude that question. Laying it aside tor
half an hour and then another half hour,
and then another, does not accomplish the
object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kansas that the ruling
of the present occupant of the chair is that it
the unfinished business is laid aside until some
other matter is disposed of it loses its place,
and for this reason: it is not within the knowl-
edge of the Senate or the Chair how many days
may be consumed in thediscussion of the mat-
ter that intervenes : but if it be postponed to
a specific time it must come up at that time
the same as at one o1 clock.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that; but
the point with me is this: if we proceed with
the consideration of the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, let us conclude it,
and then it will be in the power of the majority
to proceed to the consideration of any other
subject, and if the tax bill is not the most im-
portant question, let us proceed to the consid-
eration of the most important question. I shall
support the motion to lay aside the pending
question and continue the consideration of the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
to its close.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it will be time
enough to decide the question of rescinding
the adjournment resolution when we have more
nearly approached the time fixed for adjourn-
ment. 1 hope the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts will not prevail, but that we shall
go on with the business of the Senate, and per-
haps we may be able to get through with every-
thing that it is desirable to pass by to-morrow
night, or at least with everything that it is
essential that we should stay here to pass. _ I
hope, therefore, this motion to postpone will
not prevail, but that the Senator from Ohio
will be allowed to go on with his bill, and that i
when he is through with it we shall take up j
some other bill. It will be time enough to-
morrow to rescind the adjournment resolution,
if it is thought advisable to do it. In my judg-
ment there is no necessity for rescinding that
resolution unless we are to open the whole sub-
ject of reconstruction and go into a general
revision of the laws on that subject. If we are
to do that, we may be here until midsummer,
as some one has said. I think there is no
occasion for that. If any legislation is neces-
sary on that subject—and, for one, I think it
may be desirable—I believe we can pass all
that is essential in an hoar. I was myself, as
an individual member of the Judiciary Com
uiittee, in favDr of a resolution authorising an
election in Virginia to be held under the super-
vision of the commanding general, directed by
the President. I think we can pass such a
resolution as that in a very few minutes, and
that, perhaps, is the only State we need legis-
late about at all; or, if it be thought advisable,
a similar resolution may be passed m reference
to Mississippi- At any rate, I think it is not
advisable at this moment to rescind the reso-
lution of adjournment. I hope, therefore, ihis
motion to postpone will not prevail.
Mr. CON1CLING. Allow me to make a
suggestion to the honorable Senator hrfore lift
sits down. I am told that if anythingshould
he done by the Ilouse of Representatives on
ihis subject it will he in the nature of a resolu-
tion. very simple, such as he refers to, and
when that resolution conies here, as it perhaps
will, we fall then judge certainly much better
than no,w whether there be any necessity for
rescinding the resolution for adjournment.
Mr. RICE, As a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, I wish to say that I am de-
cidedly in favor of a resolution authorizing an
election in Virginia and Mississippi, and also ,
in favor of disposing of the case of Georgia; ■
but I fully agree with the Senator from Illinois j
that so far as Virginia and Mississippi are eon- 1
cerned without a rescission of the order of ;
adjournment we can pass a proper resolution, j
I do not think it will take half a day to pass j
such a resolution as he speaks of. I should be |
opposed to rescinding the order for adjourn- ]
meat, and at the same time I am in favor of j
authorizing an election in Virginia and Mis- i
sissippi. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is !
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to postpone the unfinished business for
half an hour.
Mr. ABBOTT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 30, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow.Corbett.Cragin,
Drake, Hamlin, Howard, Howe, Morton, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Sum-
ner, Thayer. Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Conk-
ling, I>uvis, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry, Fowler, Gil-
bert, Harris, Mc'Crecry, Morrill. Norton, IS ye, Pat-
terson, Kice, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, btockton,
Tliuruiun, Tipton, Trumbull, Willey, and Wil-
liams—30. _
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Cattell, Cole, Fessen-
den. Grimes, Hamilton, Harlan, Kellogg, McDon-
ald, Ramsey, Robeitson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Vickers, and Warner—16. j
message from tixk ii0cse. i
A message from the House of Represents- |
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced j
that the House insisted upoirits amendments .
to the joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) enabling :
actual settlers to purchase certain lands of the j
Great aud Little Osage Indians, disagreed to .
by the Senate, agreed to the conference asked ;
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the j
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. i
Gr. W. Julias of Indiana, Mr. S. Clarke of
Kansas, and Mr. Thomas swank of Maryland,
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 123)
making appropriations for the current and con- ,
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and ;
for°fulfilling treaty stipulations with various!
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, ItsiO,
insisted upon by the Senate, and insisted upon ;
its amendments to other amendments of the '
Senate to the said bill, agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the Houses thereon, and had appointed
1 Mr. H. L. Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr. J.
A. Bixgham of Ohio, and Mr. J. B. Beck
of Kentucky, managers at the same on its part.
KNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) in relation to the
Burlington and Missouri River railroad branch
of the Union Pacific railroad ; and it was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
RETIREMENT Ob' TUB VIUK PRESIDENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Vice Pres-
ident desires to state that, in accordance with
usage, in view of the approaching close of tne
session, he will retire from the duties of the
Chair after this day, so that the Senate may
to-morrow at its meeting elect a President pro
tempore to act until the December session of
Congress.
SITE KOU STATE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORltII j,. Before the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterdav is proceeded with, I ask tne
chairman of' the Committee out inance to give
way for a moment that I may be allowed to ca,l
up a joint resolution reported by me yesterday
in reiaiiim to a site for the State Dcpartmfut,
, which will occasion no debate. 1 here will be
1 no objerlion to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it creates no debate I
make no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I will not press it if there
is any objection or debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business will be passed by informally if there
be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 62) in relation to a site for a build-
ing for the State Department was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. By its terms
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of War, the architect
of the Capitol extension, the supervising
architect of the Treasury Department, and
the Superintendent of Public Buildings and
Grounds, are appointed a commission to select
a site for the erection of a building for a new
State Department, to cause plans to be made
for the same, with an estimate of the probable
cost thereof, and also to examine as to the pro-
priety of making some arrangements for the
War Department, if the commission should
reach the conclusion that the present site of
that Department is the most suitable for the
State Department, and report to Congress on
the first day of next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
whether under that resolution the selection
that the commission make will not be definite
and fixed ?
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me so.
Mr. MORRILL. They are merely to report
to the next Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know they are^ to
report; but they are authorized to select a site,
and they report the selection they have made,
aud that fixes it.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly not. They are
merely authorized to look and see on what
terms a proper site can be obtained, and report
the expense.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have no objec-
tion to a resolution of that character, but the
Senator from Vermont will pardon me for say-
ing that, according to my understanding, when
a resolution directs certain parties to select
a site for a particular purpose and to report to
Congress, so far as that selection is concerned
it is conclusive. By this resolution the com-
mission is also to inquire into the propriety of
a new building for the War Department. That
t portion of the resolution undoubtedly provides
] for a mere inquiry ; but the first part of the
! resolution, I think, should be amended so as
| to authorize these parties to inquire into the
j expediency of selecting a site, or to make
j some recommendation on the subject; but if
you authorize them to select a site that selec-
tion becomes binding upon Congress.
Mr. MORRILL. I am willing to modify the
resolution by inserting after the word " select''
the words "subject to the approval of Con-
gress.''' I move that amendment.
jj The amendment was agreed to.
i The joint resolution was reported to the
ji Senate as amended, and the amendment was
'j concurred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked and obtained leave to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 63)
authorizing the President to appoint a com-
mission to make a survey across the Isthmus
of Damn for a ship-railway or ship-canal;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, aud
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained. lea.ve to introduce a bill vS.
No. 271) to punish contempts of the courts of
the United States in certain cases ; wmch was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
i Mr THURMAN submitted an amendment
! intended to be proposed to the bill (S. No.2o6)
! in relation to bridges across the Ohio river ;
^ which w*is or<Ujrod it) be priutyu.
