1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
out to them, are never tempted, of course, by
the great corrupting influences around them
into words contrary to the justice and good of
the people ! If the people come ever to believe
the contrary of this, that you are the ready
tool of the oppressors of the people, that your
watchwords are but a delusion and a snare,
your influence will be less than now. But let
that go. If you are truthful and do stand
truly by the liberties of the people, and jvaj
on servitude, why slur my utterances; why
underrate the person who utters them, his
arguments, his facts, and his position ? If you
are true let us understand it. If you are the
tool of the rings, of jobbers, of the great mo-
nopolists of the State, of the bar, of land, or
ofLmoney, let us understand that also; and the
people, who are not yet, I hope, so far reduced
as to be incapable of striking a blow in defense
of their liberties, will know exactly where to
point their guns.
Let it be understood, once for all, that I will
not run a newspaper or organize a political
party. I am going to advocate a true system
of finance based on the great principle which
has presented itself to me—the power of the
people exercised directly in their own interest.
For myself I enjoy all I can aspire to ; and I
will not be drawn from a great idea, one which,
in my confident belief, will give to my coun-
trymen a higher and nobler position than has
ever been enjoyed or even aspired to by any
other people since the world began. If, how-
ever, I was President of the United States,
which is the only office that is the direct rep-
resentative of all the people, I should make
an effort to administer the office based on the
general interest and average opinion of the
people. To accomplish this I should throw
out from a semi-official source a glimpse of
measures that were to be acted upon, as Lin-
coln did, that there might come to me the
views of all conditions of people. It is true
safety thus to call up the general judgment;
and subjects of public consideration might by
this arrangement become so modified as prac-
tically not to be the one originally proposed,
and a disclaimer could not be impeached.
We are carrying on this Government now,
not only from the lawyer stand-point, but from
that of one set of political opinions. There is
no safety either to those who enforce the adop-
tion of such opinions or to the people for
whom they are enforced. And it is the part
of wisdom to oppose them by all the force of
reason and logic, presented in a public way,
«o that neither Radical, Democrat, nor Repub-
lican, nor Conservative, or what not, shall have
the whole destinies of the people regulated by
their theories or views. This is the true place
for the President, and it is also the best se-
curity for the people. Sir, it is in this as in
regulating the money matters of the country.
If the Government is carried on by hoarded
and centralized opinions our money affairs
may also be as securely carried on by a con-
dition of hoarded and centralized capital. The
latter I am at war with. I hope the Adminis-
tration will consider the suggestions I have
here thrown out.
I have repeatedly said that the remedy for
our financial difficulties is clear to me, and that
it is also sustained by the clearest proofs. Two
classesof minds are to be operated upon. Now,
the professional mind is affected by a present-
ation of views only when conclusive to it. The
professional man's opinions are modified or sus-
tained or changed altogether by the enforcing
on his conviction that form of truth which may
emtblehim to draw just conclusions.' We would
fail by the introduction of any other character
of influence than that to which he is most
accustomed. I have many times succeeded in
dislodging long-settled ideas and views by an- j
(agonizing with them stronger, or those which |
appeared to be more practical. The profes- ;
sional mind must, feel the force ot this use of
opinion, logic1, and reo-um to influence the
Initio, opinions, and reason of others. These
are [ raet'callv hoarded and ei'ii'r.ilued condi-
tions of h nnan thought upon which we seek to
operate. I do notuse the thumbscrew in remov-
ing opinions at variance with mine. I simply
desire to marshal thought against thought, that
the stronger may triumph. Thus, as mind must
meet mind to dissipate ignorance and error, so
money must meet money to dissipate capital
so injurious at this time to the popular welfare.
I would wish that as mind must contend with
mind, in the same manner money must dissi-
pate the hoarded and centralized conditions of
the money market. It seems to me that I mast
succeed in establishing my point with profes-
sional men by introducing new light into their
reflections.
Now, as to the unprofessional mind, the
business mind. When the merchant or manu-
facturer observes capital in a few hands, and
out of his reach, he feels its disastrous effects
on his trade and business. If he bids more
for it than his neighbor he gets it. He must
go into the market as to an auction. Now, he
knows-that the better condition would be that
it should come to him. It cannot go to him,
however, while in the condition of an auc-
tioneer's sale, because it has formed that busi-
ness relation. He must be made to see how
it can be freed from that relationship. Cer-
tainly if there was in the general money mar-
ket as great volume or breadth of capital as
is now held in few places, and out of his reach,
his condition would be very different. The
power of centralized, hoarded capital would
be equal all around him. If he was pressed
on one side by its influence, he would be sus-
tained by a counteracting pressure on the other.
A power that will produce that condition is
what he seeks. Having it clearly in my own
mind, let me see if lean demonstrate it to his.
When I draw from the hoarded or centralized
capital a part of itself into another equally cen-
tralized position—as from banks and bankers,
and other capitalists, into the Treasury—which
I really propose to do by force of the large
sums I would loan out derived from the gold
already in the Treasury by the issue of coin
notes thereon, together with the daily balances
there, and the Government-revenues and indi-
vidual and other deposits, which deposits are
consequent upon the loans, inasmuch as the
proceeds of such loans would be replaced in
the Treasury, subject only to the ordinary calls
of the depositors. Thus, as contemplated by
my bill, I should take away from one and give
to the other, and if by an arbitrary rule I give
it out on the general market from the Treas-
ury into which it had been drawn—and I re-
peat this process every day—have I not pro-
duced an equal condition of the market? Have
I not forced the capital of banks, bankers,
and capitalists down to a level by the money
pressure about them? Can they sponge up the
stream from the Treasury as fast as it flows?
Certainly not in their weakened state. It
seems to me that the intelligence of the busi-
ness mind mustatonce perceive the soundness
and strength of my position. The lesser must
give way to the greater, as is practically effected
in all countries where a low rate of interest
prevails.
The mass of the people must see that in do-
ing away with the great capitalists under whose
manipulations their labor is so unprofitably
employed, and substituting therefor a general
and equal pressure of money, of which ener-
getic and active men avail themselves, their
condition is substantially improved by labor
receiving its fair reward.
I think I shall convince the minds of the
masses of the people. I think I shall con-
vince them of the fruitlessness of striking at
that which, though now an enemy, may by the
measure I propose become a friend. The gen-
eral views and opinions touching currency be-
ing based upon the present ruinous condition
of things, cannot be relied upon as a refuge
from the evils felt by the people. _
The people must not be deceived by false
arguments as to the danger attending the loan-
ing of the public money or care of the deposits
received from the people. Arc not the great
banks now controlled by one or a few men un-
checked? Is not the people's money specu-
lated upoa and loaned by hundreds of irrespons-
ible persons—officials of the Government?
Is there any watch on their money except the
watch with which a boy in the Treasury is
charged? That is all. In every Government
the exercise of this supervision is in the hands
of the highest and best men of the nation.
This is not so with us. When objection is made
relative to this supposed danger, ask them if
you have not clothed the Congress with powers,
the judiciary with powers, and the Executive
with powers; all of which seem to be exer-
cised in the interest of each branch of the
Government for themselves? The Executive
is intrusted for his class; the Congress for the
politicians; the judiciary for the bar. Now,
shall not the people have the council of finance
in their interest?
It will surprise the American people to know,
and it may also be received with a smile when
they are for the first time told that the framsrs
of the Constitution failed to ingraft "upon it
that which gives life, vitality, and perpetuity
to a republican Government. They gave us—
intentionally or otherwise I know not—the
shadow and excluded the substance. The
provincial government and also the Union of
the States of the Netherlands two hundred and
sixty years ago in other forms gave far greater
liberty to the citizen than ours of to-day. It
also better preserves him in the possession of
his property. The original settlers of New
York and part of New England were from these
provinces. They were religious people. They
established, or thought they did, freedom of
conscience; for it was for this that they fled
from their homes. They were not familiar with
the great principle that underlies society, and
without the application of which the personal
liberty of the individual in the construction of
the State is such only in name. In the study
of the history of those States it will be found
that that principle is measurably disguised ;
but it pervades the whole system of Govern-
ment, and gives character and direction to it.
It is as it were a ruddsr to a ship—the most
insignificant part of a ship in appearance, but
it has a power indescribable, and only per-
ceived when it is applied. It was a principle
like this that gave to Holland two hundred
and sixty years ago sixty bushels of wheat to
the acre while we obtain but from five to
twelve; and which sent three hundred thou-
sand tons of fish to foreign markets ; whose
manufactures were sent to every clime; whose
harbors were almost inaccessible; and yet
whose commerce was larger than that of all
Europe besides; and whose territory—little
more than one half the State of Khode Island—
| sustained in constant employment three mil-
i lion people, and held possessions in America
1 and India, the latter of which she holds at this
day. She so remained without check until 1694,
when the principle on which her prosperity was
based was applied by the English people.
I say this principle pervades every phase of
the construction of the Government of the
provinces and the republic, and was the source
fiom whence came all of our forms of govern-
ment. The framers of the Constitution of the
United States exhibited, in my judgment, a
want of practical knowledge and real penetra-
tion when they failed to make that principle
the most prominent article of our Constitution.
Let us call it a discovery ; for no writer on
finance, no speculator or philosopher on the
action of money, concentrated toward a given
point and assaulting the enemy's capital, has
shown its results both on property and people.
I have said that the principle I speak of was
measurably disguised. I quote from the history
of those times:
" Wc ask why the conduct of the IJank [of Amster-
dam,] instead of being made public, is kept secret and
remains mysterious ? The true answer is, that should
the proprietors of the treasure lodged m the .bank ol
Amsterdam coino once certainly to kno\v that any
u«o was made of the money there deposited many ot
them would be apt to think they might as well em-
ploy it in thesame manner thcmselvos.
These words indicate exactly wherein was
