616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
concentrated means through which and on
which the great prosperity of that nation went
on and the republican form of government
maintained.
J say that in ray judgment this apology for
the Trainers of the Constitution goes but little
way when from the forms borrowed from the
Netherlands the real substance, that which
gave these forms value, the council of finance
and the loaning of the public money, was neg-
lected and omitted. The truth is, we have been
going on from the beginning of our course on
a carriage with but three wheels which ought
to have had four. The omission has brought
us to our present demoralized and dangerous
financial situation. This omission permitted
the creation of two great interests for mutual
destruction ; it caused the loss of the strength
of our best lands, kept our manufactures
stunted, almost destroyed our commerce, which
once destroyed can never restore itself.
The absence of the financial department of
our Government is best exhibited by an ac-
count of the council of finance in Burrish's
Batavia Illustrata, concerning the different
branches of that republic called the republic
of the Netherlands:
"Section IV.—Of the Council of State and General
Chamber of Accompts.
"The erection of the Council of State was projected
by the States of Holland, Zealand, and Utrecnt in
concert with that great politician William I. Prince
of Orange. The tragical and unexpected death of
this prince, contrary to ail expectation, produced
very little alteration in the measures that had been
taken in his lifetime lor the establishment, of this
oouucil, which the States General erected in the
same year, 158-i, with a very ample authority. Affairs
of State, both foreign and domestic, the army and.
revenue, wero all intrusted to hor care; but the
States themselves soon grow jealous of this extraor-
dinary power, which thoy resolved toreduoo gradu-
ally: and accordingly by a new instruction, in 1651,
tbo disposition of military affairs and tho command
of tho army, from being peculiar to tbe council, was
in part transferred to the States General, who now
give orders for the safety and defense of the State,
tho morion of the troops, and the operations of the
campaign. But this is not done without consulting
the council, however, which sfill retains the care of
raisiug and disbanding* clothing and arming the
soldicts, of exorcises and reviews, and in general of
all the unlit -ry disciplinoand economy. SheisJike-
wi-e charged with the care of the fortifications and
magazines of Gelderlaad and Overyssel, which make
tho frontier of the seven provinces.
" Business of Srate. especially that which is foreign,
deponds now entirely on the States General; but the
council still retains the inspection of the general
reveuuo of tho union, and gives orders for payments;
on which account the treasurer general has his seat
ot this board, and a right to dobate but not to vote.
The office of treasurers for life, which gives him an
opportunity of acquiring so perfect a knowledge of
affairs as makes him entirely necessary. It is he
wiio prepares every year under the authority of the
council an exnet account of the funds necessary for
maintaining the troops and officers in pay, and all
other expenses that regard the generality; which is
what they call I'Etat de la Guerre.
> "The receiver general attends here likewise, to
instruct the council what funds are in his hands;
which beingdone, he withdraws. The treaty-of union
obliges each province to levy certain taxes, to be
applied to the common necessities of the whole body;
but thisarticlccould noverbeex-'cutedand probably
never will, because tbe inland provinces, who have
little or no commerce, cannot possibly pay an equal
quota with those where trade flourishes. The iol-
lowmg proposition is what each province always
paya in the sum of one hundred gilders or florins
"They do not always confine themselves, how-
ever, within their settled proportions, but raise such
sums and by such ways and means a3 they think
proper, ot which they send, their quota to the receiver
general, and employ the rest as they please. In time
ot war, when the ordinary revenues are not sufficient
tor tho necessary expense, the council demands the
settlement of new funds from the States General;
and. to these extraordinary expenses the provinces
contribute m the following proportion
* * * * * * * * s *
• ^n the assemblies of the States General and pro-
vincial estates; tho suffrages are not taken capiat im,
but provincial iter / and therefore the provinces and
tho towns may send what number of deputies they
Please, because they all virtually have butone voice.
But in tins council tho provinces are represented by
such a number of deputies as bears atolerable pro-
portion to the money which each of them contributes
tor the support of tbe whole, with exception only to
'-roningen. GjiiderUnd has one, Holland three,
Zealand two, Ltrecht one, Friesland two, Overyssei
one, and Gromngen two, who with the deputies of
the nobles and governors of tho provinces are the
persons chat compose the Council of State. And here
each member has a decisive voice, and presides in
his hirn,withoutreafird to tho rank ofthe provinces.
ior the regulation of accompts between the prov-
inces, and auditing those of particular receivers;
with tho income of the lands which belong-to the
State in general,there isachamberof accompts, com-
posed of fourteen deputies of all the provinces, and
two secretaries, who likewise do the business of audit-
ors and correctors. This chamber examines the
accompts of the several admiralties, who receive the
money arising from duties of importation and ex-
portation, appropriated by the States to the service
of the navy, In the same manner she superintends
and regulates the expenses of the States deputies,
who travel and execute commissions fur the public;
the salaries and extraordinary expenses of embassa-
dors, extraordinary deputies, and otherministers em-
ployed in foreign courts: and keeps an exact regis-
ter of all orders made by the Council ot State for
whose ease she was indeed chiefly erected."
Thus, sir, is seen in the construction of that
Government a power equal almost to the ex-
ecutive power that superintended all the money
received and all the money paid out by the
Government. As with us, judges are appointed
for life that they may be familiar with the law
and with tbe precedents, so as to give uniform
and correct judgments in cases that are brought
before them by the people ; so here we find that
that important branch of the Government, the
charge of the finances, was placed in the same
relation to that interest that the judicial branch
of our G-overnment holds to the bar. These
men who occupied the position of Council of
State were men exalted in name, in character,
and in ability beyond those about them. When,
as I have observed, all tbe funds that were
inspected by this great power were centralized
and used in the interest of the people, regu-
lating their business, controlling all their great
departments of State, and giving to that people
a prestige never attained by a similar number
of people in the world, I must certainly draw
the attention of the people of the country to
the omission that I have referred to in the
formation of our Government; the omission
of a financial department to correct the growing
arrogance and power of other branches of the
Government, and to correct and checkthe over-
shadowing powers that are growing up and
destroying the interests of the people.
In connection with this subject we should
consider the situation of the three million
people who have built their habitations al-
most upon the sea. In a paragraph in the
same history we are told that—
"The large dikes or ramparts, which they throw
up to keep out the water, are an immoderate expenso
to the country; and what is still worse, tbe sea and
the ice very often cut and break through their
strongest works, or forco over them in suuh a man-
ner that it often takes up years to free the country
from the inundation and restore it to its former cir-
cumstances." * * * * * * *
" But this situation, however inconvenient and un-
pleasant, has its advantages with relation to com-
merce; for there being very little land in Holland,
and that extremely bad, the merchant has no tempt-
ation to draw his money out of trade; which con-
tinues to accumulate from one generation to another,
and by this means becomes so plenty, and interest so
very low, thattbe Dutch are from thence in a great
measure enabled to sell cheaper than their neigh-
bors."
Here is conclnsivelv shown that by the opera-
tion of the council of finance and the introduc-
tion of the Government money upon the market
there was obtained a low rate of interest, by
means of which and through which a popula-
tion of three millions obtained their livelihood
and sustained a commerce greater than that
of all the world beside.
These three million people were thus em-
ployed according to this authority : five hun-
dred thousand in the L-ea fisheries, including
those who built the vessels and supplied them
with necessaries j two hundred and fifty thou-
sand in the agriculture of the country ; eight
hundred thousand in manufactures j three hun-
dred thousand in building, equipping, and navi-
gating all kinds of ships and trading vessels;
eight hundred thousand in procuring and fur-
nishing all things necessary for the support of
life, aliments of all sorts, with cloths, build-
ings, furniture, and all the long train of con-
veniences, superfluities, and embellishments 5
and the remaining three hundred and fifty
thousand were the nobility ; those in employ-
ments, lawyers; all those that live on their
rents, with their servants, the military men, and
the poor.
This was the condition of the people whose
commerce was maintained in the supremacy
I have indicated. I ask the people of this
country to examine into the present condition
of their foreign commerce and to ask them-
selves if it does not conclusively show that they
fail in having that element of strength that this
prosperous and powerful republic of two hun-
dred and sixty years ago possessed.
I again quote from the same authority in
reference to the manufactures of the various
provinces:
"To this prodigious extent of foreign commerce
we must *>dd the manufacturos ascribed to the sevcial
townsabovomentioned; allof which, with exception
only to the Delft-ware, are more or less practiced m
this powerful and opulent city."
Referring to Amsterdam.
"A multitude of hands are employed in all kinds
of tapestry. There are numbers of mills for tawing
all sorts of wood iuto different dimensions.. Others
to work and polish marble; mills for making srua-
powder, for grinding snuff, ana for drawing oil from
seed. There are refineries for sugar, salt, cinnamon,
camphor, borax, sulphur, yellow wax, And, as
Huetius observes, one may apply to Amsterdam what
Y opiscus said of Alexandria after he bad summed up
tho manufactures practiced there : 'That all its in-
habitants followed some trade; that the lame and
the gouty were employed, and even those who had
the gout in their hands did not sit idle.'"
Now, sir, I have presented as well as I could
the simple condition which gave to the repub-
lic from which we obtained our form of gov-
ernment the prosperity that she enjoyed. I
have given it from a history written at a period
familiar with that situation, and there cannot
be any mistake in reference to it. Let me
next refer to the condition in which Spain
found herself when by the efforts of Charles V"
she ruled most of Europe and lost it. It she
did not rule it by possession of territory she
yet ruled it politically and commanded the sit-
uation. When 1 draw attention to the causes
and the circumstances attending the down (all
of the Spanish monarchy the people of the Uni-
ted States will see conclusively the influences
that are contributing to the downfall of this
country. I read from the same authority to
which I have already referred:
'* Everybody knows that tbe force and grandeur
of Spain depends on the annual returns that she
receiv< s from her colonies iu the West Indies; and
were the treasures that are brought from those coun-
tries to remain entirely wirh the Spaniards they
would be more than sufficient to render them what
they once were the most redoubtable enemies and
most tyrannic 1 allies in the universe. But tho in-
capacity of Spain to furnish a cargo for the supply
of the West Indies force* her to share the profirs of
that commerce with the other trading nations of
Europe, and thus tho return ol the galleons and the
flotilla is as necessary to tbe merchants of France,
Eagland, and Holland as to those of Cadiz and
Madrid.
"This, poverty which incapacitated the Spanish to
supply the West Indies arises irom mismanagement
in their European commerce. Ttie va-t equipments
made by Philip II and the ill-success of his enter-
prises had so totally destroyed tho naval power of
Spain that after the peace ot Muustor the Spauiardy
found themselves obliged to hire Dutch vessels to
carry on their trade to America. Thewars they were
afterward engaged in with Fm nee, the sums expended
in the preservation of the Netherlands, us well as
the Italian States dependent on tbe Crown of Spain,
the vast numbers of uiea consumed in the deiense of
those counties, from the peace of Minister to the
death of Charles II, and the several calamities wh ich
harassed Spain from the decease of this priuce<to 1 he
pcace of Utrecht, have been so many invincible im-
pediments to the revival of tb*ir navigation. Since
the treaty of Utrecht they have been zealous to re-
store their maritime force, but have been mistaken
in the means.
*';If the money laid out by the Court of Madrid in
the Sicilian expedition and the equipment of th.it
fleet, which was so entirelvdefeated by ouradmir.il,
my Lord Torrington, in 1718, had been employed tor
the immediate encouragement of navigation either
m the nature of loans to particular merchants or
any other effectual method for the fitting out mer-
chant ships in the several ports of Spain, I believe
that by this time the Spaniards would have been able
to carry on their European commerce entirely with
their own ships, and this would in a little time enable
them to fit out a navy and to supply their West In-
dies without the assistance of any foreign nation.
J3ut the Spanish Court was resolved to have a flee'
at any price: before they had laid the necessary
foundation for its support, that is, before they had
extended their own navigation so as to have a con-
stant nursery for seamen, and before they had asuf-
ficient quantity of stores in their country to repair
any sudden loss, without which it i-« vain to think of
keeping up a navy, except at such an expense as
even all the treasures ot the Xudies wouid not be
equal to."
Philip If would have a navy at any price;
and instead of strengthening his people through
