1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63 7
their industries, he drew from them revenues
sufficient to build his navy, by which means
his commerce was destroyed. Is there not a
parallel between his cour.se and tile policy of
Congress and those who are influencing con-
gressional action in the enforcing of> specie
payments upon the nation regardless of every
interest iti which the people are engaged? If
there is any application in the words quoted,
a d in the circumstances attending the forcing
upon the Spanish people of the building of a
navy, do they not warn us as to the conse-
quences of forcing upon this people a condition
of specie payments by which and through which
their industries are to be prostrated ; for is it
not evident to the mind of every man that by
law, as by any other system of speculation,
there has been brought into the money market
a force, backed by the whole power of the
Government, which has resulted in the in-
creased price of money from the beginning of
that experiment until the present time?
Sir, there is no industrial interest in this
country that can obtain a profit to-day based
upon the interest that the Government itself
has elected to pay by the forcing of capital
into the hands of the few and out of the hands
of the many. If reflecting men cannot and
will not see in this the cause of the destruc-
tion of their interests and the precarious con-
dition of their affairs and the wrong policy
that has been pursued here from the begin-
ning, they must be blind indeed. Philip II
forced his people to build him ships to carry
on his wars. He took from them the very
means that would have sustained his com-
merce and his manufactures. And what have
we done but to take the means of the people
from their industries to establish by force a
condition of specie payments? The Congress
of the United States are to-day managing not
only the political condition of the people, but
they are certainly managing every individual
and every collective interest of the people of
the United States. There is not an interest
that there is not a constant agitation for some
law respecting it. No man knows to-day
what Congress may do to-morrow, what laws
they may enact, and no man knows how to
provide to-day for a year from now, not know-
ing what will be done in Congress. Sir, is
that the business that men who occupy seats
here should devote themselves to? Why not
let the people alone in the management of their
affairs? Why draw from them tnat whichalone
can give vigor, strength, and activity to their
operations.
I have, Mr. President, felt called upon to
criticise in the best language that I possess
those matters which were deemed by me ft> be
imperfect. I have endeavored to show to the
people of the country, and to turn the attention
of Senators by truthful utterances, toward the
exact condition of matters here and elsewhere.
I am certainly confirmed in the position that I
have taken by the indications that come to me
from all quarters. I cannot hesitate to charac-
terize the growing, monopolizing, and vicious
powers that- are coming unchecked from the
people ; and I deem it a duty to bring to bear
upon that condition of things such illustrations
and point to those which to me are most appli-
cable. I have pointed to the action of Con-
gress, members of the two Houses, in the
demands they make upon the attention of the
executive department for office, but 1 have not
pointed to a condition of things among the
people that is as vicious, that is as injurious to
communities, to States, and to nations as the
operations of the members of Congress in ap-
plications for prerogatives and offices for their
friends.
As 1 sa'd, I use the best illustration at com-
mand to show the pernicious influence of those
who control capital merely on legislation, so-
ciety, business, and even on the fortunes of
war. Any reflecting mind may easily perceive
that the people are made both cowardly and
poor by such influences, exercised as they now
are and heretolore have been. It has been
said, and I have had a powerful experience to
support the truth of the saying, that there is
nothing at once so cowardly and so vicious
as five hundred thousand dollars, except—a
million.
Now for my illustration: there is in my
State a great capital centered in one family;
and that family has a newspaper organ, and
that newspaper organ is controlled by my col-
league. There are throughout the State those
who receive or expect to receive stipends at
the hands of that family, or whose business
rests on its favors. They and their agents are
in possession of most of the moneyed institu-
tions of the State, and when they sneeze there
is a great deal of sneezing from one end of
the State to another. No man knows, unless
he conducts a large business, how sensitive
credit is in times of stringency iu the money
market. It is like the virtue ot' a woman, easy
to be stabbed in secret. The slander gathers
strength as it goes, and the character has suf-
fered a wound from which it never recovers.
But the cowardly attack, of course, indicates
a cowardly nature.
It will beremembered that I commented a few
days ago on a paragraph which had recently
appeared in my colleague's newspaper. I de-
sire to say to the people of Rhode Island and
the country that those who hold in their hands
large masses of the capital of a community
influence the course which all the capital of
that community takes, no matter how situated.
If the holders of such capital are moved by
envy or hostility, they have it in their power to
sacrifice those who by the exercise of their
own energies are carrying on extensive oper-
ations. I ask the people of Bhode Island if
it would please them to see the great interests
I represent receive the stab I have described ?
But the effort to stab me has at least been made.
The members of thegreat moneyed family 1 have
adverted to have taken recent occasion to say to
those controlling capital heretofore employed
by me that " Sprague is very much extended,"
"Sprague is investing in the South," '"Sprague
is doing a very great business;" and all this
with a shake ot the head which shook the heads
of all around, as much as to say that they
did not know how it would come out. Istruck
back, direct at the hand which struck the blow,
and which, after striking, wrote an account of
it for my colleague's paper. I took occasion
to state the reason for using the credit these
vicious eyes called attention to. It was that I
was carrying large stocks at fifty to seventy-
five per cent, less than others were doing.
The effect of this was to keep the New Eng-
land mills in operation. Suppose the market
for these cloths was allowed to drift down to
seven cents per yard, how long would the mills
have been kept running with cotton at thirty-
two cents per pouud? And if the general
market had been met and lowered instaad of
held up, how long would those who used those
goods at even so low a figure as seven cents
a yard be able to keep them in the general
market? When they know that six hundred
thousand pieces, in different forms but in one
mass of these cloths were held out of the mar-
ket by the use of the credit sought to be dam-
aged, what will they say? What was the sat-
isfaction of those who—others than those I
represent—when it was no longer possible to
hold up the market, were driven by their ne-
cessities to accept less prices than the market
price, when the whole volume of goods were
sold following their action, held up by the
means I have indicated? When the New Eng-
land manufacturers can see an inch before
their eyes they will see that the whole policy
of those I represent has ever been to_ enable
those about them to go on and profit in their
business enterprises. I challenge the first in-
stance to the contrary. ithout this policy
the labor employed in the various manufacto-
ries about us would have received far less re-
ward than it did receive. Those I aim at
long ago scented the idea that when great
credit or great capital is used to sustain or de-
press the market the object is usually effected.
I disparage these great, business concerns; but,
sir, theinevitable tendency of things is to them.
Let my people remember that not many years
ago there were numerous small interests about
me where there is not one now. All are con-
solidated ; and these consolidations work se-
rious injury to the independent character of
the laboring people. Great interests must war
on smaller ones in order to sustain themselves.
It is the inevitable consequence of the imper-
fect character of our legislation arid Govern-
ment. Riches find their way to the pockets
of the rich, and deeper poverty comes to the
homes of the poor. If I can help it I will not
live among a people who are paupers, and who
bid fair to become slaves to these great insti-
tutions.
This is my war. It is not a war upon them ;
but it is a war to give to the people equal facil-
ities with these great establishments that the
people may safely employ their energies in the
same business, and of course as competitors
with them, and as checks upon their power
and supremacy.
I will not have a whole community subject
to a bad condition of my stomach or subject
to all the ills humanity is heir to. What is that
but an abnormal condition among the people?
Am I warring against my own interests ? Will
a people who are made poor by the operations
of these powerful establishments among them
permit the inequality of great poverty for them-
selves ; great riches in the hands of the few ?
Not unless they are slaves, sir. So far I am
not at war with my own interests, as those about
me without this statement of facts might be
induced to believe. I have taken my position
because I believe I see further and clearer
than the holders of the power I have indicated.
They are like the stragglers, who when the line
is presented in full front to the enemy are in
greater danger than those who are receiving
the full fire of the opposing forces. I have
heard that there are more stragglers—those
who fall out of line or who crowd together—
killed than among the courageous and faithful
who stand unswerved in correct alignment,
receiving the fire of the enemy and doing good
execution against them.
I proceed with my illustration. This great
family came to me in 1857 and made this prop-
osition: "Let us join our forces, prevent a
suspension of specie payment, break down
those who are our rivals in business or other-
wise, and buy up their property." At that time
I had no debts whatever pressing upon me.
But did I unite with them in carrying into effect
this vicious and pernicious scheme? Sir, I did
not. I repudiated and spurned the proposal
as I now do the proposition to contin'.ij the
present state of our affairs, which is really to
my temporary advantage.
But what, I ask the people of Rhode Island,
was the character of the enterprise ot this great
family ? Have they not from the beginning of
their history sent out of the State all the capi-
tal upon which they could lay their hands ?
When shamed into the fashion of employing
some of their immense resources in the busi-
ness of the people about them, did they not
set an example, in the extravagance of their
buildings, which others of less ability were
induced to follow, almost or altogether to tbeir
ruin ? And have they not conducted their
business in such ignorant and unskillful man-
ner as to cause injury to nearly every oue
engaged in business near them ? Such at least,
sir, is my experience ; for 1 have enterprises
in the poisonous atmosphere they create. The
people must know that they are directly injured
by those who are ignorant and unskillful in the
management of their own affairs. Their inter-
ests are the people's interests, and the sooner
those who are the custodians of them come to
this belief the better for all.
So much for business. I proceed still further
with my illustration.
The great family I have mentioned are in-
fluential in the management of our college,
the venerable Brown University, ilns institu-
tion has nothing in sympathy with the people
! of Rhode Island, Do the people know that
