618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
it is because the business office of the great
power managed it out of tiie State ? Do they
know that they drove from the office of presi-
dent the intellectual seers who would not sub-
mit to the vicious power that would either rule
or ruin ? Do they know that the western lands
given to the State for an agricultural college,
and given to the university through my action—
worth now more than a million dollars, if the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomekoy] be agood
witness—were sold for$50,000, and bought by
an agent of the college who aided in procur-
ing funds for the college, and who is the "right
bower" -of the great power I have described?
And, in short, do the people know that th£
feud this power has engendered keeps the col-
lege in turmoil and confusion, a disgrace to
the noble work it was intended it should per-
form? Are such great establishments any
especial advantage to the community in an edu-
cational point of view?
Mind, Mr. President, I use this as an example
to illustrate just how the people of this country
are controlled and driven to their ruin. The
instance is only one of many, but perhaps an
aggravated case which the imperfections of our
institutions give existence to ; like that I re-
ferred to the other day of ten percent, a month.
In a religious view it will be my duty here-
after to refer to them. In politics, after a
simple statement concerning the Dorr war, I
shall confine myself to my personal experience.
I speak, sir, of the public action and the public
results of their action. I shall await the ac-
tion of their instrument before coming to a
nearer inspection of that which is private. I
say then, that the great Dorr war, which de-
cided a national election, was brought on the
people of the State by their management and
ended under their direction.
Now, as to my own knowledge touching
their political action. Like the inquisition
they work in the dark. The people do not
yet know that they have been led about by the
nose by their influence. I will tell them.
It is known that I arrived from Europe in
the winter of 1860 ; that I received an ovation
never theretofore given to a private citizen;
that at that time what was called theradical
wing of the Republican party had nomin-
ated their candidate. The candidate was not
the tool of the great family. At once there
was an uproar, and opposition was organized.
I was tempted with a proposition to put me in
nomination. I refused, as I had previously
pledged myself that I would not enter politics.
I was young; I had no political knowledge,
and no knowledge of the real hand at work. I
was told that it was of national importance
that the radical element should be suppressed.
a wee'1 > but finally I consented.
lhe Republican party was defeated, and lost
power for three years. When I had placed
myself in the breach, the great power, with char-
acteristic cowardice, held aloof. This power
was that which in this way gave the staggering
blows that broke up the party in Rhode Island
and made the struggle to elect Lincoln far
greater than it would otherwise have been : for
the leaders of the party thought there was a
change of opinion among the people, and that
such might be the case throughout the coun-
'^lere was 51 an atom of principle in
their work; there was a greed for power only.
I ask the people of Rhode Island and of the
country if such unscrupulous powers growing
up among them are safe to their liberties ? I
answer a thousand times, no.
I was_ fated. But did I surrender to further
temptation? Let my subsequent action show.
I saw the impending war. When it came I
went into the armories and among the people
and organized twelve hundred men, with new
officers. But in the regiment the great power
exhibited itself. And now comes a most in-
teresting phase of the war. History by my
silence shall never be led astray. In this regi-
ment^ then, I found the power. It came to
Washington. I urged immediate action ; I con-
stantly urged a movement on Richmond before
the confederates concentrated there. The move-
ment would have been successful, as all said.
The strongest opposition came from the rich
men in the regiment. These rich men were
the power I am criticising. Remember there
is nothing so cowardly as five hundred thou-
sand dollars—except a million. And remem-
ber it was heralded all over the country ; grati-
fied at the unusual spectacle of rich men willing
to expose their lives for their country, I posted
one of them to guard the revolutionary flag
from an excited officer. Did he stand fire?
Sir, he ran away at the first attack upon him ;
like a coward, deserted his post. He threat-
ened dire vengeance when both himself and the
officer returned to private life; but I never
heard that there was any account presented or
enforced.
Well, we did not move. We remained f§ted,
flattered, and covered all over with admiration.
However, I went home to organize a new regi-
ment for the three years' service. Prior to its
coming the regiment moved with the other
forces on Harper's Perry. I hastened from the
State and joined them. The movement resulted
in nothing; it was too slow. We moved in fear.
Sir, fear prevailed in my regiment. Finally we
moved to attack the enemy at Manassas. We
were at Centreville. The Secretary of War
came up. We were brigaded with other regi-
ments ; the Secretary of War admired the com-
mand. The commanding general relied upon
us more than upon double the same force in
the Army.
But what was the rumor that came to me?
What! the regiment refused to move; their
time was out. What was the influence exer-
cised hero ? Sir, it was the million dollars.
Their lives were precious ; the lives of the three
years' men were not precious. They were poor
mechanics; they were fit only to die ; but the
million dollars would seek safety in a miser-
able subterfuge. The Secretary of War came
to me; the general commanding the Army
came to me. "What do we hear? Rhode
Island refuses to move. There are ten thou-
sand men awaiting the action of your regiment.
We will be forced in disgrace to return." I
sent for the colonel. He said the rumor was
true. What was my answer to him? " Go back
to your command; say to the insurgents—the
million dollars—that the country has exalted
them to the skies with its praises; that Rhode
Island expects them to fight," and with some
emphatic words not now necessary to repeat,
that " they should fight, or I would disgrace
them to the. State and the country." This
quelled the disturbance.
* I was at the defeat at Blackburn's ford. I
was in the front of the enemy with the only
reconnoissance of line that was made. I was
the only man from my State who was in that
dangerous service. I wanted to feel the enemy;
I wanted myself to see him. I did see him for
a whole day with but one hundred cavalry,
nearer than the million dollars ever come.
_ But anon the forces moved. We were the
light division ; we were to march in the rear of
the lino ; we were the flanking force, and in
the most danger, because we were considered
the most reliable. The three years' men acted
part as skirmishers, part as reserve. The artil-
lery came next, then the first regiment with its
million dollars in high command, and following
the other regiments of the brigade. We Qrossed
Cub run ; we felt the enemy ; we came upon
him posted not forty paces from us. The gal-
lant Slocnm formed line on the left of the road
with great intrepidity, underfire ; the raw levies
stood firm as veterans, delivered their fire with
precision, and the battle went on ; we had no
time to look behind.
I took special charge of the battery. The
men, detached and separated, were a little con-
fused ; some stood firm. Horses were struck
down ; men laid down and died; for ten min-
utes I supplied the gun with cartridges and
ammunition to give confidence to the line. I
kept my horse during the fight; the bullets
scratched me and made holes in my loose
blouse.
The brave Ballou came to me. With a harsh
expression I ordered him back to his regiment.
" Where is Slocum?" "Dead." "Whereare
so and so?" naming a dozen officers. "Dead."
" Go back and keep your men to their work;
see that they work together." Ballou said:
"I come to get assistance; the enemy are
flanking us." "Where are the million dol-
lars?" They cannot be found. Nobody was
there, and they were going it alone, and for
forty minutes stood without assistance. Where
were our companions? Echo answers—where.
Here are the mechanics, who are good enough
to be shot and nothing more.
We directed an organized force on our left;
we turned our artillery in that direction. We
looked for the million dollars. Did it come?
Yes; the commander in fright and alarm finally
brought them from their security in the woods.
How did they come? Sir, they came like a
flock of sheep. They formed line like a flock
of sheep; they fired in the air. One of the
representatives of the million dollars skulked,
and his officer disgraced him with a blow of his
sword. His reply was that when he got the
officer in civil life he would settle the account,
i^ut that was the last of it.
AThere was he who was placed in high com-
mand over this devoted and splendid body of
men, whose equal had never before been
brought_together? for remember it was the
vicious influence of only one or two men who
were here. Where was he, I say ? He had
eft, had deserted them. He sought safety in
safe places. He was not there. The men well
remember when I rode in front of them, struck
down their muskets to a level with the enemy,
and how they received me—the only officer
they had whom they could see ; and I shall
never forget the sensation which I felt in the
blast of the enthusiasm with which these twelve
hundred men received me. We were ripe then
for a charge. I led. Sir, my horse was then
shot. I took off his saddle in front of the line ;
and the men, without order and without ener-
getic pushing, fell back. The enemy continued
his fire. I saw the commander of the brigade ;
I inquired of him, " Where are the officers?''
His face was covered with tears; his million dol-
lars should not be sacrificed. With three thou-
sand men unemployed he harassed McDowell
for three hundred to come to his support.
They came and cleared the field, and the mil-
lion dollars was saved.
The regiment was led away ; but the artillery
remained, and I with it. I inspected the field.
I received the full blast of Johnson'sreenforce-
ment, not twenty paces off. I saw the men
scattered; they were not held to the line.
• IietHmed '° ^'ie bidden regiments and ad-
vised immediate organization to guard the
rear; that they should be the rear guard and
hold the post of danger. Did they stand a
moment? Sir, the million dollars, had they
been in front, where they belonged—four thou-
sand men, three thousand of whom had suffered
nothing would, if pushed, have carried the
day. The Army knew it. The general com-
manding knew it, and has so said. I knew it.
Now for the rear guard. Did they stand?
.No, sir. The first scattering men that came
along scattered them. I made further efforts
to organize a guard from among the men
coming hi. I succeeded for a time; but the
haste of the million dollars going to the rear
left the space too great, and we dissolved. I
gave it up in despair. I joined the million
dollars. iTews came that the enemy were
pursuing. With blanched face I was begged
by the commander, who was stupified by the
million dollars, to go to the rear and surren-
der the troops, as he would not have them cut
up. Twice, sir, was I thus solicited. Did I
spurn with contempt or not the miserable and
cowardly proposition ? Sir, we were disgraced.
We moved to our camp at Centreville. I
was exhausted with the work of the day • for
my bodily strength was not great. I sent to
the conference of generals the commander of
the million dollars, but who, it will be ob-
served, was the rea| power directing affairs,
with the injunction that we stay there; that
