1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
or drafts, payable to his, her, or their order,
or through the Freedman's Bureau or pension
agent of'the district where he, she, or they may
reside, and not to any claim agent or upon any
power of attorney, transfer, or assignment
whatever. The second section provides that
the fees allowed by law to attorneys or agents
shall be reserved by the pay departmeftt or the
pension agent and paid to the agent or attorney
when any such fees are due for services ren-
dered in procuring such bounty or bounties,
and not otherwise.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand the
la«t section of the resolution.
Mr. WILSON'. The amount of it is simply
this: that the Government itself secures to the
persons who do the business their fee, and pays
it to them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Who does the business?
Mr. WILSON. Claim agents and other per-
sons do the business, and the Government is to
transmit their fees to them and transmit the
money to the persons to whom the money is
due.
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes a double
payment.
Mr. WILSON. It makes the Government
a little more trouble, but it secures to the per-
sons entitled to bounties and who have been
and are being cheated out of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars of bounty, what belongs to
them, and secures to the men who do the busi-
ness their legitimate fees. It makes a little
trouble to do it, but after all it secures the
agents their fees. If that is stricken out I
think we shall have trouble.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see how the
Senate gets any right to violate a contract which
exists between two parties and to say that money
shall not be paid according to that contract, but
in some other way.
Mr. WILSON. The pension bill settled
what the rights of the Government were in that
regard.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not personally know
anything about it; but I can see in it a violation
of all tlie contracts that exist between claim
agents and their clients.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot think that any
Senator desires to continue the present system,
when the Paymaster General tells us that there
is not a single county in the United States
where soldiers are not cheated out of portions
of their bounty, and the best counties in the
country, too. 1 hope Senators will not oppose
this proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is a very bad
principle ; but still I will not- oppose it.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
second section read again.
The Chief Clerk read the second section of
the joint resolution.
Mr. EDM CJNDS. I move to strike out that
section. 1 think if we are going to take this
money out of the hands ot the claim agents and
that sort of people, and pay it direct to the
person who is entitled to it, we had better let
that person settle with his own attorney in his
own way, instead ot making the Government a
disbursing agent to settle the claims of attor-
neys.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection I have to
it is that it takes just as much trouble to draw
a warrant for ten dollars to pay this money as it
does to draw a warrant for $100,000.
Mr. WILSON. I -will not insist upon that
section. I inserted it with great reluctance,
b„t I did it so that claim agents would not be
able to run around Congress enough to defeat
this measure, for they are about the same as
tile old sutlers of the Army during the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the measure is con-
lined to the first section I have no objection
to it.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing that the second
mlion shall he stricken out.
The ViCEPRESiDKNT. The Senator from
Mrtss-achusotis consents that the second sec-
tion s-hull be stricken out. It will be stricken
oul it' there he no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I offer the follow-
ing amendment to come in as an additional
section:
And be it further rexolv*d, Tbat any officer or clerk
of any of the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment who shall be lawfully detailed to investigate
frauds or attempts to defraud on the Government, or
any irregularity or misconduct of any officer or agent
of the United States, shall have power to administer
oaths to affidavits taken in the course of aBy such
investigation.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. MORTON. I did not hear the first sec-
tion of the resolution read. I should like to
have it read again, if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution as
amended.
Mr. MORTON. I presume I assented to the
report of that resolution on the part of the com-
mittee, but I very much doubt the propriety of
it. After all, these persons will have to em-
ploy an attorney to get the money. They do
not understand the law. But few of them live
in towns, and they will have to get somebody,
after all, to do this business for them. It will
pass into the hands of lawyers and claim agents
or somebody. I do not think there is anything
gained by the joint resolution. We know very
well the way in which business of that kind is
transacted; that soldiers and those who rep-
resent them do not ordinarily understand the
way to get these claims paid; and after all they
will have to employ an attorney, and it will
take the same course. I do not think there is
anything gained by it, and perhaps it will give
trouble without any corresponding good.
Mr. WILSON. There is no doubt, they will
have to employ attorneys, and by this resolu-
tion they will be responsible to the attorneys
for their fees. I think the attorneys can trust
the soldiers for their fees quite as well as the
soldiers can trust the attorneys for their boun-
ties. We have tried the last system, and now
we propose to try the other one for a little
while, and 1 hope everybody will assent to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to it,
because it is precisely what the law now is.
No attorney can draw the amount of a claim
in his own name which may be collected. Tlie
draft is now made payable to the claimant, and
the attorney gets a new power of attorney au-
thorizing him to cash the draft, and there is
nothing in this resolution that will prevent him
from doing that now.
The joint resolution was passed.
geneual s. p. iieixtzelmax.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the res-
olution for General Heintzelman.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 36) respecting the retire-
ment of Brevet Major General S. P. Heintzel-
man was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the President of the
United States to place the name of Brevet
Major General S. P. Heintzelman on the re-
tired list of the Army, with the full rank of
the command held by him when wounded, in
accordance with sections sixteen and seventeen
of the act of August, 1861, and section thirty-
two of the act ot July 28, 1866.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether that provides for an examination.
Under the law, I know, the practice was to
order a board of officers to convene and say
whether the man came within the law. If he
comes within the law, why cannot he be placed
on the list without this act?
Mr. WILSON. The reason is that he was
retired before he had an opportunity of avail-
ing himself of the law. He was wounded at the
battle of Bull Run, where he commanded a
division as major general. If he had made
application to be sent before a board and they
had determined it so he would have been re-
tired under these laws ; but he was retired by
an order which he knew nothing about until it
came.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole, being the bill (H. R. No. 140)
to amend an act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for
other purposes," approved July 20, 1£69 ; and
theSenatorfrom Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my friend from
Rhode Island to allow me to have one or two
amendments made. I was not quite through
when his colleague took the floor. I wish to
have the amendments completed. I presume
they will give rise to no debate, and then he
can go on.
The YICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Rhode Island yield ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I yield to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I offer the following
amendment from the Committee on Finance,
to come in after line eighty-Seven of section
one:
That section fifty-ninebe further amended so as to
require that distillers oi brandy from grapes, peaches,
and apples exclusively, producing less than one hun-
dred and fifty barrels annually, -hall pay a special
tax of fifty dollars and an addition thereto of four
dollars per barrel of forty proof gallons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now report the amend-
ment agreed on by the Committee on Finance
in lieu of the sections proposed to be stricken
out.
The Chief Clerk. In lieu of sections two,
three, and four of the House bill it is proposed
to insert:
And be it further enacted. That any person having
in his possession any robaceo, snuff, or cigars manu-
factured prior to the 23d day of November, 18<k> and
after tlie iOthday of July, 18BS, liable to a tax or duty,
and on which the tax or duty has been paid but not
stamped, shall, within sixty days after the passage
of this act, make a statement of the class, weight,
and number of such packages, and which was in-
cluded in his inventoried stock of tobacco, snufi, and
cigars on the 1st d<iy ot March, 1869, and returned by
him according to the piovisions oi section seventy-
eight of the act to which this is an amendment,
deducting therefrom whatever may have been sold
or removed since thatperiod, and an exact statement
of the class, weight, and number of packages, in
accordance with the provisions of said act, which
statementshall be made under oath or affirmation to
the assistant assessor, wno shall make carelui and
personal examination thereof, andcompare thesame
with his inventories, and if found to be correct, said
assistant assessor snail make oath or affirmation oi
the correctness of the same 10 the assessor ot the dis-
trict, who shall immediately make a true abstract of
such statements and transmit such abstracts to the
Commissioner of internal Revenue.
And be it further enacted, That it shall bethe duty
of the owner of the tobacco, snuff, and cigars de-
scribed in the preceding section and inemded m tlie
said statement cf the assistant assessor, to procure
and cause to be attached to the packages oi such
tobacco, snuff, and cigars stamps of the amount and
description required by law, and m all respects as 11
the same was manufactured after th e passage oi said
act; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary ol the
Treasury to refund to the owner ot the tobacco, snun,
and cigars upon which the taxes have been paid us
aforesaid the amount of such tax; and the quantity
of such tobacco, snuff, and cigars, and the amount in
money of such stamps, shall be ascertained by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue in the mode and
in the manner prescribed by the Secretary ot the
Treasury
And be'it further enacted, That if any person shall,
after the passage of this act, offer for sa'e any tobacco,
snuff, or cigars in packages oi a different size Irom
those prescribed by law, representing the same to
have been held in bond at the time ot the passage ol
this act when the same was not so held in bond, snail,
on conviction,befmed fifty dollars for each package111
respect to which such offense shall be committed:
Provided, That after the passage ol tins
tobacco, snuff, or cigars shall be sold or removed lor
sale or consumption from any m Drovided
unless put up m packages and stamped, as provided
by this act.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The second section and
the third section of this amendment, it 1 am
right in the numbers, are very clear upon the
first reading as to their general intent. 11 one
of the Senators on the Finance Committee
will be kind enough to tell us, as I presume
