1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
a reflection upon a most respectable number
of our constituents. Speaking of the lack of
military preparation, in the North, at the out-
break of the rebellion, he says that there was
but one battery in Rhode Island, and that was
one which he had himself supported, for ten
years. There were several military organiza-
tions in our State, some of them ancient; one
of them, still extant, furnished ten or twelve
officers to the war of the Revolution, among
them Nathaniel Greene. They had mostly,
but not all of them, fallen into a lax discipline,
during the long reign of peace. The First Light
Infantry was among the exceptions. Thiscom-
pany might have taken its place in the famous
Seventh Regiment of New York, and if noted
at all then, would have been noted for its ex-
cellence, not for its inferiority. The battery
was that of the Marine Artillery. Exactly what
my colleague means, when he says that he sup-
ported it for ten years, I do not know. If he
means that company—and I know of no other
to which he can refer—he certainly does not
mean to say that the pecuniary charge of that
organization had been borne by him, for ten
years. The Marine Artillery was then, and is
now, made up of some of the finest and most
spirited young men in Providence, many of
them heirs to handsome estates, and not a few
of them in the enjoyment of handsome incomes.
The company was and is now a portion of the
pride of Providence; and when, like other mili-
tary organizations, it appealed to the public
liberality, it never appealed in vain. I make
no question that my colleague has often and
liberally contributed to it,; for he is a liberal
man ; but he overestimates liis own liberality,
or he underestimates the liberality of others,
when he assumes that be alone has supported
it. The Marine Artillery is no charitable or-
ganization, and the young men who work its guns
are nobody's men, no man's household troops.
I shall not attempt the defense of the Senate.
If his peers who listened, with amazement, at
my colleague's assault upon the reputation of
this body, intellectually and morally, think it
needs defense others may undertake it. The
other day, the Senate was engaged in a financial
debate, and among those who participated in
it were the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sexden,] chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations and formerly Secretary of the
Treasury ; the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] chairman of the Committee on Finance;
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Moheill,]
who long held practically the leading place on
finance in the other House; the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who carried his State
through one year of the war without a Legis-
lature and without an appropriation ; the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts, and others whom I
do not recall. And after they had spoken my
colleague rose and modestly said—I quote
from the Globe:
"I have never heard, I think, in my life, so much
isrnoranec displayed in any matter, as I have in the
discussion of the banking question to-day."
You and I, Mr. President, have been accus-
tomed to think that these men knew some-
thing about finance ; that they could throw light
on any subject to which they gave their atten-
tion, and upon which they expressed then-
views. But my colleague informs us that their
light is all darkness. Yet, Mr. President, he
should deal more tenderly with the ignorance
of his associates. They are not to blame for
it. Men of small mental caliber and of limited
information cannot be expected to stand bythe
side of the great intellects that rule the world.
My colleague should remember that if we are
ignorant, it is but lately that he has spoken.
I'ntil then how should we know anything?
Till Harvey, the world did not know the circula-
tion of the blood ; till Watt, it did not know
the power of steam ; till Morse, it did not
know that the lightning could talk. Andshall
we be reproached, that before a greater than all
of them burst upon the Senate, we did not
understand the mysteries of finance? Least
of all should the reproach come from the man
who, knowing all about it. yet has sat here so
long in silence, and only latterly condescended
to enlighten us, has but just held out his hand
to save a perishing country. I do not despair;
with my colleague in finance, with Colorado
Jewett in diplomacy, and with George Francis
Train on general statesmanship—and I learn
with much pleasure that both of these eminent
men have given in their adhesion to my col-
league's views—the country, or some portion
of it, will be saved. Nay, more, I think that
by a careful study of my colleague's recent
speeches, by profound attention to the prop-
ositions which he lays down, to the logical de-
ductions which he draws from them, and to the
clear and compact reasoning with which he
enforces them, it is not altogether impossible
that the feeble intellect of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] and the small in-
formation of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Mouton] may rise to a comprehension of the
elemental principles of that science of which
my colleague is the only master !
And what is the remedy which my colleague
proposes for the evils which he recounts, in
doleful jeremiads ? What is the great measure
that is to restore credit to trade, employment
to industry, virtue to society, and peace to the
country?—this measure, so wondrous in its
excellence, that the Senators on the fortunate
committee to which is entrusted the honor,
of reporting it are to have their names trans-
mitted to posterity, in letters of gold aud in
statues of brass? Considering the horror which
run through my colleague's frame when he
heard the President, in his inaugural address,
assert the duty of paying the public debt in
gold, one would suppose that he would not
select that metal for so honorable a service,
but would prefer to send down the names in
greenbacks ; for the statues of the men who
shall report such a bill the material selected
could not be more appropriate. There is
already a law which permits the Secretary
of the Treasury to loan, on the best possible
security, the anticipation of its own indebt-
edness, all the money that the Treasury can
safely disgorge. This plan affords all the relief
to trade and secures all the advantage to the
Government that can possibly come from the
cumbrous bill of my colleague, turning the
Treasury into a bank of discount, and risking
it in the operations of Wall street.
But, Mr. President, while men are not to be
blamed for their ignorance, not for that igno-
rance which comes, not from lack of study, but
from mental weakness, they are responsible
for their morals, aud he charges corruption
upon the Senate and upon the whole country.
He says that the men who exercise unbounded
control over us aie men who corrupt whatever
they touch, and that whoever can resist the cor-
ruptive influences urged against him here must
be more than a god. Of course he resists them.
Might I be permitted to suggest that if my col
league's nature be something more than divine,
his temper, in its latter manifestations, has been
something less than celestial ? Let us devoutly
thank heaven that the man who has discovered
the remedy for all the financial ruin of the
couutry, nay, who first discovered the ruin
itself, and then the remedy, stands out alone
the pure and immaculate protestant against its
moral degradation. How fortunate that the
two should be united in the same illustrious
character! And considering the fallen state
of man, and the especial depravity and ruin of
our own land, we should not wonder that its
deliverer should not be discovered till he de-
clared himself, and should be listened to with
incredulity by a people who are not worthy of
him. Thus they always stoned the prophets.
In the course'of his remarks the other day
my colleague informed us that he brought to
the aid of the Republican party as much, in
character, as any member of this body, and
more in money than all the rest of us together.
I have not the statistics by which to affirm or
to dispute this modest claim, nor will I discuss
the taste of making it. My colleague doubt-
less knows what his own contributions have
been, and I have no doubt that they were lib-
eral, for he is a liberal man. IJid not sup-
pose that he had the means of knowing what
were the contributions of other men of this body.
It would be invidious to name Senators who
I suppose had contributed quite as much to
the support of the principles which we all hold.
Every man has a right to put his own estima'o
on his own character, and is fortunate if he
can bring the judgment of others up to his owu
value of it.
My colleague lias also informed us that I was
at fault, as well as you, my associates here, be-
cause I did not know that the war was to break
out. In this respect I do not suppose that we
were more blameworthy than the rest of our
fellow-citizens; and I do not remember that
we were specially warned by my colleague, and
if he, with all bis prescience and power—and 1
may add imagination—did not foresee it, how
could humbler individuals likeyouandme, Mr.
President, be expected to?
Mr. President, I have already stated that I did
not share in the doleful apprehensions of my
colleague, any more than I believe that a rem-
edy for all the financial and social evils, real arid
imaginary, on which he loves to dwell, are to
be cured by a plan for letting out the public
money, to individual borrowers, in Wall street.
What is the best evidence of national pros-
perity ? Is it when men of great wealth add
fresh thousands to their hoarded millions ? No ;
it is when labor is well rewarded, when capital
finds its most profitable investment in those
enterprises which render the largest returns to
industry; when the laboring man is well fed,
well clothed, aud comfortably housed; when
his children go to school and his family go to
church; and when every parent, however hum-
ble his condition, may freely entertain the nat-
ural and honorable ambition of parental affec-
tion, that his children may start in the raceof
life, with better chance of success than their
father enjoyed. The other day, when I heard
my honorable and honored friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Wilson] say that, at the age
of twenty-one, he was chopping wood in the for-
ests of New Hampshire at six dollars a month,
and when I looked at him standing here,
not only in name and in office, but in ability,
in the weight of influence, in the well-earned
confidence of his constituents, and in the well-
deserved affections of the people, the peer of
the Senator, whoever he may be, among us
who started in life with the richest gifts of for-
tune and the highest advantages of training and
culture, I thought with pride, with exultation,
such are the results of American institutions,
such are the products of that civilization which
my colleague is so fond of disparaging; where
the sonsof toil are taughtby examplethat there
is no position to which they may not aspire,
where they may look up, through poverty and
ignorance, though the discipline of hardship
and destitution, and see shining before them
the glittering pr.zcs of honorable effort. The
steady influx of UOor, from all the world, shows
the advantages winch our civilization holds out
to the poor man. The savings-banks, swollen
by the accumulation of petty sums, attest the
aggregate wealth of the laboring classes. The
other day the Senator from Oregon, a State
constantly demanding population, urged a
higher compensation to certain officers, on the
Pacific coast, and informed us that the wages
of skilled labor, in that part of the country,
were from four to six dollars in gold, and
that the rudest form of labor commanded threo
dollars a day in gold, half the pay of a Senator
in the early Congresses. There is no part of
the country where a day's labor that any man,
with stout arms and a willing heart, however
little he may be skilled, may perform, cannot
earn the price of an aero of good land, at the
Government sales.
My colleague, while enlarging upon the ruin
that has settled down upon all the trade and
industry of the country, has informed us that
his own business was never before so prosper-
ous, and that his profits for the last year ex-
ceed those of any previous three jears
" The laud bo guards* alone crapes tbo ^ai thtiuak{.'.',
