1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#25
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations or some one here to pay some attention
to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator had paid
attention to the reading of the bill he would
see that it ought to pass without objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone this
bill and all prior orders for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 114.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to know if this bill
has passed the House of Representatives?
Mr. CHANDLER. It has passed the House.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I do hope the Senate
will not postpone its consideration at this time.
The Senator from Illinois desires to know if
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations is in his seat. He has no more to do
with this bill than the furthest individual on
earth. He might as well invoke the aid of
that chairman to every bill that is reported
from the Committee on Claims. It is the duty
of the Committee on Commerce to inquire into
the condition of the commerce of the country,
its harbors and its rivers. You know, sir, and
I know, and every Senator in this body knows,
that there are spread all over the country a
variely of works that need the protection of
the Government in this limited manner to
prevent them from going to ruin. It is not
to inaugurate schemes; it is not to inaugurate
a system or to commence any new work, but
it is an appropriation of the small amount of
$2,000,000 to keep a vast amount of works in
their present condition until the condition of
the country shall enable us to go along in the
progress of completion as the wants of the
country shall demand. I hope the Senate
will not postpone this bill, but will pass it
to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us see what this
bill is, if it is to be discussed. The Senator
from Maine has thought proper to go into the
merits of it, and hopes that the bill willbe con-
sidered and passed, appropriating the insignifi-
cant sum. as he calls it, of §2,000.000. When
he and 1 first came to Congress §2,000,000 was
not denominated an insignificant sum. it was
thought to be quite a large sum. Now this
sum is to be appropriated, and for what? At
random. Can the Senator from Maine or the
Senator from Michigan, or anybody else, tell
me for what these $2.000,000are appropriated?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will read
the bill he will find it out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read it in order
to ascertain :
That the sum of $2,000,000 is hereby appropri-
ated—
For what ?
For the fiscal year ending June 30,1S69.
Mr. CHANDLER. Read on,
Mr. TRUMBULL. " And the year ending
June 30, 1870, to he expended for the repair,
extension, preservation, and completion of
works for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors, under the direction of the Secretary of
War.''
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two million dollars are
appropriated for the "extension'' of works
nnder the direction of the Secretary of War.
Where? What works are to be extended? Is
it all to be expended on the Des Moines rapids
or the St.. Clair flats, or at the mouth of the
Mississippi, or where? Does this bill tell?
It is to be expended in the "extension'' of
works. How extended? It i s not simply to
preserve works. Who can tell how it is to be
expended? It is illimitable. It is placing
82,000,000 taken out of the Treasury into the
bands of the Secretary of War, to be disbursed
in his discretion. It may be best to pass a bill
of this kind ; it may be that at this late stage
of the session no proper hilt can be matured;
but we know, and nobody knows better than
the Senator from Michigan, that he has spent
a great deal of time in undertaking to determine
where this money ought to be spent. How
41st Coxg. 1st Sess.—No, 40.
long is it since he had the attention of the Sen-
ate to a bill providing specifically that so many
thousand dollars should be appropriated for
this work, and so many thousand upon that,
and giving directions where the money should
be spent ? That is the kind of a bill that we
ought to have.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me. we appropriated $1,500,000 last year
in the self same way that this is appropriated,
and no fault has yet been found with it, to my
knowledge.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Senator
from Michigan if that met his approbation ?
Was it not merely a make-shift like this ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir ; it met my
entire approbation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot understand,
then, why the Senator from Michigan should
have had a bill pending since that time provid-
ing specifically where the money was to be ex-
pended. If this mode of doing business meets
his entire approbation 
Mr. CHANDLER. I said the one last year
did. You  asked me if that met my approba-
tion, and I tcld you it did entirely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware that it met
the Senator's approbation alter he failed in
making the appropriations specifically, as I am
sure he originally preferred to do. it met his
approbation because he found that it was im-
practicable, I suppose, at the stage of the session
when the measure came up to pass the bill
appropriating the money in detail, as ought to
have been done. I am quite sure the Senator
from Michigan would not have brought in a bill
at the last session, as he did, appropriating
money for specific works ifhe had supposed the
proper way to do it was to appropriate money
in the lump in this way. The only limitation
there is in this bill is contained in the proviso—
That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to
cause sueh expenditures to be made so as best to
subserve the interests of commerce; and he is re-
quired to report to Congress, at the opening of its
December session, all expenditures made uader the
provisions of this act up to tnat time in detail.
It is placing $2,000,000 to be expended at
the discretion of the Secretary of War, and lie
may expend the whorie of it in the extension
of works. I do not suppose he would do so.
I apprehend that the present Secretary of War
would most likely make a judicious expendi-
ture of this money ; but I did think that this
was not the hour to call up this appropriation
bill, and that it ought to have been called up
when the members of the committee who have
more particularly in charge the matter of ap-
propriations were on the lloor of the Senate.
It is known that there was another subject to
be considered to-night, and that was the reason
why I sought to interpose a measure which it
was understood would be considered by the
Senate at this session.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope that this bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, to postpone the pending bill and all
prior orders for the purpose of considering the
bill in regard to the fourteenth article of amend-
ment.
Mr. CARPENTER. At the request of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] I
shall not make any remarks on the subject.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIXI5 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution; in which it
requested the concurrence ol the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 92) to discontinue Sault
Ste. Marie as a port of entrv in the Superior
district, and to establish Marquette iu lieu
thereof;
A bill (II. Ii. No. 403j for the relief of Mrs.
Susan A. Shelby ;
A bill (II. U. No. 343) for holding terms of
the district court of the United States, for the
district of Nevada; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 3-1) to sell or
exchange the site of custom-house iu the city
of Nashville, Tennessee, that a more suitable
location may be obtained.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 88) to remove the charge of
desertion from certain soldiers of the thir-
teenth Tennessee cavalry; and
A bill (S. No. 1o) regulating the rights of
property of married women in the District of
Columbia.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 60) legal-
izing the stamping of certain subscription
papers executed and issued to the Iowa North-
ern Central Railroad Company, wuh an
amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
PAY OF SOUTHERN SENATORS.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take from the
table the resolution providing for the compen-
sation of members from the reconstructed
States, for the purpose of having a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves to proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution to pay to the Senators
from North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida,
Alabama, Arkansas, and Louisiana compen-
sation from the commencement of the second
session of the Fortieth Congress.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes nine,
noes not counted.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate biil No. 114, to
enforce the fourteenth article of amendment
of the Constitution of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
on the motion, and declared that the noes ap-
peared to have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for a division.
I ask the Senate to take up the bill to enforce
the fourteenth amendment, one of the meas-
ures agreed to be acted upon at the present
session.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 6 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEWART. I call lor the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum pres-
ent it' Senators will vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a quo-
rum present, but many Senators did not vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for another divis-
ion.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw my opposition,
and am wilting to let the bill be taken up.
The VICE'PRESiDEX l\ The Senator
from Indiana withdraws his opposition. If no
Senator demands a division the ayes have it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and to insert the fol-
lowing in lieu thereof:
That whenever anyperson shall hold office, except
as a member of Congress or of some State Legisla-
ture. eonti.iry to tho provisions ol ihe third section
of the fourteenth nrticlo of amendmentof the Con-
stitution of the United States, it shall bo tue duty of
the district attorney ot tho United States tor tho dis-
trict in which sueh person shall lioH office as afoie-
I said to proceed against such person, by writ ot quo
j warranto, returnable to the circuit or disnict court
of the United States in sueh district, and to prose-
I cute tho same to the removal of sueh person iiom
I office; and any writ of Quo warm.itn so brought as
; aforesaid shall take precedence of all other cases on
I tho docket of the court to which it is made return-
able, and shall not be continued unless tor eauso
proved to the satisfaction of tho court.
Sec. 2. And Oeif further enacted. That any person
who ctiall hereafter knowingly accent or hold any
office under the United States, or any State, to winch
lie is ineligible under tho third section oi ihe,ieur-
reei.th arriels of amendment of the Oonstituaon ot
the United States, or who shallalterant.to hold or
exercise t he duties oi aiiysueu office, shall bo deemed
guilty of a. misdeweiinoi agaiisst the oaucd states;
and upon conviction thereof before the circuit or
district ooart of the United states, shall be lmnrib-
©neduofcisorQ than year aad fined not exceeuicg
