626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
$1,000, and shall forever be disqualified to hold any
office of honor, trust, or profit under the United
States or any State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. THUKMAN. I move to strike out the
second sect'on of the amendment.
Mr. President, the bill that was referred to
the committee contained one section—a section
that provided for proceeding by quo warranto
against any person holding office in violation
of the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution. That bill -was a
proper bill. It afforded the means of turning
out of office any one who was disqualified to
hold office by reason of the third section of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution.
The Judiciary Committee report that section
back with no amendment of any consequence,
but they add to it a second section which makes
it an offense indictable and punishable by fine
and imprisonment to hold or to attempt to hold
any office in violation of the third section of
the fourteenth amendment. I beg the atten-
tion of the Senate to this second section, which
I move to strike out. It reads as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That any person
who shall hereafter knowingly accept or hold any
office under the United States, or ilnyState, to which
he is ineligible under the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendment of the Constitution of
the Uuited btates, or who shall attempt to hold or
exercise the duties of any such office, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor against the United States;
and upon conviction thereof before tbe circuit or dis-
trict court of the United States shall be imprisoned not
more thaii one year and fined not exceeding 81.000.^
and shall forever be disqualified to hold any office of
honor, trust, or profit under theUoitedStates orany
State.
Mr. President, I believe this is the first time
in the history of this country that it has been
made a penal offense to hold an office or to
attempt to hold an office. If there has been
any such case before I confess my ignorance
of it. During the war, when there was some
necessity for it, there may have been some such
prohibition ; but it so it escaped my attention.
I feel quite sure that in time of peace such a
crime as this section defines lias been wholly
unknown to American law.
But, sir, that is not all. Let us see what is
this punishment—a punishment that may ex-
tend to one entire year's imprisonment, to a
fine of $1,000, and to a disqualification for life
of the individual to hold any office either under
the United States or under any State. I should
like very much to have my friend, the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, tell me where
it is that Congress gets the power to disqualify
a person from holding office under a State.
We may perhaps provide for disqualification in
regard to Federal officers ; but wheredo we get
the power to prescribe what shall be the quali-
fications or disqualifications of office in the
State of Ohio? Where does that power belong
to us?
But, sir, apart from that consideration I am
totally opposed to this whole section. What is
the thirl article of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution ? It is familiar to Senators,
undoubtedly, but pray let me read it:
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Pres-
ident, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or
as an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
omoer of any State, to support tno Constitution of
the united States, shallhave engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same or given aid and com-
fort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a
vote of two thirds of each House remove such dis-
ability."
Now, sir, upon what principle was it that
that section was adopted? It was not simply
to disqualify persons who had engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the United States,
because if that had been its purpose it would
have been as comprehensive as the rebellion
itself ; it would have included everybody who
had engaged in insurrection or rebellion,
whether he had taken an oath to support the
Constitution or not,
But again, it does not even reach all who
had taken an oath to support the Constitution
and afterward engaged in rebellion. It does
not reach the great body of the bar unless
they had held office. A lawyer takes an oath
to support the Constitution of the United
States and of his State, and an oath of office
as an attorney. I believe that was universal
everywhere; so far as my experience goes it
was. This section of the fourteenth amend-
ment does not touch him unless he had also
held an office. The section is not, then, so
comprehensive as to include all who had sworn
to suppo-.t the Constitution of the United
States. It selects certain classes of persons
who had taken that oath and who afterward
engaged in insurrection. Why, then, i< it
that these persons are disfranchised ? The
amendment goes upon the theory, which I
have always thought is not a sufficient founda-
tion for it in morals, at least, that those persons
had committed willful and corrupt perjury, and
therefore ought to be forever disqualified from
holding office either under the Federal Gov-
ernment or under the government of a State,
by reason of the particular turpitude of their
crime, by reason of their being forsworn men.
I have said that my judgment never did ap-
prove of that. I would have been willing, if
the public safety required it, to disqualify cer-
tain men from holding office; but not on the
ground which is there stated; and why not?
Because it is punishing men for opinion sake.
No man can deny it. It has been admitted
again and again by Senators on this floor of
the dominant majority that man after man
entered into the rebellion as honestly believing
in his interpretation of the Constitution as we
believed in ours. Who doubts it? Is there a
Senator here who will say that hundreds and
thousands of the men who went into that rebel-
lion did not just as honestly believe in the right
of secession as we believed in the right of
coercion incase they attempted to secede? To
brand those men as willful and corrupt per-
jurers, as men who deserved to be pilloried in
the Constitution, not for rebellion, but for per-
jury, willful and corrupt, never did meet the
approbation of my judgment; and I do not
think it ever will. But to add to that a statute
punishing men by fine, by imprisonment, and
by a disqualification from office forever, does
strike roe to be one of the strangest steps in
defense of the Constitution that I coulu pos-
sibly imagine.
I put it to the able chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary what becomes of the
part of the third section of the fourteenth
amendment, which I will read, if this bill is to
pass into a law ? The section provides that
the class of individuals named shall be dis-
qualified to hold office under the Federal Gov-
ernment or underaState government, aud then
it provides:
"But Congress m ay, by a vote of two thirds of each
House, remove such disability."
But the bill which is before us provides—
what'!
And shall forever be disqualified to hold any office
of honor, trust, or profit under the United States or
any State.
If, therefore, any man shall hold office or
attempt to hold office who is disqualified by
the fourteenth amendment, however innocently
he may do it, however upright a man he may
be, yet he is bound, if convicted, to be sen-
tenced to disqualification for office so long as
he shall live. Suppose Congress the next day
removes his disabilities. What good does that
do him? Here is the sentence of a court that
renders him ineligible during his whole life.
How is this provision to be reconciled with tbe
clause of the Constitution that gives Congress
authority to remove disabilities? Is it not
plainly in the face of that provision of the
Constitution ?
But again, Senators, if a man shall hold an
office contrary to the provision of the Consti-
tution, he is already indictable for perjury.
No man can take aud hold office in violation
of the third section of the fourteenth article
of the Constitution without taking an oath of
office, without taking your test-oath; without
taking an oath that he did not give aid and
comfort in anyway to the rebellion. He can-
not do it unless his disabilities have been re-
moved. If he violates that oath, if that is a
false oath, he is liable to indictment and con-
viction for perjury; he is liable to imprison-
ment in your penitentiary for perjury : and now
the Judiciary Committee propose to add to that
punishment the punishment of another year's
imprisonment, a fine of $1,000, and disqual-
ification for office as long as he shall live.
You punish him for perjury upon an indictment
for perjury, then punish him for holding office
and disqualify him for holding office during the
whole of his life ; pile punishment upon pun-
ishment, and that because the man differed in
opinion with you 1
I am not here to palliate the act of any man
in rebelling against the Government. I am
not here to palliate any man's crime whatever.
No man condemns more strongly than I do
that miserable folly which resulted in seces-
sion and led to the terrible war we have lately
gone through. I do not stand here to justify
or to palliate that; but I do say that there
were men who honestly believed in their read-
ing of the Constitution; that every Senator on
this floor believes were honest in their inter-
pretation of the Constitution; men who are
disqualified by this fourteenth amendment be-
cause of their error of opinion ; and I say it
is sufficient that they are disqualified ; it is
sufficient that you have put it in the Constitu-
tion that they shall not hold office without the
consent of two thirds of each House of Con-
gress. It is not necessary to go further and
to send them to the penitentiaries of the coun-
try and to disqualify them from office as long
as they shall live ; and that, too, in addition to
punishing them for perjury under the act which
requires them to take an oath of office. I
therefore hope that this second section will be
stricken out, leaving the first section of the bill
to stand ; a section that is right enough and
that ought to receive the vote of every Senator.
Mr. TilUilBULL. I trust the second section
will not be stricken out. This section disquali-
fies nobody. It is the fourteenth amendment that
preventsaperson from holdingoffice. Itdeclares
certain classes of persons ineligible to office,
being those who httving once taken an oath to
support the Constitution ot'the United Stares,
afterward went info rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the Dnited States. But notwith-
standing that constitutional provision we know
that hundreds of men are holding office who
are disqualified by tbe Constitution. The Con-
stitution provides no means for enforcing itself,
and this is merely a bill to give effect to the
fundamental law embraced in the Constitution.
The Senator from Ohio says it provides for
ever afterward disqualifying these persons frotn
holdingoffice. That is nothing more than the
Constitution of the United States has done.
That Constitution says that no person embraced
within the classes specified shall hold any
office. This bill does no more.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me ask him a question?
Mr. TKUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. THURilAN. Does the Senator from
Illinois claim that Congress has tbe pardoning
power, or is that vested in the Executive ? If
Congress has not the pardoning power, sup-
pose you pass this bill and a man is sentenced
under it to disqualification" for life and Con-
gress the next day should remove his disabil-
ities, as provided in the third section of the
fourteenth article, will he be then qualified to
hold office?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps not; and if
he is guilty of an offense under this law in
addition to the offenses already committed per-
haps he ought never to hold office. Tins is a
mode of punishment prescribed to prevent
men who are disqualified under the Constitu-
tion from accepting or holding office—not from
attempting to hold office, as the Senator .staled.
The section declares that if a person ''shall
hereafter knowingly acceptor hold any office"
he shall be liable to the penalties prescribed
