1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
by this act. Some statute is certainly neces-
sary to enforce the constitutional provision ;
anil the punishment to be prescribed is left
entiiely in the discretion of the court, except-
ing as to the disqualification which is put upon
the party convicted. The first section of the
bill is not objected to by the Senator from
Ohio, and the second section is only cumu-
lative. It is to afford a more efficient and
speedy remedy to prevent persons from hold-
ing office who are not entitled to take office
under the Constitution of the United States.
It will interfere with none but the guilty. Tne
innocent will never be prejudiced by it.
Mr. THUfiMAN. Will the Senator from ||
Illinois be good enough to tell me where he
gets the authority for Congress to prescribe
disqualifications to hold an office under a State?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose that Congress
has authority to provide for the punishment of
the violation of the laws of the United States,
and one punishment that is prescribed, and
not a very unusual one either, is that a person
convicted of an offense shall not hold any office.
This constitutional provision declares that the
classes of persons named shall be precluded
not only from holding United States but State
offices, and authority is given by "appropriate
legislation" to carry this constitutional pro-
vision into effect. Now, then, may not Con-
gress, in carrying into effect a constitutional
provision which expressly authorizes it to ex-
clude from office a certain clas3 of persons,
make it a part of the punishment that those
persons shall be excluded? It seems to me |
that the power is very clearly given by the !
fourteenth amendment, which is under consid-
eration, and to carry into effect which this bill
is proposed.
Air. DAVIS. I think there is no sounder
maxim in law-making than that there should
be some proportion between guilt and punish-
ment ; and I think another maxim equally
sound is, that penalties and crimes should not
be needlessly multiplied by legislation. It
seeins to me lhat both of these maxims, not
only of sound legislation, but of good sense,
good morals, and good statesmanship, are pro-
posed to be violated by the second section of
this bill, which the honorable Senator from
Onio lias proposed to strike out.
There is a provision in the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution that prohibits certain
persons who have taken an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States from holding
any office, civil or military, either under the
general or under the State governments. Is
there anything criminal in the holding of office
against the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution ? Is there anything
of turpitude, is there anything that is destruc-
tive of morals and of the safety of society, in
holding office iu conflict with the direction of
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion? 1 say there is not-; and why? Because
that article itself provides that the disability
of holding office against its provisions may be
removed by a two-thirds vote of the two Houses
of Congress.
What contradiction of principle is involved
between the fourteenth amendment and the
second section of the bill that is proposed to
be stricken out? The fourteenth amendment
denounces offenses that are not innately im-
moral, that have no moral turpitude in them,
that of themselves are innocent or innoxious,
and that was the judgment of the authorities
who made that amendment of the Constitution
when they provided that the disqualification
which it presciibes for may be removed by a
vote of two thirds of both Houses. Will gen-
tlemen contend that acts so innoxious, so neu-
tral in their character as to innate baseness
and immorality, that they may be done away
with by a vote of two thirds of both Houses of
Congress, shall nevertheless be the foundation
upon which to denounce crimes and punish-
ments such as are proposed to be denounced
by the preseut measure, imprisonment lor
twelve months, a fine of $1,000 in addition,
and disqualification to hold office for a life-
time? Is not this monstrous, incongruous,
and unjust legislation, taking the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution in connection
with this bill ?
Now, Mr. President, let me present another
aspect of this question. I set. out with the
maxim that there ought to be a proportion
between crime and punishment. What is the
crime that is denounced by this bill? It is the
holding of any office, civil or military, under
the Government of the United States, or of
any of the States, without any regard to the
class of office that is so held, in contravention
of the provisions of the fourteenth amendment '
of the Constitution, and there is a denuncia- 1
tion of a punishment, without regard to the !
class or importance of the office that may be i
held, of twelve mouths' imprisonment, a fine I
of $1,000, and a disqualification to all office
during a lifetime. I ask if there is not a mon- :
strous and revolting disproportion between the
offense and the punishment when it is pro-
vided in the fourteenth amendment that all the
culpability, all the crime, all the punishment
consequent upon this violation of law, either
by the provision of the Constitution itself or
any act that Congress may pass to enforce it,
may be swept away, wiped out. obliterated by
a vote of two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress?
Is there any necessity for such a law? AH
the remedy that is neediul, and surely that is
adequate to prevent the commission ot the of-
fenses which the amendment of the Constitu-
tion and the proposed act provide against, is
sufficiently secured by the first section of the
bill. What is the substance of that section?
It makes it the duty of the district attorney of
the United States, in any court of the United
States, to issue a, quo warranto against any man
who is in office or holding office against the
provisions of the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution. There is an appropriate remedy,
full and adequate, to meet the evils of the case.
What is the evil ? It is the holding of an office,
State or Federal, against the provision of the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution. If
a remedy is provided by which every incum-
bent may be ejected from such office, and it is
made the especial duty of the United States
district attorney to institute proceedings for the
purpose of ejecting every such incumbent from
office, is not that an adequate and full and ample
remedy to meet the evils of every case? Why,
sir, no legislative body, no lawgiver, passes
criminal laws for the luxury of inflicting pai n,
for the luxury of instituting prosecutions for
crime, for the luxury of inflicting pain and
shame and degradation upon those who have
been guilty of a violation of the law. Ihe
only good sense and reason of all penal laws
is to prevent the commission of crime, to re-
form the criminal when that crime has been
committed ; and these ends are sufficiently pro-
vided for in the first section of the measure
now under consideration.
Why, then, pass the second section? Does
it originate in any other feeling than that of
vengeance? Does it originate in the sentiments
and principles that ought to guide and impel
wise and statesmanlike legislation? Is it not
to gratify the bad feelings of our nature, to in-
flict punishment, to see the writhings and the
degradation consequent upon that punishment?
Sir, any legislation that is sufficient to pre-
vent the commission of the crimes denounced
by the fourteenth amendment, and that is in-
tended to be provided for by the first section
of this bill, ought to satisfy just and reasonable
men. The first section fully answers the pur-
pose of the law. It fully answers every prac-
ticable object of the fourteenth amendment;
it provides a remedy for throwing the guilty
incumbent out of office, who may get into either
a State or a Federal offioe in contravention
of the fourteenth amendment; it furnishes
an appropriate remedy, a just and reasonable
remedy, one that does not violate the proper
proportion between crime and punishment, that
establishes no incongruity with the List clause
of the fourteenth amendment which allows all
this crime and all this guilt to be wiped away
the action of two thirds of both Houses of
if.
ongress.
It seems to me, then, that the honorable
Senator from Illinois and the Committee on
the Judiciary, and the Senate and ihe Con-
gress of the United Siaies, ought to be satisfied
with the legislation that will be effected by
the passage of the first section of this measure,
because tnat will be an adequate remedy to
prevent any.of the criminals under the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution from
holding office in defiance of its letter. I there-
fore hope that the motion of the honorable
Senator from Ohio will prevail, and that the
Senate will strike out the secoud section "of the
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to prolong
this debate; but I desire to say a very few
words in reply to some observations which fell
from the distinguished chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee. In answer to my question
where he finds the power of Congress to pre-
scribe the qualifications that an individual shall
possess in order to hold office under a State,
or rather to prescribe disqualifications for
office holding under a State, he refers me to the
last clause of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution, which is in these words:
"The Congress shall have power to enforce by ap-
propriate legislation tiie provisions of this article."
It is a sufficient answer to that posit'on of
the honorable Senator to say that it is not
"appropriate legislation" to punish a crime
against the laws of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States by a disqualification to hold office
under a State. But while I am on the subject
of this language in the Constitution I wish to
say that in my judgment nothing is clearer
than that the provision that Congress may "en-
force by appropriate legislation the provisions of
this article,': gives to Congress no more power
than Congress possesses under the last clause
of section eight of the first article of the Con-
stitution, and that is the familiar clause giving
authority—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all ottier powers vestwi by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States orm
any department or officer thereof." -
Now, Mr. President, that gives to Congress
all the power that is conferred upon it by this
provision:
" The Congress shall have power to enforce by ap-
propriate legislation the provisions of this article.
It certainly gives to Congress all the power
in respect to the original Constitution that this
provision does in regard to the fourteenth
amendment. Where did this word "appro-
priate" come from? It came from an opinion
of Chief Justice Marshall in a case in which,
considering the section of the Constitution that
I have read, which confers upon Congress the
power to pass all laws necessarv and proper
for carrying into execuiion the express powers
conferred upon it and upon the other depart-
ments of the Government, he defines what is
a "necessary" or a "proper" power as an
"appropriate" measure. A measure that is
"appropriate" ill his judgment is a "proper"
measure. The provision of the Constitutiosi^vas
notlimited to simply what was necessary. The
language is "to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper," and he considered that
what was "appropriate" might be considered
in the judgment of Congress, and ought to be
considered by the courts, as "necessary and
proper." It is from that opinion, defining
what is meant by "necessary and proper,"
that this word 11 appropriate" got into the last
clause of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution. It is, therefore, not one whit
stronger than the original provision in the
ConM,i;ution. Now, I put i' 10 t'10 kena.e
whether it is necessary, in order to execute
the fouiteentli amendment to (he Constitution,
that Congress shall provide that, a man shall
be disqualified from holding office under the
government of a State/
Bat further, if Congress can go on and dis-
