1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BURR. I desire to inquire if one vote
will suspend the rules and pass the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed
to call die roll.
Mr. BURR. The Chair, then, declines to
answer a parliamentary question?
The SPEAKER. Tfie roll will now be
called.
The question was taken upon the motion to
suspend the rules and adopt the resolution;
and there were—yeas 101, nays 39, not voting
50; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong,
Asper, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty, Bennett,
Bingham, Boles, Buffinton, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cessna, AmasaCobb, Clinton L. Cobb.Coburn,
Cook, Conger, Cowles, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese,
Dickey. Dixon. Dockery, Donley, Duval, Farns-
worth, FerrUs, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield,
Gilfillan, Hale, llawley,Hay, Heaton, Hoar. Hooper,
Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll. Jenckes, Alexander
II. Jones, Judd, Julian, Keiley, Kelsey, Knapp,
Laflin, L■(s 11, Lawrence, Lons-hridge. Maynard, Mc-
Carthy. McGrew, Mercur, William Moore, Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill. Negley, O'Neill. Pack-
ard, Packer, Paine,Palmer, Phelps,Pomeroy,Pro8ser,
Santord, Sirgent, Sawyer.Scofleld. Shanks. Sheldon,
John A. Smith. William J. Smith. Wortbington C.
Smith, Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Twiehell, Tyner. Unson, V' ard. Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn. William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whittemore,
Williams, Winans, and Witcher—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Brooks. Burr, Calk'n, Crebs, Dickinson, Eldridge,
Getz, Golladay, Greene, Griswold, Haldeman,
Hdmill, Holraan, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Marshall,
Mayham, MeCormiek, McCrary, McNeely, Moffet,
Morgan, Mungen, Niblaek, Potter, Randall, Rice,
Stone. Swann, Sweeney,Trimble, Van Auken,Wells,
and Woodward—39.
NOT VO I'lNG—Messrs. Adams. Ames. Arnell,
Benjamin, Benton, Blair, Bowen, Boyd, Benjamin
F.Butler, Cake, Churchill,Clarke. Cleveland. Davis,
Dyer, Ela, Ferry, Fox, llaight, Hambleton, Hamil-
ton, llawkms, Hill, Hong. Johnson, Kerr.Ketcham,
Logan, Lynch, Eliakim H. Moore. Jesse H. Moore,
Morrissey, Orth, Peteis, Poland, Reading, Reeves,
Rogers. Roots, Sehenek. Schumaker.Sloeum, Joseph
S.Smith, William Smyth, Stiles, Strader, Van Horn,
Van Trump, Voorhees. Welker. Wilkinson, Willard,
Eusrene M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—56.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
present a privileged report.
Mr. CESSNA. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and ask that the oath of office be admin-
istered lo Mr. Hoge.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
South Carolina is present he will present him-
self.
Mr. KERR. As I think it my duty to put on
record in the Globe my views of this extraor-
dinary proceeding, I ask leave of the House
to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] asks leave to have printedin
the Globe his views in regard to this case. Is
there objection ?
Several members objected.
Mr. BROOKS. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. This is a mere request
for unanimous consent, and the yeas and nays
cannot be called upon the proposition.
Mr. ELDRiDGE. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of giving the gentleman
from Indiana the privilege he asks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler ;]
but the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cessxa] rose to a question of privilege, to ask
that a member be sworn in; and for that pur-
pose the Chair took the liberty of interrupting
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. IIoge presented himself, and was duly
qualified by taking the oath of office prescribed
by the act of July 2, 1862.
Mr. BURR. As a minority member of the
Cummiitee of Elections, I ask leave to present
my views in the form of a protest against the
action of the House and have it go upon the
record.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And that similar leave
be gianted to any other members on this side.
, The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bogs] asks leave to enter on the
record his protest against the proceeding just
closed.
Mr. CESSNA. I object.
Mr. BURR. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of granting that leave.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the floor to make such a motion. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts was recognized and
is holding the floor upon a privileged report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there will be no objection to allowing the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to print his
remarks.
TheSPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
to print remarks in the Globe upon the con-
tested-election ease just decided ?
Mr. CESSNA. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman objects to
hearing the truth.
Mr. CESSNA. I will explain why I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
the floor for that purpose.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts." I report
from the Committee on Reconstruction a bill
(H. R. No. 405) authorizing the submission of
the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas to a vote of the people, and authorizing
the election of State officers provided by the
said constitutions, and members of Congress.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I raise the question upon the reception
of this report. I move that it be not received.
Mr. GARFIELD. Before that question is
taken I demand the reading of the bill in full.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has the right to raise the
question, but the Chair cannot recognize him
as entitled to the floor for the purpose of rais-
ing it until the bill is reported in full at the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. BROOKS. Have I not the right to raise
the question at any time after the bill is pre-
sented?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the right of the gentleman at the proper time,
but cannot do so until the bill shall have been
reported in full from the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the bill as follows :
A bill authorizing thesubmission of the constitutions
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas toavoteofthe
people, and authorizing the election of State offi-
cers provided by the said constitution, and mem-
bers of Congress.
Beit enac/ed by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of Amerie t in Conoresx asftem-
6?erf,'i'hat the President ot the United States,at such
time as hemay deem bestfor thepub'icraterest.inay
fubinit the constitution which was framed by the con-
vention which met in Richmond, Virginia, on Tues-
day, the 3d d ly of December, 1867, to the regis-
tered voters of said State, lor ratification or rejec-
tion; and may also submit to a separate vote such
provisions of said constitution as he may deem best.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That at the same
election the voters of said Statu may vote for and
elect members of theGeneralAssemblyofsaidState,
and all the officers of said State provided for by the
said constitution, and formembersof Congress; and
the officer commanding the district of Virginia
shall cause the lists of registered voters of said State
to be revised and corrected prior to such election,
and for that purpose may appoint such registrars as
hemay deem necessary. And said elections shall
be held and returns thereof made in the manner
provided by the election ordinance adopted by the
convention which framed said constitution.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United Status may in like mannersub-
mit the constitution of Texas to the voters of said
State at such time and in such manner as he may di-
rect, either the entire constitution or separate pro-
visions of the same, to a separate vote, and at the
same election the voters may voto for and elect the
members ot the Legislature, and all the State officers
provided for in said consf'tution, and members of
Congress; Provided a/so, That no election shall be
held in said State of Texas for any purpose till the
President so directs. , _
Sec. 4. Ami be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States may in .like manner re-
submit the constitution of Mississippi to the voters
of said State, at such time and in such manner as ho
may direct, either the entire constitution or separate
proviaionsof thesame to a separate vote, and at the
same election the voters may vote for and elect the
members of the Legislature and all the State officers
provided for in said constitution, and members of
Congress. .
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, rha,fc if either of
said constitutions shall be ratified at such election
the Legislature of the State so ratifying, elected as
provided for in this bill, shall assemble at the eapital
of said States respectively on thefourth Tuesday after
the official promulgation of such ratification by the
military officer commanding in said State.
Src. 6. And be it further enacted. That in either of
said States the commanding general, subject to the
approval of the President of the United States, may
suspend, uptii the aeiion of the Legislatures elected
under their constitutions respectively, ail laws that
he may deem unjust and oppressive to the people.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moves that that bill be rejected under
the one hundred and seventeeth rule.
Mr. BROOKS. Have I the floor on that
question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. Is not the gentleman
from Massachusetts taken from the floor until
the question of reception has been determ-
ined ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, under the right given him by the one
hundred and seventeenth rule, moves that the
bill be rejected. He has the right to do that
while the gentleman from Massachusetts still
occupies the floor, but the gentleman from
Massachusetts would have the first right to
debate it. He waives his right to debate it
and demands the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
The yeas and nays were orderpd.
Mr. BROOKS. I am not disposed to be
factious, for I am not at all opposed to this
bill, but I wished to show how time can be
consumed notwithstanding the extraordinary
movement we witnessed this morning. I will
now withdraw the motion to reject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, When I
shall have explained this bill, Mr. Speaker, I
do not think there will be any substantial
objection to it, and when I shall have done
that I will yield to my friend to make a motion
for the consideration of the House.
The first section provides that the President
of the LTnited States may, at such time and in
such manner as he may deem best for the pub-
lic service, submit to the people of Virginia
the constitution framed by the convention of
that State, and maysubmit any separate clause
of that constitution to a like vote.
The second section provides that the voters
of Virginia may at the same time elect State
officers and members of Congress; that the
registration maybe corrected for that purpose,
and that the commanding general may appoint
registrars and judges of election as may be
necessary.
The third section provides that the President
may in'like manner submit the constitution of
the State of Mississippi to the voters of that
State with like effect and under like circum-
stances.
The fourth seetion provides that the Pres-
ident may submit the constitution of the State
of Texas at such time as he may deem fit for
the public service to a vote of the registered
voters, who at the same time may vote for
State officers and members of Congress.
The sixth section provides that in the mean
time the military commander, with the ap-
proval of the President, may suspend any
obnoxious, oppressive, and unjust laws. This
last provision is principally leveled against the
unjust poll-tax in Mississippi, and two or three
laws kindred thereto as to the collection of
debts. 1 myself am of opinion that the district
commander under the reconstruction act may
have that power now; but as there has been
doubt raised with regard to it, and as the dis-
i trict commanders have expressed their doubts,
ji the committee have reported this provision.
i| That, in a word, is all the bill. Itallowsthe
j President in these States, when he deems it
ji best for the public service, to submit, the con-
.' stitutiotis which havebeen heretofore prepared
' to a vote of the people, but it provides that
there shall be no vote in any of the States
i| except when he so directs; and when he sub-
i! mils the constitution they vote in all these
'i States for State officers and members of Con-
