1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
with the disfranchising clause in it," and he
will vote for that ai.d against the other. The
other voter who comes up, liking best the con-
stitution without the disfranchising clause,
votes for it and against the other. The consti-
tution which gets the most votes becomes the
constitution of' the State. Suppose, for the
sake of illustration, that two voters differ with
reference to the disfranchising clause. One,
a .Republican, wants that clause in : he votes
ior the constitution, and as the disfranchising
clause is submitted separately, he votes for
that. The other, a Democrat, votes for the
constitution with no disfranchising clause in
it, and on a separate vote he votes against the
disfranchising clause. The result may be that
the constitution with the disfranchising clause
out may get every vote, because both parties
want a constitution, and at the same time the
disfranchising clause may be lost; whereas the
Republicans, if they anticipated that the dis-
franchising clause would fail, might prefer to
have no constitution at all. The substitute, as
I understand, is designed to meet this diffi-
culty.
Now, I suppose I may say without offense
•that this particular difficulty was not discussed
in the committee. Even if the bill has already,
as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
wouth] insists it has, the same effect that is
contemplated by the substitute, I think the
provision should be made specific, because it
is the only fair way of submitting the Consti-
tution. I believe the President would so sub-
mit it, because otherwise a Republican would
be obliged to vote against the whole constitu-
tion in order to prevent its being adopted with-
out the disfranchising clause. For one, I
should have no objection to the substitute.
My friend from Illinois says that substantially
the same provision is included in the bill now.
If so, then the whole effect of the amendment
of the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
is to make the language specific and certain.
. If the statement of the gentleman from Illinois
is correct, then he and the gentleman from
Wisconsin are together; if not, then they are
apart.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I understand, the
gentleman from Wisconsin proposes to make
it mandatory on the President to submit the
question in the manner specified.
Mr. PAINE. That is just what I propose
to do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the very
thing I object to, because it would complicate
very much the machinery of the election.
Mr. PAINE. Let me not be misunderstood.
I do not propose to make it mandatory on the
President to submit a second constitution ; but
if any clauses are to be submitted separately
I propose that it shall be compulsory on the
President to submit in each case an entire con-
stitution with those clauses in or out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the very
thing I object to. I say that the President is,
by the bill, authorized to submit the constitu-
tion in that manner if he thinks_ proper to do
so; but I do object to our saying that if he
submits any provision separately he shall sub-
mit an entire constitution with the clause struck
out. And why V In the case of the constitu-
tion of Mississippi, as well as that of Virginia—
I am not so familiar with the constitution of
Texas—the President wilt probably submit at
least three different provisions separately. He
will submit a constitution to be voted upon,
tor or against, and he will submit separately
provisions A, B, and 0. A voter may be in
favor of provision A, but opposed to provis-
ions B and C. How does my friend from Wis-
consin provide ior that case? He would com-
pel the President to submit the constitution in
live different shapes. First, the entire consti-
tution ; second, the constitution with provis-
ion A omitted; third, the constitution with
provision 13 omitted; fourth, the constitution
with provision C omitted ; and fifth, the consti-
tution with the whole three provisions omitted.
But even then the whole difficulty would not
be reached. A voter might be in favor of the
constitution with two of those clauses in, but
with the third omitted. How could such a
voter express his opinion by his vote Y It
would require a stiil further exercise of ingenu-
ity to provide for that and similar cases. The
difficulty is that by attempting to make such
provisions we complicate the machinery of the
election.
I do not think the people of Mississippi or
Virginia will be particularly embarrassed if
here and there a man should be dissatisfied
because of the adoption of the Constitution
with a favorite clause of his struck out. That
is a thing which happens anywhere when a
State makes a new constitution. Some one
would like the constitution in a different form
with this clause or thatoneout; but it is impos-
sible by this kind of machinery to reach the
difficulty unless you make it too complicated
for practical use.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. I have but a word to add. It
makes no difference practically to the people
whether they cast four separate votes on four
different constitutions or four separate votes
on four separate provisions.
Look at the gentleman's plan. I shrink from
it as something unjust. He expects Demo-
crats and Republicans of Virginia to go to-
gether and vote for or against a constitution
without knowing what form that constitution
will finally take, what that constitution will be.
I am unwilling to force them to do it. I am
unwilling to force Democrats to vote for or
against a constitution which may ultimately
contain clauses which they object to. On the
other hand, I am unwilling to compel a Re-
publican to go to the polls and vote for or
against a constitution, when the clauses to
which he does not object may be stricken out.
Why not give all parties, Democrats and Re-
publicans, a fair chance, and not by this device
compel voters to vote without knowing the
effect of the vote they east? Give them a
chance to vote for or against the real consti-
tution as it is finally to stand or fall. Give
all men that chance. Give the Republicans
and the Democrats that chance, and let the
constitution that has the majority of votes be
the constitution. If, on the other hand, the
majority of the voters oppose the constitution
as a whole, but ratify it with this or that pro-
vision stricken out, let that stand as a fair
expression of the voice of the people.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
now to the gentleman from New York for teu
minutes.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, although I
have been so long in public life I do not know
that ever before I have been compelled to give
a more reluctant vote than the one I shall give
in support of the measure now pending, it is
nota Democratic vote, to create or support mili-
tary or arbitrary power, but contrary to every
principle of Democracy; nay, the very reverse
of all the principles on which I was raised or
on which I have acted; but, sir, there often
arises a necessity for a public man to do that
which he does not think it is absolutely right
to have done, and yet if he does not avail him-
self of the best he can get—a medium measure,
say—like this, when presented he may open the
way for measures far more damaging to the
country, and thereby aid in absolute wrong.
The bill before the House clothes the Presi-
dent of the United States with almost absolute
military powerin three States ofthis Union, Mis-
sissippi, Texas, and the old Commonwealth of
Virginia. It invests him not only with civil
power, but with military power to enforce it. I
am about to support that measure, not because I
like or approve of it, but because I have seen
introduced measures here so extraordinary, so
violent, so destructive, yet so arranged «s in all
probability sooner or later to pass both Houses
of Congress. I avail myself, then, of this bill
as an escape from what is worse, as a plank
thrown outupon which I can temporarily swim.
I trust the President of the United States will
not exert the vast power here confided to the
damage or the destruction of these States
turned over to his mercy. I trust he will be
guided by justice and equity. He is made by
this bill not only a monarch, but a paternal
monarch over three great Stales of the Union.
I have no opportunity to address lrim in the
White House, but. I avail myself of my position
as a member here to beg and beseech him to
use his power over those' people with mercy
and justice, not as an Alarie, the Goth, wield-
ing his power over a conquered people, but in
the temper and spirit that becomes an Ameri-
can soldier in the era of civilization. I ata
opposed to all monarchies and all military gov-
ernments, and yield none of my opposition to
them here; hut when I am compelled, as
here, to choose, I prefer the despotism of one
to the tyranny of the many in this House.
There is no government on the face of the
earth so odious as an oligarchy, none so abso-
lute, none so despotic; and when 1 am com-
pelled to make a choice I prefer to concentrate
the power in one hand and one head, so that
we may hold that power responsible. It is
because this is a choice of evils that I vote for
this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Far.xswouth] stated
correctly that this bill as reported has received
the unanimous sanction of the Committee oa
Reconstruction. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Paixe,] who belongs tothat com-
mittee, was not present at the meeting this
morning, as he ought to have been. Ilad he
been there it is fair to presume that he would
have concurred with the other members of the
committee in presenting this bill. But not
having been there, it is a little unfortunate that
he should avail himself of his privilege in this
House to move a radical amendment to the bill
as agreed upon in committee. It is still more
unfortunate and curious that the chairman of
the committee [Mr. Butler] should go over to
the support of the gentleman's amendment in
opposition to the measure which he was in-
structed to report to the House. And yet this
is the state of the case at this moment.
Now, sir, it-has been shown by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farsjworth,] as
will be seen by any man who wiil look at the
bill, that the President of the United States
has full power to submit either the amend-
ments or the constitution as an entirety to the
people in such manner as will bring out and
develop every question that is contained in the
body of the instrument. That is precisely
what the committee meant. That point, there-
fore, need not be contended for by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin. He may as well allow
the committee to suggest the manner in which
the President shall submit the amendments
as to insist upon his own mode.
That point being gained, let me add that the
minority of the committee concurred in th-e
recommendation of this measure not from
any choice they have for a military despotism
in any State, for they feel as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] has expressed
himself, that a military despotism in any State
of the Union is an exceptional, and undtr ordi-
nary circumstances, an intolerable evil ; but
amid all the propositions that have been made
or debated in this House we looked upon this
one as the most rational, the most fratemaf,
the most likely to restore the union of those
States. This is the plan suggested and agreed
upon by the committee unanimously, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin no doubt would have
concurred with his colleagues if he had been
present. I therefore trust the House will adopt
the report of the committee and reject the
proposition of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. BUTLER, ot Massachusetts. 1 yield
two minutes to the-gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. ROOTS. Mr. Speaker, I think that
every man who loves his country and longs
for her peace and quietude should feel aroused
to the necessity of prompt action upon this
