THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
very important bill. It was a deep stab, it
was a sad and cruel blow, when tbe Missis-
sippi bill was the other day postponed. The
loyal suffering Mississippian, anxiously look-
ing toward this body for an action of fostering
care, had a right to feel a depth of anguish
that would wring from his disappointed hopes
an,exclamation of 41 Et tu Brute."
Residents of the North whose loyalty to
country and freedom has cost them nothing
more serious than their pity for others' woes
cannot appreciate the. immense importance of
immediate action. I cannot now occupy the
time of this body with even an allusion to the
trials and tortures endured by the loyal men
of the South. But all here should remember
it is a grave, very grave responsibility, to leave
them longer without an opportunity to make
one more effort to place themselves under the
dominion of republican State governments.
Ob, sirs, whilst those men are suffering from
tbe hot tempest of the wrath of their present
haters and enemies, do not, do not, I pray of
you, put upon them an additional trial by a
cold and piercing act of distrust or desertion
of those whom they have a right to look upon
as friends.
For my part I do hope that the President in
his good wisdom will have each constitution
submitted as an entirety. The constitutions
as framed by the conventions of these States
were done in conventions composed of dele-
gates chosen by the people, Republicans and
Democrats. Loyal men and late rebels, all
took a part in framing these constitutions.
Enough compromising and conciliating has
been done in their composition; let it not go
to such an extent as to now slice up the con-
stitutions for offering by piece-meal. There
is certainly great danger of dire results. We
may get a constitution with all that makes it
of value left out. Adopt these constitutions,
with the franchise and one or two other essen-
tial parts left out, and they will present about
the same appearance as Shakspeare's famous
tragedy on the stage with Hamlet left out.
'A his bill gives the President almost full con-
trol ot the matter. And -since the gentlemen
upon (he other side of the House who voted
against the Mississippi bill the other day pre-
tend to vie with the Republicans ifi their con-
fidence iu the Chief Magistrate, they certainly
ought with their wordy zeal for the represent-
ation of these States to vote for this bill. But
*•0911 any good come out of Nazareth?"
Occasionally there does. I hope this may be
au instance. But the responsibility must rest
ou this side of the House. Let no man shrink
from his duty; and whether so intended or
not, it will certainly be a wrong, an injustice,
an outrage on the loyal men of these States to
delay action. Let us do our part toward aid-
ing and welcoming back the wayward sisters.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. G-ARPIELD. I am very glad to find the
House of Representatives very nearly unani-
mous upon so important a subject as this. I
think 1 can understand our friends on the other
side and sympathize to some extent with them.
Ihey believe that in our conduct hitherto we
have gone outside of the Constitution, and they
r6<K>guize the fact that affairs are now in
such a condition that something must be done.
J. fancy they may seem in the condition of a
doctor who finds his patient's limb broken
but has been set badly, and it has got to be
broken over again before it can be set scien-
tifically or properly; and though they do not
believe in breaking limbs, yet under all the
circumstances they are willing to do it for the
sake of getting them in a better shape.
Now, there is bat one matter of difference
betweeu the report of the committee and the
proposition of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
He thinks we tie the President up to one plan
of submitting the constitution to a vote, and
that that plan is a bad one. He thinks the
President ought to be required to submit the
questions separately or in a more definite man-
ner than is provided for in this bill. Now, I
have drawn an amendment upon the sugges-
tion of my colleague now occupying the chair,
[Mr. Schexck,] and I give him the credit of
it, which I believe all parties will accept. My
amendment is to add at the end of the first
section of the bill reported by the committee
the following ;
Such vote to be taken either upon each of said
provisions alone or in connection with the other pro-
visions of said constitution as t he President may
direct.
That provides for a separate vote on the
various provisions, and that the President may
determine whether the vote shall be taken on
the articles separately or upon the articles in
connection with the whole constitution. I ask
the gentleman from Wisconsin to withdraw his
proposition and accept this.
Mr. PAINE. I will withdraw my amend-
ment and consent that that shall be substituted
for it as an amendment to the bill. But I ask
permission to say a word or two. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] has
said to the House that I ought to have been at
the meeting of the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion this morning, and was not, and that it
was ungracious in me, after having failed to at-
tend the meeting of the committee, to offer an
amendment here. 1 should bo sorry to have
it supposed that I had been negligent of my
public duties, and, therefore, I take this oc-
casion to say to the House that I was in attend-
ance on another committee—the Committee
of Elections—this morning, and did not know
that the Committee on Reconstruction had a
meeting. If I had known I should have at-
tended it. I drew this substitute of mine very
carefully before I came here this morning or had
heard that there had been any action by the
Committee on Reconstruction on the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am entirely sat-
isfied with the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts. So far as
I may I will accept the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, but it will render
necessary an amendment in section three of
the bill.
The SPEAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Schexck.)
Inasmuch as this bill is the report of the com-
mittee, it is not in order for the chairman of
the committee to accept an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I accept
it only so far as I may.
The question was taken on Mr. Garfielp's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move to amend section three by inserting after
the words "provisions of the same" the worcft
"as provided in the first section of this act;"
so that it will read :
The President of the United States, inlikemanner,
may suhmit tbo constitution of Texas to the voters
of said State at such times and in such manner as he
may direct, either the entire constitution or separate
provisions of the same, as provided in the first sec-
tion of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the same amendment be made in section four
to apply to Mississippi.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection that amendment will be made.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If no gen-
tleman desires to discuss the question further
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. GARFIELD. For the purpose of ex-
hibiting the unanimity of this body, I hope we
will haye the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill; and I call for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
m the affirmative—yeas 125, nays 25, notvotins
«7; as follows: 8
YEAS-Mossrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong. Ar-
nell, Axtell, Bailey, Banks, Beaman,Beatty. Beck,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Bowen, Brooks, Buffiuton,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick B. Butler,
Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Ainasa Cobb,
Olmton L. .Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Conger, Ctcbs,
Cul.oto, l)avis, Dawes, Dewcosc, Dickey, Dickinson,
Dixon, Dockery. Donley, Duval, Ei.t. Farnsworth,
FerriftS, Ferry, Finkfiinburfr, Fisher, Fitch. Garfield,
Giltllan, Hale, Ilawley, liny, Hcaton, Hill, Hoar,
Hoee, Hopkins, Hotclikiss, Inerersoll, Jenckes. Alex-
.Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Ketcnam, jvnapp, Laflm, Lash, Lawrence, Logan.
Lougbridge, Lynch, # McCarthy, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, William Moore, Morgan, Daniel J
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith
William J. Smith, William Smyth, Stevens, Steven-
son,Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Tanner, Tillman,
Townsend, Tyner, Upson, Ward, Cadwalader C,
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whittemore, Wilkinson, Wiiiard, Williams, John T.
Wilson, Winans, Witcher, and Woodward—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Biggs, Bird, Burr,
Cleveland, Eldridge, Getz, Golladay, Haldoman,
Hamill, Holman, Thomas L. Jonos, Kerr, Knott,
McNeely, Moffet, Nib.ack, Potter, Randall, Reeves,
Sweeney, Trimble, Wells, and Winchester—25.
IsOr VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Asper, Benjamin,
Bennett, Benton, Bcyd, Cake, Cowles, Dyer, Fox,
Greene, Griswold. Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hoag, Hooper, Johnson, Marshall, May-
ham Maynard, Mercur. Eliakiin II. Moore, Jesse
lb Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Peters, Reading,
Kice, Rogers, Sargent. Schumaker, Josephs. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Stone, Strader,
Swann, Taffe, Twichell.Yan Auken,Van Horn, Van
Trump, Voorhees, Eugene M. Wilson, and Wood—47.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. KERR stated that Mr. Voorhees was
necessarily absent upon business; if present
he would have voted £ino."
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reeonsidcr be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles) when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 11) to renew certain grants
of land to the State of Alabama ; and
Au act (EL K. No. 404) to repeal an act of
the Legislature of New Mexico imposing a
capitation tax on bovine cattle.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Norman Wiard,
Mr. O'NEILL asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of Ann L. Rogers.
election contest e0gle3t0n vs. strader.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House additional papers in the
contested-election case of Eggleston vs. Stra-
der, from the first congressional district of the
State of Ohio; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections.
geological surveys of nebraska. etc,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, inclosing the
report of the United States geological survey
of Nebraska and the western Territories, made
bLy Dr. F. V. ilayden, under the directions of
the Commissioner of the General Land C fice,
together with a copy of the Commissioner's
letter of the Gth instant, conveying the report
to the Department; which were referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
bay of samana.
TheSPEAKEBalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to a survey
of the Bay of Samana by Captain McClellan;
which was referred to the Committee ou For-
eign Affairs.
carter campb, jr.
Tie SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
lata before the House the petition of Carter
