1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
Campe, jr., for removal of political disabilities;
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
JOSEPH E. DE BLANC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the petition of Joseph
E. De Blanc, a citizen of the State of Texas,
asking the removal of political disabilities;
which was referred to the Committee on Re-
construction.
EIGIIT-HPUR SYSTEM OF LABOR.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, with a substitute, House joint resolu-
tion No. 72, giving construction to the resolu-
tion of Congress, approved June 2o, 1808,
regulating the hours of labor of certain Gov-
ernment employes.
The substitute, which was read, provides that
the joint resolution reducing and regulating the
hours of labor of Government laborers, work-
men, and mechanics, approved June 25, 1868,
shall not be so construed as to authorize a
corresponding reduction of wages.
The substitute was agreed to.
Thejoint resolution,as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and be-
ing engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALASKA FUlt-BEARING ANIMALS.
Mr. DIXON entered a motion to reconsider
the vote by which Senate bill No. 32, to prevent
the extermination of fur-bearing animals in
Alaska, was recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Besolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish, for the inform-
ation of the House, a statement showing what
treaties have been made by the Government of the
United States with the Indians, with the date of each
treaty, and the time of its continuance, and the tribe
or tribes embraced within the same, together with
a statement of the estimated number of Indians,
taxed and not taxed, iu each tribe within such treaty,
and what treaties are regarded by the Department,
as now in iorce; also, what amount of money has
been paid, and what amount of goods, implements,
and merchandise has been furnished by the Gov-
ernment to each tribe under such several trea ies.
AI*o, what amount has been expended by the Gov-
ernment in the civil service connected with the In-
dians, and i he real or estimated amount thereof prop-
erly chargeable to each tribe, and under what treaties,
if any, or what law, such expenditures have been
made; also, the amount of lands relinquished by
each tribe to the United States, and when and under
what treaty or contract, and what amount of sueh
land has been transferred to corporations and indi-
viduals. except underihe homestead laws or by pur-
chase from the Land Office, and whatamount of land
is now embraced in Indian reservations; aiso, what
tribes have no treaties or contracts with the Gov-
ernment, and the estimated number of persons in
such tribes severally, and what amount of money
has been expended by the Government in the sup-
port and maintenance of such tribes severally; also
by what grants the Colonies, and by what grants or
treaties the United States, obtained rights or title to
any land occupiod by Indians, not being by grant or
treaty with such Indians, and what lands were so
obtained; together with any other and additional
information which the Secretary of the Interior may
mink necessary to the completeness of the inform-
ation herein asked,
Mr. WELKER. I would like to know how
far back the gentleman intends this inquiry to
extend. It would take the Secretary of the
Interior about; six months to prepare a full
answer to the resolution.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I desire the inform-
ation to extend back as far as may be necessary
iu the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. WELKER. I do not object to the
resolution.
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
NATIONAL CURRENCY ACT.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. l£. No. 400) to amend the na-
tional currency act; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
FERRY-BOAT QUEEN CITY.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 407)tochange
the name of the steam ferry-boat Queen City
to that of River City; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
ELECTION CONTEST HUNT YS. SHELDON.
Mr. STEVENSON. I now call up the
report of the Committee of Elections upon the
claim of Lionel Allen Sheldon to a seat in the
House as Representative from the second con-
gressional district of Louisiana. I ask that the
resolution accompanying the report be read.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That Lionel Allen Sheldon, claiming the
right to represent the second congressional district
of the State of Louisiana in the Honse of Represent-
atives of tne United States, be admitted to a seat in
this House without prejudice to the right of any
person to contest such seat according to law.
Mr. BURR. I ask the opportunity to move,
on behalf of the minority of the Committee of
Elections, to amend this resolution by striking
out "Lionel Allen Sheldon" and inserting in
lieu thereof " Caleb S. Hunt."
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. BURR. And I would inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] what
time will be allowed the minority upon this
Mr. STEVENSON. I am willing to allow
all the time the House will consent to give.
It was my intention to suggest that two hours
be devoted to this case—one hour before the
previous question is ordered, and one hour
afterward. I propose to make an equal division
of the time allowed by the House between the
majority and the minority of the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. BURR. Iwillhaveno objection to that
arrangement, provided it can be so arranged
that the half of the two hours allowed the
minority of the Committee of Elections can be
continuous and unbroken.
Mr, STEVENSON. I am willing that the
gentlemen who may advocate the views of the
minority of the committee shall occupy fully
one half of the two hours, but I desire to close
the case on our side as well as open it.
Mr. RANDALL. We have no objection to
that.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the case
of Hunt vs. Sheldon is one of the Louisiana
cases which were referred in a body to the
Committee of Elections upon two resolutions,
one of which instructed the committee to ex-
amine and report apon the credentials of the
parties claiming seats. The other resolution,
after referring in its preamble to the letter of
the Governor of the State of Louisiana and to
the report of the investigating committee or-
dered by the Legislature of that State, instructed
the committee to report upon the validity of
the election in each district, and upon the quali-
fications under the Constitution of the claim-
ants to seats. These three matters, therefore,
were submitted to the committee in each ease:
first, the question of the sufficiency of the cre-
dentials ; secondly, the validity of the election;
and thirdly, the qualifications of the claimants.
The committee in its report treats first of the
question as to the credentials, but does not pass |j
finally upon that question in this case, because j|
there are four other cases in which the same i|
question arises; and as its decision was not :j
deemed necessary to the determination of this ;l
case, the committee thought it fair and proper
to defer the consideration of that question until i!
other parties interested in it could be heard. >j
The defect in the credentials in these Louisi- '
ana cases is that they do not certify, as the ;
law of Louisiana requires, that the person to
whom the certificate has been given has been
duly elected. They certify that the person !.
has received a majority of the votes cast, but "
they do not certify that he has been duly
elected. The law of the State of Louisiana
requires that the Governor shall certify that
the person to whom he gives a certificate has
been duly elected ; and in cases which may be
regarded as the precedents this form lias been
followed. In this case that fact is not certi-
fied to, and on that ground the Clerk did not
put the names of those bearing these certifi-
cates upon the roll.
The committee, however, as I have said,
do not pass on that question. The committee
find in the case of Hunt vs. Sheldon that
the returns of the officers appointed by law to
make returns give to Sheldon, the contestee in
this case and the person holding the certifi-
cate, the majority of the votes cast. The
committee, therefore, rest their report in this
case upon the basis of the return upon which
undoubtedly the Governor of the State would
have been justified in issuing a perfect certifi-
cate.
The committee find farther m this case that
there is no question of the qualification of Mr.
Sheldon to take the seat. There is no allega-
tion, no pretense, but that he is a loyal man.
He served in the Union Army and did his duty
well, and is ready to take the iron-clad oath.
The committee, when they come to the ques-
tion of the validity of the election, find this
state of facts: this district is composed of a
part of the city of New Orleans, being the first,
second, third, tenth, and eleventh wards of the
parish of Orleans, and of the parishes of Jeffer-
son, St.Charles, St. John the Baptist, St. James,
Terrebonne, and Lafourche. The parish of
Jefferson is so intimately connected with the
city of New Orleans that a stranger would not
know when he passed out of the technical limits
of New Orleans as a corporation and into the
parish of Jefferson. The committee on all the
documents submitted to them are satisfied that
in the parishes of Jefferson and Orleans there
was war, there was bloodshed, there was pre-
concerted war made for about the period of one
week prior to this election, increasing, to be
sure, on the day of election and some days
before.
It may be claimed because the day of elec-
tion was a day of peace, therefore there was
no violence, no interference with the election.
It is true that while there had been bloodshed
prior to the election, while there had been in-
timidation, while there had been violence and
open war made on Union men, merely because
they were Union men, yet on the day of elec-
tion peace prevailed. Ay, the peace of death,
that peace which to-day is at the funeral of
Union men of New Orleans, who are burying
their dead and mourning their loss. This vio-
lence prevented nearly one half the registered
electors of the parish of Orleans, included
within this district, and of the parish of Jef-
ferson from casting their votes. Only one half
of all the registered votes was cast, scarcely any
vote being cast for Mr. Sheldon.
Upon the evidence presented to the commit-
tee we find that between one and two hundred
Union men, white and black, about a week
prior to the election, were murdered in cold
blood or otherwise maltreated by force of arms.
From the fact that one halt of the people did
not vote at all we conclude without any diffi-
culty that there was not a peaceful election in
the parishesof Jefferson and Orleans, such as is
necessary to a valid election, and we therefore
came to the conclusion upon the evidence sub-
mitted to us in these two parishes that there
was no valid election.
Now, the throwing out those two parishes
would produce substantially the same result
as that produced by the returning officers them-
selves, who. for other reasons, throw out these
same two parishes—who, for other reasons,
threw out these and other parishes ; but throw-
ing out the parishes ot Jefferson and Orleans
alone on the ground of violence would give
Mr. Sheldon a large majority of the votes.
Xlie only question it seems to me is this:
whether because there lias been violence in a
part of the parishes, such as invalidates the
