1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
Orleans forming a part of the second congressional
district were rejected for thereason thatthereturns
were made by the boards of supervisors of registra-
tion appointed by authority of an aet(No. 92) entitled
'An act to facilitate the registry of voters under an
act to create a board of registration to superintend
the registration of i he qualified voters of the State,'
nppro\ ed September 7,1868, said boards having no
authority to perioral any duties except that of regis-
tration, for which they were especially appointed."
Now when you look into the other law of the
State of Louisiana, being No. 1G4, on the sub-
ject of the election of members of Congress,
you will find that there is a most specific, direct,
unambiguous, and imperative requirement, by
a statute subsequent to the act No. 92, that the
returns from the parish of Orleans shall be
made by the supervisors of registration, and
by nobody else. And to the same effect pre-
cisely is the opinion of the attorney general of
the State of Louisiana, the main point of
which is copied into the report of the minority
in this case. He says:
"I am therefore of the opinion that the boards of
supervisors of registration and election, as consti-
tuted under the laws throughout the State, as well
in New Orleans as other parishes of the State, are the
proper returning officers."
Now, why are these important facts entirely
overlooked by the majority of the committee
in this case? Need they be told that the mere
reference in a certificate of this kind to a law
brings that law within the necessary judicial
notice of this House; that it does not need to
be set out; that it does not need to be copied ;
that it needs no further reference to place it
before the House just as legally and fairly as
these certificates are brought before the House?
The reference to a law in these certificates in
legal effect embodies that law into and makes
it a part of each of these certificates. Now,
upon that fact and that law it is apparent be-
yond all question that the election held in the
parish of Orleans was not only held according
to law, but that the returns were made accord-
ing to law and by the officers designated by the
law to discharge that duty. What right, then,
had these officers to reject the vote of the parish
of Orleans? Certainly no right based upon the
law. Where, then, did they get the right ? They
claim to derive it from no other source; they
state in their certificate no other reason ; they
allege no other case, legal or illegal, statutory
or popular, in the facts or the law. But they
simply reject; that is all. Did they reject it
because it was necessary to do so in order to
put into Congress a political friend and defeat
the will of the people? It appears to me that
it admits of no other construction. Those offi-
cers were directly associated with the law-
makers of the State, and could not have been
ignorant of its laws. The Governor must be pre-
sumed to have known the existence of the laws
which bore his own official signature of approval.
"Why, then, do they assign this baseless reason
for rejection? It is very difficult to reconcile
it with either an honest or lawful purpose. In
these days of lawless tampering with the rights
and liberties of States we should criticise closely
all actions of such officers.
Yet the majority of this committee, in this
particular echoing the rejection of that board
of canvassers, in the very teeth of the law,
also say that that vote shall be rejected. And
I will consider further in a few moments the
grounds upon which the majority propose to
reject this vote.
I insist, therefore, that upon the fairest and
most conclusive view of the law in this case
the vote cast in the parish of Orleans should
be counted, and that Mr. Hunt should have
the benefit of that vote so far as it was east
for him. Doing this, Mr. Sheldon is shown
not only not to be elected, but to be the minor-
ity candidate by 9,135 votes.
'But it is saidthat the returns from the other
three parishes ought to be rejected. I refer
now to the parishes of Jefferson, Terrebonne,
and St. John the B.iptist. Without examin-
ing those as presented upon the face of this
certificate, it is sufficient for me to say that
upon the well-settled rule of this House, upon
the well-settled judgment of all the courts of
this country in similar cases, every one of
those returns was legal and proper, and ought
nowto be received and counted bythis House,
the rejection by that board of canvassers to
the contrary notwithstanding. Why? Upon
the plaiu and simple reason that every one of
those returns has been rejected, both by that
board of canvassers and by the Committee of
Elections, upon merely technical, unsubstan-
tial, unmeritorious, unreal grounds.
More than that, Mr. Speaker, in every one
of these cases the omission on the part of the
returning officers that has caused this rejection
has been an omission merely of such require-
ments of law as are known all over the country
to be simply directory. In their intention they
are simply designed to point out aforinal mode
by which these things shall be done, but they
are not of the essence of such returns. They
have no connection with the merits of the elec-
tion. They can in no way affect the validity
of the votes cast by the legal electors. They
do not in any way affect the right of the people
of the district to be represented in the person
of their choice in the Congress of the United
States. They do not in any way affect the
substantial merits of the case, but only enable
special pleaders either in or out of the House,
by appealing to mere legal technicalities, to
override manifest justice and the clear rights
of the constituency, and in this case to take
away from the people of the second congres-
sional district the original, precious, and un-
questionable right of representation here in the
person of the Representative whom they, not
the Committee of Elections, have elected.
The effect of the numerous decisions is to
establish as the law of such cases that election
statutes are to be tested like other statutes,
but with a leaning to liberality, in view of the
great public purposes which they accomplish;
aud except where they specifically provide
that a thing shall be done in the very manner
indicated, and not otherwise, their provis-
ions designed merely for the information and
guidance of the officers must be regarded as
directory only, and the election will not be
defeated or affected by a failure to comply with
them, provided the irregularity has not hin-
dered any who were entitled from exercising
the right of suffrage, or rendered doubtful the
evidences from which the result was to be
declared, or permitted disqualified voters to
vote, and that the irregularity itself was not
occasioned by the agency of a party seeking
to derive a benefit from it. We refer on this
general subject to some authorities in point:
People vs. Higgins, 3 Mich., 233; People vs.
Cicotte, 16 Mich., 283; People vs. Cook, 14
Barb., 259; Clifton vs. Cook, 7 Ala., 114;
Dishon vs. Smith, 10 Iowa, 212; 4 Wis., 420:
19 Ind., 356 ; 2 Cal., 135 ; 34 Barb., 620 ; 43
Penn. St., 384.
The application of these settled principles
to the conJuct of the State officers in this case
in the rejection of certain returns—and this
application is perfectly admissible and legiti-
mate in connection with any inquiry into the
value of alleged prima facie title—clearly
demonstrates that every rejection so made, for
the reasons stated, was made improperly aud
without authority of law.
Next, Mr. Speaker, I invite attention to the
reason assigned by the committee for the rejec-
tion of the vote cast in the parish of Orleans.
It will be found on page 7 of the report of the
minority. It has been sufficiently stated by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson*,] and i
it is in substance this: that the votes cast in |
the parish of Orleans, which must be decisive I
of this contest if they be rejected or received, >
were rejected by the committee, not by the board j
of canvassers of the State of Louisiana, because 1
there, as alleged by the gentleman from Ohio,
existed in that parish prior to that election ;
violence, confusion, disregard of law. murder,
and maltreatment of llepublican voters.^ In
this connection there is one most significant '•
statement in the report of the majority, to .
which I must invite the attention of the House: j
" By tho official report of the committee of the j
Legislature of Louisiana appointed to investigate I
the facts, it appears that in these two parishes two
hundred and thirty-two Republicans were killed."
Now that is a very grave charge; but Iqtus
hear the remainder of it :
"Two hundred and thirty-two Republicans were
killed, shot, and otherwise maltreated." .
How, were they maltreated? How#many
were murdered, aud how many shot? Why
are we not informed on these points? They
may have been told that they were negroes,
and may have called that maltreatment. Tliey
may have been told that they were Black
Republicans by some ill-mannered Democrat,
and they may have called that maltreatment.
Who knows for what reasons this rejection is
recommended by the majority of the commit-
tee? Where is the evidence furnished by this
perambulating committee of the Legislature
of Louisiana? It has not been laid upon our
desks ; it has not been printed for the inform-
ation of the House. It is not legal evidence
in this case. It has net the value of one sou
in the determination of any question of per-
sonal or representative right here. How does
it get here? What right, Mr. Speaker, has
this majority to even refer to this kind of stuff?
It is not testimony, itis that kind of trash that
any committee of political scavengers may
gather up anywhere in this country from the
purlieusof partisan vice and prejudice andpas- .
sion, aud put into a book and call it evidence.
Is it this kind ofstulf, especially when collected
m theciiy of New Orleans, that, is to control the
action of members of this House in the perform-
ance of a solemn judicial dutyV Whence, I ask,
does this evidei-ee get its validity or us legal
character? It has none. This House did not
give it legal validity or moral credibility. It
intended to do no such thing, and it could not
have accomplished it if it had made the attempt.
It was mean, vicious, aud ex parte in its in-
ception, and had no reference to this contest
by the consent or action of the parties to it.
it was gathered up without their knowledge,
and it was a fraud upon the House and upon
Mr. Hunt to bring it here at all.
It was intensely partisan. The committee
was blinded by fierce prejudice. It may have
been taken from 'he mouths of honest men or
scoundrels; it may have been hatched up by
this committee; it may not have been taken
from the mouths of witnesses at all. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I do think it is time that the House
should come to a halt and hesitate to gofui ther
in the direction in which we have been tending.
The House owes it to its own dignity, to us
own honesty, and its own fairness. It ought to
reverse its conduct in cases of this kind. It
ought to require in behalf of the great right of
representation that these cases shall be thor-
oughly investigated, that they shall be decided
on their respective merits, nothiug else.
In this connection let me remaik, aud I atn
glad to do it, that on your own motion, Mr.
Speaker, (Mr. Paixe being in the pro tem-
pore,} it was ordered by the House specifically
in this case aud in several other cases that a sub-
committee should go to the State of Louisiana
and examine into each one of these cases on
their merits, their broad, complete, entire
merits, and report the testimony aud everything
else necessary to enable the House to act wisely
and judicially in the matter at the next session
of Congress. Why, in view of this fact, is it
proposed to press this case to a decision now ?
In view of that action of the committee will
you now primarily, on a prima facie title,
throw aside entirely this maji-nty ot over 9.000
votes, the legal validity of not one of which
has been attacked and the legal character of
which has never yet been questioned by the
majority of this committee? While that is so,
while not one of that 9,000 majority hsis been
legally questioned, you are asked to give the
minority candidate a seat in this House. _You
are asked to override, to practically disfran-
chise, over 18,000 votes cast by legal electors
ata peaceful election held according to law, and
certified according to law, and in spite of all
that, in spite of the law, and in spite of the
will of the people of that district, to give the
