©4©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
seat to a gentleman wlio received less than
9,000 votes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
, The previous question was seconded and the
main miestion ordered.
Hr. STEVENSON. I will yield the first
thirty minutes of the hour to which I am en-
titled under the rules for the purpose of clos-
ing the debate to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Boer,] who can parcel it out among his
friends on the other side as he may choose.
Me."BUilli. I yield still further to the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is not pleasaDt
for me in the diseussion of a case like this to
be compelled in terms which may appear to
be unkind to any member of the House to
criticise the conduct of members of the House
or of committees of the House; but when I
am engaged in the discharge of a great public
duty, in which every impulse of my nature
and every conviction of my judgment concur
to prompt me to do what I do, 1 can have no
hesitation arising from mere feelings of deli-
cacy. I must therefore beg leave further to
"suggest to the House that the conduct of the
House in the determination of cases of con-
  tested elections, and in the arbitrary and
despotic power exercised by this Committee
of Elections, has had no parallel in the history
of the country. It has had no example in my
own observation as a member of this House.
It appears to be the determination of the ma-
jority of the Committee of Elections to assume
that their time as members of the House is
of infinitely more value than the supreme right
of the people of the country to a fair, honest,
and constitutional representation in Congress.
It appears to be their determination to shun
the great and necessary labor and painstaking
deliberation demanded by clear duty and their
positions upon that committee in connection
with cases of this kind, and to act upon the
most hasty and immature examinations, lim-
ited to hurried consideration of imperfect, if
not exparte. statements of facts and law. with-
out sufficient diseussion by the parties or their
counsel. I enter my solemn protest against
this proceeding and against this mode of de-
termining these election cases. These cases are
to be resolved by us judicially, or ought to be,
but are not, and yet the House attempts to
decide thisone in two hours, an achievement
which no intelligent court of justice in the
country could accomplish ; nor can this House.
In years past, and under better auspices, these
questions of privilege stood in the front rank
of questions to be considered by the House,
and their consideration was approached with
more care, more particularity, more laborious
investigation and scrupulous anxiety to reach
honorable, fair, and just results, than any others
which came before Congress.
But now they are brought in here under the
lash of either party drill or the previous ques-
tion, and rushed through, right or wrong, with-
out even telling theHousewho was elected by
the people. It might have been inferred, from
all that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cessna] said in presenting the case of Hoge
against Heed to-day, in such an extraordinary
manner and spirit, that the former received a
majority of the votes cast in the third congres-
sional districtof South Carolina, when in truth
he knew that Mr. Reed, the Conservative
candidate, was elected by an honest and fair
majority of 3,000 votes.
Mr. BROOKS. Does the gentleman mean
the House to understand that the gentleman
who was thrown out this morning had a ma-
jority of 3,000 over the gentleman who was
admitted? "
Mr. KERR. I do mean to say that, and
more. I mean to say that the gentleman who
■was thus expelled had the only legal papers,
the only legally executed evidences of election
to that seat. And I further assert that every
evideaee of title to a seat here that was either
furnished to the committee or tkat existed
anywhere in favor of the gentleman who was
sworn in to-day was itself a fraud both upon
the law and against Mr. Reed, and had not a
single particle of legal validity. It was gotten
up by a set of partisan officers who have dis-
gracefully stultified themselves on the record,
and have gone before the country as a pack of
corrupt and revolutionary conspirators to de-
feat the high purposes of representative gov-
ernment, and promote only the unmanly and
dishonorable efforts of minority candidates to
foist themselves by fraud upon an oppressed
and suffering constituency. It is in that way
that he was brought in here, and I wish him
God speed in his repentance for this outrage
to which he is a party and in any efforts he
may make by humane and honorable service
towards them* to atone for it.
I was surprised, Mr. Speaker, to hear it
asserted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stb-
vexson",] as an argument to control the judg-
ment of this House, that Mr. Sheldon can take
the oath, and that he has been in the Army
of the United States. Why did not the gen-
tleman say at the same time that Mr. Hunt can
take the oath—the iron-clad oath, as the gen-
tleman described it by way of emphasis? Has
it come to pass that if a gentleman comes here
and asks for a seat on this floor, because he has
at some previous time in his life done service
in the Army of his country, however merito-
rious and honorable that may have been—I say
nothing derogatoiy of the service rendered by
Mr. Sheldon—that upon that groundheshall be
admitted to a seat here, whether he is elected
or not, whether he has received a majority of
the votes cast or not, whether the people of
the district want him to represent them or not?
It appears so. At least, in the absence of a
foundation.of fact or law upon which to admit
such persons the majority often appeal to this
kind of argument.
But, Mr. Speaker, I want to invite attention
to another remarkable feature in this case. I
call the attention of gentlemen on the other
side to a resolution on page 5 of the report of
the majority, the conclusion of which is in
these words, referring to Mr. Sheldon, that
"he be admitted to a seat in this House with-
out prejudice to the right of any person to con-
test such seat according to law."
The other day there were several orders
made by the House on the recommendation of
the Committee of Elections in cases in which
the parties had not proceeded according to the
strict letter of the law. Those orders were to
the effect that all parties in those cases might
interchange legal and formal statements of the
grounds of their claims respectively to the seats
in question, and that then the contests should
proceed as if every preliminary step under the
law of 1851 had been previously taken.
Now, what is the purpose of this resolution?
It is simply to keep Mr. Hunt out even of the
poor privilege of contesting in this House the
right of Mr. Sheldon to occupy this seat. Is
it designed to deny even to his constituents, to
more than eighteen thousand people, a right to
be heard upon this floor, contesting the claim
of this usurper? Why did not the committee
shape this resolution as in those other cases,
so that if it is the decree of the majority now
to admit Mr. Sheldon it shall at the same time
order that Mr. Hunt shall stand before the
House and his constituents as a contestant still,
with the continuing right to contest hereafter,
and to carry on that contest, if needs be, till this
Forty-First Congress shall die ? if I were a
member of that committee I would esteem it
my imperative duty to propose an amendment
to this resolution specifically providing that
Mr. Hunt should be allowed, if this seat is now
given to Mr. Sheldon upon this extraordinary
condition of facts, at least to come in and con-
test hereafter this seat in behalf of the people
of his district as well as in his own behalf.
These contests are not waged, as some gentle-
men seem to suppose, in the mere personal
partisan, selfish interest of the men who come
here to present the facts in them to the House
and occupy the seats. If these gentlemen -
understand their duty to their constituents and
to the country they ought to know and to de-
clare that they come here primarily and chiefly
for the purpose of representing the interests
of their constituencies and to secure for them
the great privilege of representation, and not
alone to advance their mere personal interests
in connection with the office. I do not care
the weight of a feather, not the value of one
farthing, whether Mr. Hunt or Mr. Sheldon
occupies this seat, provided only that whoever
does occupy it shall be here to express the
sentiments and wishesofamajority of the legal
electors of that district; and that is the only
question of real, intrinsic importance that it
becomes this House to understand, to investi-
gate, or to decide. In behalf of this great
question of right, then, inhering not in the per-
sons who are voted for or elected but in the
people of the country, I ask that this change
shall be made in the resolution, if nothing else
is done for the relief of Mr. Hunt, and in jus-
tice to the people of that district. 1 will not
detain the House longer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Burr] hasfifteenminutes remaining.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, in proceeding
to occupy the remaining fifteen minutes of the
time allotted to the minority of the Committee
of Elections in the discussiou of this question
I shall confine myself very rigidly to the points
which appear upon the papers themselves. So
far as the case upon which the House acted
this morning is concerned, thank Heaven there
is another case from the same State still lay-
ing back for the action of the House resting
primarily upon the same points, and upon that
case I will, if permitted by the House, expose
the facts relating to both. For the present I
shall content myself with talking specially about
the case which now properly engages the atten-
tion of the House. It is admitted by the ma-
jority of the committee, on the very first page
of their report in this case, that so far as the
attempt of the Governor of Louisiana is con-
cerned to manufacture such credentials as
would enable Mr. Sheldon to take his seat on
this floor it has been a failure. At all events,
the committee—and I join with them for suffi-
cient reasons—have refused to say that the
certificate of Mr. Sheldon is sufficient, and
have by their own act been remitted to the
examination of other papers connected with
the case and properly before them.
What is the next paper? We have here a
certificate, not sufficiently formal, not in suf-
ficient compliance with the statutes, rules, and
precedents to justify the committee in recom-
mending the admission of Mr. Sheldon, and
the whole committee unite in saying that we
mast go behind and beyond that which is in-
formal and insufficient upon its own face and
examine the papers upon which it is presumed
to be based. 1 submit that when we pass by
that certificate and coine to the returns upon
which it is presumed to be based it is for this
House, and not for the Governor of Louisiana,
to determine the regularity of the proceedings
and the correctness of the returns that may be
questioned. Here is an admission by the Gov-
ernor himself that returns regular in form and
correct in ail their statements have been re-
ceived from all the different parts of this con-
gressional district, made to a board of three,
and rejected, according to the statement upon
this paper, by one of the three without the
concurrence of the other two. What is the
law of the State of Louisiana on the subject ?
lhat the returns shall be made to the Gov-
ernor jointly with the secretary of State and
the judge of one of the district courts of the
State. They receive the returns as a board,
and those returns having been received, the
Governor issues his statement and bases an
authoritative declaration, upon the whole state
of facts, that of the whole number of votes
east in this congressional district Caleb S.
Hunt received 18,841, and his antagonist. 8,711
votes; and yet the Governor says that, he
declares Lionel A. Sheldon to have received
a majority of the votes cast I Ajid how does
