1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
lie get at it? Does he say that no returns have
been received from the parish of Orleans? No.
That the returns were irregular in form? No.
Has the board rejected them ? No, Who does
reject them, then, and for what reason? The
Governor says in this authentic published state-
ment that the returns of the parish of Orleans,
form-sg a part of the second congressional dis-
trict, were rejected—by whom? The secretary
of State and the judge of the district court
have never said they rejected them. Who, then^
has rejected them? The Governor of that State.
And for what reason? Because, as stated by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,]
violence prevailed and war existed in that
district? No, sir; not any intimation of any
such fact. What is it, then ? It is stated by
the Governor himself that he rejected them
because the returns were not. made in technical
compliance with the statute on that subject.
Now, it is said on this floor the returns from
Orleans should be rejected because' it is said
that intimidation was resorted to, and that in
fact a state of war existed such as prevented
any election being held under the forms of law
in that district.
Now, why is there such a change of front
here ? Because the Committee of Elections of
the Fortieth Congress decided unanimously on
a contest growing out of this same election that
the returns were in strict compliance with the
statute of Louisiana, and it would not do to
urge that now and ask the House to reverse its
own decision on that subject. Therefore some
other ground must be invented, and it was
found in the subterfuge that at a previous
period there had been violence in New Orleans.
And that is made to give some shadow of rea-
son to the Governor of Louisiana in throwing
out the returns made by the officers of elections
duly authorized to act in the premises. _ And
upon that miserable pretext, that evasion of
law, that disregard of vested rights in opposi-
tion to the authorized certificate made by^ the
proper officers, the majority of the Committee
of Elections ask this House to say that 9,635
majority given for Caleb S. Hunt shall not
entitle him to a seat upon this floor; and not
only that, but that he shall not even be recog-
nized as having a right to contest the right to
a seat upon this floor, to which the people of
the State of Louisiana sought to elect him, but
that he shall go hence, while his rival shall
take the seat as the Representative of the dis
francliised people of that part of the State of
Louisiana.
But it is stated here in the report of the
majority of the Committee of Elections that
whatever may be the result of the contest in-
volving the validity of these returns and the
sufficiency of the reasons assigned for rejecting
the parishes which were rejected, whatever may
be the result of that in the final decision of this
case upon its merits, this statement, or return
as they call it, is entitled to credit in making
up the decision of the prima facie case. Now,
I believe this is a case which shows that Caleb
S. Hunt received more than 9,000 majority over
his antagonist; and sobelieving,Ihave moved
to amend the resolution reported by the major-
ity of the Committee of Elections by substitut-
ing the name of Caleb S. Huntfor the name ot
Lionel Allen Sheldon. And I am willing to
extend to Mr. Sheldon all the rights and priv-
ileges as the contestant in this case that the
law of 1851 would give him or that the majority
of the House may be disposed to give him as
such contestant.
One other suggestion on the general points
of this case and 1 will have done. It stands
disclosed and it is of record, and win be read
hereafter by those who read the decisions of
the House upon these cases, that in an election
fairlyheld under the forms of law and with the
most possible quiet, so lar as any charge of
violation of law is concerned for I may be
pel mitred to say that both of these parties be-
fine the full committee said that no violence
had interfered with the election in their regions
of the Stati—with all these facts this matter
will pass into hi,-lory, and wo will see whether
41st Coxg. 1st Bess.—No. 41.
this House will give a seat to the man who was
defeated by nine or ten thousand votes.
Now, if the House (Joes that, allow me to
renew a suggestion made by a Republican
member of the Committee of Elections of the
Fortieth Congress upon a case then pending,
that if the decision was to go against the Demo-
cratic party on the point then pending it should
be understood and published that no Democrat
could get into this House unless he had at his
back a majority of at least 2,000 votes. If his
case is to go through, let it be published and
known that no one but recognized Radicals of
the most approved stripe can enter these sacred
Halls unless he have a majority of over 10,000:
for in this case the majority lacks less than
400 of that number. Let this be a test case ;
and if this House will elect Mr. Sheldon, whom
the people of Louisiana refused to elect, and ;j
will condemn Mr. Hunt, whom the people of r
the district have approved—a man of loyalty
unimpeached, integrity of character unques-
tioned, of patriotism that no man here or else-
where dare impugn—if the majority in this
House desire to make that decision, they have
the power to do it; but the action now taken
will go into history. Yon are making history,
and by that history you will be judged.
Mr. Stevenson1 resumed the floor.
ORDERING AN EVENING SESSION.
Mr. PAINE. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. StBVENSOx] will yield to me for a mo-
ment I desire to submit a proposition for a
session this evening. There is such a press of |
general business before the House and there i
are so many election cases to be disposed of j
that I do not see how we can get through our 1
business unless we have a session to-night. I j
move, therefore, that at half past four o'clock J
this afternoon the House take a recess till half j
past seven this evening. |
Mr. BURR. Does the gentleman propose I
that the evening session shall be for business,
or only for debate ?
Mr. PAINE. For general business.
The motion of Mr. Paixe was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST HUNT VS. SHELDON.
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield ten_ minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cessna.]
Mr. CESSNA. Mr. Speaker, I should not
detain the House a single moment were it not j
that after the remarks that have fallen from j
the two gentlemen who have last addressed the
House my silence might be construed into an :
acknowledgment of some of the declarations '
they have made. I do not know whether the ;
action of the House this morning, or my par-
| tit-ipation in that action, was or was not un-
derstood by all the gentlemen on that side. I 1
only allude to the matter now that there may i
be no misunderstanding.
I occupied the attention of the House some
fifteen or twenty minutes. I then offered to
yield to theotherside thirty minutes, and stated
that at the end of that time I would ask the
previous question, after which one hour would
be allowed for debate, and of that hour I pro-
posed to give one half to gentlemen on the other
side. Whether that was "indecent" haste
depends. I suppose, upon the surroundings of
■ > the occasion, and perhaps upon the sense of
' propriety entertained on the one side and oil
the other. Considering the action of gentle-
men on the other side yesterday and to-day in
consuming the time of the House I think mj
! offer was liberal, was generous : and it was the
i manner in which the offer was received that
! prompted me to proceed as I did in the funher
; conduct of that case. I had taken but twenty
I minutes of time ; I proposed to gi\e thirty to
gentlemen on the other and itfter that to
!' divide with them the last hour. That offer was
rejected with scorn by these gentlemen, who
j' now assume to lecture us as to what shull ^be
i! considered courteous and proper and rigut,
'J what shall be considered decent or indecent.
'' I agree that the gentleman from Ind-.ana [Mr.
' Knun] and other gentlemen on that side shall
entertain their own opinion on such questions,
and at the same time I shall entertain and ex-
ercise mine; and by the facts, the circumstances,
and the surroundings I am willing to be judged.
And now a word upon the next point in the
argument of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] in regard to the effect of that part of
the resolution leaving open a,contest "accord-
ing to law.;' That is the language of the res-
olution, but the gentleman knows, or if he
does not he ought to know before he attempts
to enlighten the House, that in the resolution
offered by the chairman of the committee, and
under the language of the resolution author-
izing a committee to go to the State of Louisi-
ana to examine into the allegations of frauds
and riots and generally into the merits of this
controversy, that very question is left wide
open, and all the informalities that were cured
in all the other cases are cured in this.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have said before, I
have not risen for the purpose of discussing
this question. I wish the House to remember
that this is a report on the prima facie right,
and not as to the merits of the ease—as to
whether Mr. Hunt or Mr. Sheldon has been
elected. I say that Mr. Sheldon came before
the House with the only certificate of election
from any authority of any kind under any law
of the State of Louisiana which will entitle a
man to a seat in this House. There is no
other certificate from any other quarter in favor
of anybody.
When Mr. Hunt came before the committee
he would not admit that there had been one
particle of fraud, that there had been one par-
ticle of violence in that city.
Mr. BURR. Does Mr. Sheldon say so?
Mr. CESSNA. Yes, sir; he says that two
( parishes were rejected by the board of can-
; vassers and by the Governor on aecount of
i fraud and violence. We have the fact before
j the House that the Governor of the State, the
i board of registration, and the board of can-
j vassers rejected those districts on the ground
| that there was no return made by anybody au-
| thorized by the law of Louisiana to make them.
In pursuance of that action they gave the cer-
tificate to Mr. Sheldon, and I say it is the only
certificate given to any one to represent this
district of that State in the House of Ilepre-
sentatives. The committee reported it as a
prima facie case, acting therein in compliance
with the resolution of this House. The com-
mittee have agreed by the resolution reported
yesterday that the merits of this question shall
be examined into, and that the facts shall be
reported to the House for its determination
whether Mr. Hunt or Mr. Sheldon is entitled
I to the seat, upon a full consideration of the
i whole case. So much for the technical ques-
• tion.
ij The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. IyerrJ
denounced the certificate in the other case set-
' tied to-day as a forgery. He pronounced the
authority upon which Mr. Hoge of South^Caro-
i lina claimed a seat, upon the floor of this House
j! a fraud. We had that certificate before the
;j committee, and I now hold it in my hand. It
j! is in due form and signed by all the officers
i| authorized by the law to give such a certificate.
Mr. BURR. It was not signed on the day
ii which it purports to bear date.
Mr. CESSNA. We have been appealed to,
j' and the House and the country have been ao-
pealed to, not to put a man upon this floor who
does not represent a majority of the district.
All those appeals are outside of the facts, and
1 are merely for the purpose of getting a false
'' representation of the facts before the country.
1 But let me return to this Louisiana case:
"The registered vote of the second congressional
1 district of Louisiana was o0,b34. 3Ir. Huntonlj
to bare revived IS,341, leaving 21.493 M'her
voted for Mr. Sheldon or did not \ote afe an. It tney
! all voted for Mr. Sheldon h>5 majprny would have
beou 8 132. Il mufsl -ilsu be borne iu mind that the
' intimidation and violence wliieh ^ th?'e
:, from voting wit! also coerce people to \ otewitn tho, e
who practice themtimidation and violence, and such
wTis 1,011 aot vohug.'or about seven per cent.
