THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
only of the registered voters failing to vote. Had the
same percentage of voters remained away from the
' noils throughout the entire district, still Mr. Sheldon
would have had several hundred majority.
"The five parishes named gave bheldon o,<xZ ma-
jority The registered .vote of Jefferson parish was
5 989. The vote cast was 2,886; leaving a vote not cast
of 3-113. Democratic vote east in this parish, 2,224:
Republican vote cast, 662; Democratic majority ,l,o6i
on vote actually cast. Deducting this majority irom
Sheldon's majority in the five parishes above named
leaves him, in the six parishes, a majority ol l.oUU.
-In Jefferson parish 3,113 men did not vote who were
registered. In the five wards of New Orleans 8,7jg
did not vote. Adding these together with the 1,800
majority makes 13,666, or 2,121 majority for Shel-
don* It is proper to say that the 3,113 Dot voting in
Jefferson parish were wholly within the cities ot
Jefferson. Carrollton. and the village of Gretna, all
lying contiguous to New Orleans. It will oe seen
that had the Republicans been permittedto vote en
mane and attend the polls in those cities and in
New Orleans it would not have been so easy for the
Democrats to have polled as many votes as they did,
for many frauds would have been detected and P£e"
■ vented. Timid men who would have voted the Re-
publican ticket would have done so, when, under
tfa© circumstances, men went to tbe polls and voted
th'e Democratic ticket under threats of injury to
business or person, and could not escape detection
if they had voted the Republican ticket.
Mr. COOK. I desire to ask a question of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and I do so
because I was a member of the Committee of
Elections during the last session. I wish to
inquire whetbereitherparty has presented such
a certificate of election as the law requires, and
whether the law does not require that the cer-
tificate should be signed by the Governor, the
secretary of State, and the judge of election?
Mr. CESSNA. In answer to the question I
will reply that it is only required to be signed
by the Governor. But the committee declined
to pass upon the sufficiency of the certificate.
- Mr, COOK. I understand the gentleman to
say that the committee did not pass upon the
question. I do not see how his answer helps
out the case. A31 understand the law, in refer-
ence to the parish of Orleans the supervisor
of each district made out the returns. Were
they not the proper officers required by law to
make the returns? That being so, was that the
only reason why they were rejected ?
Mr. CESSNA. In my judgment, and in
the judgment of the committee, that is not a
material inquiry for the settlement of this
question.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will
answer, as it goes to the pith and marrow of
the whole case.
Mr. CESSNA. I believe tbe gentleman
front Indiana has had his turn; but I will say
to him and to the gentleman who asked the
question that this question has been submitted
to" the judgment of certain authorities in Louisi-
ana, who decided that the supervisors were
not proper officers to make the returns. But
whether that be so or not, the tribunal appointed
in Louisiana to settle that question decided
against the returns. That may be a very per-
tinent question when we come to examine the
case upon its merits, but it is not one which I
think, in the judgment of the majority of the
committee, entered into the consideration of
the prima facie case.
[Here the hamrrer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe no gentleman
iu this House will charge me with any excess
of partisanship in election cases. I fear, on
tne other hand, that some of my friends are
disposed to charge me with paying too little
attention to that subject.
A Membbr. That is so.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to call attention
to what seems to.me the merits of this case.
The committee have reported thv prima facie
case. That, I believe, is admitted on all hands.
They have done it in terms."
Mr. KERR. After hearing it on the
merits.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, sir, -what consti-
tutes the first and chief feature of a prima
fade case? I believe it is admitted on all
hands that the certificate or commission of
the proper authority of a State constitutes the
chief ground of a prima facie case. There
was brought into this Hall a certificate, which
is in print on the first page of this report.
That certificate lacked, as I understand it, but
one thing to have admitted Mr. Sheldon to
his seat on the first day of the session when
the rest of ns took the oath. I had occasion
to converse with the Clerk of the Hause on
this subject, and so did other members, and
I know that the ground stated by him for not
reporting Mr. Sheldon to be sworn in on the
first day of the session was the lack of two
words in the certificate. The strict letter of
the law is that tbe certificate must set forth
that the Representative was "$uly elected."
Now, instead of using those words, all tbe cer-
tificates from Louisiana use the old form that
has been in use, as I understand it, from the
first organization of the State of Louisiana, so
far as I know. The certificate is in these
words:
"Know ye, that in accordance with the laws of the
State of Louisiana, an election was held by the qual-
ified electors of this State on the 3il day of Novem-
ber, A. I). 1868, for five members of Congress, to rep-
resent the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth con-
gressional districts of the State of Louisiana m the
Forty-First Congress of the United States, and for
one member ot Congress from tbe second congres-
sional district to the Fortieth Congress, to fill the
vacancy occasioned by tbe death of Hon. James
Mann; and whereas the returns of said election made
to tb esecietary of State, as required by law, have been
carefully examined, compared, and attested by the
proper officers whose duty it was to examine the
same; and whereas it hasbeen ascertained from said
returns that Lionel Allen Sheldon received 5,108 votes
and Caleb S. Hunt 2,833 votes cast at said election;
"Now, therefore, I, Henry C. Warmoth, Governor
of the State of Louisiana, do hereby certify that Li-
onel Allen Sheldon received a majority of the votes
cast for Representative to the Forty-First Congress
from the second congressional district of the State of
Louisiana,"
Now, if I understand the substance, the
words rather than the mere form, this is as
clear a declaration that Lionel A. Sheldon
was lawfully elected as could possibly be made
in words. The only defect is that the words
"duly elected'' are omitted, which are required
by our statute.
I call attention to another fact, tbatno other
man brought a certificate here claiming this
seat.
Again, no man made a contest until the sixty-
sixth day after the election, which was thirty-
six days after the time fixed by law for giving
notice of contest. Mr. Hunt knew what the
law was, for he had just bad a contest in the
Fortieth Congress about this same election, as
against Mr. Menard, and yetheallowed thirty-
six days to pass beyond the time within which
he was required to serve notice of contest. I
therefore hold this case to be a clear one on
th z prima facie merits, and I will add that, in
all fairness, I believe every member elected
from Louisiana bringing such a certificate as
this ought to be sworn in, provided he is not
personally ineligible.
Mr. BURR. Here is one from the third dis-
trict wailing to be sworn in.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then swear him in. He
ought to be sworn in.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the following
are the resolutions of the House of Represent-
atives by which this case was referred to our
committee:
Resolved. That inasmuch as thenames of Louis St.
Martin, Lionel A Sheldon, and George W. MeCnmie,
claiming severally to be elected Representatives from
the State of Louisiana, in the Forty-First Congress,
have been omitted by the Clerk from the roll of mem-
bers because, as is alleged, their several credentials
or certificates of election do not show that they were
regularly elected in accordance with the laws of the
said State or of the United States, the credentials of
the said several named persons be referred to the
Committee of Elections when appointed for inquiry
and examination into the right of said persons, re-
spectively, to be admitted on their said certificates to
take the seats which they claim, with the instructions
to said committee to report at as early a (lay as prac-
ticable.
. Adopted March 5.
Whereas the Governor of the Stateof Louisiana has
declared officially thataheelectionsheld in the State
of Louisiana on the 3d of November, 1868, "did not
elicit an honest expression of the will of the people,
and that the result wa3 attained by the most shame-
less resort to murder, assassination, tumult, aud in-
timidation,not tospeakof proscription, that was ever
known in this country, and that to allow it to go us the
expressed will of the people would be an outrag-e-upon
republican institutions and ruinous to good govern-
ment here for years to come:" and whereas a joint
committee of tbe Legislature of that State in their
official report declare " that the so-called election in
parishes which were in a state of anarchy was no
election, and that the returnsfrom those parishes are
null and void and should not be counted; they do
not express the free, unrestrained choice of the peo-
ple, but are merely the registry of the dictates of
armed mobs and brute force;" and "that Congress
shou'd also be requested to ad mi 11 ho Representative:)
to Congress who were duly elected by the votes of tho
peaceable parishes, excluding the votes of those in
which there wasno peaceableelectionandwbereas
it is asserted that several of the persons claiming
to have been elected at the said election as Repre-
sentatives in the Forty-First Congress are disqual-
ified under the Constitution and laws of the United
States from holding any office under tho Govern-
ment: Therefore,
Jiesohed, That the Committee of Elections, when
appointed, to whom their credentials have been re-
ferred, shall inquire into the validity of the election
for members to the Forty-First .Congress in the sev-
eral consressional districts on the 3d of November,
1868, and ascertain in which of said district.-., if any,
a valid election was held, and shall also, inquire
whether the persons claiming to have been elected
in such districts are qualified under the Constitution
and laws to take seats as members of tnis House ;
and that said committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers and to report at any time.
Adopted March 9.
Three inquiries are directed by the resolu-
tions :
1. Was there a valid election in this district?
2. Is Lionel A. Sheldon eligible under the
Constitution and laws to the office of Repre-
sentative in Congress?
3. If the election was valid, and Mr. Shel-
don is eligible, does the certificate of the Gov-
ernor furnish prima facie evidence of his right
to a seat in this House?
The documentary evidence referred to and
used by the committee consisted of the certifi-
cate of the Governor, a report of the board of
registration, and a supplementary report of a
joint committee of the Legislature. The stat-
utes giving official character to these documents
were before the committee.
First. Was there a valid election in the dis-
trict?
The district embraces the parishes of La-
fourche, St. Charles, St. James, St. John the
Baptist, Terrebonne, Jefferson, and a part of
Orleans. The documents referred to raise no
question affecting the validity of the election
in' either of the five parishes first named: but
they do raise a question as to the validity of the
election in the parish of Jefferson and in that
part of the parish of Orleans which is included
in this district. If the election shall be de-
cided to have been valid iu the parishes of
Jefferson and Orleans Mr. Sheldon's prima
facie right to the seat will depend on his eligi-
bility and on the effect of the Governor's cer-
tificate*. If it shall be decided that the elec-
tion in those two parishes was invalid, and yet
such invalidity did not destroy the election for
the district as a whole, then Mr. Sheldon's
prima facie right to the seat will also depend
on his eligibility and on the effect of tbe Gov-
ernor's certificate. The committee found that
the election was valid in the five parishes of
Lafourche, St. Charles, St. James, St. John
the Baptist, and Terrebonne, but was invalid
in the parish of Jefferson and in that part
of the parish of Orleans which is included in
this district; and we are of the opinion that
the invalidity of the election in the parishes
of Jefferson and Orleans did not destroy the
election for the entire district. If the support-
ers of Mr. Sheldon had been the perpetrators
of the outrages which invalidated the election
in Jefferson and Orleans, and had thereby
secured a majority for their own candidate,
it would be manifestly unjust for the House
of Representativesto enable them to take ad-
vantage of their own wrong by recognizing
here the validity of the election in the district
as a whole. But it is not alleged in any
of the documents referred to the committee
that Mr. Sheldon's snpporters participated in
those enormities. On the contrary, the evi-
dence, covering nearly seventy pages of the
reports, shows that theopponcnts of Mr. Shel-
don perpetrated the outrages, and that they
were so effectual that while the number of
colored voters registered in the five wards of
