I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
New Orleans which are included in the second
district was 6,491, the entire Republican vote
was only 12-5 ; aud in Jefferson parish, in which
3,248 Republican votes were polled in 1867,-
only 672 Republican votes were polled in 1868,
notwithstanding the registration of 1868 ex-
ceeded that of 18G7 by 1,143.
Sesond. The next question relates to the
eligibility of Mr. Sheldon.
'i Iih committee found and have reported that
he is qualified under the Constitution and laws
for a seat, in the House of Representatives.
Nobody has questioned this.
Third. The last question is whether the
Governor's certificate furnishes prima facie
evidence of Mr. Sheldon's right to a seat in the
House.
While the statute prohibits the Clerk from
placing on the roll at the first meeting of Con-
gress the name of any person whose cre-
dentials do not show that he was regularly
elected according to the laws of his own State
or of the United States, there is no statute on
the subject, governing the House itself, and
under the Constitution there can be none. The
Governor's certificate is in substantial com-
pliance with the law ofLouisiana. The follow-
ing are the statutory provisions applicable to
this subject:
^ "Sec. 30. Be it further enacted. That as soon as pos-
sible after the expiration of the time of making the
returns of rhe election for Representatives in Con-
gress the G- vernor, jointly with the secretary of
State and a judge of one of the district courts of the
State, shah proceed to ascertain from thesaid returns
the person duly electtd, a ciTlificate of which shall
be entered on record by the secretary of State and
signed by the Governor, and a copy thereof, sub-
scribed as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the person
so elected,andanothercopytransmitted to the House
of Representatives of the Congress of the United
States, directed to the Speaker thereof."
The following is a copy of the Governor's
certificate:
State of Louisiana, Executive Departmknt,
N ew Orleans, November 25,1868.
To all to whom these presents may come:
Know ye, that, in accordance with the laws of the
State ot Louisiana, an election was held by the quali-
fied electors ot this State on the 3d day of November,
A. I). 1865, for five members of Congress to represent
the first, second, third, fourth, and filth congressional
districts of the State ot Louisiana in the Forty-First
Congress of the United States, and foronemcmbcrof
Congress from the second congressional disirict to the
Fortieth Congress, to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the death of Hon. James Mann; and whereas the
returns of said election made to the Secretary of
State, as required by law, have been carefully exam-
ined, compared, atid attested by the proper officers
whose duty it wasto examine the same; and whereas
it has been ascertained from said returnsthatLionel
Alien Sheldon received 5,108 votes and Caleb S. Hunt,
2.833 votes cast ntsaid election:
Now, therefore, 1, Henry C. Warmoth, Governor
of the State of Louisiana, do hereby certify that Lio-
nel Alien Sheldon received a majority of the votes
cast for Representative to the Forty-Fbst Congress
from the second congressional district of the State of
Louisiana.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the seal of the State to be affixed
rT j this 25'h day ofNovcmber, in tbe yearof our
LL.s.j ],or(j 1S6S, of the independence of the
United States of America ninety*tbree.
II. G. WARMOTH,
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
George E. BoVEE, Secretary of State.
'l'his certificate, although not showing affirm-
atively the regularity of the election, and there-
fore not constituting of itself such credentials
as would require the Clerk to place Mr. Shel-
don's name on the roll at the organization of
the House, is nevertheless, if his eligibility
and the regularity of the election as a whole
are established, sufficient to warrant the House |
in adinittins him to a seat without prejudice to ;
the lights of the contestant. On the hearing
tin: tiutli of the certificate of the Governor
was called in question by the contestant, who
at'empted to show that certain returns for the
parities of JVtferson and Orleans had been
unlawfully excluded from the_ canvass, not on
account of the invalidity of the election in
those parishes, but on aecountof alleged irreg-
ularities in the returns. For that purpose
lie produced n certain statement of Governor
Warmoth setting forth the alleged irregulari-
ties aud showing the returns of votes regularly
or irregularly made for the parishes in which
the validity of the election is not questioned
to have been—
Is. A. Sheldon, C. S. Sunt,
Lafourehc  1,613 1,799
St. Charles  1,335 264
St. James  2,160 770
St. John the Baptist  1,278 452
Terrebonne  1,541 1,297
1927 432
And for the other parishes:
L. A. Sheldon. C. S. Hunt.
Jefferson  662 2.224
Orleans, in part  125 11,535
787 13,759
But the question whether the Governor's cer-
tificate is true or false is not embraced within
the scope of the resolutions of the House under
which this report is submitted. It pertains to
the further inquiry into the merits of the ease.
Whether the election in the parishes of Jeffer-
son and Orleans is assumed to have been valid
or invalid, the resolutions did not authorize the
committee to inquire into either the fact or the
legality of the exclusion from the cauvass of
the returns for those parishes.
Mr. Ntevensox resumed the floor.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. No. sir; gentlemen on
the other side have had nearly twice as much
time as we have had on this ; they can certainly
complain of nothing in this case, whatever may
be said of others. I shall not detain the House
long on this question. I was disappointed when
I heard the close of the speech of the honor-
able gentleman from Indiana,[Mr. Kerr,] cele-
brated for his talents and acuteness and legal
lore, and heard how poor a case he had made
in this argument. I have little to say in answer
except on this one point: he claims that on
high grounds of justice, sweeping aside all
technicalities, we should look into this record
and see who actually got most votes. On the
ground of justice 1 He admits that the cer-
tificate is against him for what it is worth. He
admits that the returns, the technical returns
as made out by the legal board of supervisors
of the election, are against hirn. They have
cast out the vote of certain parishes. He says
that is technical and ought to be swept away.
He wants to get at justice. I say if that be his
object then we have attained justice also; and
he in his learning should not forget that equity
disregards technicalities when they are against
equity, but maintains them when they favor
equity. In this case the technicalities of these
returns are in favor of justice, against violence,
riot, bloodshed, and murder, and therefore they
are to be maintained. The gentleman says that
upon the technical leturns Mr. Hunt received
a majority of votes: but who would have re-
ceived a majority of the votes if there had been
a fair election there? That is the question
if you go to the bottom of the justice of the
matter.
Now, let us see what this " peaceable elec-
tion" produced. Here is the parish of Orleans
containing 20,31-1 voters. How many persons
were allowed to vote there? Eleven thousand
six hundred and sixty ! Eight thousand six
hundred and fifty four registered voters in that
pari.-.h were kept away from the polls! Does
the gentleman call that justice? In the parish
of Jefferson 5,909 voters were registered, 2,866
voted, 3,083 electors were kept away from the
polls! Does the gentleman call that justice?
Determining an election upon the bare major-
ity in such an election would be a mere farce,
oulv tragical from the bloodshed attending it.
But the gentleman is very anxious to know
whatour report means when vvesay thatso many
Union men of both colors were *' killed, shot,
and otherwise maltreated/' He is pleased to
jest, in the midst of his solemn lecture, upon
this question of murder and of maltreatment
of Union men merely because they are patriots
or merely because they are men of color. Now,
I will give the gentleman particulars upon
which he may make his jest complete. In the
parish of Orleans alone seventy-five persons
were murdered outright in cold blood. Eleven
others were shot and not quite killed, and the
balance of the one hundred and seventy-three
were otherwise maltreated. Let him. finish his
comedy from that?
But be says that this report is notauthentic.
Why, he knows, we all know, the world knows
as a matter of authentic history, that that city
of New Orleans was the scene of an organized
war upon Union men, so much so that in this
parish of Orleans, where the gentleman says
there was such abeautiful stateof peace, where
there was a majority of Union men, had they
dared to go the polls—in that parish only one
hundred and twenty-five Union men had the
courage to go to the polls out of nearly ten
thousand! How many there were compelled
to vote against their sentiments no one can
tell. And yet the gentleman wants us to rest
this case on those returns. I thank God that
violence was foiled. I rejoice that violence
failed in its purpose, and that the technicali-
ties of the law prevented a man thus elected,
whose certificate would have been steeped in
gore, as every other from that State is steeped
in gore, from taking his seat here. I rejoice
that one man at least duly elected by the
peaceable and Union voters of that State brings
liere the Governor's certificate. My own indi-
vidual opinion is that the certificate of the
Governor alone is enough for us to stand on.
But the committee did not choose to prejudice
other cases. However, as the gentleman on
the ether side has given his opinion, I also
give mine. If that certificate is not good, the
returns are good, and we stand on them as on
a rock.
Gentlemen on the other side complain that
we have not decided this case on its merits.
Well, if they want to amend this resolution,
and the House will allow it, so that it will be
a decision of the case on its merits, I would
not care. The committee would have been
justified in deciding it on its merits, but they
liave not chosen to do so. They have given
grace, and now the gentlemen complain of that
grace. That is what sinners always do ; they
fight in the face of heaven against the grace of
God. I now call for a vote.
The following was the pending resolution:
Resolved, ThatLionel Allen Sheldon, claiming the
right to represent the second congressional district
ol the State ol Louisiana in the House ot Represent-
atives of the United States be admitted to a seat m
this House without prejudice to the right of any
person to contest such seat according to law.
The first question was upon the amendment
of llr. Bdrr, to strike out •' Lionel Allen Shel-
don." and insert "Caleb S. Hunt."
Mr. BURR. Upon that question I call for
the veas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. Ihopethe yeas andnays
will be taken on this amendment, and then
they will not be needed oil the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 101, not voting
52; as follows:  
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer Axtell, Beck,
Bige?, Bird, Brooks. Burr, C.ilkin, Cleveland, Crebs,
Dickinson, Eldridee, Uetz. Goliad.iy, Greene, Gris-
wotd, Haldeimin.Hamill, Hoi man, Th-uuas L. Jones,
Kerr, Knott, Marshall, Mayliam, McCmmick, Mc-
i^eely, Motfet, Morgan, Ntblaek,*Potter, Randall,
Reading, Reeves, Siocuin, Swaim, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Auken, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M. Wilson,
Wiuclie-ter, and Woodwaid—44.
XAYS—Messrs. Alnson, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell. B.uiks.Beatty. Bennett.Bingham. Boleb.Bowen,
Buffiuton, Burdett. Roderick li. Builer, Cessna,
CUurchiH, Ciarke, Am isa Cobb. Clinton L. Cobb,
Conser.Cowles, Dawei-.Deweese, Dickey, Dixon. Don-
ley, Duval, fila, Ferriss. Ferry, Fmkelnburg. Fitch,
Garliehl, Uiitlllan.IIa te, Hawley, Hew ion. Hiil,Ho.ir,
II oge, Ho j,kins, J enck'-s, Alexander II. Jones. Juud.
Juhan,Ivelley,Kelsey.KetcUain,Knapp,h iflui.-basil,
L mrenee. Lynch, M'U.irt by, McCrary.McUrew,Mer-
cur, Jes^ell. Moore,WiIliainM<*o<e,Daniel J.Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Negle\, O'Neill, Orth, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Pomeroy, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Schetsek, Seofiejd, bhank-.Sheidoa,
John A. Smith, William J. bunth, V ortlnnKtou C.
Smith. William Smyth, Stevens. Stevenson, btough-
tnn, Strickland. 1'iffe. Tanner, JMlin.in, lown-end,
Xwieliell. Xyner, %>>"• V.in Uorn. Ward, ^fwal-
ailerC. Wa-hburn, William B. a-hbu„n,.\\ elker,
YVkittemore.Williams. John T. Wilson. Alt mans, and
Witoher-101.
