THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Asper. Bailey, Bea-
mmr Benjamin, Beaton, Blair, Boyd, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake. Coburn, Cook. Cullom, Davis, Dockery,
Dyer, Earnswortb, Fisher, Fox, Haight, Hambleton,
Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay, Hoag, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
IngeraoH, Johnson, Logan, Loughridge, Maynard,
Eliakim H. Moore, Morrissey, Mungen, Peters.
Poland, Prosser, Rice, Rogers, Roots, Schumaker,
Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Strader, Van
35nnnp, Wheeler, Wilkinson, Willard, and Wood—52.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The tour of half past four having arrived
during the call of the roll, the House, pursuant
to previous order, took a recess until half pas_t
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION,
The hour of half past seven o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House resumed its session.
sosan a. shelby.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
tOs report from the Committee of Claims for
consideration at this time a bill for the relief
of Mrs. Susan A. Shelby, Itpassed the House
without objection just before the close of the
last session of Congress. I am satisfied that
no gentleman who is at all familiar with the
case will object to it.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is it a Senate bill or a
House bill ?
■ Mr. HOLMAN. It is a House bill. I ask
that the bill be read.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Mrs. Susan A. Shelby, of Port
Gibson, in the State of Mississippi, out of any
money appropriated or which may be appro-
priated for the contingent expenses of the
Treasury Department, the sum of $5,000, in
full for all her claims for cotton taken, cap-
tured, or sold by the United States.
# No objection was made; and accordingly the
bill (H. R. No. 408) for the relief of Mrs.
Susan A. Shelby was reported from the Com-
mittee of Claims, and read a first and second
time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; aud being engrossed, it was
aCM ? rea<3'tbe th!rd time> and Passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved toreeonsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nasiiyilljs custom-house.
by unanimous consent, from
the Committee.on Commerce, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) to sell or ex-
change the site of the custom-house in the city
ol Nashville, Tennessee, that a more suitable
location may be obtained.
res°^u.tiotl.au®oriz'es the Secretary
ot the Ireasury, in his discretion, to- sell at
public auction to the highest and best bidder
therefor, the_ present site for a custom-house
in the city ol Nashville, Tennessee, or to ex-
change the same for a new and more eligible
site. With the proceeds of such sale or ex-
,—r,— suuji saie or ex-
change the Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized and directed to purchase or procure a new
ana more eligible site for a custom-house in the
said city of Nashville, the cost of the new site
m no event to Exceed the amount of the pro-
ceeds ot the sale or exchange of the present
fj1 -1 on,y ?ay that this is a
very unsuitable site for the purpose of a cus-
tom-house, although it is very valuable for
other purposes; f move the previous ques-
1 he previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time : and beinc
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DIXON moved to reconsider the vote
*y which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
poet of entry.
Mr. DIXON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. R. No. 92) to discontinue Sault Ste.
Marie as a port of entry in the Superior district,
and to establish Marquette in lieu thereof.
Mr. DIXON. I will state that this bill is
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DIXO'N moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 62)
in relation to a site for a building for the State
Department; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the bill (H. R. No. 354)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal years ending
June 30, 1869, and June 30, 1870, and for
other purposes, agreed to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Fessenden, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Ramsey the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
distribution of documents.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of this House be
instructed to deliver to the members of the Fortieth
Congress whose successors have not yet been elected
the documents published by order of the House or of
Congress fordistribution among members until mem-
ber^ irom those districts have been elected for the
1< orty-i irst Congress.
removal of charge of desertion.
Mr. WITCHER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committed on Military Affairs, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 38) to remove the
charge of desertion from certain soldiers of
the thirteenth Tennessee cavalry.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
V\0 OflArt
Mr. WITCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states court in nevada.
Mr. KERR, by unanim'ous consent, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
House bill No. 3-13, for holding terms of the
district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Nevada, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill provides that the terms of the dis-
trict court of the United States for Nevada
shall hereafter be held as follows: at Carson
City, in said State, commencing on the first
Monday of January of each year ; at Virginia
City,in said State, commencing on the first
Mondays of March and December of each year;
and at Hamilton, in said State, commencing on'
the first Mondays of June and September of
each year.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read & third time 5 aod being engrossed, it wa"
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KliRK moved to reconsider the vote bv
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
t&Die.
Ihe latter motion whs agreed to.
buildings rented by united status.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, aud agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
a?v be instructed to ascertain the number
ot buildings now rented by the Government in the
city 01 Washington lor the use of various Depart-
me.wr' what amount of rent is paid for the same;
and tho length of time for which rented; and to re-
port to this ilouse what legislation is neeessary to
reduce the expenses of the Government in this
direction.
house restaurant.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House restaurant be placed in
charge of the Committee on Public Buildings and
wounds, with the same powers heretofore pos-
by the Committee on Revisal and Unfinished
Mr. BROOKS. What is the matter with
the.restaurant now?
Mr. HOPKINS. The committee which had
charge of it has gone out of existence.
The resolution was adopted.
divorces in the district.
Mr. COOK. 1 ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia Senate bill No. 76, concern-
ing divorces in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that in all
cases in which by existing law the supreme
court of the District of Columbia is authorized
to decree a divorce from bed and board it shall,
in eases hereafter instituted, have authority in
its discretion to decree a divorce from the
bonds of matrimony.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to know some-
thing about this bill. Does the bill authorize
the court to grant absolute divorces where they
can now grant a divorce mensa et thoro ?
Mr. COOK. Jt does.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object to it.
property of married women.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 75, regulating the
rights of property of married women in the
District of Columbia, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that in the
District of Columbia the right of any married
women to any property, personal or real,
belonging to her at the time of marriage or
acquired during marriage in any other way than
by gift or conveyance from her husband to the
prejudice of his creditors, shall be as absolute
as if she were a femme sole, and shall not be
subject to the disposal of her husband, nor be
liable for his debts 5 but such married woman
may convey, devise, and bequeath the same, or
any interest therein, in the same manner and
with like effect as if she were unmarried. Any
married woman may contract, and sue ami be
sued in her own name, in all matters having
relation to her sole and separate property in
the same manner as if she were unmarried ;
| but neither her husband nor his property shall
j be bound by any such contract nor liable for
' any recovery against her in any such suit, but
judgment may be enforced by execution against
her sole and separate estate in the same man-
ner as if she were sole.
_ The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion 4o reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
1 he latter motion was agreed to.
pension office.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings aud Grounds Senate
joint resolution No. 2tj, relating to the Interior
Department.
1 he joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Interior to rent the fire-
proof building on the corner of Cr and Eighth
