1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
streets, in Washington city, for one year, at a
sum not exceeding $10,000 per year, with the
privilege of continuing the lease for five years;
and appropriates $10,000, or so much thereof
as may be required, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
payment of the first year's rent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That makes an appro-
priation, and ought to go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOPKINS. I propose to amend the
joint resolution by striking out the words
" and $10,000, or so much thereof as may be
required, is appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated for
the payment of the first year's rent."
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 object.
st. james and little rock kailroad.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, reported
back the bill (EL R. No. 205) granting land
and the right of way to the St. James and
Little Rock Railroad Company; which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
Mr. WELLS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iowa northern central railroad.
Mr. McCRARY. I ask unanimous consent
to take up from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 60, legalizing the stamping of certain sub-
scription papers executed and issued to the
Iowa Northern Central Railroad Company.
The bill was read for information. The pre-
amble recites that in the year 1860, and subse-
quent thereto, large sums'of money were sub-
scribed to the capital stock of the Iowa North-
ern Central Railroad Company, a body-corpo-
rate under the laws of the State of Iowa, for
the purpose of constructing a railroad from the
city of Mount Pleasant, via Washington and
Iowa City, to Cedar Rapids, in that State ; that
the required United States revenue stamps
were not affixed to the subscription papers by
the parties executing the same nor by the com-
pany in the manner prescribed by law; and
that the company, after the subscription papers
came into the hands of the company, stamped
the same. The bill therefore proposes to
legalize the stamping of the subscription papers
an4 declare them to be valid and of the same
force and effect as if the United States revenue
stamps had been placed thereon and canceled
at the date of the execution and delivery of
the same and in the manner prescribed by
law.
Hr. SCOFIELD. I would inquire whether
the subscribers consent to this as well as the
company V
Air. McCRARY. All parties interested are
desirous of passing this bill, as I am credibly
informed. The subscription was made inper-
fect good faith, and the stamping was only
delayed till after the time fixed by law. There
is no objection on the part of any one con-
cerned, and nobody except my constituents are
interested.
Mr. llOLMAN. This is a question of rev-
enue, and I suggest that the word "sufficient"
be inserted before the words" revenue stamps."
Mr. McCRARY. The language of the bill
as it. stands is to that effect.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The amount of stamps
may have been reduced now.
Mr. McCRARY. If that be the ease, then
they have affixed more than the law requires.
The prope" stamps have been affixed. 1 have
no objection, however, to the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana.
The bill was read a first and second time;
and the amendment of Mr. holmax was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion wag agreed to.
frbkdmbn's bureau.
Mr. DOCKERY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the Committee on
Freedmen's Affairs Senate bill .No. 146, rela-
tive to the E'reedmen's Bureau.
The bill was read. It provides that the sec-
ond section of the act entitled "An act rela-
tive to the Freedmen's Bureau and providing
for its discontinuance," passed on the 25th of
July, 1868, shall be so construed that the edu-
cational department of the said bureau and
the collection and payment by the commis-
sioner of said bureau of moneys due to colored
soldiers, sailors, and marines or their heirs
shall be continued till the 1st day of January,
1871.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of considering the
biH.
The question being put, there were—ayes
53, noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Kelsey
and Shanks were appointed.
Mr. SHANKS, i ask unanimous consent
to make a brief explanation, not to exceed two
or three minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I thought I called for the
regular order a few minutes ago.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules takes off the regular order. It is the
regular order itself.
Mr. SCOFIELD. "Well, I call for the regu-
lar order after this.
Mr. SHANKS. By the act of July 25,1868,
the Freedmen's Bureau bill, as we termed it,
was repealed with this exception : it provided
that the educational department of the bureau,
and the collection and payment of money due
to the colored soldiers, sailors, and marines,
and their heirs, should be continued, but the
Comptroller ot the Treasury does not consider
that statute sufficient to justify him in paying
the money. This provision is to extend that
statute; in other words, to make the statute
definite. It provides for no new appropriation
of money. The amount now appropriated is
$1,700,000. After the payment of all liabili-
ties of the bureau there will be yet a balance
of over one million dollars which was appro-
priated for purposes of education. This bill
merely provides that the time shall be extended
that that money may be applied to the pur-
poses for which it was appropriated. It makes
no new appropriation.
The other provision of the bill provides that
the collection of the colored soldiers' bounty
shall be made through the bureau. This is
done to protect them against the frauds from
which so many of them have suffered hereto-
fore. There is no new appropriation asked
for in this provision, and none required. It is
only proposed to extend the bureau until the
money already appropriated shall have been
expended. 1 hope the House will not hesitate
to pass the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. It will protect the colored
soldiers against claim agents.
Mr. SHANKS. It will protect them against
the horde of claim agents who have been
preying upon them to make money out of
them.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I desire to make an
inquiry which may enable the Houseto judge
what we ought to do in relation to this bill. I
understand that there is about one million dol-
lars now in the hands of the Commissioner of
the Freedmen's Bureau, which this bill pro-
poses shall be expended for the purposes of
education.
Mr. SHANKS. Let me answer that state-
ment. The money already appropriated is in
the United States Treasury.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Well, that is all the
same. This bill proposes to continue the oper-
ations of the Freedmen's Bureau, not only in
the unreconstructed States, but in .the recon-
structed States, and if that may be done its
operations may be extended to white children
and colored children alike in all the States of
the Union; and thus Congress, by extending
this law or by a similar law, may take charge
of the educational operations of all the States.
Now, one thing more. If this bill is to pass
I submit to the gentleman from Indiana and to
the House that there ought to be some amend-
ment put upon it which will impose some re-
strictions or make some regulations as to the
mode in which this money shall be expended.
Let me state a fact. There is ail institution
here in this city called the Howard University.
The title to the property, as 1 understand it, is
in a private corporation. More than one hun-
dred thousand dollars of the funds of the Freed-
men's Bureau have been expended in erecting
buildings the title to which is now vested in
this private corporation. And I undertake to
say, with all deference to and respect for the
distinguished gentleman who has had charge
of the Freedmen's Bureau and in whose honesty
we all have the most implicit confidence, that
it was a mistaken application of the funds of
the Freedmen's Bureau to contribute any por-
tion of them for such an institution. It has a
literary, law, and medical department for the
education of colored students. That is all
well. But whatever aid should be given to
such an institution should receive the direct
sanction of Congress. The law authorizing
the Commissioner of the Freedmeu's Bureau
to aid in educating colored youth never con-
templated such an application of money as
has been made to the Howard University, the
buildings for which are said to be of such
defective materials as to be entirely unsafe.
I submit that before this bill is passed there
ought to be some restrictions and regulations
or some provision to determine the mode in
which the money shall be expended. I am
not satisfied that we ought to use up $1,000,000
more on educational purposes in the recon-
structed States, because I believe that the
southern States, where the great mass of the
colored people are, ought to educate alike their
white and colored children. This ought to be
made obligatory on every State by a funda-
mental provis'ion of the national Constitution ;
and if provision is not made for this in any
State, let the law of Congress at least specific-
ally provide the mode in which the money ap-
propriated from the national Treasury shall be
expended. As the law stands now the discre-
tion vested in the Freedmen's Bureau officers
is too undefined. In saying this I do not de-
tract from the distinguished merit3 of General
Howard, whose comprehensive philanthropy,
no less than his patriotism and great services to
the country, have endeared him to every good
citizen and rendered his name immortal.
Mr. SHANKS. If I am to answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Law-
kexce] I hope I shall be allowed to do so
before a great while.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I suppose I have the
floor. The country demands of us that the offi-
cers of the Freedmen's Bureau shall be re-
duced in number and its expenditures dimin-
ished. Here is a fund of yl,000.000 which
should, in part at least, be saved to the Treasury.
I am willing to secure education to every humble
citizen of the Republic, but let it be done by
well-defined modes.
The SPEAKER. This debate is all by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think we have had
enough of this discussion.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Shaxes] to suspend the rules, upon which
tellers have been ordered and appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 67, noes 39.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rales were not suspended.
