THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
might be something of advantage in inserting
that provision.' As it imposed no restrictions
whatever upon the President and left it pre-
cise!/ as it was before, authorizing him to use
the $2,000,600 for the purposes indicated in
the Hoiise amendment, the managers on the
part of the House saw no objection to allowing
that to.be added. In the progress of the amend-
ments of the Senate through the House the
committee found that the appropriations called
for by one of the treaties and a portion of
those called for by another had been inserted
in the -bill, and having been agreed to by both
brauchesrthey were beyond the reach of the
committee of conference. But the conferees
on the part of the Senate agreed to the section
added by the House providing that none of the
provisions of thg bilf shall be construed as rati-
fying' or approving any treaty made since the
appointment of the peaes commission. That
reduces those appropriations to appropriations
for purposes like those described in the treaties.
The conferees on the part of the House have
yielded to the Senate various small items of
appropriations where, in the interest of econ-
omy, the House had cut down the estimates.
For instance, where the House'had cut down
the-pay of a farmer to $750 the Senate had
added fifty dollars, and where the pay of a
teacjier had been reduced $200 by the House
the Senate had added that sum. The House
committee, in .view of the great purpose for
which the conference was appointed, and in
order to:get the main purpose of the bill, have
yielded those items arid others like them, thus
adding perhaps $25,000 to the aggregate of the
appropriations made by the House. With these
alterations'I believe the bill is substantially
wha't the House proposed to the Senate.
I will now answer any questions gentlemen
may desire to ask.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How about
the General Harney matter?
Mr. PA WES. That was settled in the House
by the adoption of the Senate amendment, so
that.it did not go to the committee of confer-
ence at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And how
about the Blackburn matter?
Mr. DAWES. That has been settled by
giving him seventy-five per cent, of his claim,
upon the condition that lie accepts that amount
in fall of his claim.'
-Sir,, LAWRENCE.• I would inquire of the
gentleman-from. Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, what is the aggregate amount appropri-
ated by this bill as agreed upon by the com-
mittee of conference ?
Mr. DAWES. About five million dollars,
or about one million-dollars less than the bill
contained, when it came back to us from the
Senate; and nearly one million dollars is con-
tained in two or three items to which the House
agreed before this bill went to a committee of
conference. I think the entire amount the
appropriations in the bill have been increased,
aside from the $2,000,000 placed at the dis-
position of the President, is about half a million
dollars beyond the large items to which I have
alluded.^ One of them, I will say, arises under
a provision of one of these new treaties, but it
is an item which the House Committee on
Appropriations at the last session of Congress
sent over to the Senate. . It is a case where we
purchased lands.and agreed togive fifteen cents
per acre, and we had to pay for the lands if we
desired to Bold them. That was a treaty in
reference to lands in Kansas.
Mr. GARFIELD. I thought I caught in
the reading of this conference report some-
thing about the future management of the In-
dians. I wish the gentleman would tell the
House what, if anything, is done by this bill
to purify or in any way to reform the Indian
service.
Mr. DAWES. All of these appropriations,
the whole Indian appropriation bill, is lifted
out of that awful and terrible condition de-
picted to us at the last session of Congress by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
when he said that as long as he lived he never
would vote for another Indian appropriation
bill that run through that filthy channel. The
whole bill is lifted out of that condition and
put under the control of the President of the
united States himself, so that no other person
can by force of law spend one dollar of this
appropriation unless the President of the
United State's shall put it in his hands to be
expended by him.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very glad to hear
what the gentleman has said, for I had hoped
I might be relieved from the pledge I had made
to myself that I would never vote for another
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. It was in order to secure the
support of the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio-[Mr. Garfield] that the committee of
conference have labored ail this day to accom-
plish this result. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman. But I would ask if this
money is appropriated in lieu of the treaties,
or are we still held to the carrying out of those
treaties?
Mr. DAWES. The money is appropriated
in lieu of every treaty made since the date of
the law creating the so-called Indian peace
commission, with the exceptions I have stated.
And in the case of those exceptions, where
items of appropriation are put in the bill in ac-
cordance with those treaties, they are coupled
with a clause that nothing in this bill shall
be construed as ratifying or approving those
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman
allow me to say that in my opinion he deserves
a monument?
Mr. DAWES. Very well; I will allow the
gentleman to say that. [Laughter. ] And now
I will yield for a moment to the gentleman
from Kansas, [Mr. Clarke.]
Mr. CLARKE. I understand the gentle-
man to say that this bill has been taken from
the filthy channel of the Indian Bureau.
Mr. DAWES. It was the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] who called it "a filthy
channel."
Mr. CLARKE. Is the Indian Bureau abol-
ished?
Mr. DAWES. It is not abolished, but its
occupation is gone, unless the President of
the United States shall see fit, of his own mere
motion, and upon his own responsibility, to
set it at work to carry out the provisions of
this bill,, or any part of it.
Mr. CLARKE. Another question, with the
permission of the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. CLARKE. lias anything been incor-
porated into this bill to prevent the Indian
Bureau from making arty more treaties?
Mr. DAWES. There is nothing in the hill
i that will make it uulavvful for them to do it.
I But it was the feeling in the committee of con-
ference that such a public sentiment had been
created by the earnest efforts of the distin-
guished gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke]
that it would prevent any attempt hereafter to
make a new Indian treaty.
Mr. CLARKE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is certainly very complimentary. But,
notwithstanding the skill and confidence with
which he has explained this bill, I am unable
to see that it contains any distinctive provision
by reason of which it differs from the bills
which have heretofore passed making appro-
priations for the Indians. I take it that here- j
tofore the Interior Department in its manage-
ment of Indian affairs has been under the i
direction and control of the President of the I
United States ; and it was because of this. !
Mr. Speaker, that I was so anxious on the night !
before last to incorporate in this bill something 1
which would put an end to these corruptions i
with reference to which the chairman of the !
committee on the day before yesterday dis-
coursed so eloquently.
Mr. DAWES. To be serious, Mr. Speaker,
in reply to the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Clarke,] let me say that it did not seem to be
exactly within the province of a conference
committee to report some new proposition that
was not referred to them as one of the matters
of difference between the two Houses, however
much we might desire to have passed into jaw
the very provision the gentleman has indicated.
This question was a matter of discussion in the
committee of conference, and the unanimous
expression of opinion on the part of the con-
ferees of botB branches was that the last of these
Indian treaties has been made ; that there will
be no more of them. I apprehend that such
will prove to be the fact. I hope the gentle-
man from Kansas will keep a watchful eye on
this matter, but I venture to say that there
never will be ratified in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, by a half a dozen votes or less, any
such Indian treaties as those which the Senate
undertook to embrace in this bill. I appre-
hend that the day of such treaties has gone by.
I yield to the g'ehtleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrexce ]
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to inquire of the chairman of the committee
whether he has any information as to the char-
acter of what are called the Harney claims?
The amendment providing for these claims was
put on this bill after it was reported from the
Committee on Appropriations. The claims
amount to a very large sum of money. I
would inquire of the chairman of the committee
whether there has been any investigation which
satisfies him that the purchases made by Gen-
eral Harney were made at rates which we ought
to approve by granting this appropriation? We
all understand that the purchases were utterly
unauthorized, and they ought not to be paid
without the utmost scrutiny.
Mr. DAWES. Let me say to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrexce] that the Harney
claim was settled by the action of the Hou^e
concurring in the amendment of the Senate,
so that the question did not go to the commit-
tee of conference. I can tell the gentleman
that my Own opinion about this matter, which
I spent sometime in investigating, is that Gen-
eral Harney bought at extravagant prices : that
he bought articles for which there was no press-
ing necessity at the time ; that he freighted
them at enormous cost, because he freighted
them at a season when such articles were not
usually freighted. But that the articles were
purchased; that General Harney was honest
in the matter; that, the articles have gone to
the account of the Indians, and that sooner or
later the claimswill.be settled, was, I suppose,
the view of the House when it voted to concur.
I agreed with the House in that action, because
I think that we had better settle up the matter
and have it out of the way, turning over for
the future a new leaf.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, a few days ago
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
advanced a proposition respecting the effect
of the fourteenth article of the amendments
of the Constitution upon the power of the Pres-
ident to make treaties with Indians, whether
naturalized or native born, residing within the
jurisdiction of the United States. He took
the ground that under the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
the President had no right to make treaties
with any such Indians. I should like to ask
my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, whether in this report of tho
committee of conference, assuming the posi-
tion of my friend from Massachusetts to have
been correct, they have recognized the right
on the part of the President and Senate in
conflict with that provision of the Constitution
as he understands it?
Mr. DAWES. The section inserted there
will take it out of any such category. 1 do not
recollect the phraseology of the bill ; but it
cannot be taken one way or the other touching
that point. 1 will tell you why I think so.
There were provisions in the bill inserted ap-
parently to carry ou^theso new treaties; but
