1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
there is a section added that nothing in this biil
or the provisions thereof shall be construed as
ratifying or approving any treaty made since
July 20. 1867.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If I un-
derstand the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, the question of the validity of
these treaties has been left by the bill and re-
port exactly where the conference committee
found it; and only certain appropriations are
made for the purpose of taking care of these
Indians, irrespective of the provisions of those
treaties, except in one or two cases for con-
venience or otherwise.
Mr. DAWES. It is in order to avoid any
legal effect from those that this provision has
beeninserted.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. Speaker, I have no
desire to detain the House in reference to this
matter, but only wish to express my gratifica-
tion at the manner in which the gentleman
from Massachusetts has succeeded in the man-
agement of this business. Under our arrange-
ments here we have little to do with Indian
affairs. To be sure, I may avail myself of the
privilege of saying something in reference to
our Indian policy. I have done so heretofore,
and I shall attempt to do so in the future. But
I wish to say that I am very much gratified at
the remarkable progress the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has made. I
am in favor of his bill, and intend to vote for
it, and yet it is not quite fair and just to send
out that we are voting for a different bill in any
essential features from the great number of
Indian bills heretofore passed by the Congress
of the United States. If there is a single fea-
ture in the bill essentially different, so far as
the administration of Indian affairs is con-
cerned in this country, from the appropriation
bills which have been passed by Congress here-
tofore I have failed to discover it either in the
examination of the original bill as it passed
the House, or the amended bill as it came from
the Senate, or the report of the committee of
conference. I say there is no essential differ-
ence ; and the fact is clear that we are making
our appropriations this year just as we have
made them before. We place them in the
hands of the President of the United States,
and I have great confidence that he will expend
them in accordance with the necessities of the
public service.
Mr. Speaker, we ought to understand that
this House and this Congress have utterly
failed, even in the last days of this session,
to meet this Indian question; that they have
utterly failed, and have simply made appro-
priations, as gentlemen have made them be-
fore, to bridge over this question until Con-
gress shall meet on the first Monday of Decem-
ber next, when, as it has been often said on
this floor,, we are to take hold of and settle
this Indian question.
Let us go back a little. Let us go back to
last year and the year before last. Let us look
over the history of the last two years and see
what our experience as a nation has been in
connection with this question. We appointed
a peace commission, and we sent out intelligent
men upon the frontier to examine into our In-
dian affairs and report a policy which Congress
could adopt looking to the settlement of this
question. That peace commission went out on
the frontier. They returned and made a report,
and the only fruit of that commission has been
an Indian war which has cost the Government
from twenty-five to thirty million dollars, and
calls upon us in the very bill 'now before us for
consideration to make large appropriations to
settle up its unexpended accounts. These are
the facts, and it is not fair, it is not right, it is
not just to convey the impression to the country
that we are adopting any change of policy.
1 was glad to hear the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] the other day add his
valuable opinion te the weight of opinion cxist-
ingtn the House in r?gard to the encroachments
of the Senate through the exercise of what is
called the treaty-making power ; but neverthe-
less let it be known here, and let it be known
to the country, that Congresshas failed to adopt
a policy, failed to grapple with this question,
failed to go down to the root of this matter,
failed to put a stop to the sources of these great
frauds—that it has failed to do this, and now
merely makes the appropriation of more mil-
lions of dollars from the Treasury.
Sir, this Indian question is too important a
question ; it involves the welfare of too large
a number of our people, and the expenditure
of too large an amount of money by this Gov-
ernment, to be passed over year after year,
practically refusing to consider it in its details
and to meet the emergencies as they present
themselves. It is a far different question to-day
from what it was twenty-five years ago. Then
the tribes, which to-day are but remnants
numbering but a few hundreds, numbered many
thousands. Then they were powerful tribes,
and existed as distinct nations. To-day they
are scattered remnants on the frontiers and in
the interior of the continent, the last expiring
relics of once powerful Indian nations. Now,
sir, I have no hesitation in saying that in the
light of the civilization and the intelligence of
the age they ought to be dealt with in a far
different manner from what they were in the
early history of this Government. During the
last six or seven years the records of your War
Department will show that at least $50,000,000
if not $75,000,000 have been expended for
the purpose of putting down Indian hostilities
on the frontier. And more than that, while
those hostilities were going on the Indians
were committing depredations on the frontier
settlers, thus keeping back the prosperity of
the frontier States, and preventing the onward
march of civilization toward the Rocky mount-
ains. They have been the great source of
danger and alarm to the pioneers, who more,
perhaps, than any other class of people in this
country are entitled to your protection.
But, sir, I have no disposition, notwithstand-
ing these facts are apparent to me as they must
be to every intelligent man at all acquainted
with life on the frontier, vindicated as they are
by the records of your War Department and
by the history of legislation—I say notwith-
standing all this, I have no disposition at this
late hour of the session to go into an extended
discussion of these matters. I only rose for
the purpose of saying to the House what is true,
and what is vindicated by every word of this
bill upon which we are now called to act, that
it does not differ in any of its essential features
from the annual appropriation bills which have
been passed during the last dozen years by the
Congress of the United States.
Mr. MAYXARD. T ask the chairman of
the committee to inform the House, if he can,
how r.iut'h the aggregate of this bill differs
from that of the bill for the last fiscal year?
Mr. DAWES. There is something more than
two million dollars appropriated in this. It
calls for appropriations for no new treaties.
They have been entirely disregarded in the bill.
But $2,000,000 are placed at the disposal of
the President. There was SI,000,000 put in
the bill by both Houses with which the confer-
ence committee had nothing to do.
One word m reply to the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Clap.ke.] As to whether there
is anything good in this bill I am willing to
submit that to the country and let, it pass upon
it. If nothing of good has come from all these
labors the country will know it without his or
my wrangling over it here. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of j
conference was agreed to. j
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
judiciary.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill to amend
the judicial system.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield three minutes to
my colleague on the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Kerb. ]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
was before the House the other day I consid-
ered it my duty as it then stood to opjbose its
passage. In what I had the honor on that
occasion to say I stated with sufficient full-
ness my reasons for opposing it in the form in
which it was presented before the House. I
adhere still to those reasons, and if the bill
were now before the House in that shape I
would hold it to be my duty to oppose it still.
But I was in favor, as I said then, of the ori-
ginal Senate bill. I think it a necessary, salu-
tary, and important measure, and that it ought
to be enacted into a law. We have now before
us the original Senate bill with no material
change except in this one particular, by which
they now provide that whenever a judge shall
have attained the age of seventy years and sees
fit to resign his seat upon the bench he shall
have his full salary during the period of hia
natural life. That proposition is a very differ-
ent one from the proposition brought in by the
Judiciary Committee of the House. It is so
much narrower, so much simpler, so much
more equitable, if the system of pensioning at
all is to be adopted, that I cannot find it con-
sistent with my appreciation of the importance
of the original Senate bill now to oppose con-
currence in the amendment, and I do believe
that the best thing the House can do for the
interests of the country will be to concur in
the bill with the Senate amendment, which sub-
stantially strikes out all of the amendments
injected into the bill by the House Judiciary
Committee and incorporates into it one new
feature only, that of pensioning judges who
shall have reached that great age and then
resign their seats on the bench.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield now to my colleague
[Mr. Schexck] for a few minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I understand the mat-
ter before the House there are but two mate-
rial amendments proposed by the Senate to the
amendments of the House. The rest are verbal.
One of those material amendments proposes
that these appointments of judges shall not take
place until December next. That I think is a
decided improvement on the House proposi-
tion. All through this city there are handed
around at this time papers to be signed recom-
mending some one for Supreme judge or for
circuit judge. Chaffering goes on ; bargains
are made. ''I will go for your collector or
assessor if you will go for my judge.':_ Now,
I do not want judges appointed at this time and
in the midst of such scenes as that. I think it
would be better to wait until next December.
. In the mean time let the merits of prominent
i individuals in the different circuits be discussed,
and let the bar of the country and the people
of the country concentrate some public opinion
upon particular men, and the selections will be
more judiciously made by all the parties upon
whom the power of selection rests than they
would be if they were appointed now in the
midst of that mass of appointments being made
for various other offices not half as important
as judicial offices.
The other material amendment is to substi-
tute the proposition of resigning in the case of
a judge instead of retiring him without resigna-
tion. That also, I think, is an improvement
on the House proposition with this exception :
the House proposition guards against retire-
ment unless there has been previous service
for at least ten years, and I think we ought to
keep that guard in.
I move to concur in ail the amendments of
the Senate except the amendment in section
five, and to concur in that amendment with an
amendment to insert after the word '"who
the words 4' having held his commission as such
at least ten years ; 1 so that it wili read that
'• any judae who, having held his commission
as such at* least ten years, shall have arrived
! j,t the age of seventy years may be permitted to
| resign," &c. I submit that as an amendment
' to "the motion of my colleague, [Mr. Bingham.]
