THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
■> Mri MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman
■why a mas would be any better qualified to act
as a judge after he had reached the age of sev-
enty, if he had notalready been a judge for ten
yeiH>si than if he had been a judge for more than
ten (ears' itissupposed that at the age of sev-
enty t)ie period of active usefulness terminates,
and it might'be a question whetherin view of
thatfact it would be right for the President to
appoint a man within ten years of that age, or
if appointed, for the Senate to confirm him, but
if appointed and confirmed I do not see that
he is any better qualified than a man who has
served ten years.
Mr. SOHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man, 1 do not admit, in the first place, the
proposition thata man's usefulness ceases when
he reaches the age of seventy years. I believe
more men rust out than wear out; that the
Kioce tkemind is kept employed the brighter it
is apt to be; There are exceptional cases. I do
not think an arbitrary rule of age is the best
of. rules; but I would fix seventy years as the
limit beyond which there might be permission
to resign.
Theii, as to the limitation of ten years of
service, 1 agree with my colleague [Mr. Bing-
ham] that from abundance of caution it would
be well-to cut off the possibility of favoritism
by which, at some future time, judges might be
appointed when they were upon the verge of
seventy years, and then retired immediately
after they are appointed.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to say but a single
word further to the House. So far as I am
myself concerned, I would be well enough
satisfied with the amendment offered by my
colleague, [Mr. Scbexck. ] But 1 beg leave to
Say. this, in addition to what I have said, as a
reason why the House should not concur in the
amendments of the Senate: contingencies may
arise which are not provided for by this limit-
ation of ten years of service which would
leave your judiciary utterly inefficient, incom-
petent,, and incapable of discharging the duties
devolved upon them. Those contingencies were
fully provided for by the House proposition,
which has been altogether overlooked by the
Senate. I refer to the ease suggested by my
colleague on the Committee on the Judiciary
[Mr. MldiudcsbJ of the absolute incapacity of
a judge arising from insanity, paralysis or
some other form of disease, when he would be
utterly incapable even of tendering his resigna-
tion. ;I think if we are going to reform this
matter at all we may as well non-concur in all
the amendments of the Senate and allow the
whole matter to go to a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It seems to me that the
argument of the gentleman from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee-on the Judiciary,
[Air. BinchaA,] answers itself to a certain ex-
tent, and it certainly answers the amendment
of his colleague, [Mr. ScnEXOK.j The gentle-
man from Ohio representingtheDayton district
[Jlr. Schenck] says that he would not fix the
age of seventy years as the arbitrary limit when
a man should retire from active service on the
bench. Why, then, fix upon the arbitrary term
of serviee of ten years in order to enable a
judge toretire upon his salary ? A judge may
be in. the precise condition suggested by the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
[Mr. BiSsham ;] he may be afflicted with par-
alysis or insanity or some other disease which
renders hiuv utterly incompetent to discharge
the duties of judge; yet according to the
proposition of the gentleman, because he has
not served for a period of ten years he is not
to be permitted to retire upon his salary, but
the temptation is held out to him to continue
in the office, although incompetent to perform
the duties, in order to secure the benefit of his
salary. If that be the only objection "to the
Senate proposition it seems to me we should
not send it back to them.
My objection to the Senate proposition and
my reason for non-concurring in it is the one
I suggested in my remarks a short time since.
But I would not require a judge to serve ten
years before allowing him the privilege of re-
tiring upon his salary. I do not think there is
any danger that any President of the United
States would appoint a man to the office of
judge merely for the pui-pose of soon retiring
him upon his salary. It cannot be possible
that any President of the United States would
ever1 be influenced by any such motives. If a
judge has served only five years, and should
then be struck down by paralysis and be afflicted
in any other way so as to render bim incapable
of performing the duties of his office, why not
permit him to retire upon his salary? As I
understand this measure it is not so much for
the benefit of individuals as for the benefit of
the public by making provision that when a
judge becomes incapable of performing the
duties of his office he may be permitted to re-
tire upon his salary, and thus the public service
will be relieved while the individual will not
be injured. That is the true reason for this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but a word or "two
more to say.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will my colleague
yield to me for a single moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I appeal to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr.
Bixqham] to agree to the amendment of our
colleague from the Dayton district, [Mr.
Schexck.] Jf the primary object of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is to require ten years'
service before a judge shall be allowed to re-
tire on his salary then let us concur in all the
other Senate amendments, and non-concur in
that.
Mr. BINGHAM. One word more, and
that is all. It is certainly within the knowl-
edge of my colleague on the Committee on the
Judiciary [Mr. EldmdgeJ that if the House
shall non-concur in the amendments of the
Senate it will be competent for a committee
of conference to provide that in the event of a
disability, absolute in itself, a judge may be
retired in accordance with the provisions of
this bill. I think, therefore, that we ought to
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate.
I now call the previous question.
. The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; which was first upon
the following amendment of Mr. Schexck to
the amendments of the Senate:
In s°.ction five, after the word "who,"insert "hav-
ing held his commission as such at least ten years;"
so that it will read:
That any judge of any court of the United States,
who, having held his commission as such at least ten
years, shall, after having attained to the age of sev-
enty yeiffs, rsaign his office, shall thereafter during
the residue of his natural life receive the same salary
which was by law payable to him at the time of his
resignation.
On agreeing to the amendment of Mr.
Schexck there were—ayes 51. noes 37 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sciiexck and
Mr. blxghair were appointed.
The House divided: and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, noes 40.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurring on concurring
in the Senate amendments, as amended, they
wore concurred in ; there being—ayes 76, noes
32.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROII Till? SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act (H. R. No. 307) making appropri-
ations for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869,
and the year ending June 30, 1870 ; and
An act (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of
| Joseph P. Fyffe, commander in the United
I States Navy.
| The message also announced that the Senate
II had passed a joint resolution (S. R, No. 2) for
the relief of John C. Reeside ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
leave of absence.
Mr. Strickland, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Rice,
and Mr. Cowles obtained leave of absence.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found trully enrolled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 43) concerning vacan-
cies in the adjutant general's department;
when the Speaker signed the same.
ELECTION CONTEST—-JITERS VS. MOFFET
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
privilege, and call up the contested-election
case of Myers vs. Moffet, from the third district
of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions reported
by the Committee of Elections in this case will
be read.
Mr. BURR. Before that is done I desire
to make a remark or two by way of submitting
to the House the question whether we shall now
proceed to the consideration of this subject?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. StevensonJ has called up the case as a
question of privilege, and is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURR. I am aware of that; but I
desire to state the position of the question as
a reason why we should not proceed with its
consideration to-night.
The SPEAKER. So long as the gentleman
from Ohio does not claim the floor the Chair
will understand him as yielding to the gentle-
roan from Illinois, [Mr. Borr.]
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, there is another
contested election case which has been re-
ported by the committee, and which is equally
j with this ready for a hearing; but as to this par-
j ticular case my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,]
prepared the minority report, and has had, so
far as the minority are concerned, the exclu-
sive charge of the case. 1 have not attended
to the question to the extent of even reading
the report of either the majority or the minor-
ity, because my mind has been busy with
other subjects connected with my official duties.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania is not here
to-night, and will not be. because he is unwell.
I hope that to-morrow he will be here. It is
now after half past nine o'clock. I submit,
therefore, tbat this case should not be pro-
ceeded with now, but should be allowed to go
over till to-morrow.
It has been suggested to me that one of the
arguments on behalf of the contestant might
be made this evening, and that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania could reply to-morrow.
But every one can see how embarrassing it
would be for any one to reply to a speech which
i, he had not had the privilege of hearing. I
[j submit these considerations, trusting the House
:! will now decide under the circumstances not to
!! take up the case this evening.
j! The SPEAKER. The question is entirely
within the control of the gentleman from Ohio,
who has charge of the case. He holds the
floor, and has the right to proceed or not, as
he may choose.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I pro-
pose only to make the opening statement to-
night. 1 do not wish to do any injustice to
anybody, but this case has been constantly
ii delayed at the instance of the sitting member
and his friends. To-morrow is the last day
of the session. If gentlemen of the minority
have not paid enough attention to the case io
read the report they have signed that is n.-t
our fault. They must not conclude that n •
other man has given any attention to it.
Mr. BURR. So far as regards reading the
evidence there is not one of the majority of the
committee who has ever read it, not one.
Mr. STEVENSON. The majority will take
cart; of themselves.
Mr. BURR. I osseit that to be true, and
it cannot be successfully denied.
Mr. STEVENSON. I propose to op«n this
