1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
absenceofthe Vice President, the Senate has chosen
Hon. Henry E. Anthony, a Senator from the State
of Rhode Island, President of the Senate pro tem-
pore, and that he make a similar communication to
the Hou.se of Representatives.
The order was adopted.
ThePRESIDENTproimjpore. The Journal
of yesterday's proceedings will be read.
Mr. TiiUMBOLL. Imove to dispense with
the reading of the Journal this morning, as we
are near the close of the session.
Mr. CONKLING. For what purpose? The
Seriate is so thin that 1 think we had better
wait.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. One ob-
jection carries it over. The reading will pro-
C66d.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the reading had
better go on. Let us wait until Senators come
in, and then I will not object.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading
of the Journal; but before concluding was in-
terrupted by
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is very consider-
able of that Journal, and I think there cannot
beany necessity in havingit allread thismorn-
ing. The Senator from New York, I under-
stand, will withdraw his objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that the farther read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with. It re-
quires unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The following enrolled bills and joint res-
olution, signed by the Speaker of the House of
Representatives yesterday, were signed by the
President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of
Joseph P. Fyffe, commander in the United
States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 367) making an appropri-
ation for the improvement of rivers and harbors
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and
the year ending June 30, 1870 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 43) concern-
ing vacancies in the adjutant general's depart-
ment.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 408) for the relief of
Mrs. Susan A. Shelby was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 343) for holding terms
of the district court of the United States for the
district of Nevada was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (EL R. No. 92) to discontinue Sault
Ste. Marie as a port of entry in the Superior dis-
trict, and to establish Marquette in lieu thereof,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) to sell
or exchange the site of the custom-house in
the city of Nashville, Tennessee, that a more
suitable location may be obtained, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) to regu-
late the hours of labor of Government laborers,
workmen, and mechanics, was read the first
time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that that resolution
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
IOWA NORTHERN CENTRAL RAILROAD.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 60) legalizing the stamping of cer-
tain subscription papers executed and issued
to the Iowa Northern Central Railroad Com-
pany, which was to insert in line five of the bill
the word "sufficient'' before the words "United
States revenue stamps."
Tile amendment was concurred in.
VIRGINIA, MISSISSIPPI, AND TEXAS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
405, in relation to the States of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas.
Mr. HOWE. 1 will not antagonize anything
against that, if the Senator from Illinois per-
sists in his motion; but there is lying on the
table here a bill from the House of Represent-
atives which, although it does not interest the
whole of the United States, interests very
deeply a great many citizens of the United
States who have claims upon the Government,
amounting in the aggregate to nearly four hun-
dred thousand dollars, which have been audited
and examined but which cannot be paidbecause
of a construction put upon a resolution passed
here two years ago. The House of Represent-
atives has passed a bill authorizing the settle-
ment of those claims. I think it will not lead
to any debate at all. I believe it did not in
the House of Representatives. It was unani-
mously agreed to by the Committee on Claims.
It is urgently desired by many Senators 
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ? I suggest that he
allow the bill to be taken up on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois, when the Senator
from Illinois no doubt will consent to let it lay
aside informally for the purpose of considering
his resolution.
Mr. HO WE. I was addressing myself rather
to the Senator from Illinois than to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill referred to
by the Senator from Illinois be taken up, and
then it can lie over for a moment informally
until the other is considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that that
bill to pay for steamboats taken down the Mis-
sissippi river, and many of them used in run-
ning out cotton, will give rise to debate.
Mr. CONKLING. If it does I presume it
will not be pressed. Let it be taken up inform-
ally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should object to taking
it up now. It seems to me that the better way
will be to dispose of that business which will
detain the Senate necessarily, and then after
that is disposed of we can take up other meas-
ures, so that there will be no necessity to
rescind the resolution providing for an adjourn-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the bill indicated by the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senator from
Illinois to allow me to present a petition for
rofVrcncs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yield for the purpose
of receiving morning business.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a memorial of
citizens of Washington city, District of Colum-
! bia, against the passage of any law that will
! change the present judge of the orphan court,
Hon. William F. Purcell; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. RICE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Arkansas, askingfor some
disposition of the swamp lands of that State so
as to make them available to the citizens of
the State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petitions of
Edward A. Freeman and John S. G. Timber-
lake, of Virginia, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. FERRY presented the petition of Mari-
anna C.Johnston, praying that she_ may be
recognized as legal heir to her son, William C.
Johnston, who died in the service of the Gov-
ernment, and be entitled to whatsoever may be
provided for by law in such cases ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY. it was
Ordered, That Toseph Sesar have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate his petition and
papers.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That James Traverse have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate his petition and
papers.
CLAIMS ON ENGLAND.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a message from
the President of the United States received
yesterday and read which covered important
papers relating to our claims on England. On
my motion at the time it was laid on the table,
for I was uncertain what motion to make with
regard to it. Since then I have conferred with
the Department of State on the subject, and I
send to the Chair an order which I ask to have
adopted with reference to those documents.
The order was read, as follows:
Ordered, That the message of the President of the
United States, with the accompanying papers, relative
to claims on England, be printed for the use of the
Senate, subject to the supervision of the Secretary
of State.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORTS OJj- COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 35) donating the Lincoln
Hospital to the Columbia Hospital for Women
and Lying-in Asylum, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 272) to settle the claims of the
sons of the late Colonel William Gates, of the
United States Army; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
MANAGER OF NATIONAL ASYLUM.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 64) appointing General
Thomas Osborn a manager of the National
Asylum for Disabled Soldiers; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have action on the
resolution now. It is important to pass it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which proposes to
appoint General Thomas Osborn, of Illinois,
a manager of the Asylum for Disabled Soldiers,
in place of Richard Oglesby, resigned.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amend ment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
VIRGINIA, MISSISSIPPI, AND TEXAS.
Mr. MORTON. If it is in order, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill in reference to bridges over the Ohio
river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent to that.
I gave way merely for morning business to come
up. I had called up the bill in regard to the
States of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana was not in when it was done.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to call up a
House bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no further morning business the bill (H. R.
No. 405) authorizing the submission "of the
constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, _ and
Texas to a vote of the people, and authorizing
the election of State officers provided by the
said constitutions, and members of Congress,
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and will bo read.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORTON. I offer 'he following as an
additional section to the bill:
A >ul be it farther enacted, That before the States
of Virginia, Mississippi, andTexas shall bo admitted
to representation in Congress their several Legisla-
tures which may be hereafter lawfully organized
shall ratify the fifteenth article which has been pro-
posed by Congress to the several Statesas an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it would
be advisable to put that amendment upon this
bill, and for this reason : Congress, alter very
great deliberation, passed several bills on the
: subject of the reconstruction of the late rebel
States, and proposed to them certain condi-
tions on compliance with which they were to
be restored to their former relations with the
Union, and this is the imposition of a new con-
dition. Whea is this to stop? Is Congress at
