1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
inhabitants are in great destitution. On February
20 tho rebels attacked the town of Gonaives, but
were repulsed alter sharp firing irom the town bat-
teries and assisted by Salnave."
Ithaii been but a few weeks since we had
accounts of the same enormities perpetrated by
Salnave against the rebels. Let gentlemen
review the condition of tilings in this negro
empire of San Domingo; let them review the
history of that, people for the last eighty years,
and they will ascertain, as most of them know
now, that bloody anarchy,, barbaric despotism,
has existed for that long period in this, one of
the finest islands of the ocean. Here, where
the negro race has had full opportunity to make
a fair experiment of self-government, it has
signally failed ; and that people are more igno-
rant and barbarous now than they were a cen-
tury ago when they were in a state of slavery.
And yet it 13 such a population to which the
policy of Congress and the measure now under
consideration and similar measures that have
been sustained by the majority here commit
the domination of States of this Union. It is
to the barbarous, ignorant, despotic govern-
ment of such a race as the negroes of Hayti
that the policy of Congress dooms all the white
people of most of the southern States.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question? I suppose it
is fresh in the mind of the honorable Senator
that the white population in the State of Geor-
gia very recently committed similar atrocities
at a place called Camilla, and that the white
population of Jamaica committed similar atro-
cities in regard to the black population in that
island. Are we to infer that the Senator would
have us take from the white population in the
State of Georgia and the white voters of the
island of Jamaica their right of self-govern-
ment ?
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator has
not stated according to my understanding of
the facts, the case at Camilla, Georgia, and the
case of the Island of Jamaica. The Governor
of the Island of Jamaica, Eyre, was tried for
enormities which it was said he had perpe-
trated or ordered the perpetration of in his
administration of that island. The white people
that acted at Camilla had much provocation to
excuse them, and if the negro population had
been absent from that place and there had been
no interference by white men to produce dis-
order among the negroes there and to induce
them to a violent and lawless course no such
catastrophe would have taken place at Camilla
as that which did happen. The white popula-
tion resident there were not responsible for it;
it was the white adventurers there and the
negroes that were responsible for it. That is
my reading of the facts and events that took
place at Camilla. But here is a small excep-
tional case in the Island of Jamaica and one
111 the State of Georgia, according to the posi-
tion of the honorable Senator. Every com-
munity, white and black, has its disorders,
more or less, but there never was so signal an
instance of the failure of all attempt at self-
government by a negro community, partly civ-
ilized, partly educated, as has taken place in
tho Island of San Domingo. The failure has
been of such a character as ought to satisfy
any man, I think, who will give fair play to his
reason, of the utter incapacity of that race to
represent the white people of the United States
in the great duty of self-government.
But, Mr. President, I have said now more
than [ bad intended to say. Indeed I had
intended to say nothing. I got up merely to
explain the reason upon which my vote will be
cast against the bill under "onsideration. 1 do
so to satisfy myself and my own constituency
alone. I know that any opposition which I
might, offer to the measure here would only
give it strength; and, regardless of what may
be the consequences of mv opposition, I declare
it. If the bill had been permitted to be voted
upon by the Senate as it. came from the House
my opposition to it would have been passive:
but witli the great, and enormous wrong offered
the people of the southern States in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, which has
been attached to the bill, I will give an expres-
sive and a decided "no" to the measure when
it is put upon its passage.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not intend to say
more than a few words about this bill. I feel
like the Senator from Kentucky, who has just
taken his seat, that it is neither agreeable nor
even useful to speak unless we have at least
the hope before us of attaining the end which
we seek. I have no hope of influencing any
gentleman in the Senate; and the only reason
why I say a word is that I desire to place my-
self upon record as entirely opposed to this
bill, and more particularly to the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. President, what is this bill? After the
war was over some of us hoped and some of us
believed that the promises which had been
made during the war when the Republican
party needed the arms and the swords of the
gallant young Democrats of the North to help
them in the war, the promises that the war was
to restore the Union of our fathers, might be
carried out. But after the introduction of this
system of reconstruction, and after it was pur-
sued day after day and hour after hour in Con-
gress, we began to give up all hope that any
of these promises would be kept. The major-
ity here have adopted a system of their own ;
they have adopted a plan which they call recon-
struction. This bill purports to be a bill in
conformity with the principles of reconstruc-
tion which have been heretofore adopted by
Congress. It is entitled "An act authorizing j
the submission of the constitutions of Virginia, i
Mississippi, and Texas to a vote of the people, 1
and authorizing the election of State officers j
provided for by the State constitutions, and
members of Congress." Now,-looking from
the stand-point of the gentlemen on the other
side of the House, the bill reconstructs these
States, restores them to their position in the
Union. That is the professed object of the bill.
It enables them to elect their State officers, and
puts them in full communion. Those gentle
men insist that they are not so now, and they
introduce this bill for the purpose of effecting
that end; and then they add to it this amend-
ment:
That before the States of Virginia, Mississippi, and
Texas shall be admitted to representation in Uon-
gress their several Legislatures which may be here-
after lawfully organized shall ratify the fifteenth
article which has been proposed by Oonsrress to the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
That before the States of Virginia, Missis- |j
sippi, and Texas shall be admitted to repre- ;|
sentation, after they are rehabilitated, atter ;j
under the principle of your own bills they are ;
in full communion, when they are sovereign j
States of this Union, they shall be coerced to i
do an act which the Constitution left to their
free choice. There is no power under heaven
that can make that fifteenth amendment a part
of the Constitution of the United States in this
way. If these States arc in the Union now,
as I believe they are, they are now entitled
to representation. if they are out of the
Union as this act contemplates, it proposes to
place them in the Union, to make them sov-
ereign States. Now, suppose that they do not
ratify the amendment when the time comes for '
its consideration, then we have this anomaly 1
upon the reconstruction laws themselves, that
there is a State in full communion, placed so j
by your own fiat, placed there in your own !l
way, and yet not entitled to representation on ,
this floor. If you can do that you can send ;
Senators out of their seats from this Hall, and \
you can send members from the other House •
by the same fiat, by the same will.
Under what principle. I ask. can you de-
prive a sovereign State of representation when
vim admit that it is sovereign? You have de-
fended yourselves heretofore by saying that
these States were not in the Union, that they •
needed reconstruction ; but now, remember,
you reconstruct them first, and then j on do not
say that they are not reconstructed ; you do
not say that they are not legal States : you do
not say in your amendment that they are not a
part of the Union, that their State govern-
ments cannot work regularly, but simply that*
they shall not be entitled to representation.
How are they to be entitled to representation ?
Has General Longstreet entitled himself to
office and to have his disabilities removed?
Are they to bathe in Jordan? Is that the only
way? Abana and Pharpar are rivers of
Damascus; but they are not the river Jordan.
They must bathe in the pool of your party pol-
itics before they can be cleansed. They are.
to join with you in assisting to strike out the
word "white" from the constitutions of the
northern States. They are to be forced to do
this under the amending clause of the Consti-
tution which requires a ratification by sover-
eign States. Do you suppose that your fif-
teenth amendment will ever become a part of
the Constitution of this country under this
bill? Never. The ratification thus forced is
unconstitutional. The means of altering the
compact made by sovereign States is provided
in the instrument itself, and that is a ratifica-
tion ; and that ratification requires that every
State shall have a free choice and a free vote ;
and when you say to your slaves, when you
say to the southern States " YVehave conquered
you; you are conquered provinces; we have
entered upon and possessed your land ; you
are slaves of our sword and our spear; you
can only be admitted to the position of free-
men again by ratifying this constitutional
amendment," do you allow them a free vote?
No, sir; they are powerless. They cannot
ratify it. Can they assist you in striking the
word "white" out of the constitution of my
State without a free choice at all,without being
States themselves even on your own theory?
No, Mr. President.
I think that gentlemen on the other side of
the House did well when they objected to the
introduction of the amendment, for however
the bill might have been under other circum-
stances. the amendment makes it inconsistent
with the reconstruction acts themselves.
Mr. FOWLER. I should have liked to sup-
port the bill, and should do so without the
amendment attached to it. I regret that that
amendment has been attached to the bill;
otherwise it meets my approbation generally ;
but with the amendment I cannot support it,
for this reason: it attaches a condition that
expresses a certain public opinion. I do not
think, for one, that the opinions of the whole
body of a people can be carried into force un-
less there are certain means made use of to do
it. I do not think a legislative enactment can
accomplish it properly. However, I have no
doubt that the people of these States will con-
form to the wishes expressed in the amend-
ment, because the tendency of public opinion
is in that direction, and 1 have no doubt that
the people of these States would ratify very
readily any constitutional amendment which
would meet the general approbation of the
American people; but to say by legislative
enactment that they must do so and so par-
takes too much of the principle of the tyrant
to meet my entire approbation.
I think this whole question should be left
exclusively to the opinions of the people, the
voters in these Stales. It is distinctly known
that all, or nearly all, vote in these States. Of
course all the colored people there vote. There
can, then, be no difficulty in regard to the ex-
pression of the opinion of these States on the
subject. They will give their opinion without
any doubt in favor o! the amendment of the
Constitution. There can be no difficulty so far
as that is concerned. A very large number
of the while population are in favor of that
already, and there will be no doubt of its rati-
fication 111 some shape. My opposition is not
to their adopting the amendment.. I should
be as much opposed to a restriction on their
action in regard to the adoption of any amend-
ment to the. Constitution ; but to say that they
must do so 1 think is out of place in the bill,
and I doubt veiy much whether the bill can
pais Congress at this session with the amend-
