THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
ment.added. It will have to pass the other
House, and it will delay us a long time. Having
made that objection to it, which has already
been discussed.. I make no further remarks.
Mr. DRAKE. I should like to inquire of
the honorable Senator from Tennessee whether
he voted for the passage of the act to admit
the States of North Carolina, South Carolina,
Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to
representation in Congress, last June?
Mr. FOWLER. 1 do not now recollect
whether I did or not. I think in all probabil-
ity I did. If I did not, I do not know that I
should have had any particular objection to
voting for it. I understand the object the Sen-
ator from Missouri lias in view. I may not
have approved all the details of that bill. I
may have been opposed to it, as I have been
to many measures, but believing that some
method of reconciliation must be adopted,
believing that some process of reconstruction
ought to be adopted, believing that those
States must be brought in in some manner,
no difference how, as after they were brought
in they could then regulate these matters to
suit themselves, I voted, perhaps, for that bill.
Without knowing distinctly whether I did vote
for that bill or not I am very well satisfied
that I should have voted for it even if I had
disapproved of the bill itself, as I disapproved
of it in many respects. I was in favor of ad-
mitting Arkansas under her constitution, which
I disapproved of; but as I believed that that
State was better in the Union, better working
with the Government than it was out of the
Government, I was willing to receive myself
anything in order to get her in that position ;
and then the people would be left to regulate
matters to suit themselves. I do not thmk
there is any necessity for such action at the
present time in these eases. These States can
remain where they are for some length of time
or they can come back to the Government.
While I believe it is better that they should
cqme back to the Government I think the ne-
cessity has already ceased for dictating any
means for coercing the opinions of the people
in these States or any other of the States.
That time has passed. I have no doubt really
that I voted for all of these measures; and I
say now that if I did not I would have done
so although I disapproved of them, simply be-
cause I believed some method, no odds what,
was better than to leave them in the condition
in which they then were.
Mr. DRAKE. The only reason why I asked
the question of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee was to ascertain whether, since the
passage of that act, a change had taken place
in his opinions. That act required the States
named ia it, before they shouLd be entitled to
represeptation in Congress, to ratify the four-
teenth article of the amendments to the Con-
stitution. There are some gentlemen here this
morning who voted against the requirements
on these States that arc yet to be brought in
who voted for that act and to pass it over the
President's veto. I thought perhaps the Sen-
ator from Tennessee was one of them. If he
was, it only shows that he and others have got
new light since last June and have undergone
a change of opinion on this important subject,
Mr. FOWLER. I do not acknowledge any
particular change of opinion in regard to the
matter; but if there was any great change of
opinion I have no hesitation in making such
a change whenever it. seems to me just and
proper that the change should be made; nor
have I any great pride of consistency, because
I know it would not do very well to follow back
any faenator here too fat in ascertaining tho
pedigree of his opinions. I do not think it
would 1)6 well to subject to tlie test of ttie severs
criticism of consistency all the opinions of any
Senator, and especially the Senator from Mis-
souri since 1860. I am very willing, however,
to submit mine to hiin. I have no greatpride
in consistency at any rate, as I have no great
respect for it.
- The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Shall the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole
be voted on together or separately ?
Several Senators. Together.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. I should have abstained,
Mr. President, from any further opposition to
this bill than simply recording my vote against
it if it had been left as the House of Repre-
sentatives sent it here. The bill was but little
more in its character than a confirmation of
the geries of measures called reconstruction,
to the whole of which,, in letter and in spirit,
I have ever been opposed; and if for none
other, for the very antiquated reason that seems
to have lost so much of its influence upon the
minds of the members of this body. I mean
that I believe that the whole of those measures,
as well as the present proposed law, were in
direct, open, flagrant violation of the spirit and
the letter of the fundamental law of this coun-
try that we have all sworn to sustain. Never-
theless, sir, I could see that the revolution had
so far progressed in this country that a man,
however devoted he might be to the charter of
government under which the true honor and
prosperity of our country had been founded,
had been nurtured and increased, should at
certain times look upon things practically,
take them as they were, and though mourning
the condition, silently assent to a policy prac-
tical because necessary, a choice only of evils.
For that reason I did consider that it would be
a relief to these States to pass from under the
hands of sixty-six masters in this body and
some three times that number of masters in
another body, and find an easier task of obe-
dience under one ruler, although he had noth-
ing better to back him than the physical force
of the country alone. For that reason I would
have been willing to have seen this bill pass
in its original shape as it came from the House,
contenting myself with a silent vote against it.
But, sir, there have been amendments to
it that change its character completely; that
take from it even the respectability that it
might have had as a practical measure, and
make it, as I consider under the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana, not only an act
of unjustifiable coercion upon the unhappy
people of the three States named in the bill,
but in my opinion a fraud upon the people of
every northern State.
I do not propose to discuss the condition of
the people of these three southern States so-
called. I could not trust myself to do it, and
run through the dreary, wretched catalogue of
wrongs to which they have been subjected. It
was truly said by the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams,] in reply to a remark of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxkling,]
that it was too late upon this floor to talk of
good faith to the people of the southern States.
Alas, sir. that is too true ; for it would be idle
to talk of keeping faith when the lips that pro-
fess it have violated it so often toward them.
What are these communities against which
your legislation has been leveled? They are
States when you can use them for a party end.
You remand them to the condition of con-
quered provinces when you think- they may
slip from your grasp, and the sentiment of their
people stands in defiance to the wishes of your
party.
I do not propose to apeak of the effect of
this law (if it be worthy of that name) upon
the three communities to which it is addressed.
Remembering the claims that are made for the
progress of mankind, the beneficent influences
of Christianity, the peculiar claims for moral
and intellectual leadership, so exclusively urged
by gentlemen representing the dominant major-
ity on the floor of this Senate, one might expect
an enunciation of a policy founded upon some
recognition of the true qualities which go to
make a State. But no, sir. Instead of that,
we have from the lips of his party of progress
no announcement of a broad or of a high or
of a Christian character; but tiiers comes the
same old, stern pagan declaration, Vcv victis.
The history of legislation for the last four years
in this country has proven that woe, indeed, is
the portion of the conquered.
But, sir, i rose to speak more of the effect of
this amendment upon tho other States, against
whom no pretext raised by a conditiou of war
and revolution can be urged. I speak for the
State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent on this floor; and 1 here declare that your
proposed submission of the fifteenth constitu-
tional amendment to the untrammeled vote of
the different States is turned to dust and ashes
when you yourselves create the votes that shall
overcome the natural majority against you.
Congress by its own terms usurps the power
to cast the votes of three States in the interests
of a partisan majority; and that you call a
ratification under the Constitution of an
amendment to that fundamental law!
The fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
is plainly, to my mmd, the most dangerous
claim of power, the most destructive to the
system of our Government, that ever was or
could be devised. If I know aught of the
Government under which we live, it is the
elective franchise, it is the process of carrying
on Government bv the elective system that
marks it from its first organization to its last
act. It is a power that must be, in the very
nature of things, the controlling power, because
the election is your test of power, of law in
every shape, and at every stage of your coun-
try's Government. That power you. propose to
take from the States and deposit with the Fed-
eral Government, to consolidate the power of
all powers, that which underlies and creates all
other powers ; and that you propose to place
in the hands of Congress ! There never was
a graver question, there never was an act which
will affect the whole structure and genius of
our Government to the extent that this must,
should it succeed in obtaining the consent of
the people of this country.
It has been demonstrated before this Senate,
in a manner that could not be and has not been
replied to, by my honorable friend, the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Thcbjsajt,] thatby the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] you do coerce the choice not
only of the southern States, which is a barefaced
act of simple power, but you coerce the senti-
ment of every northern State under your pre-
tended power ofgoverning the southern States.
Talk of the free choice of Indiana or Ohio or
New York! What is it when Congress can by
law insist that the votes of certain States shall
be cast in opposition to it? All freedom is gone.
Sir, when Congress adopts such a measure as
this, it is doing nothing less thau playing with
cogged dice. It is the intention, therefore, by
a measure like this to destroy, first, alishadow
of freedom in the exercise of their opinions
by the people of these three States, and next,
having destroyed that, to make their votes the
instrument whereby you crush out the senti-
ment of the northern States. Per fas aut nefas
seems to me to be therule by which this amend-
ment is to be forced upon the American people;
and the question will yet come up—it, cannot
be long kept down—how any law, how any
amendment obtained by means like this, can
be held binding upon ihe conscience of a peo-
ple who have either the sense or the manhood
to remain free.
It ia therefore that I object to the whole of
this measure, and 1 rise here in my place to
protest against its passage. While affecting to
direct it against these unhappy people whom
the fortunes of war have placed in your hand?,
you use the power so lawlessly held, so ruth-
lessly exercised, to strike down freedom of
choice in the very States which you profess to
treat as equals and entitled equally with your-
selves in having a voice in saying how the
Government shall be conducted.
And oven when this ia done, when these
States ratify this amendment, giving your party
the advantage of having three votes of these
States, then what comes? Is the end yet to
those people? Are they, even thau, States
