1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
that reduction there is any necessity for this
number of judge advocates ?
Mi-, ABBOTT. I have the statistics here
which show the number of cases dealt with
by the .induce advocate's department, showing
mure than ten times more cases than there
were at the commencement of the war. I have
all the facts here at hand, and can present them
if it is necessary to go into them ; but I do not
propose to open a discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the war, I will
suggest, there was no such thing as an outside
judge advocate. Some officer of the Army
acted as judge advocate, and the matter was
done just as well.
Mr. ABBOTT. Every one who knows any-
thing about the subject knows in what a con-
dition military law was when the war broke
out, and appreciates the necessity of a staff ,
of ihis nature. |
'J he PRESIDING OFFICER. The -jues- .
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from ,
South Carolina, [Mr. Robertson.] j
Mr. CASSERLY. If I am right I under- ;
stand this bill creates ten new offices 
Mr. ABBOTT. This bill does not create
any new ofnee. There are now eight judge
advocates: but the law stands in such a way
that as fast as they resign or die their places
can,lot be supplied, and the whole staff would
run out.
I will explain a little farther. During the
war there was a judge advocate for every army
in the field, which waseonstrned to mean every
corps, and so there were some thirty-one or
thutvthree judge advocates. By the act of j
180(5 tli«y were cutdown to ten ; but there was
no provision in that act for the appointment
of other men when any of the judge advocates
died or resigned, and this act is simply declar-
atory of that law; it provides a method by
which the corps can he continued.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand thatthe effect |
of this bill is to fasten this system of a Judge |
Advocate General and ten officers of that na-
ture upon the Army as a permanent institu-
tion. The effect of it is to fix that which grew
up from the necessities of the war as a fixed
institution of the Government with all the ex-
penses attendant upon ten separate officers;
and that in spite of and notwithstanding the
bill passed during the last days of the last ses-
sion for the reduction of the Army, with the
details of which every gentleman here is suffi-
ciently acquainted 
Mr." ABBOTT. All I ask is a vote.
Mr. CASSEBLY. I have not understood
niv fiiend, the Senator from North Carolina,
to saj that he has the recommendation of the
Piesiueiir, or of the war authorities for his bill.
Mi. ABBO L'T. I have not seen the Presi-
dent ; but this I say. that I have consulted with
several of the most distinguished officers of the
Army, and without exception their opinion is
that this corps is necessary. Unless the Sen-
ator from California desires to enter into this
whole question of whether a judiciary is neces-
sary for the Army, I have no disposition to do
it myself. i
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am more convinced .
now than ever that I am right. The present j
law allows eight, and we have eight now. I
think that is about six too many ; but as they
^o out the number will be reduced in time
probably to the right quota. _ It I had not
moved to amend by fixing ''eight," I should
now move "five;'' but I wiil stand on my
original motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina to strike out " ten and insert
"oitht.':
Mr. ABBOTT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The Question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 20, noes 10.
Mr. ABBOTT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows:
nenden, Fowler, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Ilarris,
Kellogg, McCreerv. Noi'.on, jNye, Potneroy, Pratt,
Robertson, Seorf, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, 'Jt'liur-
idou, Tipton, Willey, aid Williams—30.
NAYS — Alessii. Abbott, B (reman, Brwrnlow,
Chandler. ConkliiiK, Craghi, Dr;ike, Howard, Mo-
Donald, Morton, 0=b"rn, Pool, Sawyer, Trumbuil,
Warner, and Wilson—16.
AliSEXT—Messrs. Anthony, Biyard, Cameron,
Fenton, Grimes, Hamilton, llowe.Moiiill, Patterson,
Ramsey, Pace, Ros*. Saulsbury, Schurz. Sherman,
Spencer, Spraguo, Thayer, Vickers, and Yates—20,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. My friend from North
Carolina defends this hill very zealously. I
should like to do anything! could honestly and
conscientiously to aid him in a measure whieh
I thought, was right; hut I am opposed to this
measure upon principle ; and therefore I move
that the bill lie on the table.
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
declared that the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON'. I call for the yeas and
navs. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. ABBOTT. Now, I submit to the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina that this
sort of trifling is unbecoming. All I want is
a vote on this bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think I am as much
entitled to my opinion as the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina is to his.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will state his question of
order.
Mr. HOWE. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. That has been voted on ;
and lost. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on ordering the amendments to be en- ;
grossed and the bill to be read a third time. j
Mr. CONKLTNG. I rise only to suggest to
my honorable friend from North Carolina that
there is no force in the bill now as it has been
amended. It is not worth the trouble of
passing it. There are now eight judge advo-
cates, as I understand, and if the bill passes as
amended it leaves the matter precisely where
it is, as the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs tells me. Therefore
it might as well go on the table.
Mr. ABBO IT. I will say to the Senator
from New York that it has some force. It pro-
vides for the appointment of eight men. As it
is now as fast as the present judges advocate
die or resign their places cannot be supplied.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
The amendments were oidered to be en
!' crossed and the bill to be read a third time.
I; " The bill was read the third time, and passed.
1; SPECIAL SESSION OF TIIH SENATE
i1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a proclamation hum
the President of the United States.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
By the President of the United States of America .-
A Proclamation.
Wheroas objccts of interest to the United States
require that the Senate should beconvened at twelve
S o'clock on the 12th day of April next, to receive and
j act upon such communications as may be made to it
on the part of the Executive:
Now, therefore, I, IT. S. Grant, President of tue
United States, have consideicd it to be my dut> to
issue this my proclamation, declaring that an ex-
traordinary occasion requires the benate ol the uni-
ted States to convcne for the transaction ot business
at the Capitol, m the city of Wa^bmston, on the ]ita
Y
Cutteil
EAS—Messrs. Buckingham. Carpenter, Cosserly,
toil, Cole, Corbott, Davis* Edtnundb, ieiry, *c?-
dav of April next, at twelve o'clock noon, on that
dav of which all who shall at that time be entitled
to act as members of that body arc hereby required
; to take notice. „ , ,, , ,, TT ,
; Given under my hand ana the seal ot the united,
i States, at Washington, on the eighth aav ot
1 r t April, in the vear of our Lord one thousand
L^EAL.je hundred and sixty-nine, and ol the
independence.'ftheUmtedStatesoi America
the ninety-third. ^ ^
Bv the President:
Hamilton* Fish, Swrctary of
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language seetns
to call for a meeting in April ot next year.
"The 12th day of April next" is the lan-
guage.
Mr. DRAKE. That is April, 1870. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be
advisable for the President of the Senate or
the Secretary to notify the President of that
mistake.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will do so informally.
PAYMENT FOB VESSELS.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 4.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 4)
relating to steamboats and other vessels owned
in the loyal States.
The lesolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved. That tile act of February 19,
1867, entitled "An act to declare tLie sen^e ot an act
entitled 'An aC'. to restrict tile jurisdiction of tiio
Cour,t of Claims,' " &c., shall not apply to nor be con-
strued to debar the settlement ot claims tor steam-
boats or other vessels taken without consent ot the
owner or nnnresscd into the military service oi the
United States dui mg the late war in States or parts
ot States declared in insurrection: Provided, That
the claimants weie loyal at the time theT claims
originated and remained loyal thereafter and weie
residents of loyal States, and such steambo its or
other vessels were m the losurreciionary distiiets
by proper authority, namely: charter, contract, im-
pressment. or in conformity with rules or regula-
tions established by the Secretary ot the Treasury
and approved by the President of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears to me that
this bill is a little broader than perhaps its
friends intended it to be. Its language is such
that construed in a court of justice or by a
Department, (where they act as they ought to
do, upon what the bill says instead ot what
the people say who get it passed.) it will be
construed or may be construed to mean that
charters, contracts, or impressments made
during the war and in the rebel States between
anybody would come within the scope of this
act. It is plain that nobody desires to go to that
extent. I move to amend by inserting hi the
fourteenth line in lieu of the word "in'' the
words " taken into," so that it will apply to
steamboats and other vessels which have been
carried into the rebellious States under the
authority of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will not
agree to that amendment. 1 hope the Senator
will not insist upon it. There is but little of
this property. The eases have been already
examined in the Auditor s office and the amount
due is known ; it is less than four hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr, E D JIU N DS. That is all that have yet
! been examined in the Auditor's office.
1 Mr. HOWE. 1 suppose all have been exam-
1 ined that are known to exist.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Saw does not, say so.
! Mr. HOWE. No; but it is a good while
since the rebellion closed, and I take it they
have all been examined, though I do not know
how that is. 'These claims would have been
paid bat for the act of February 19, 1367 : and
if the amendment which the Senator proposes
, is agreed to, it seems to me it will not lelieve
| the difficulty under which the Treasury De-
| partment now labors. This bill only provides
! as it stands for paying for boats taken by the
: Government in the insurrectionary districts
when they were in the. insurrectionary distiicis
by proper authority, either by charter, con-
tract, impressment, or iu conloriin'y wuli the
' ■' '' - ''   the
that they are not allowed to pay. Tney can-
not pay under that law. If this amendment is
adopted, then, although a boat may have been
taken iti the insurrectionary districts, it is not
certain that the Department will hold that t.iey
are relieved from the operation of the act ot
February. 1867. I should not seriously object,
though, upon that ground to this amendment;
but it is within twenty-four hours of the ad-
journment of Congress, and if the bill is
amended at all it will have to go to the House
