1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
was there under contract made by anybody with
anybody it was there under proper author-
ity, according to the definition of tliis bill ;
and I suppose it is a fact, at any rate I have
heard that it was, that men who owned steam-
boats in the northern States did send them
South where there were opportunities to make
money for the purpose of aiding the rebels in
prosecuting the war against the Union ; and I
cannot see why such persons may not, if the
boats went down there pursuant to a contract
made with these persons, recover the value
of such boats against the Government. I
think it is a dangerous bill to pass, and I shall
vote against it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
allow me to make a formal motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Certainly.
XOUMAV WIARD.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that Norman Wiard
be permitted to withdraw his papers, now on
hie in the Senate, no adverse report having
been made. He wishes to use them in the
Court of Claims, I understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe there has been
an adverse report.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I inquired of the man
himself, who seems to be a very upright man,
and he says there has never been an adverse
report. He simply wants to use the papers to
present his case in the Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood from the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
who is not in the city, just before he went.away,
that that case had been .jxamined by him as
chairman of the Na.val Committee, or by the
committee at some former session, and re-
ported upon adversely. I may have misunder-
stood him, orhe may not have himself remem-
bered accurately the facts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
i.or.) If no objection be interposed, the order
  ill be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object for the present.
Mr. CONKLING, I hope the Senator will
not object to allowing the order to be made
conditionally; and I will have an examination
made in the Secretary's office, and if it turns
out that there has been no adverse report, the
order shall stand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made conditionally.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This joint resolution
is a step in the right direction ; but it does not
go far enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator will indulge the Chair a moment, an
adverse report does not prevent a party from
withdrawing the papers if he does not do it for
the purpose of having them recommitted. He
can withdraw his papers if there has been an
adverse report under the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not so understand
the rule ; but I understand that an objection
does not prevent it. I ask that the order be
made, because I cannot conceive what injury
can come from withdrawing his papers to pre-
sent them to the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The party
can withdraw his papers oitleave. but not with-
out, leave of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Then T ask leave.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know anything
about Norman Wiard or his matters except
what the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs told me just before he went away, as he
expected (hat tlie case might come up, and that
was decidedly adverse to the claim of this gen-
tleman. I therefore move an amendment to
the motion of my friend, that the Secretarj- be
directed to retain copies of the papers with-
drawn I do that substantially at the instance
of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is being
proceeded with by unanimous consent, another
subject being before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Allow me to say a word.
I was inattentive to the motion before the Sen-
ate. I ought to have attended to a message
that I received from the chairman ot the Com-
mitted on Naval Affairs [Mr. Grimks] before
he left. He desired that these papers should
be printed ; and there is an order drawn up
which I gave to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to have them printed. There are papers
here connected with the claim that are quite
voluminous ; and as it is a very large claim,
involving something_ like half a million dol-
lars—and a very wide difference of opinion
exists among those who have examined it as
to its validity—it was desired on the part of the
Senator from Iowa, who is now absent, that
Senators should have an opportunity to exam-
ine the testimony. For that reason I was about
to offer a motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to make one re-
mark. I never saw Mr. Wiard but once until
to-day, and then I saw a man apparently as
utterly in distress as any man I had ever seen.
On the las; night of the previous session he
said to me what I need not repeat, disclosing
a sense of the great misfortune that his claim
could not be acted upon. Now, he comes to
ine to-day and says that he is satisfied that it
cannot be acted upon now, that there never
has been an adverse report, and he is suffering
from want of action. He brings to me a letter
from the chairman of a committee in the House
saying that he has examined it and has no
doubt about the claim ; but Mr. Wiard gives
up all expectation of congressional interven-
tion, and simply asks permission to take his
papers and present the ease to the Court of
Claims, and see whether he can obtain any-
thing there. Now I have discharged the whole
office of humanity to this man by bringing the
matter to the attention of the Senate. I know
nothing about it except what I said ; and I
hope that unless there be some objection to it
on some terms he will be permitted to make
use of his papers in order to introduce his case
to the Court of Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is no objec-
tion to that, but I would suggest that they first
be printed.
Mr._ CONKLING. Very well. Then, if
there is no objection, I make the motion that
they be printed, and that after the printing he
be furnished with the originals.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That, motion
will be entertained if there be no objection.
The question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT TOE VESSELS.
The Senate, as iu Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 4) relating to steamboats and
other vessels owned in the loyal States.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This is a step in the
right direction ; but it does not go far enough.
Why should the claims of owners of steam-
boats and other vessels living in the loyal
States be paid while loyal men living in the
disloyal States are not to be paid for the same
kind of property? And if loyal men living
in loyal Statps who were the owners of steam-
boats and other vessels are to be paid, why
should not loyal men be paid who live in the
disloyal States and were the owners of other
property ? I have no doubt that steamboats
and other vessels went down the Mississippi
river for the purpose of gain, for the purpose
of taking out rebel cotton and other produce,
and those vessels were lost or seized by the
enemy. Now the owners of those vessels may
come forward and demand that they shall be
paid. If they are to be paid why not pay the
owners of other property also ?
Mr. HOWE. Let me remind my friend that
we have already reported a bill which will cover
other kinds of property owned by parties in
the insurrectionary States. I hat bill would
not reach this case, and we had to report this.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If I thought that bill
would pass I would withdraw my objection to
this.
Mr. HOWE. We will try to pass it.
Mr. ROBERTSON'. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont-
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a very important
question, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and I
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conkling, Corbett.Cragin, Edmunds. Fenton, Fessen-
den, Howard, Kellogg, Morrill, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Williams, Wil-
son. and Yates—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony,Brownlow.Bucsk-
ingham, Cattell,Co!e, Davis, Drake, Fowler, Rauiiin,
Harlan, Harris, Howe, McCreery,McDonald, Morton,
Pratt, Ramsey, Eice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Tipton, Warner,
and Willev—29.
ABSKNT— Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Casserly,
Ferry, Gilbert, Grimes, Hamilton, Norton, Nye, Pool,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
and Viekers—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move now to amend by
inserting after the word "impressment" the
words "under the authority of the United
States." The object of this is to confine this
statute to payments to those people for prop-
erty that the United States had taken under
its authority instead of giving everybody, as
the bill now reads, a claim under a charter
with anybody, or a contract or impressment
by anybody. I should hope the chairman ot
the Committee on Claims would not object to
that.
Mr. HOWE. The chairman of the commit-
tee would not object to that if it was not an
amendment to say in another form precisely
the thing which is said now in the bill, and
send it back to the House of Representatives
for that purpose. It is a very good way, it is
just as good a way to defeat a bill when you
have only twenty-four hours to pass it in, to
select another form of words to express the
same idea, as it is to pass the idea which is
contained in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Unhappily, the idea is not
there at all without these words. All that is
required to give these people authority to put
in their claims is that they were residents in
the loyal States, and that these steamboats or
other vessels were in the insurrectionary dis-
tricts, as it nowreads, "byproper authority,"
as by charter made between private individ-
uals, by contract made between private parties
engaged in running the blockade or anything
else, or impressment by authority, no matter
whether that of the United States or anybody
else. Then if at last under any of these cir-
cumstances the property came to the use of the
,i United States we have got to pay for it. I ask
,j for the yeas and nays on this amendment,
'i The yeas and nays were ordered : and being
l taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 30; as follows:
j YEAS—Messsrs. Bayard, Boreman.Browniow.Car-
! penter. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
' Edmunds, Fenton, HarJan, Howard, Pomeroy, Stew-
art, Stockton,Sumner, Trumbull,Williams, and Wil-
son—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cattell, Davis, Drake, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harris, Howe, McCreery, McDonald. Mor-
ton, Osborn, Patterson. Pratt. Ramsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Ross. Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Thayer.
Warner, Willev, and Yates—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Ferry, Fcssenden,
Grimes, Hamilton, Kellogg, Morrill, Norton, Nye,
Pool, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Thurman, Tip-
ton, and Vickeis—16.
So the amendment was i ejected.
Mr. FOWLER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the thirteenth line the words " and
were residents of loyal States." If persons
who lived in loyal States may be paid, cer-
tainly those who resided in disloyal States
should be paid if they were loyal persons and
their property was used for the same purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator give
wav to allow me to make a motion that at
five o'clock we take a recess until half past
seven o'clock ?
Mr. HOWE. We shall settle this m a
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the motion will be entertained.
