em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand that the
motion can bo interposed now. Let us dispose
of this bill first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
cannot be entertained at this time but by unani-
mous consent. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Fowler.]
Mr. HOWE. I hope that will not be agreed
to. I do not want the bill to go back to the
House.
. The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend by in-
serting the word "or" between the words
"contract" and "impressment," and after
the word "impressment" the words "lawfully
madeso as to read :
Were in the insurrectionary districts by proper
authority, namely, charter, contractor impressment,
lawfully made.
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word.
This amendment provides that if these con-
tracts or charters or impressments were law-
fully made the parties shall be entitled to pay;
but if this amendment is voted down I sup-
pose this construction will follow that although
boats were in the southern States unlawfully
by unlawful contract or unlawful charter, or
in any other way contrary to the laws of the
United States, still the party may be entitled
to pay.
Mr. HOWE. The words are precisely equiv-
alent to the "proper authority" which pre-
cedes that sentence. I think putting it in once
is enough. If I had time I should agree to
put it in twice.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—•
yeas 21, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling. Oorbett, Oragin, Edmunds, Penton, Fessenden,
Jlailan, Howard, Morrill, Patterson, Pomcroy, Koss,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, Williams, and
Wilson—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Brownlow,
Ciitteii. Davi% Drake. Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harris, Howe, Kellogg, McCreery, McDon-
ald, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Thayer, Warner, and
Willey—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Ferry, Grimes, Hamilton, Morton,
Norton, Nye, Pool, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Thai-man, Tipton, Vickers, and Yates—IS.
So the amendment was rejected.
. The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. FOWLER.. I now renew the amend-
ment I moved in committee, to strike out in
line thirteen the words "and were residents
of loyal States," on which I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. If I am to be put on record
I desire to say a word in "explanation. For
myself I believe that a loyal man, no matter
where lie lives, ouglit to be paid for his prop-
erty taken for public use. But there is another
bill already pending having special provisions
for the settlement of all such claims, covering
the very object proposed by the amendment of
the Senator from Tennessee: and I do not wish
to see this bill, which has been perfected by
the House, embarrassed by an amendment of
this character, which must necessarily lead to
a good deal of discussion. I m ike this state-
ment that I may be placed on the record right,
so that hereafter I may not be met by my vote
on this bill.
_ Mr. SAWYER. I make a similar statement
m regard to myself. I should like very well
to have these words stricken out; and it is
only in view of the fact that there is another
provision pending to accomplish the same ob-
ject, and that I desire to see this bill passed
as it is, and not go back to the other House,
that I shall vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say a word in relation
to my vote. There are claims from Louisville,
by owners of steamboats, that will be compen-
sated for if this bill passes. They are as hon-
est claims against the Government as were ever
made in the world, and they ought to be paid.
It maybe that some may put iu spurious claims
under this bill, but that is no reason why men
who have honest claims should not be paid
under it. I would rather a thief should get
what does not belong to him, from the Gov-
ernment, than that one honest man should fail
to get what does belong to him. I believe the
loyal people of the rebel States have a stronger
claim upon the Government for just compen-
sation for all their property that was taken
than those who lived in loyal States. But the
gentlemen have given sufficent reasons why
this bill should not be amended in that respect
at present. I shall vote against the amend-
ment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the Senator
from Tennessee will withdraw this amendment.
I have every assurance from the chairman of
the Committee on Claims that he will bring his
bill forward that will admit of payments to
lo3'al people who live in the South as well as
elsewhere. On thatdeclaration I withdrew my
objection to the bill and agreed to allow it to
pass, on the assurance of the chairman of the
Committee on Claims that he will bring for-
ward a bill to relieve the loyal people of the
South.
Mr. FOWLER. It seems to be the general
wish that my amendment should be withdrawn.
I am not satisfied, though, with the passage
of the bill in this form. I think both meas-
ures had better go together. Loyal persons
living in what are called the disloyal States as
well as those persons living in the loyal States
should be paid their just claims; and I do not
think that the latter class should be considered
so favorably to the prejudice of the former. I
shall vote against this bill. I withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. COLE. I am opposed to the bill itself
in any form that has been proposed. I believe
that under it spurious and ill-founded claims
will be presented for steamboats that were
taken during the war. I think there are some
such claims that have been before the Com-
mittee on Claims which will be successful if
this bill should pass, claims which I believe
ought not to be recognized. I am opposed to
the bill in any form in which it has been pro-
posed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire not to make
a speech, but to explain the reasons which will
govern my vote on this bill. It is impossible
to discuss any question which grows out of the
late war without meeting in the face this funda-
mental question, what was the legal character
and nature of that war ? If it was a mere insur-
rection of individuals, then we could pursue
them only in the forms of civil remedy; we
could arrest no man without affidavit; we could
search no .man's house without a warrant; we
could hangno man until he had been convicted ;
we could shoot no man except a deserter from
the Army. It, on the contrary, the state of
things was public war, then the Government
had belligerent rights toward that country and
toward all its people and toward all its property.
This question came before the several de-
partments of the Government in the early years
of the war, and by every department it was
determined to be a public war and the Govern-
ment was asserted to have the rights of a bel-
ligerent toward that people and all their pos-
sessions. This was clearly decided by the
Supreme Court in the prize case at theDecem-
ber term. 1802, if I remember aright. There
it was held that the war had assumed such
proportions as to make it a geographical and
territorial war, and that every man m the State
of Virginia, for instance, no matter whether
loyal or disloyal in sentiment, was a public
enemy of the United States. If that be the
sound theory of the subject, then every man,
woman, and child in that State and every piece
of property, real or personal, within it was at
the mercy of the Government in the exercise
of its war powers; and if we took horses and
mules, if we took corn and beans and pork,
if wo took anything which should supply our
wants or replenish our Treasury, we did what
we had !i right to do, airti doing it gives no
foundation for a claim against the Treasury.
Believing this to be the true theory of the
subject, and believing that the Government can
maintain itself before the people and the world
upon no other theory, I shall of course vote
against every proposition to pay any man for
anything taken by military orders in the re-
bellious districts. If this bill had been so
framed as to free it of all ambiguity it might
be supported on the theory I entertain; but
the friends of the bill have voted down every
amendment which would free it from ambiguity,
and I must certainly vote against the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I fully indorse the re-
marks of the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] and without intending to make
any extended remarks or prolong the time for
taking the vote, I wish to say that I do not
think we ought to pass a bill of this kind at
this time without more full investigation. I
believe that if this bill is passed it will pay for
steamboats that were taken in that country,
impressed into the service, or used in any way.
I cannot make a distinction between houses
and steamboats. I believe the whole question
which has been discussed very ably by many of
the Senators is involved in this case. I believe
we give up the principle when we pass this bill.
If we undertake to pay for steamboats that
were taken in the South as an incident of the
war, I do not see why we should not pay Sue
Murphey and all the rest. I cannot draw a
distinction, and I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. CATTELL. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from Nevada, if there is no differ-
ence whatever between a person residing in the
enemy country and one residing in a loyal
State? This bill applies only to the property
of persons living in loyal States.
Mr. STEWART. Not the slightest distinc-
tion in the world on the principle on which the
whole thing is predicated. Our right to make
war involved as one of its incidents the right
to destroy, take, and use property that was in
the enemy country. It was the situation of
the property, and not of the individual, that
created the necessity. It made no difference
to us whether individuals were loyal or disloyal
persons, their property was situated where it
was liable to the incidents of war. The idea
of attempting to settle such matters on equit-
able principles and pay everybody for what
was lost in this war is so impossible that it
cannot be considered for a moment. Can you
compensenate for the loss of life or property?
One of the incidents of war is the destruction oi
property in the enemy country, and it is a
misfortune of the people who have property
there; and so it is the misfortune of the sol-
diers that they are liable to be killed in the war.
We cannot make compensation in either case.
Mr. HOWARD. I entertained for awhile
the hope that the friends of this bill would
yield to certain amendments which were of-
fered in order to bring the principle of the
bill within the well-known rule to which the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] has
adverted ; but as they have declined to yield
I feel disposed to vote against the bill itself
on the merits as it now stands. To my mind
it is a very clear departure from the rule of
law that applied as between the two sections
of the country during the civil war, which has
been all along recognized and enforced by all
the authorities of this Government. This is
all I want to say on the subject. I shall vote
against the bill, and I hope it will be defeated.
Mr. HOWE. I trust the Senate will indulge
me three minutes. I want to say to my col-
league, iu the first place, that I think he mis-
quotes the principle of the prize cases. I want
to say to my colleague that the Supreme Court
of the United States never said in the prize
cases nor in any other case that every man,
woman, and child in Virginia was the enemy
of the United States; but the Supreme Court
said that the division between those who were
enemies and those who were friends was
