1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
bounded by the rebel lines, that those within
the rebel lines wereenemies; those outside were
enemies or friends depending upon which side
they took in the controversey. Those inside
the rebel lines were m enemy country, and were
enemies irrespective of the part they took in
the controversy.
So much as to the decision of the Supreme
Court. Now let me tell the Senate what this
bill is. The Senator from Nevada says it is a
misfortune to have had property in the rebel
districts. Why, Mr. President, it is a misfor-
tune, it is a crime on the part of the United
States. This provides for paying for property
which has been taken by the United States
from loyal portions of the Union into a district
where an insurrection had prevailed but where
an insurrection prevails no longer ; and having
taken it there for the purposes of the Govern-
ment, and having then destroyed the property
by the use made of it, and it is said we cannot
afford to pay for this property.
ilr. HOWARD. Let tne inquire of the
Senator from Wisconsin does the bill contem-
plate that all the cases coming within its pur-
view are such as he has now stated; that is to
say that the property has been taken from and
out of a loyal State by order of the Govern-
ment, transported into a rebel district, and
there destroyed by order of the Government ?
Mr. HOWE. In my judgment it provides
only for property of loyal persons residing in
the loyal States and taken from the loyal dis-
tricts into insurrectionary districts either by
contract or impressment of the Governmentor
under rules and regulations established by the
Treasury Department.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not so understand
the language.
Mr. HO WARD. I cannot so understand it.
If that be the meaning and intention of the
committee that reported the bill, why do they
not say so in terms, so that there shall be no
misapprehension ?
Mr. HOWE. I have already explained that
this bill came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the committee acquiesced in it
thinking that the purpose of the bill was free
from any necessity for mistake or misappre-
hension. The Senate has entertained the same
idea and has voted down these amendments,
and I know that amendments have been voted
for, because one Senator told me so, because
they were calculated to embarrass the passage
of the bill, and for no other reason.
Mr. SHERMAN". I move that the Senate
procced to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator would
withhold that motion a moment and let me
make a single remark to the honorable Sen-
ator from \\ isconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think my friend from
New York can make his remark afterward.
This matter will occasion further debate, and
I think we ought to have an executive ses-
sion.
Mr. CONKLING. The remark I desire to
make will take only one minute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Wis-
consin turns toward me and looks at me when
he speaks of those who vote for amendments
to embarrass the bill.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir: I did notlooktoward
the Senator; I did not refer to him.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I withdraw that
and call attention to this: the provision is that
payment shall be made for vessels which are
found in (he insurrectionary States under either
of the following circumstances : by "charter,''
by "contract,'' by^ "impressment," or "in
conformity with rules or regulations^ estab-
lished by the Secretary of the Treasury.'' How
any Senator can affirm that that restricts this
payment to vessels which have gone under con-
tracts made by the Government alone or by
the authority of the Government alone, I avow
my inability to see. On the contrary, clearly
to my mind, if the vessel went under a eon-
tract made with any person whatever compe-
tent to be a party to a contract that vessel
I would fall withinthepurviewofthis enactment,
j Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my motion.
: Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to my
| friend that it would be better to move that at
i five o'clock we take a recess until half past
! seven o'clock, and let us consider executive
j business this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can do that in exec-
utive session as well as in open session.
Mr. SUMNER. We do not need an exec-
utive session now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, we do.
Mr. SUMNER. We had better have it in
the evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are quite a num-
ber of reports that must be made, and they
ought to be made to-day so that a simple ob-
jection cannot defeat action on them. I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. DRAKE. Will not the Senator from
Ohio withdraw his motion for a moment to
allow me to make a motion for a recess until
half past seven o'clock?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if
that is in order.
Mr. DRAKE. I make the motion that the
Senate, at five o'clock, take a recess until half
past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I renew my motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
norman wiard.
Mr. ANTHONY. While the doors are being
closed. I desire one moment to correct a blun-
der made just now by my interfering with what
was none of my business. I compelled the
printing of some papers of Mr. Wiard. I do
not desire to have them printed. I should like
to have the order for withdrawal stand as it
was before and then have this order to print
passed, which I move at the request of the
chairman of the Committee 011 Naval Affairs :
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the
]N*a\ y, communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate, information in relation to eon-
tracts with Norman Wiard for the fabrication and
delivery of ordnance, be printed.
Let that pass, and let the other be as it was.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
The order was adopted.
rollin white,
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the petition of
Rollin White, reported a bill (S. No. 273) for
the relief of Rollin White; whieh was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to have
the bill considered now.
■ Mr. DRAKE. I object. Let us go on with
executive business.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. At five o'clock the doors
were reopened; and the Senate, in pursuance
of its order, took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
p. m.
rollin* white.
'clock
| Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the indulgence jj
! of the Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 273) ,]
| for the relief of Rollin White. It will lead, I :
! am sure, to no discussion. It has been reported
I from the Committee on Patents, and is simply
! a bill to authorize a rehearing of an appliea- •
1 tion for an extension of patent upon theground !
I that the proofs were defective at the hearing t
i without the fault of the petitioner. ,j
I The motion was agreed to : and the bill t^S. ;
| No. 273) for the relief of Rollin White was
j read a second time, and considered as in '
! Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the ;
I Commissioner of Patentsto rehear and determ- :
ine the applications of Rollin White for the
extensions of his letters-patent for improve-
ments in pistols, issued April 3,1865. upon the
evidence, inthesame mannerand wilh the same
effect as if they were original applications, made
within the time prescribed by law for the ex-
tensions before the Commissioner of Patents,
and as if no hearing had ever occurred ; but in
case the extensions shall be granted, no dam-
ages are to be recovered for infringements
thereof between the date of the expiration of
the original patents and the date of the exten-
sions.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
northern pacific railroad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
take up House joint resolution No. 48. It will
excite no discussion. It is to give a railroad
the right of building around the mountains.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 48)
granting the right of way for the construction
of a railroad from a point at or near Portland,
Oregon, to a point west of the Cascade mount-
ains, in Washington Territory. It authorizes
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to
extend its branch line from a point at or near
Portland, Oregon, to some suitable point on
Puget sound to be determined by the company,
and also to connect the same with its main line
west of the Cascade mountains, in the Terri-
tory of Washington ; the extension being sub-
ject to all the conditions and provisions, and
the company in respect thereto being entitled
to all the rights and privileges conferred by
the act incorporating the company, and all
acts additional 10 and amendatory thereof,-
but the company is not to be entitled to any
subsidy in money, bonds, or additional lands
of the United States in respect to the exten-
sion of its branch line except such lands as
may be included in the right of way 011 the line
of such extension as it may be located ; and at
least twenty-five miles of the extension are to
be constructed before the 2d of July, 1871, and
forty miles per year thereafter until the whole
of the extension shall be completed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
i'nion pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 6.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration ofthe jointresolution (II. R. No.
6) for the protection of the interests of ihe
United States in the Union Pacific Railway
Company, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] to
the amendment reported by the Committee 011
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to remark that since
this resolution was under consideration an
agreement has been come to by the Union Pa-
cific railroad and the Central Pacific railroad
as to their point of meeting. It seems that the
discussions in this body have suggested to those
parties the necessity of coming to an agreement
among themselves : and now I hold in my hand
what I wish to offer as a substitute for the first
and second sections of the amendment which
I offered before, which I presume will be satis-
factory to the Senate. 1 send it to the Chair
in order that it may be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the first and second sections of the amend-
ment reported by the committee, and to insert:
That the stockholders of the Union Pacific Kail-
way Company, at a meeting to be held.on the
day of April, 1869, at the city of Boston, (with power
to adjourn from day to day,) shall e.ect a hoard of
directors for the ensuing year; and said stockholders
aro hereby authorized to establ ish their general oHiea
at such place in the United States as they may select
at said meeting; Provided, That the p&ssag© of this
