THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
resolution shall not confer any other right upon said
Union Pacific Railway Company than to hold such
election, or be held in any manner to relinquish or
waive any rights of theUnited States to take advan-
tage of anyaet or neglect of said Union Pacific Rail-
way Company heretofore done or omitted whereby
the rights of the General Government havo been or
may be prejudiced: Provided, That the common
terminus of the Union Pacific and Central Pacific
railroads shall be at or near Ogden; and the Union
Pacific Railway Company shall build, and the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company shall pay for and
own the railroad from the terminus aforesaid to
Promontory summit, at which point the rails shall
meet and connect and form one continuous line.
Mr.'. HOWARD. Now, Mr. President, I
ask the consent of the Senate so far to modify
the, amendment which I presented in the form
of a substitute as to withdraw the first and sec-
ond sections of it, and substitute the clause
which has been read by the Clerk.
Mr. CONKLING. Leaving the third sec-
tion to stand?
Mr. HOWARD. Leaving the third section
stand as it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to my friend
that this is no doubt a very convenient arrange-
ment to the railroad companies, and I have no
objection to fixing the point of junction, but
that amendment omits a clause of the second
section which I think the public interest re-
quires, and that is the clause which requires
an examination of this road with a view to
estimate the amount of money required to com-
plete both branches of the road. If the Sen-
ator will allow that part of the second section
to remain I have no objection. So far as the
point of junction is concerned the public have
no interest, and if the railroad companies can
agree among themselves it makes no difference
to the people, but as to the examination of
the two roads with a view to ascertain how
much money is necessary to make both roads
complete first-class roads, I think that ought
to be retained.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no ohjection to that
if the Senator will be good enough to suggest
the alterations he proposes in the second sec-
tion. The second section would read thus:
That the President of the United States is author-
ized, if he deems it expedient, to appoint a board of
eminent citizens, &c.
Would that answer the purpose?
Mr. CONKLING. That is wholly unneces-
sary. _ That does not strengthen it at all if you
are going to have this section. Mr. President,
like the Senator from Ohio, it is very interest-
ing to me to hear what these companies have
agreed to among themselves ; but as I feel a
little interest aside from that, I ask to have this
proviso reported again. I want to see how it
is going to be as to other rights that the roads
do not agree to.
The Chief Clerk read the proviso, as follows:
Provided, That the common terminus of the Union
Paeifio and Central Pacific railroads sh&ll be at or
near Ogden: and the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall build, and the Central Pacific Railroad
Company shall pay for and own, the railroad from
the terminus aforesaid to Promontory summit, at
which point therailsshallmeetandconnectandform
one continuous line.
Mr. HOWARD. It is about forty miles, I
understand, between Ogden and Promontory
summit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire that the second
and third sections, as modified by ine the other
day, should be retained.
Mr. WILSON. Let them be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let them be readjust as
the Secretary has them there.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 2. And be ji further revived. That to ascertain
theeondition of tho Union Pacific railroad and the
Central Pacific railroad the President of the United
Statesis authorized to appomtaboardof eminenteiti-
zens not exceediDgfiv&innumber.andwho shall not
be interested in either road, to examine and report
upon the condition ot, and what sum or sums if anv
will be required to complete each of saidroads to the
point of junction as a first-class railroad, incompli-
ance with the several acts relating to said roads- and
the expense of such board, including an allowance
of ten dollars to each, for their services, for each day
employed in such examination or report, to be paid
equally by said companies.
. Sec. 3. A iiil br, Ujv,rlh>'.rrr.Holv<:dt That Hie President
lS'hereby authorized and required to withhold from
each or said companies an ainount of subsidy bonds
Authorized to be issued by ifhe United States under
said acts sufficient to secure the full completion as a
first-class roadof all sectionsof such road uponwhich
bonds have already been issued,_ or in lieu of such
bonds be may receive as such security an equal amount
of the first mortgage bonds of such oompany; and if
it shall appear to the President that the amount of
subsidy bonds yet to be issued to either of said com-
panies is insufficient to insure the full completion
of such road, he may make requisition upon such
company for a sufficient amount of bonds already
issued to such company, or in his discretion of their
first mortgage bonds to secure the full completion
of the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that with
these amendments I think this will be a very
excellent resolution. It will protect the inter-
ests of the Government, and at the same time
settle the controversy between these two rail-
road companies, who are almost devouring each
other, and will enable the Union Pacific rail-
road to hold an election relieved of any injunc-
tion by State courts. 1 have no objection to a
resolution protecting'the interests of the com-
pany, if at the same time the interests of the
Government are secured.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this is a great
project and a great work. The Government
has a large interest in it, and the people have
a much larger interest in it than the Govern-
ment. The honorable Senators from Michigan
and Ohio I think will be looked to by the
country to protect both the interests of the
Government and of the people in this great
work; and they will be looked to with the
more jealousy because neither House has per-
mitted a Democrat to go upon the committee
that has charge of the Pacific railroad projects.
The majority in the two Houses have claimed
the exclusive supervision and control of these
works, so far as the Congress of the United
States is involved. I do not know whether
this was the result of accident or design; but
it is certainly a singular state of case. The
minority in the Senate is small ; in the House
it is respectable—something like one third of
the members of the House. The minority in
the Senate is respectable in character, but not
in numbers. [Laughter.] It is certainly a
very strange condition of things that has not
germitted the Democratic members of either
touse to be represented upon the committees
that have charge; of these great railroad pro-
jects to the Pacific ocean. I make this state-
ment in the way of complaint; and I do it
with the less diffidence because I am not a
Democrat. I make the complaint on behalf
of the representatives of that great party in the
two Houses of Congress, and on behalf of the
interests of the Government and the people of
the United States, whose interests cannot be
too vigilantly guarded in the two Houses of
Congress, as the facts disclosed in the discus-
sion a few days ago amply demonstrated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the complaint of
the Senator from Kentucky is well founded,
and I hope at the next session of Congress that
complaint will be corrected. I believe that in
the original formation of this committee there
was a Democrat placed upon it. I am quite
sure of that. No doubt this omission in the
Senate has been caused by the fact that there
have been comparatively few Democrats in
this body, especially from that section of the
country represented on this committee. But
I think the complaint ought to be corrected at
the next session of Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe there has always
been one Democrat, at least, in the House on
the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not know that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say, if the Sen-
ator from Ohio will allow me, that I had some-
thing to do with the formation of the commit-
tees of the Senate, and the Democrats were so
scarce in this body that it was exceedingly dif-
ficult to arrange them so as to put them on all
the important committees. There was an
effort made to provide them all with as many
committees as the other members had, but
they could not be spread sufficiently to include
all the committees. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me a single remark?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather go on.
Mr. DAVIS. But one word. The honor-
able Senator from Oregon says that the Demo-
crats are scarce in this body. I have no doubt
he thinks the Democrats are scarce in any
body of which he is a msaiber, at least in
point of ability.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Oh, no, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the
floor ; and I desire to get through with what I
have to say. I think the Senator from Ken-
tucky will make one admission. He is a frank
man, and he will admit that in the distribu-
tion of the Democratic members among the
several committees of this body great fairness
has been shown to them. They have been
fairly placed and given their full share of com-
mittee work.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make one remark in
reply. It would have been much more accept-
able to the Democrats of this body, I under-
stand by conversing with them, and much
more in consonance with the practice of the
Senate in its former and better days, to have
permitted the Democrats to arrange their own
members on the different committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have two or three times
been upon a committee to organize the com-
mittees of the Senate; and my impression is—
and I now state it as a fact—that the Demo-
cratic members of this body are on more com-
mittees, I think, in proportion, than the Re-
publican members, and they are on nearly all
the important committees, and now, I think,
are on all the important committees. In the
last Congress there was none on the Commit-
tee on Finance, and I regretted that very much,
and I am very glad that that defect has been
supplied at the present session.
Mr. DAVIS. I make no complaint, if the
honorable Senator pleases, on my own account.
I would rather be upon no committee myself,
for then I should have full command of my
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. But there was another
remark of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. ANTHONY, (Mr. Pomeroy in the
chair.) I hope the Senator from Ohio will
allow me to interpose a remark hero which I
have desired to make for some time when this
question has been raised ; and that is about
the apportionment of the committees between
the different parties in the Senate. It is true
that it was formerly the custom for the ma-
jority in the Senate to arrange its own mem-
bers upon the committees, leaving the vacancies
for the minority to fill themselves. That cus-
tom was maintained until the accession of Mr.
Lincoln, and it was then departed from for
this reason 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at the first session,
I think.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, the called session,
unless my recollection is at fault. It was for
this reason, which 1 know the Senator from
Kentucky will fully agree to. At that time, at
the called session in 1861, when the rebellion
had broken out, when the predecessor of the
Senator from Kentucky occupied unworthily
the seat which he now fills so well, the Repub-
lican caucus that arranged the committees
knew that if the vacancies to be filled by the
Democrats were left to that party they would
place the predecessor of the Senator from Ken-
tucky upon the Committee on Military Affairs,
and it was deemed unsafe for the public inter-
ests that he should be intrusted with the mili-
tary secrets of the Government. That was the
reason why the practice that had up to that
time prevailed was departed from. I think
the reason was one which will commend itself
to the judgment of my friend from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. But that reason has long since
departed.
Mr. ANTHONY. J quite agree to that;
but the number of Democrats in this body is
unfortunately so small—and I say '' unfortu-
nately" because, although I would not like to
have the place of arty one of our friends filled
