8|4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
-The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, as a-n^ended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is On concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I have
been reading the third section of this bill,
and I desire ro address some inquiry, either
to the distinguished chairman of the Commit-
- tee on the Pacific Railroad or any of the Sen-
ators who have spoken on the measure, to
ascertain whether this section should pass in
its present shape. The real question, I need
hardly state, is how best to secure the com-
pletion of this great transcontinental railroad.
That was the object for which the. Government
bestowed upon these companies moneys and
lands with a munificence unknown in history ;
and we shall hardly be justified, certainly I as
one of. the Senators from the Pacific coast
should not deem myself justified, if this session
should expire without some effort made tend-
ing directly to accomplish that object. I ob-
serve that this section in the last sentence con-
templates the possibility, perhaps the prob-
ability, that there may be some failure on the
part of the President to obtain security for
the completion of either or both of the roads
by any of the means designated. Gentlemen
will perceive that sentence reads in this way:
And if it shall appear to the President that the
amount of subsidy bonds yet to be issued to either
of said companies is insufficient to insure the full
completion! of suck road, he may make requisition
udoq suoh company for a'sufficient amount of bonds
already issued tp such company, or in his diserctitfn
of their first mortgage* bonds, to secure the fail com-
pleiicm-of the same.
The object being, of course, the obtaining by
the- President for the country ample security
that these roads, each of them, sh'all be com-
pleted as first-class roads according to the con-
tract, the question I desire to ask is, what is
to be done in ease the President should be un-
able or unwilling to obtain by the voluutary
• action of these companies the security pointed
out? If one or both the?e companies should
not be able to furnish a sufficient amount either
of the subsidy bonds already issued or first
mortgage bonds, what, then ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator wish a
reply now?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. That question waa exam-
ined by the Pacific Railroad Committee. In
the first place, the contingency is not likely to
arise, because either company has sufficient
bonds yet coming to it or still in the possession
of the Government to make the security prob-
ably amply sufficient. For instance, the Union
Pacific Railroad Company have already de-
posited, perhaps without any authority of law,
$3,000,000 of their first mortgage bonds with
the United States to secure the partial com-
pletion of their road. This has been done not
in strict pursuance of law, because there is
no law probably that could have required or
authorized the officers of the Government to
receive them; but still, as we know from the
official report, that amount of bonds has been
deposited already with the Government. Then
there is stall a large amount, perhaps as much
more, in subsidy bonds, payable to this com-
pany when it shall have completed its line to
the point agreed upon. So that in all prob-
ability the case put by the Senator from Cali-
fornia is not likely to arise, and if it does arise
the law is ample now.
Here the authority is given to the President
to make a requisition for the amount neoes-
sary. The act of 1864 authorized the Presi-
dent, where the companies fail to comply with
the requisitions of the law in any particular,
to appoint a receiver in certain cases, and in
other cases to institute legal proceedings.
Perhaps this particular case was not contem-
plated iu the act of 1864; but it was thought f
best to postpene any further remedy in case
tjiey should fail to^eomply with these requisi-
tions-until the next session of Congress. It
is hardly fair to presume that they will not
comply with the requisitions. If they do not
comply I think the law already is sufficient
to authorize the Attorney General to institute
proceedings to take possession of the i ad for
a failure to comply with the law; but if that
authority is not full and ample we can provide
it at the next session of Congress. In the
mean time all money due to them will be with-
held from this time forth. From the passage
of this act they can receive no more money
from the Government of the United States, no
more bonds. They cannot draw back the
bonds that are already deposited with the
Government until the road is a completed
road within the language of the law.
That is the only answer I am able to give to
the Senator, but it has been considered, and it
was thought not advisable to contemplate com-
pulsory or penal proceedings, based upon their
refusal to comply with the requisition made.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Ohio one difficulty. I understand
him to say that the Union Pacific Company
has deposited $3,000,000. There will be about
three million dollars coming to them for work
remaining to be done up to the settled point
of junction, making $6,000,000 in all. Now,
if I remember rightly, the report of the board
of commissioners, of which the late General
Barnes was one, stated that the amount neces-
sary to bring that road up to the standard of a
first-class road was over six million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. But we have also official
information that much of the work that was
then incompleted has since been completed
by the company, and a very large amount of
material is on hand which was not included in
their estimate, so that I have no doubt the
$6,000,000 provided for will be amply sufficient
to complete the road. According to the offi-
cial reports we have before us $6,000,000 was
the estimated amount necessary to complete
the road up to the then point of construction;
and this did not include a very large amount
of material then on hand for the completion
of the road. I believe it is stated now that
about two millions of the work included in the
$6,000,000 has since been done by the Union
Pacific Company, so that on the whole I think
the security provided for is ample; at any rate
it is all we can get, and I think it will be suffi-
cient.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senate will see that,
after all, that matter remains in a good deal of
uncertainty; and I think, perhaps, the Senator
from Ohio himself will not consider it a very
valuable circumstance that there is a possibility
of doing something at the next session of Con-
gress, It is expected, with good reason, that
these roads will be finished as a completed
route long before that period ; that is to say
they will be finished sufficiently to permit the
regular opening of them for geueral traffic.
Probably whatever loss shall be incurred will
have been incurred before that time. Un-
doubtedly it will be conceded by the Senator
from Ohio and by every other Senator on this
floor that we ought not to defer to so long a
period as next December the legislating into
existence such means as may be required to
enable the President to secure and to enforce
against these companies the completion of
their respective roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the leave of my
friend from California, and on the suggestion
of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Hablan,] I
will state further that the whole grant of pub-
lic lands to both these roads up to this time
is withheld, partly because the land has never
been surveyed along the line of the road.
No patents have issued for any portion of
that large land grant; so that we have, in ad-
dition to the bonds now deposited and bonds
to be issued hereafter or withheld, all the pub-
lic lands granted. I do not know how valua-
ble they are ; but they will be a very large and
valuable security altogether.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, and I
believe it ijj, I move to amend section two of
the amendment adopted in Committee of the
Whole by striking out the words:
To ascertain the condition of the Union Pacifie
railroad and the Central Pacific railroad the Presi-
dent of the United States is authorized to appoint a
board of eminent citizens, not exceeding iive in
number, and who shall not be interested in either
road.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That Generals George II. Thomas, Irvin McDowel I
Henry W. Halleck, E R. S. Canby, and Thomas J.
Cram be. and they are hereby, constituted a board
of commissioners with authority.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to address
an inquiry to the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan. He proposes to designate by law the
persons who are to constitute this commission.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. WII^LIAMS. Suppose it should so hap-
pen that part of them should be uablc to attend
to this business or should refuse to attend to
it, or should die before they can attend to the
duties devolved on them, can a portion of the
commissioners perform the duties uuder this
law ?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose that the com-
mon law in such case would apply, that a
majority could transact the business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand that
to be the common law, nor to be the rule,
unless it is so provided. I fear that some
trouble may grow out of such an arrangement
as this. I have no objection to it if it is prac-
ticable.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I will add this further
amendment: '' and in case of a vacancy in said
board the President may fill the same."
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state that in my
judgment this would be a very foolish amend-
ment. I am sorry to differ in this particular
with my distinguished friend from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the language the
Senator used ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say this is not a wise
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. "Foolish," I understood
the Senator to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say itis a foolish amend-
ment, and I will justify that remark. The Sen-
ator undertakes to designate who shall con-
stitute this commission. He commences by
designating General Thomas as one. We know
that General Thomas is now here on a court
of inquiry. Will you dissolve that court of
inquiry and send him out on the line of this
road? We know that on the conclusion of the
court he is under orders to go to California and
assume the command of a great military divis-
ion. Would you suspend that order and inter-
fere with all the military operations of the Gov-
ernment? Then there is General Halleck.
He is ordered to come from the Pacific to take
charge of one of. the southern departments;
and we have just intrusted him by a law passed
to-day with most important and responsible
powers under the reconstruction acts. What
will you do in such a case as that ? Have some
other officer ordered there ? Take the ease of
General Canby, who is also placed in charge
of one of the military divisions of the South.
You interfere with the whole military oper-
ations of the Government, and what security
have you by it ? Can you not trust the Presi-
dent of the United States to select five eminent
men to inform him and make an estimate for
him upon which he is to act officially ? That
is a very remarkable proposition ; you select
a commission, and name them yourselves, to
enlighten his conscience upon a matter of fact
and figures as to what amount of money is
necessary to complete this road. You allow
him to designate the officers for all the great
departments of the Government, and yet you
will not allow him to appoint a commission of
five eminent men to ascertain a mere question
of fact.
_ It seems to me that it is not a wise proposi-
tion. It withdraws the men who are named
from their appropriate important official func-
tions, and it therefore interferes with the oper-
ations of the Government. Now, I ask who
