THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 9,
Mr. THAYER. I insist on the correctness
of my statement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator fr'om Michigan [Mr. Howaks] to the
amendment adopted as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected, there being on a division—ayes 17,
noes 22. -
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to strike out the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.] I wish to say one word ;
I do not wish to protract the discussion. As-
suming all that is said about the alleged-frauds
of these* two companies, does it follow that
proceedings should be commenced now to arrest
their construction ? Suppose the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States should commence
proceedings Upon the ground that these roads
had forfeited their charter,would not that tend
(if it did not have the effect) to pat an end to
the construction of these roads at this time
while they are in an imperfect state ? Would
not such proceedings completely discredit the
companies ? Could they negotiate their bonds;
could they raise necessary means? Would
it not produce a state of alarm and distress
among all those who are connected with these
roads that would probably defeat at this time
their construction? Now, what I desire is to
have these roads completed as soon as practica-
ble, to have a continuous line of road across
the continent, a good road ; and when that is
accomplished then commence your proceed-
ings ; then let your Attorney General institute
his law suits; then let the investigation go on;
but at this time let no obstacle be put in the
way of the speedy and perfect construction of
these roads. That is the point I make.
I will go as far as the Senator from Kentucky
or any other member of this body to have the
proceedings of these companies probed to the
bottom whenever the time comes that I can go
across this continent upon a railroad, and not
be compelled to go seven thousand miles
around by sea when I desire to return to the
Pacific coast. All I ask is that nothing be
done here at this time to embarrass or impede
the construction of these roads, and when they
are completed I will join the Senator in having
this investigation.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not know that I should
have offered such an amendment as that which
the honorable Senator from Kentucky has
offered, but when it is offered "in the Senate
and sustained by such statements as have been
made on the floor of the Senate, I cannot, with
my sense of propriety and honesty and obliga-
tion, refuse to adopt it. I perfectly agree with
the honorable Senator from Michigan in his
remark that it is only those who are conscious
of wrong that shrink from investigation; and
as this investigation can be conducted without
at all interfering with the progress or comple-
tion of these roads, I feel that it is due to the
reputation of this couatry'that it should go
forward. I do not see how any detriment
is to come to either of these roads froin an
investigation of its proceedings; and I am so
strongly convinced that there have been in
their proceedings those things which ought to
be investigated by the nation that has helped
them to the means to construct this road that
1 have no hesitation in voting for this amend-
ment, and in expressing the opinion that the
country will regard it as an act of covering up
oil the part of the Senate if they refuse to
authorize this investigation in the manner and
to the extent to which the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky calls for it. I shall
therefore vote against the motion to strike out
the section which embodies the amendment of
that Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon moves to amend the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole by
striking out the section which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And be it further resolved, That the Attorney Gen-
eral o'l the United States Vie, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to investigate whether or
not the eharter and all the franchisee of theJunion
Pacific Railroad Company and of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company have not been forfeited, and to
institute all necessary and proper legal proceedings;
also to investigate whether or not said companies
have or have not made aDy illegal dividends upon
their stock, and if so, to institute the necessary pro-
ceedings to have the same reimbursed ; and also to
investigate whether any of the directors or any other
agents or employes of said companies have or nave
not violated any penal law, and if so, to institute the
proper criminal proceedings against all persons who
have violated such law.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out the
preamble, which is no longer of any service
at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not ill order at this time. The question'is upon
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. Having in view the secur-
ing of the completion of this road, I wish to
offer an amendment to come in at the end of
the third section, which section, Senators will
remember, provides for certain proceedings by
the President for the obtaining of security for
the completion of the road. My amendment
is to add the following :
And in default of obtaining such security as is in
this section provided, the President may authorize
and direct the Attorney General to institute such
suits and proceedings on behalf and in the name of
the United States, ia any court of the United States
having jurisdiction, as shall be necessary or proper
to compel the giving of such security, and thereby,
or in any manner otherwise, to protect the interests
of the United States in said road, and to secure the
full completion thereof as a first-class road, as re-
quired by law and the statutes in that case made.
The Senator from Ohio stated that there
were provisions of law calculated to enable the
Attorney General to protect in the courts the
interest of this country in the road; but this
amendment of mine is directed to the specific
point of compelling the giving of security by
these companies, or the obtaining of it by the
decree of a competent court with a view to
secure the completion of the road. In other
words, as my friend on my left [Mr. Thur-
i!Ax] suggests, it gives practical effect to the
provisions of the third section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 19.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. HOWARD called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say,-in reference
to that amendment, that it will turn out to be
utterly ineffectual if we adopt it, as I consider.
In order to obtain the security, in case it shall
he refused by the companies, this amendment
directs suit to be commenced against the com-
panies for the purpose of obtaining the secur-
ities. In what court? In what form of pro-
ceeding? How can it be procured ? I confess
I am at a loss to understand. By a bill m
chancery? Suppose, after you had obtained
a decree directing the company to file its se-
curity, the company should refuse to obey the
order of the court of chancery, what then?
Nothing, except fofine the company or to pun-
ish its officers for contempt: and if it should
turn ont that the company was actually unable,
in point of fact, to furnish the security, that
would be the end of the proceeding entirely.
It seems to me that the amendment is really
without any value, and without any efficacy.
I hope, therefore, it will be rejected.
Mr. DRAKE. The remarks of the honor-
able Senator go to the destruction of the whole
section, because if the securities which the
President requires the company to furnish can-
not be obtained by a suit at law, how can they
be obtained without any authority for any
compulsory proceeding? If it be true that
we are enacting by this third section a mere
brutum fulmen, we had better strike out the
section altogether. But, sir, if we mean that
it shall be effectual, we should give some sanc-
tion, weshoald provide some means of obtain-
ing that which the President requires. We
should provide some jurisdiction in some tri-
bunal which can exert power to compel the
companies to do that which the President
demands of them under the authority of this
third section. If it be true that there is no
mode of legal proceeding by which that result
can be obtained, then, without this addition,
how utterly weak and impotent is the section
as it stands, for the President to make a
demand on the companies, and to have them
defy him without any possibility of the Presi-
dent enforcing the order or requisition which
he makes under the authority of law ! Sir, if
we are going to give him the power to make
a requisition, we must give to the courts the
power to enforce it. Do not let us be engaged
in this child's play of-requiring him to make
a requisition, and giving him no means whereby
he can enforce it when it is made.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it seems
to me that the difficulty suggested by the chair-
man of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
is not well founded. What is the state of facts
that will arise upon a failure of the President
to obtain from these companies, either by
reason of their unwillingness or their inability,
the security called for by this third section?
The state of facts that will present itself may
be briefly summed up. The Government has
made a contract by statute with these com-
panies for the building of these roads. It has
agreed to give, and it has given, immense aids
in money and inlands with a view to their con-
struction. They were to be constructed and
completed in a prescribed manner. They were
to receive the proportionate amounts of the
aid mentioned as the work progressed and as
it progressed in manner and form as provided
by law.
The allegation here made, and made until
we have grown weary of listening to it, as to
one of these companies, is that it has not done
the work according to law; and the allegation
made as to another of the companies is that,
without having done the work as the law re^
quires, it has obtained a very large amount of
bonds to which it was not entitled by law.
These are the allegations. I do not say whether
they are well or ill-founded. They have been
made in the course of this debate by honorable
Senators on this floor on their responsibility as
Senators. We are bound to heed them.
Can it be said that equity, which it has been
declared has an arm long enough and strong
enough to reach every kind of wrong, has a
jurisdiction so flexible and elastic, almost like
the all-embracing air, as to comprehend and
lay hold of everything in the way of wrong,
right, or remedy—will it be said that courts of
equity will fail to afford adequate relief in such
a case as that? Why, sir, I can imagine two
or three forms of remedy which equity would
afford. It might grant a receiver to take this
whole property into his possession and to run
it until these companies supplied the security
that was necessary. It might decree a security
on the whole body of each road in the nature
of an equitable lien for the performance of this
agreement. Other remedies will suggest them-
selves to gentlemen learned in the law.
I prefer, though there be a doubt as to the
form of the remedy, or whether there is a
remedy, that, we should not go home to our con-
stituents unless we are able to say, " We have
done what we could for you ; we have provided
that these roads shall be completed according
to law as first-class roads; we have enabled
the Chief Magistrate of the country to demand
security from these companies that the roads-
shall be so completed, and in default of hi®
obtaining that security from them we have
enabled him to go into court in the name of
the United States, through his Attorney Gen-
eral, to compel it." We have done all we could
when we have done that. If the courts fall
short of being able to afford the remedy de-
sired, that will be a very great misfortune : but
it will not be a misfortune for which we shall
be responsible; and, as was extremely well
said by the Senator from Missouri who has just
spoken, if the whole section ia not a mere bru-
