1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
iumfulmen, a mere form of sound and words
signifying nothing, if it has any reality or gen-
uineness in it. why should there be any hesita-
tion to give a remedy by the courts to enforce
il if required by tlie Chief Magistrate?
Mr. HOWARD. I can perceive but one
mode of remedy in the ease of a refusal to
comply with the requisition of this section, and
that I presume would be an information in the
nature of a quo warranto for the purpose of
forfeiting the charter of the company, because
I look upon this resolution as part of the char-
ter, the Government retaining the right by
express terms to alter, amend, or repeal it. It
would be, perhaps, a cause of forfeiture of the
charter ; while the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from California would seem to.
contemplate something else, something very
different from that. 1 prefer to keep myself
within the limit of the charter.
Mr. THURMAN. I am inclined to think
that if this amendment should be adopted, and
the company should fail to respond to the
requisition of the President as provided in this
third section, a writ of mandamus to compel
the performance of the duty would lie. That
is a remedy appropriate to compel the per-
formance of a prescribed duty where no specific
legal remedy exists. I know of no specific
legal remedy to compel the performance of this
duty, and therefore it does seem to me, with-
out having given the subject much reflection,
that if the amendment offered by the Senator
from California be adopted, and the company
should come into default, amandamus to com-
pel it to perform that duty which Congress has
imposed upon it by the third section would be
a proper remedy, and certainly much more
speedy than a bill in chancery or a quo warranto.
The question being taken by j'eas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 17; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Borcmaii, Carpenter.Casserly, Cor-
bett, Davis, Drake, Eenton, Gilbert. Hamlin, Harlan,
Hams, Howe, MeCreery, Norton, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey. Sehurz, Scott, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
and Warnei—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cragm, Howard, McDonald, Morrill, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Rice, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Williams, and AVilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Brownlow,
Cameron, Catrell, Cole. Conkling, Edmunds. Ferry,
Fessenden, Fowler, Grimes, Hamilton, Kellogg,
Morton, Robertson, Ross, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sher-
man. Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Vickers, Willey,
and Yates—2S.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee ofthe Whole asamended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curvtd in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the preamble.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the preamble
be stricken out. It is no longer of any service.
The motion was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
The resolution was read the third time, and
passed. On motion of Mr. Howard, its title
was amended so as to read: "A joint resolu-
tion for the protection of the interests of the
United States in the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and the Central Pacific railroad, and
for other purposes."
MlSSSACiK FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
thai the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 405)
authorising the submission ofthe constitutions
of Virginia, Mississippi, and Texas to a vote
of the people, and authorizing the election of
State officers, provided by the said constitu-
tions, and members of Congress.
The message further announced that the
Hou«e had passed the joint resolution (S. II.
No. >5^ for the protection of soldiers and their
heirs, with amendments ; in which it requested
tiie concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 124) to declare and fix
the status of judge advocates of the Army.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; and they
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore •
A bill (H. R. No. 123) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1870 ;
A bill ( H. R. No. 354) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tion for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1869, and additional
appropriations for the year ending June 30,
1870, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) enabling
bona fide settlers to purchase certain lands
from the Great and Little Osage Indians ; and
- A joint resolution (II. R. No. 48) granting
the right of way for the construction of a rail-
road from a point at or near Portland, Oregon,
to a point west of the Cascade mountains, in
Washington Territory.
EL PASO PACTFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 40, granting the right of
way to the Memphis, El Paso, and Pacific Rail-
road Company from El Paso to the Pacific
ocean.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator to give
way and allow me to take up a resolution on
the table with a view to its reference.
Mr. MORTON. I will yield as soon as this
is taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will not
take up that measure. It is entirely too late
in the day to consider it now. I have some-
thing to say upon it, I wish to notify the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, if it is taken up.
I have a great deal to say upon it.
Mr. MORTON. I must ask the Senate to
take this resolution up. It is a very important
measure. It has been baffled a great many
times.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it passed the
House ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I propose to
take it up and then to substitute for it the re-
port made by the Committee on Public Lands,
which I think will obviate all opposition to it,
and there will be no trouble about it- It will
take but a few minutes.
Mr. DRAKE. I am perfectly satisfied that
this resolution, whenever it is taken up in the
Senate, will lead to an extended debate, and I
do not think that it is expedient at this late
hour ofthe last full day of this session to enter
upon the consideration of a measure which will
thrust everything else aside, and at last reach
no result before the hour of adjournment to-
morrow.
Mr. MORTON. I think the apprehension
of the Senator is not well founded. I ask for
the yeas and naj'S on my motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You had better try a
division first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think a bill
ought to be defeated by a threat to debate it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Gentlemen can under-
stand better the extent of discussion to which
this measure will lead when I state that it gave
us more trouble in the Committee on Public
Lauds than any other bill which we had before
us except one. Wo had several sessions on it
without coming to any agreement ; but finally
it passed with important amendments in that
committee by a very close^ vote. ^ It is quite
certain, as the Senator Irom Missouri has
stated, that it will lead to a very extended dis-
cussion.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no doubt- of that.
Mr. MORTON. The fact that this joint res-
olution has not been taken up before has not
been . my fault. It is an important measure.
It asks nothing of the Government but the right
of way across a wilderness land, and a substi-
tute has been reported by the Committee on
Public Lands which, I think, will obviate
nearly all the trouble.
Mr. ABBOTT. I am opposed at this late
hour of the session to taking up this special
legislation. It ought not to be considered, in
my, opinion, at any time ; but if it is taken up
I know there are a great many gentlemen
here who desire to be heard upon it, and we
shall do nothing else from now until the hour
of adjournment.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it will be a most
interesting spectacle to hear what can be said
against this measure. I want to hear any-
thing that can be said against it.
Mr. ABBOTT. The Senator will find that a
great many things can be said against it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have considered this
measure for about four days in committee,
and with the amendments that have been re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands, I
do not believe any reasonable objection can
be made to it.
Mr. DRAKE. The Senator has not heard
what can be said against it.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose not; but I
want to hear what can be.
Mr. MORTON. I think the principal objec-
tion to this joint resolution is that it asks
neither money nor lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the joint resolution mentioned by the Senator
from Indiana, and on this question the yeas
and nays are requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, we have
just had an extended discussion upon the sub-
ject of certain railroads to which large grants
have been made. Here is a proposition to
allow certain parties who propose to build a
railroad without asking any ai,d from the Gov-
ernment at all to do so. They simply ask
the right of way. The joint resolution has
passed the House, and has been considered by
the Committee on Public Lands of the Senate,
and been there amended so as to obviate many
of the objeetions against it. It is alleged against
this company that it has no character, no bot-
tom. We have amended the resolution so as
to test that matter. It would seem a little
. strange, after the consideration given to other
railroad projects which have cost the country
! so heavily, if we should now refuse to consider
a resolution granting merely the right of way
I for a railroad that parties propose to build
; without any Government aid whatever. It is
i said they are unable to do it. We have so
amended the resolution as to test their capacity
for doing it.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to ask the Senator
from Alabama if he supposes that any man
Of sense believes that any party or any corpo-
ration is going to build a railroad across nine
hundred miles of arid desert without any sub-
sidy? I ask the gentleman, moreover, if he
does not understand, if he is a party to this
proposition, that these same men are coming
here at the next session to ask a subsidy based
on the ground that they have already got the
right of way ?
Mr. WA RNER. I know this much in regard
to it, that we have so amended this joint reso-
lution as to require them to build a certain
amount of road each year. If they cannutdo
that, they forfeit the right of way granted by
this resolution. I do not want togo home and
have it said that we have refused to allow par-
ties to build a railroad tor which they afked
no Government aid. I am willing that tuey
should make the trial. My own belter is that
the route of this road is the true route for tue
great railroads of the future. It is upon the
best route geographically audm a climatic point
of view. If these men aro not able to build
the road" time will soon test that fact. We have
