6^8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
provided ia theamendments of the committee
that tbey-shall build a certain amount each
year or forfeit their right of way, and time will
test that matter.
Mr. HOWARD.. I know it ia improper upon
such a motion as this to go into the merits of
the measure; but I beg to say just here, in
limine, that I do not understand that there is in
existence any such railroad corporation as the
Mem,phis and El Paso Railroad Company. I
understand that that charter is defunct, and
has no rights iu law. at this time. Another
thing is entirely Uear: thatallthe lands which
were once donated by the State of Texas for
the building of this road have been reclaimed
and reannexed to the domain of the State; so
that it has "not now, in point of law, a single acre
of land upon which to base its credit'in build-
ing the road. I think that these two points,
which I shall endeavor to make out in case
this bill -is called up—and it will take me con-
siderable time if I do make them out—will
be entirely satisfactory to the Senate as to the
impropriety of proceeding with the consider-
ation oii such a proposition at this time.
Mr. MORTON. it might just as well besaid
that there is no charter for the Union Pacific
road. I have the statutes on my table as plain
and direct as any that can be shown for the
Central Pacific or the Union Pacific. I have
heard this assertion naade before, bat there is
no foundation for it. The Senator has been
misinformed, and I can convince him in five
minutes that he has been.
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I had not taken my seat.
Mr. MORTON. I thought you had.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to say another word. I, too, have seen the
statutes to which he probably refers, and exam-
ined them carefully, and I have examined doc-
uments which I presume he has not seen, and
which it will take me considerable time to read
in the course of the discussion that may arise.
It will certainly lead to a protracted discussion.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote with great
pleasure to take* up this joint resolution, and
for two reasons: first, it does not involve any
gubsidy; and second, it does involve a debate.
I do not know a better time, have never seen
a better time that I can remember, for a debate
ihan this time is. We are compelled to wait
here for a while to receive the reports of two
conference committees. There is danger of a
good deal of legislation here if we are to take
up bills which are not to be debated, which to-
morrow morning or some other morning we
should regret, .Now, here is a measure which
is to be debated, and inasmuch as we have
nothing to do except to avoid haste, I think it
would be a very excellent plan to take this up,
and let the question of the existence or non-
existence of this charter—which must some time
or other be settled, and in regard to which these
two Senators declare they have on their tables
bow, under their hands ready, the evidence to
dispose of—be determined here. I can never
vote, for one, more iutelligentiy upon it than I
shall be able to vote after hearing these two
Senators to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President——
The PRES 1D ENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
Mr. W1LLBY. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the honorable Senator from Indiana.
■ The PRESIDENTprotempore. The motion
is not debatable, if the Senator from Ohio
persists ia the motion. The (juestisn is the
motion to proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
The question being put, the motion was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I call for a division.
ThePRESIDENTprotempore, (nothearing
the call for division.) The tSergeant-at-Arms
will clear the gailerie* and close the doors.
Mr. RAMSEY. While the doors are being
closed I hope the Senate will indulge me ia
passing the post route bill. It need not be
read. There is no legislation in it. It ean be
disposed of in three minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota asks the Senate by unan-
imous consent to proceed to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 403) to establish certain
post roads.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. There are some amend-
ments reported to the bill. I hope the vote
will be taken in gross upon them. [Laughter.]
There is no legislation in it at all, I assure the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Beiyg
objected to, it cannot be considered now.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no objection now;
it is withdrawn.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to take up a bill
now lying on the table, with a view of referring
it to a committee.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is a House bill. I
move that the vote be taken on the amendments
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads in gross.
Mr. MORTON. I believe my motion is still
pending to take up another measure.
The PRESIDBNTf ro tempore. The Senate
has decided to go into executive session, and
no legislative business is in order except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. I believe I have unanimous
consent for the consideration of the post route
bill.
Mr. DRAKE. I object.
Mr. MORTON. I believe I made my call
for a division on my motion in time, but the
Chair did not hear me.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The doors
will be closed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after two
hours spent therein, the doors were reopened
at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes a. m.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbbsos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in whicb it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 331) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from-the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 419) allowing, parties in
certain cases to testify.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 29)
for the relief of Blanton Duncan.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following joint resolutions of
the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 59) making San
Diego, California, a port of delivery; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 61) extending
the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 236) to ex-
tend the time for the Little Rock and Port
Smith Railroad Company to complete the first
section of twenty miles of said road, with an
amendment; itr which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENKOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had-signed the folio-wing enrolled
bills and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. 11. No. 124) to declare and fix the
status of judge advocates of the Array -r
A bill (H. R. No. 405) authorizing the sub-
mission of the constitutions of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi, and Texas to a vote of the people, and
authorizing the election of State officers pro-
vided by the said constitutions, and members
of Congress: and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 29) for the
relief of Blanton Duncan,
POST ROUTE Bin.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 403) to establish
certain post roads.
The amendments reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads were agreed
to, as follows:
After line fifteen, under"Illinois," insert:
From Fairfield to Flora.
From Louisville, via Xenia, Keenville, and Lonf
Prairie, to MacLeansboro.
From Mason, via Flerasburg, Winterrowd, and
Gibson's Store, to Newton.
From Moore's Prairie post offioe, via Spring Gar-
don, Daresville, and Wiiiiamsburg, to Ashley.
Altor line twenty-six, under "Iowa," insert:
From Tallygrand to South English.
From Springfield to Victor.
From Belle Plaine to Wartcrloo.
From Moulton to Centreville.
After lino twenty-seven insert:
Minnesota:
From Lake City, via Pell, Forest Mound. Elgin.,
and Viola, to Iizeota.
From Maple Plain, Hennepin county, to Young
America.
After line fifty-two, under " Missouri," insert-:
From Lebanon to Mountain tirove.
After line fifty-six. under " Nevada," insert:
From Argenta to Austin.
From Twin River, via Silver Peak, to Palmetto.
From Palmetto, intersecting the Aurora and Silver
Peak route in Fish Lake valley.
From Austin, via Hamilton and Treasure City, to
Sherman Town.
From Belmont, via San Antonio, Silver Peak, Pal-
motto, and Fish Lake, to Aurora.
After line sixty-seven, under " Nebraska," insert:
From Beatrice, Gage county, Nebraska, via Car-
oline and Cub creek, to Fairbury, Jefferson county,
K" ebraska.
From Linwood to Columbus.
From Ashland to Columbus.
From Falls City, via Arago, to Craig station, Mis-
souri.
From Swan City, via Ricoville, to Wells's Mills.
After line eighty, under "Ohio," insert:
From Marietta to Cow Bun.
After line eighty-one, insert:
Oregon:
From Lewisville to Elk City.
After line ninety-three, under "Pennsylvania,"
insert:
From Howard, in Center county, via "Walker, IIu-
blersburg, and Madesonville to Centre Mills, in Cen-
tre county.
From Genesee, in Potter county, via West Bingham*
and Bingham Centre, to Ulysses, in Potter county.
From Mapleton, Uuniiugton county, Hare's val-
ley, Lattiilo, to Seottsville.
After line one hundred and four, under " Wiscon-
sin," insert:
From Bayfield to Elkhora.
Kenosha to Somers.
Alter line ono hundred and sixteen, insert:
Alabama:
From Newborn to (Jottage Hill.
INTERNAL UEVEJfUE.
Mr. SHERMAN su-btwtted- the following-
report :
She committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 140)
to ame«d an act entitled "An act imposing taxes-
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses," appro ed July 20,1S68, having met. after full
and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That ther Hduse recede from their disagreement to-
the amendments of the Senate- numbered Si i, 5, 6; 7,
9, and 10, and agree to the same.
Taat the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 11.12, and 13.
That the House recede fran their disagreement
to the first amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as tollows: strike
out the word "is" in said Senate amendment and
insert in lieu thereof the words "was then and has
continued-to be."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second anrendment of the Senate so far as it is
proposed to-strike out words, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: iusort in lieu of the
words proposed to be insested: "A bond may be
taken at the discretion of the commissioner as pro-
vided for in said section for a distillery erected on1
land the lease or evidence of title to which was duly
recorded prior to the passage of this act: JProvidecL
That nothing herein contained shaft bo so construed,
as to apply to any distillery or distilling apparatus-
not erected prior to the 20th of July, 1868;" and tbo
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and agreo to
the sauae with an amendment, as follows : insert in
lieu of the words stricken out:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That any person
having in his possession any tobaoco, snuff, or cigar?
