THE OOJST&EESSIOlYAL GLOBE.
April 9,
proposes, that the; State laws with regard to the
testimony of parties "shall be the law of the
United States' courts within the respective
•States. The measure has been agreed to almost
unanimously by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.- There is one-further provision in the
bill. At present, under a section which was
tacked on to an appropriation- bill a year or
tjyo ago, all parties are allowed to testify in
.'cinl actions in the United States courts, Under
.that provision a guardian or an adminstrator,
knowing nothing perhajJjNp,bout the facts of the
epse in, which he undet vkes to testify, may
meet the adverse party at a disadvantage. We
have endeavored to provide for this difficulty
i,0 the bill I now desire to report.
• - Mr: SCOFIELD. I wish to ask the gentle-
,nSan one question. . As I understood the read-
ing of, T believe, the first section, it provides
that'the law'of the particular State relative to
*t{£e competency of witnesses shall govern the
Tjftited States'courts?
• " Mrl BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. In a State where persons
are excluded from testifying on account of
color will suqh a provision govern the United
Stotofi! ArtHT'tQ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The section so reads, I
think.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will not
have that effect. It is an enabling, not a re-
straining act. It applies only in criminal cases.
The SPEAKER. This debate is proceeding
by unanimous consent. Does the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] insist on his
objection ?
Mr. BIRD. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The question is then on
the njotion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to suspend the rules to enable him to
report the bill for action at the present time.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
attorney general's office, etc.
Mr. COOK. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee on the Judiciary, with
amendments, a bill (H. R. No. 243) to pro-
vide for. the publication of the Opinions of the
Attorneys General, and for other purposes.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I object.
Mr. COOK. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended in order to consider the bill at this
time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
37, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Coos and Mr. Brooks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is for
tile purpose of allowing the district attorneys
to have some assistance-;—
' Kr; LAWRI3NCE. I object.
The House :again divided; and- the tellers
reported-—ayes 88, noes 13.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended.
The bill was received and read. The first
section authorizes and empowers the Attorney
General of the United States, whenever in his
opinion the public interest may require it, to
employ and retain, in the name of the United
States, such attorneys and counselors at law as
he to ay deem necessary to assist the district
attorney s in the discharge,of their official duties,
and to stipulate, with such assistant counsel for
th6 ambunt of their compensation, which shall
be_ payable from and out of the moneys appro-
priated for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government.
The second section provides that in lieu of
the three clerks authorized to be appointed by
the Attorney General by the fifth section of
the act of June 25, 1868, entitled "An act to
provide for appeals from the Court of Claims,
and for other purposes," there shall be ap-
pointed by the Attorney General two persons
learned in the law, to be called solicitors of
the United States, to assist, under the direc-
tioa'of the. Attorney General, in the prosecu-
tion and defense of all matters and suits arising
in the Court of Claims on behalf of the United
States, whose salaries shall be $3,000; and
also two clerks, at annual salaries of $1,800,
and one clerk of the first class.
The third section appropriates the sum of
$3,000, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay for the editing
and the price of the sets of two volumes of the
Opinions of the Attorneys General of the Uni-
ted States, to be published and distributed in
conformity with the provisions of the act to
provide for the publication of the Opinions of
the Attorneys General of the United States,
approved March 3, 1865 ; such sum to be dis-
bursed on vouchers approved by the Attorney
General.
The fourth section provides that the salaries
of the solicitors and clerks authorized to be
appointed by the second section of this act
shall be paid out of any moneys appropriated
to pay the salaries of clerks in the office of the
Attorney General; the increased expenditure
thus authorized for the salaries of solicitors
and clerks to be defrayed out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The fifth section provides that the said soli-
citors and clerks, as well as the Assistant At-
torney General on duty in the Court of Claims,
shall be admitted to the use of the Congres-
sional and Law Library under the rules of law
regulating the same for other officers.
The amendments of the Committee on the
Judiciary were read and agreed to, as follows:
First amendment:
In the second section, line ten, after the word
" compensation," insert "which shall be reasonable
and bear a just relation to the usual compensation
for similar services paid by individuals in the samo
locality, and."
Second amendment:
Amend tho third section by adding the following :
Provided, Thatsaid Opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral shall be edited under the direction of the Attor-
ney General, by one of said clerks or by one of said
solicitors without any additional compensation there-
for.
Third amendment:
Add to the bill :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That the sureties
on the official bonds of the marshals of the several
Territories may be accepted if in all other respects
such as required by law, notwithstanding they are
not residents of the Territory for which the marshal
is appointed, provided they be citizens and freehold-
ers of the United States, and if not resident in the
said Territory be approved as good and sufficient by
the Secretary of the Interior. Actions against the
parties to said bonds may be either joint or several,
and a judgment and award of execution against the
principal shall be conclusive of the amount due in
an action against the surety.
Fourth amendment:
Add to the bill:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be paid to tbo roportcr-s o£ the Court of Claims for
their services in preparing thereports of decisions in
said court for the uso of various officers of the United
States (as prescribed by the act approvodlTth March,
1S66) an amount equal to the salary allowed by law
to a clerk of the fourth class for one volume annu-
ally of such reports, beginning with the fourth vol-
ume; said amount to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
That said compensation be in full of all demands for
such services of said reporters or their clerical assist-
ants, and to be paid when said volumes are furnished
to the respective officers.
Mr. COOK demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. COOK demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
74, noes 31.
Mr. LAWRENCE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mejibeus-blect from connecticut.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a privileged question.
I move by instruetions from the Committee of
Eleetitinsthatthe Representatives elected from
the State of Connecticut be now sworn in. I
will state to the House that there is no law
prescribing the form of credentials which shall
be presented to this House for Representatives
claiming seats here. It has been the practice
of the House to give seats in the first instance
to claimants with certificates upon proclama-
tions of the Governors of the several States.
But sometimes credentials take other forms,
as, for example, certificates from the legal
boards of canvassers.
Now, in this case the members-elect come
before us not with the certificates of the Gov-
ernor of the State. I do not know that the
law of that State provides for such a certificate
or proclamation. They come before us with a
certificate which would be perhaps informal,
and I suppose it would riot be a certificate
which they would present under ordinary eir-
cumstances. I will send the record to the
Clerk's desk. I will state before I do that, how-
ever, that this House, being the judge of the
election return, and qualifications of its mem-
bers, has complete control of the subject, and
whatever satisfies the House satisfies the law
and the Constitution. These credentials have
satisfied the Committee of Elections. They
were presented this morning. The committee
recommend that upon these certificates all of
the gentlemen elected as Representatives from
the State be sworn in. The certificate is given
by the clerk of the board of canvassers, by the
chairman of the board of State canvassers, and
is signed also by a clerk whose official charac-
ter is attested by the secretary of State under
the seal of the State of Connecticut. I have
explained this certificate so that it will be un-
necessary to read it, but I will state that the
four members who are designated in it as mem-
bers of this House elected from the State are
Julius S. Strong, from the first congressional
district; Ephraim W. Kellogg, from the second
district; Henry H. Starkweather, from the third
district; and William H. Barnum, from the
fourth district. I move that these gentlemen be
sworn in as members of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I call the attention of the House to
a precedent in the Thirty-Seventh Congress
not unlike this. I was elected to that Congress
from the State of Tennessee at the beginning
of the rebellion. By the laws of Tennessee the
Governor was required to give the commission
to members. But inasmuch as the Governor,
Mr. Harris, was a rebel, and had joined that
cause, a commission from him was out of the
question. Hence I procured a certificate from
the sheriffs of the different counties and pre-
sented them, together with the general historical
notoriety of the fact of my election. They
were presented by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections, and I was sworn in without
a reference upon the statement that was made,
and upon the general constitutional authority
of this House to be the exclusive judges of the
election of its own members.' This is certainly
a much stronger case than- that, and I think
there ought to be no objection to the swearing
in of these members from Connecticut.
Mr. BROOKS. It has been impossible for
us on this side of the House to hear the state-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin. I
would ask him what kind of certificates these
are, and what is the law of Connecticut?
Mr. PAINE. It is a certificate signed by
the treasurer of the State, by the chairman
of the State board of canvassers, and by one
of the State officers, who was ex officio clerk
of the board of State canvassers. It certifies
that these gentlemen were duly elected ; but it
seems that the canvass has not yet been so fully
completed that the regular certificates or proc-
lamation, whatever may be required under the
law, have been or can be issued. This certifi-
cate has aittached to it a certificate of the sec-
retary of State of Connecticut, under the seal
