18(59.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
of the State, that these two persons are the
officers which they claim to be in their certifi-
cate.
N off, as 1 said before, I do not know whether
the law of Connecticut requires a certificate in
this case or a proclamation to be made by the
Governor or by some other State authority.
But I added that it did not make any differ-
ence, for we have in our own hands the control
of this whole subject, and whatever law the
State of Connecticut might make on this sub-
ject it could not take from our hands the con-
stitutional power which is given to us to be
the sole judges of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of this House. I added further
that the Committee of Elections, having exam- |
ined this certificate, were unanimously of the
opinion that it ought to satisfy the House, as it
did satisfy the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Wisconsin anotherquestion. Does he
not think, looking at it seriously, that this is a
very dangerous precedent? Here in this case
the officers of Connecticut are Democrats, and
they have chosen to give a sort of statement
of what are undoubted facts; but suppose the
State officers of Connecticut had chosen to give
an untrue statement of facts ; suppose the elec-
tion were very close and the construction which
they might put upon the returns from a par-
ticular town would change one of the members
of Congress elect from one party to another.
Does he not think, especially in view of all the
doubtful returns which we have coming here,
that this would be a very dangerous precedent
to establish?
Mr. PAINE. It is true, as the gentleman
has intimated, that this certificate was given
by Democratic officials, and I suppose it might
be true in ordinary cases that even the Gov-
ernor of a State might give a false certificate.
It will be just astruein the case of a Governor
as it is in the case of these officials. Whenever
we give seats on credentials of this kind we
always of course take the risk that there may
be misstatements of facts in them, and if any
evil grows out of it we have to remedy it
through a contest. And while it is, perhaps,
true as a rule that a Governor or any other
functionary might make a mistake or perpe-
trate a fraud in his certificate, I hardly believe
the gentleman will suppose it possible that a
Democratic Governor or Democratic officials
could do any such thing.
Mr. BROOKS.' One more question. Will
the gentleman tell me what is the particular
object of this haste? What is the meaning
of it? Why is this haste necessary? If it is
solely to advance the pay of these gentlemen
I have no objection, but I have a very serious
objection to establishing a precedent of this
sort.
Mr. PAINE. There is only one reason why
there is any haste about it. In the first place
there is no law, there can be no law, requiring
us to look at this or that certificate, at these
or those credentials, because the Constitution
of the United States makes us the judges on
that subject, and whatever satisfies us, whether
it takes the form of an official certificate or the
-form of legally taken testimony or the form of
public history ; whatever satisfies us satisfies
the Constitution of the United States. Now,
it would be impossible to go through with the
ceremonies prescribed by the laws of the State
of Connecticut until after the expiration of
this session of Congress, if we should adjourn
to-morrow, as we have fixed to do. That is the
reason for haste.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire how
this case differs from that of the New Hamp-
shire members at the beginning of this Con-
gress and of the last?
Mr. PAINE. It differs in this : some mem-
ber on the floor, if 1 recollect aright, simply
moved that the Representatives-elect from the
State of New Hampshire should be sworn in
without offering any proof of any kind, it being
known to the members of the Housethat they
had been elected. There was in that case no
dispute or contest, as there is in this case
neither dispute or contest.
Mr. DAWES. There was no regular cer-
tificate in that case ?
Mr. PAINE. There was not.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say in regard to the certificates upon which the
Representatives from New Hampshire were
admitted that they were issued by the Gov-
ernor under the seal of the State, being, how-
ever, provisional in their character, and stat-
ing that the person named appears to have
been elected. The case was one of a conceded
election, involving no contest or doubt though
there had been no official count of the votes,
i The certificates afforded prima facie evidence
of the right to be admitted to seats in this
House. The certificates in the case of the Con-
necticut election appear to be similar, though
not exactly alike; but having been examined by
the Committee of Elections, and reported upon
as affording prima facie evidence of the elec-
tion of the claimants, would seem to be enti-
tled to like considerations, and give these gen-
tlemen the right to be sworn in. To my mind
there can be no objection to this course.
Mr. PAINE. I ask for the reading of the
certificate.
The Clerk read as follows:
To whom it may concern ;
X, James P. Marsh, chief clerk in the office of the
secretary of the State of Connecticut, and by custom
as such clerk ex officio clerk of the board of canvass-
ers of the said State, do hereby certify by order of
Edward S. Moseiey, esq., treasurer of the State of
Connecticut and chairman of the said board of can-
vassers, as appears by the certificate ot the said
Edward S. Moseiey, treasurer a3 aforesaid, hereto
annexed, that Julius L. Strong is elected to represent
the first congressional district of this State in the
Forty-First Congress of the United States ; that
Stephen W, Kellogg is elected to represent the sec-
ond congressional district of this State in the Forty-
First Congress of the United States; that Henry Jd.
Starkweather is elected to represent the third con-
gressional district of this State in the Forty-First
Congress of the United States; that William H.
Barnum is elected to represent the fourth congres-
sional district of this State in the Forty-First Con-
gress of the United States, as appears from the vote
given by the electors of the several towns composing
the several congressional districts of the said State
of Connecticut, the official canvass not having as yet
been made. _
Done this 8th day of April, A. D. 1889.
JAMES P. MARSH.
Chief Clerk in the office of the Secretary of State
of the State of Connecticut, and ex officio Clerk
as above set forth.
I, Edwards. Moseiey, treasurer of the State of Con-
necticut, and as such chairman of the board of can-
vassers, do hereby certify to the facts as set forth in
the foregoing certificate.
Done this 8'Ja day of April, A. D.
EDWARD S. MOSELEY.
Treasurer of State of Connecticut.
State of Connecticut,
Office of Secretory of State, as:
I hereby certify that Edward S. Moseiey was. at
the time of subscribing the foregoing attestation,
treasurer of the State of Connecticut, and that the
signature of the said Edward S. Moseiey to the fore-
going attestation to be genuine.
A<nd I further certify that James P. Marsh was, at
the time of subscribing the foregoing attestation,
chief clerk in the office ot the secretary of State of this
State, and by eustom as such clerk ex officio clerk
of the board of canvassers, and that the signature of
the said James P. Marsh to the facts above set forth
to be genuine.
In testimony whereof I havehereunto setmyhand
i and affixed the seal of said State, at Hartford,
LL.s.j ^is Sth day of April. A. D. i860.
LEVERITT E. PEASE,
Secretary oj State.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] yield to me for a
question ?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. If I understood cor-
rectly the statement of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, [Mr. Paixe.] the
statutory canvass under the law of Connecticut
has not been completed, and the evidence is,
by the certificate just read, that it is not com-
plete. 1 would inquire if the Committee of
Elections have made any canvass?
Mr. PAINE. Nothing has come before the
Committee of Elections except the certificate
which has just been read, which discloses the
fact that the inspection of the returns ot the
State show that these gentlemen are elected.
But the canvass has not been regularly and
formally made according to the laws of the
State.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then how does this
House know who has been elected if the can-
vass has not been made?
Mr. PAINE. By the inspection of the very
documents that are to be used when the can-
vass is to be made by the board of canvassers.
I now yield to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Burp.,] my colleague on the committee,
Mr. BURR. There are sometimes circum-
stances surrounding even the House of Rep-
resentatives when it will not be safe to meas-
ure a given event even by some past event, not
similar in its surroundings. We have no Rep-
resentative upon this floor at this time from
the State of Connecticut. 1 do not know that
we are compelled, in deciding this question of
a 'prima facie right—for that is all that is now
involved—to recognize the fact that we are
within twenty-four hours or twenty-four days
of the contemplated adjournment. We decide
the case upon the papers, whatever they may
be worth. The question for the Committee of
Elections to decide, and upon which to report
to the House, which they have done, is whether
the several parties presenting themselves from
the State of Connecticut are prima facie enti-
tled to admission here, subject, of course, to a
review of their title hereafter, and to a contest,
if any should arise. That is not estopped by
the contemplated action of the House.
But it is objected that no final and absolutely
formal certificate has been issued by the offi-
cers authorized by the law of the State of Con-
necticut to issue such certificate. But we have
the certificate issued by those officers who,
under the seal of the State, show their author-
ity as aboard of canvassers, signed by the pre-
siding officer of the board and the ex officio
secretary of the board, all certifying that these
parties appear to be elected by the returns
received, althoughtheformal, technical canvass
has not been officially announced, which would
settle the ultimate as well as the technical right
of these parties to be admitted to seats on this,
floor.
The Committee of Elections have reported
unanimously in favor of allowing these parties
to be admitted to seats on this floor. Of course
it will be the right of the House hereafter to
reverse its action if different parties should
appear in these congressional districts to con-
test the right made apparent by the first view
of the returns. For that the House can make
provision hereafter. Until then we recom-
mend that these parties be admitted as hold-
ing fhe prima fade right to seats on this floor.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Paixe, that the members-elect fiom Conneeti
cut be now sworn in.
Mr. BROOKS. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and there were twenty-two in
the affirmative, not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tel-
lers : and there were eighteen in the affirmative,
not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered, and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Paixe was agreed to.
Mr. Starkweather, Mr. Stroxg, and Mr.
Kellogg appeared and took the oath pre-
! scribed by the act of July 2, 1802.
| MESSAGE TROll THE SENATE,
j A message from the Senate, by Mi\ Gor-
\ ham, its Secretary, announced that the Seuate
i had agreed to the report of the committee of
' conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
i Houses on House bill No. 354, making appro-
• i printious to supply deficiencies in the appro-
! priations for the service of the Government
i! for the fiscal year ending June 80, I860, addi-
