THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
tiooal appropriations for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes.
ELECTIONS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to make a privileged
report. The Committee of Elections, to whom
was referred, on the 5th instant, a resolution
relating to the appointment of a committee to
investigate the election cases of South Caro-
lina, have instructed me to report the same
back, with a substitute, in which the concur-
rence of the House is asked.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Resolved, That each of the persons claiming seats
in the Forty-First Congress as Representatives of
the third and fourth districts of South Carolina,
excepting such as have been or before the close of
tho prescBt session shall be reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections to this House as unable to take
the oath prescribed in the act entitled "An act to
prescribe an oath of office and for other purposes,"
approved July 2,1862, sball. on or before the 15th day
of April, 1869. file with the Clerk of the House a
statement of the grounds upon which he claims such
seat; and asnb-committee sball be appointed by the
Committee of Elections, with power to administer
oaths, take testimony, and send for persons and
papers to investigate the facts connected with the
lato oleotions for Representatives in said several dis-
tricts during therecessof Congress, at such times and
places, in the State ot South Carolina, as they may de-
termine; and upon such investigation and upon the
evidence heretofore lawfully taken, in said respective
cases, the Committee of Elections shall, at the next
session of Congress, report to this House whether the
elections in the said several districts were lawful,
regular, and valid, and which of said persons, if any,
wore lawfully elected to represent said districts re-
spectively in the Forty-First Congress, and whether
said claimants arc able to take the oath of office
prescribed in said act of July 2,1862, with a full state-
ment of the faets in each case; and the reasonable
and necessary expensesof said sub-committee during
tho time they shall be engaged in such investigation
shall bepaidoutof thecontingentfundof thisHouse.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections [Mr. Paine]
whether it is the design of this resolution to
exclude from this investigation both the third
and fourth districts of South Carolina?
Mr. PAINE. It is to those two districts,
and those only, that the resolution refers.
Mr. KERB. I thoughtitappliedonlyto those
districts whose Representatives have not been
reported against on the question of eligibility.
Mr. PAINE. It applies to the third and
fourth districts only.
Mr. KERR. Then I mistook the purport
of the resolution.
Mr. PAINE. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended by the adoption
of the substitute, was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICT IN WYOMING.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the rules be
suspended to enable me to report from the
Committee on the Public Lands a bill (H.
R. No. 134) to establish a land district in
Wyoming, and for other purposes.
Mr. CtJLLOM. I hope that bill will pass.
It ought to pass.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
•information.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the public lands in the Terri-
tory of Wyoming shall constitute a land dis-
trict to be called the district of Wyoming, the
office for which shall be established at such a
place within said district as the President may
from time to time direct; and the preemption
laws are extended to the Territory. The second
section authorizes the President to appoiut,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a surveyor general for Wyoming, who
shall locate his office at such place as the
Secretary of the Interior shall from time'to
time direct; and whose duties, powers, obli-
gations, responsibilities, compensation, and
allowances for clerk hire, fuel, and incidental
expenses shall be the «ame as those of the
surveyor general of Colorado, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior and such
instructions as he may from time to time deem
advisable. The third section authorizes the
President to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a register and
receiver for the district, who shall respectively
be required to reside at the site of the office,
and who shall have the same powers, perform
the same duties, and receive the same com-
pensation as are now or may hereafter be pre-
scribed by law for other land offices of the
United States.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes 36, noes 38 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
occupy one minute with a statement in refer-
ence to this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will make no objection
if my colleague [Mr. Julian] will answer a
question which I desire to propound to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to allowing the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Juliast] to make a statement.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
establishing a land district in this new Ter-
ritory of Wyoming. Our people who are
going to that Territory desire to be enabled
to establish their homes and settle their bound-
ary lines. The land office which is nearest to
them is hundreds of miles from where they
reside. It is a matter of simple justice and
obvious necessity that this bill should be passed
at once. There is no objection and can be no
objection to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask whether the
land constituting Wyoming is not apart of the
Dakota land district, and whether the land
surveys of that land do not go on the same as
if you organized a new district ?
Mr. JULIAN. The surveys in Wyoming
cannot go on under the system of surveys estab-
lished for Dakota, which is an independent and
separate Territory. The people there are
unable from the distance of the land office to
avail themselves of it to enter their lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand my col-
league to say that the surveyor general of
Dakota cannot go on and survey the lands in
Wyoming?
Mr. JULIAN. Undoubtedly he cannot.
The President has already appointed a sur-
veyor general for the Territory of Wyoming,
and he has been confirmed ; but he cannot sur-
vey a rood of land until our land system is
established and extended over the Territory of
Wyoming.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague is mistaken
about that. The mere organization of the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming does not diminish the limits
of the land district of Dakota. The surveyor
general goes on and performs the same duties
he did before Wyoming was organized.
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir. After the Terri-
tory is organized the surveyor general of
Dakota can no more extend his functions into
Wyoming than the surveyor general of Kansas
can extend his functions over Nebraska.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not this the fact: if
you organize Wyoming into a new land district
there is a termination of the powers of the
surveyor general of Dakota over that Territory?
But until that is done the surveyor general, as
in similar cases, goes on and performs his duty
as before. Are there not several instances
where one surveyor general has a district em-
bracing more than one Territory?
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir; not unless he is
expressly so authorized by law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there not one
surveyor general for Kansas and Nebraska?
Are they not both in one land district ?
Mr. TAFFE. I can answer that. They are
not.
Mr. ALLISON. The surveyorgeneral of the
Territory of Dakota would not have jurisdiction
of the Territory of Wyoming any more than he
would have jurisdiction of Idaho.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was not the Territory of
Wyoming a part of the Dakota land district ?
Mr. ALLISON. The law authorizing the
appointment of a surveyor general was for the
Territory of Dakota, and not for the Territory
of Wyoming.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to debate.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 88, noes 22.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the rales were suspended.
Mr. JULIAN. I now demand the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main tjuestion was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEW ORLEANS, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 413) granting to
the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company the right of way through
the public lands of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. HAMiJif, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to Senate bill No. 60, legal-
izing the stamping of certain subscription
papers executed and issued to the Iowa North-
ern Central Railroad Company.
It also announced that the Senate had agreed
to the amendment of the House to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 44, to amend the
judicial system of the United States.
It announced, in conclusion, that the Senate
had passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 64)
appointing_ General Thomas Osborn a manager
of the National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
ELMINA BRAIN ARD.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 414) granting a pen-
sion to Elmina Brainard, for distinguished
service to the sick and wounded soldiers of the
Union during the war of the rebellion ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
_ Mr. CONGER also presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Michigan, asking
Congress to grant the same; which were
referred to the same committee.
NATIIAN BOYER.
Mr. CONGER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 415) confirming
the title of Nathan Boyer to certain lands in
the State of Michigan; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
LYMAN M. KELLOGG.
Mr. MAYHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 41G) for the relief
of Lyman M. Kellogg; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 60) legalizing the stamping
of certain subscription papers executed and
issued to the Iowa Northern Central Railroad
Company ; and
An act (S. No. 44) to amend the judicial
system of the United States.
