THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
coald establish only 40 votes, leaving 45 votes
utiestaWished, which 45 votes were, perhaps, a
portion of the votes cast by the 72 unassessed
voters.
The claim of the sitting member for 53 votes
in the eighth division of the nineteenth ward
the minority of the Committee of Elections do
not allow, it being plain that such change of
result as claimed in that division was produced
by a transposition of the figures. The disal-
lowance does not, therefore, change the result.
The next division which requires attention
and examination is the tenth division of the
nineteenth ward. From testimony it appears
that- this poll was taken possession of by a
mob of men, and the election officers driven
By force from the1 room wherein the election
was held and not allowed during the day to
perforin any part in connection with their as-
signed ctu,ty $s election officers of said division.
' The evidence on the subject of this division
presents what -is, happily, an unprecedented
case, of an armed, revolutionary, and flagrant
nsurpation upon the people of the district,
accompanied by violence, and resulting in the
oppression of more than half the voters of the
divisions It was not like the case of the sixth
or seventh division of the seventeenth ward,
an open, "free" election ; it wasasham; and
notafaree but atragedy. Many of theusurping
officers-resided out of the precinct; only one
of ..the nine officers was qualified to serve; they
took possession of the polls by intimidation
and violehce, and kept it by the same means.
The testimony is found on the record as fol-
lows: on behalf of the incumbent, Mr. Hooper,
page 400; Mr. Brower, page 404; Mr. Rafferty,
page 406; oh behalf of the contestant, Mr.
Potts, who acted as return inspector, who resi-
ded in another division, and an officer in a city
department, page 188; Mr. Lefferts, who held
tbe window book outside, page 192; Mr. Simp-
son, a bystander, and Mr. Addis, who acted
as judge, a resident of another division, page
106. It is only necessary to refer to the return
•of this election to show the effect of the usurp-
ation complained of upon the people of the
district. The tenth division- was divided into
two divisions; the fourteenth division was taken
from it. At the prior election the Republican
majority in the old tenth division was less than
50. At the election of October, 1868, the Repub-
lican majority in the fourteenth division was
SSt (page 228,) showing that the remaining
part at the old division was Democratic; yet
the return from the tenth, division shows a ma-
jority for Mr. Myers (only 219 pretended votes
cast) of 173, (page 228.) making a majority in
the old division ef 251. Mr. Hooper, (page
400,t of his own knowledge, says that from 100
to 125 Democratic voters did not vote, and Mr.
Brower, (page 404f) says that at least 100 did
Dot'vote. "It would be contrary to reason, jus-
tice, and sinning against the light of truth to
allow the return of the tenth division of the j
nineteenth ward to stand as the expression of
the franchised people of that district.
The majority of the Committee of Elections, !
however, in their review of what took place in i
that division, upon sworn and proved declara- I
tiong as to force and intimidation, fail to throw j
Out this division. And let me here express the i
bfelief that if there is any division in the dis- j
triet that should be thrown oat this division j
should have priority in that respect. |
Having- thus briefly reviewed the facts as j
ascertained from an examination of the evi- f
dence in this case, "the minority of the Com- j
mittee of Elections come to this conclusion: ;
Mr. Moffet's returned majority was 127; a 'i
review of the tally-papers entitle him to 5 addi- ii
tional votes; by admitted frauds against him, i!
single votes proved in each individual case, he !|
is entitled to 53 additional votes, making his jj
actual majority in the district 185 votes. j
For Mr, Myers, by a reexamination of the ii
tally, 35 votes: legal votes agreed to by both !!
parties cast in his favor, 30; making 65 addi- ii
tional votes for Mr. Myers. Deduct these from :j
the vote for Mr. Moffet, and it leaves the ascer- (!
tained majority for Mr. Motfet 120 votes. If, ■>
however, we throw out of the count the divis-
ion where an armed force appeared for the
purpose of ousting the duly and regularly
elected officers of election, we arrive at the
conclusion that Mr. MofFet has a majority of
293 votes. In order to overturn that majority
the majority of the committee are driven to
the necessity of throwing out two divisions,
giving in the aggregate more than 700 majority
for the sitting member. They throw out both
those two divisions, though the officers on both
sides, though parties inside and out, agree,
according to the sworn statements, that never
before did a fairer election occur in those
divisions, the sixth and the seventh.
I hope that this House will hesitate before
undertaking to disfranchise people by this sum-
mary mode of proceeding. There might be
some shadow of justification for throwing out
nine, ten, or eleven thousand votes in the State
of Louisiana ; but in all the past history of this
House there is no precedent for any attempt
by Congress to violate, in the manner proposed
in this ease, the privileges of the freemen of
Pennsylvania.
It is a well-settled principle that no neglect,
criminal or otherwise, of an election officer
should deprive any duly entitled citizen of the
right to have his vote counted. All that we
ask in this case is, that if votes are to be thrown
out they shall be thrown out after examina-
tion, so that those votes which were clearly
entitled to be cast shall be made to tell in the
count. Why, sir, the Committee of Elections
might, with the same show of right that they
have in this case, undertake to go down into
my district and throw out one after another
of my election returns.
Let me here advance the proposition that
generally the amount of fraud attempted in
elections is in proportion to the facilities ex-
tended to those who seek to commit frauds.
What do we find in regard to this third district?
Why, sir, of the judges who determined what
votes should be counted and put into the boxes
the contestant had 34 and the sitting member
but 25. And when the count was made on the
Friday following the election, who had the ma-
jority of the return judges ? A large majority
of those return judges who reviewed the vote
in this case were on the side of the contestant.
Is it to be supposed for a moment by any man
of common sense that they would have counte-
nanced anything that was unjust to the rights
of the contestant? They were in political ac-
cord with him. They have, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, facilitated the proceedings of
the contestant at every step of this examina-
tion. I therefore ask that this House will not
invade the rights of the majority of the people
of that district by forcing upon them as their
Representative a man whom they have not
chosen and who is not in accord with their
political views.
At the proper time I shall, if the rules will
allow me, submit as an amendment the resolu-
tion of the minority of the committee. I now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Woodward."!
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, I had
not expected to take part in the discussion of
this election contest; for in the multitude of
our duties at the close of the session I have
not had time to go through the whole of the
documents in the case. But, sir, I spent some
time last evening and this morning in an exam-
ination of the evidence, and I stand here pre-
pared to say, upon the examination so far as I
have gone, that Mr. Leonard Myers has no
more title to the seat now occupied by John
Moffet than he has to the house of John Mof-
fet. We might just as well take from Mr, Mof-
fet any of his property as to deprive him of his
seat upon this floor and give it to Leonard
Myers. This conclusion can be verified to the
satisfaction of any twelve sober and honest men
on God's earth who will take time to examine
the evidence and give it the weight it deserves.
But, sir, while my colleague [Mr. RasdauJ
was speaking on the case my eye wandered
oyer the House to see who was listening to
him. And who was listening? Who knows
what are the just legal conclusions from this
mass of evidence? Who has spelled out the
case, witness by witness and word by word ? I
doubt whether there is a man here who has
done so. I know right well that the member
of the Committee of Elections whose speech
we heard last evening has not done it, for his
speech proves it; and if he has not done it it
has not been done by others.
Why, Mr. Speaker, how did that gentleman
begin his address? By telling us that as the
Louisiana case was a case of violence and of
bloodshed, this was a case of fraud; and he
intimated that all the wrongs the Election
Committee encountered were founded in fraud
and violence.
WThat will be found in this mass of evidence?
The only evidence of fraud or violence is in
what occurred in the tenth precinct of the
nineteenth ward, in which the political friends
of the contestant got up a riot and deprived
the sitting member of some hundred votes—
who had no opportunity to poll their votes
because of this riot. That is the way the gen-
tleman's fraud results from the evidence. It
proves that the only fraud and violence shown
by this record were in the tenth precinct of the
nineteenth ward, where the Republican party
deprived Mr. MofFet of some hundred odd votes
which belonged to him. The riot amounted
to assault and battery, for which some of the
rioters were bound over by a Republican judge.
How, then, does the gentleman make out
his allegation that this is a case of fraud? He
tells the House that there were so many votes
in this precinct and so many in the other pre-
cinctnotuponthe assessor's list, and therefore,
forsooth", the election officers violated their
oath of office and the law of the land in allow-
ing these men to poll their votes. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio would reflect I think he
would agree those election officers, acting under
the obligation of their oath and in the midst
of a community watching them, may be pre-
sumed to have done their duty according to
law! That rule has crystallized into the maxim
omnia prmsumunter rite acta.
I presume the gentleman from Ohio has
heard that principle. In the absence of evi-
dence are we not to presume that the Election
Committee have done their duty? Is not that
presumption to be set up in favor of the elec-
tion officers of the third congressional district
of Pennsylvania? No, says the gentleman, the
presumption is that every man whose name was
not found upon the assessor's list was fraudu-
lently permitted to vote. I say that no such
presumption arises from the facts. A great
many poor men failed to get their names upon
the list, but the law of Pennsylvania allows
them to vote. There is no illegality in allow-
ing them to vote. If they are challenged, it is
the duty of the election officers to examine
them. The presumption is that the election
officers examined them, and that they estab-
lished to the satisfaction of the election officers
their right to vote. Thus the smoky allegation
of fraud disappears the moment you touch the
case.
Again the groundlessness of this allegation
is exhibited by the fact that there is not a par-
ticle of evidence to show for whom these un-
assessed voterg voted. Leonard Myers claims
that John Moffet received those votes. The
gentleman from Ohio argues thus in the report:
"Incumbent'" counsel reply that in the sixth divis-
ion of the seventeenth ward five of these votes were
cust for Mr. Myers, and in the seventh that it is not
ful iy proved for whom they vvere east. Were this true
it would not alter the matter. Un the contrary, the
very uncertainty of the result caused by the fraud
would tend to destroy ali the returns. But it is nut
true. In the sixth division, seventeenth ward, 55 votes
were returned for Mr. Myers. Ho was able to prove
51 of them. Except the remaining 4, and the o of
those unassessed who voted for him, the 87 unassessed
and all others proved to ho illegal must havo been
east for Mr. Motfet."
There is logic for you !
Mr. STEVENSON. Good logic.
Mr. WOODWARD. Good logic for Ohio.
God forbid it should be good logic anywhere
else. What in the argument? That certain
unassessed voters voted. It is assumed that
