1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
that the act is repugnant to the constitution,
but many continue honestly to vote in accord-
ance with the act which appears on the statute-
book. But in this case the evidence was hear-
say ; the removal could have been proved. It
was not shown by the list of voters that his
name was on it, nor if he voted, for whom he
voted, exceptby Rickards, page 103, as above,
but he proves that he was vouched for on oath.
At pages 182 and 211, Louis Peterson voted
from his residence, but he had not resided in
the State long enough to become entitled to
vote. He did not examine his ticket; he said
he intended it to be a Democratic ticket. This
is not sufficient proof of the contents of the
ticket for Congress. These three voters are
all that are attacked, and being less than 10,
the specification falls, unless, second, the voters
who had been naturalized by the supreme
court, 13 in number, were illegal voters. As
to who these citizens voted for only appears by
the testimony of Rickards, (page 103,) who
spoke of the "heading" of their tickets. As to
the voters themselves it does not appear that
any evidence was given or offered that any one
of the certificates was fraudulently or unduly
obtained.
The law upon this question has been ruled
by Judge Butler, an eminent Republican judge,
the president of the court of common pleas
of Chester and Delaware counties, in the fol-
lowing opinion :
"The tenth section of the act of Assembly of April
4.1868, provides that if any prothonotary, clerk, or
the deputy of either, or any other person, shall affix
the seal of office to any naturalization paper, or give
out the same in blank, whereby it may be fraudu-
lently used, or furnish a naturalization certificate
to any person who shall not have been examined
and sworn in open court, in the presence of some of
the judges thereof, according to the act of Congress,
shall be guilty of a high misdemeanor: or if any per-
son shall fraudulently use such certificate of natu-
ralization, knowing that it was fraudulently issued,
or shall vote or attempt to vote thereon, be shall be
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and either or any of
the persons guilty of either of the misdemeanors
aforesaid shall, on conviction, be fined in a sum not
exceeding SI,000, and imprisoned in theproper peni-
tentiary tor a period not exceeding three years.
"The defendant is indicted under this act for at-
tempting to vote on ' such a certificate.' The Com-
monwealth has shown that he presented himself at
the polls and offered hisvoto, exhibiting asevidence
of his right a certificate of naturalization purport-
ing to be issued out of the supreme court of this
State, signed by its prothonotary and bearing its
seal. And nothing further, pertinent to the issue, is
shown. Clearly this does not make out a case. A
certificate of naturalization in duo form and prop-
erly attested is sufficient evidence, in the first in-
stance, that the individual named in it' was duly
examined and sworn m op«n court, in the presence
of some of the judges, according to the act of Con-
gress,' and that the certificate itself was regularly
and lawfully issued. It isnotcouclusive. The con-
trary may be shown. But those who assert that the
individual was not ' examined and sworn m court,'
<fcc., or that the certificate was not issued according
to law, but m the language of the act, 'was given
out in blank,' must prove it. Until tliisbe done the
p-ima facie case established by the certificate stands.
It was the right of any one challenging the defend-
ant's vote thus to attack his certificate. And it was
the right of the Commonwealth to do so here. Had
we any evidence that the certifiate is, within the
meaning of the act, a fraud, there would bo some-
thing to submit to the jury. But we have not. The
certificate stands unimpeached. It seemed to be sup-
posed by the counsel that the Commonwealth could
rest its case on a paper exhibited, called *an opinion
of the supreme court, by Judge Bead.' This was
a mistake; the paper is wholly unimportant to the
prosecution. No opinion has been pronounced by
that court touching the truth or genuineness of the
certificatehere involved, or in any way affecting this
case.
" The eminent judge referred to has made certain
statements in respect to the manner of naturalizing
individuals in the supremo court, and the issuing
of certificates therefrom, and has given expression
to his views in relation to it. But there was 110 case
before him calling for the exercise of his judicial
functions, and nothing, therefore, was or could be
decided. His statements, tending to impeach this
and other certificates, are of no higher value in a
court of justice than the statements of any other
mm knowing the facts. His statement of the law,
when the duties of his office call upon him to ex-
pound it, are entitled not only to groatrespeet. from
his ability and learning, but. from his eminent posi- 1
tion. are conclusive and binding. Under any other !
circumstances his statement of the law decides
nothing, and his statement of facts cannot, under the
rules of evidence, even be heard, except as we hear
that of any other person, on the stand as a witness.
We must not forget that we are in a court ot justice,
where no rumor or outside unsworn statement, no
matter by whom made, can be allowed the slightest
weight.
The evidence of the defendant's admission or con -
fession, that he had not resided in the country the
full period of five years, it must be observed, is wholly
unimportant in the issue before us. It does not at-
tack the truth or genuineness of the certificate, and
does not, therefore, tend to prove an offense within
the act of Assembly. It does tend to show that the
court issuing the certificate was imposed upon; but
that question is not before us. It doubtless bad much
to do with the rejection of the vote, and the com-
mencement of the prosecution. This, however, was
a mistake; an honest mistake, judging from what is
before us. The election officers could not inquire
into the fact whether the defendant had resided in
the country for five years, nor into any other matter
involving his right to naturalization, All these facts
were passed upon and decided, by the tribunal to
which the law has referred the subject, the court,
Behind this decision the election officers could not
go, Like all other judgments of a court, it settles all
questions of fact upon which it depends, and cannot
be collaterally attacked or impeached. Theelcction
officers may inquire into the truth and genuineness
of the certificate, and it is their duty to do so. This
is simply the evidence of the judgment pronounced
by the court. And if it be proved untrue or spu-
rious, they should disregard it. But if it stand unim-
peached, they cannot, we repeat, go behind it and
inquire whether the judgment of naturalization itself
was rightly pronounced. They cannot rejudgc what
the court has already adjudged and decided, Any
error into which the court has been led must be cor-
rected by itself.
"No case being made out by the Commonwealth,
the defendant must be discharged."
Ward 12, division 2. At pages 220 and 212,
Henry Neilson voted on a certificate of natural-
ization ; he says he arrived in Pennsylvania
two or three months before July last, but does
not say when he arrived in this country; and
he says he does not know for whom he voted.
At page 140, John Ferguson appears with a
fraudulent certificate, but he did not vote,
(page 143.) At page 172 Isaac T. Agar, from
hearsay, impeaches two voters ; as to one he
says to the best of his knowledge and belief
he voted the Democratic ticket, as to the other
he says the voter told him so. In both cases
the voters were well known, and could have
been produced, and the necessity could have
been avoided of inquiring as to the contents
of a written paper. Another case of hearsay
evidence occurs at page 180, too glaring to
need comment. It is hopefully submitted to
the committee that such testimony will be
excluded, especially as in this case the voter
was well known.
Ward 12, division 3. No evidence offered to
sustain it.
Ward 12, division 4. At page 163 Mr. Green
speaks of four persons by hearsay, and even
from hearsay only raises a doubt about one,
without a particle of evidence as to how either
of them voted. This specification fails. It is
not offered to show that ten persons and up-
ward voted unlawfully, nor does it show one
illegal vote for the incumbent.
Ward 12, division 5. No evidence offered.
Ward 12, division C. No evidence offered.
Ward 12, division 7. No evidence offered.
Specification 31, ward 13. division 1. At
page 181 Mr. Strauss describes his residence
but does not know for whom he voted, but he
was a legal voter.
Ward 13, division 2. No evidence offered.
Ward 13, division 3. One voter, (page 104.)
William Mervine, is attacked upon hearsay.
This charge fails.
Ward 13, division 4. No evidence offered.
Ward 13j division 5. No evidence offered.
Ward 13, division 0. At page 183 Mr. Agar
attacked a well known voter 011 hearsay. This
charge fails.
Ward 16, division 1. No evidence was offered
to show illegal votes. At page 106 it is stated
that 20 voters exhibited certificates of natural-
ization issued by the supreme court. The voter
named Dunn did not exhibit minor's papers ;
he had been twelve years in this country and
was duly naturalized. No evidence was given
to impeach any of the certificates. The usual
word heading is used to show the contents of
the tickets, and the witness makes the remark-
able statement that 110 ticket was scratched,
although his office, as window inspector, did
not include the function of opening anil count-
ing the tickets, which pertained to the return
inspectors, who open, count, and twist them in
bundles of five or ten, and deposit them in boxes.
It may be well to remark here, to avoid repe-
tition, that where the proofs exhibit less than
ten illegal votes, or where votes of persons
naturalized by the supreme court are the
subject-matter of discussion, such cases it is
requested may be considered as if the objec-
tion were taken in relation to each poll in
detail.
Ward 16, division 2. No evidence offered.
Ward 16, division3. Atpagelllan attempt
to prove the personation of Martin Abraham
appears, but whether there was another person
of the name or not, which the witness says he
does not know, or who the false man, if he was
a false man, voted for, does not appear. At
page 114 Mr. Koch testifies that seven persons
voted oa what we will call for brevity supreme
court papers; and the familiar term "head-
ing" is used to denote the contents of their
tickets, but it appears that not one of those
papers was impeached or offered to be.
Ward 16, division 4. At page 114 a witness
testifies that two persons voted on supreme
court papers. The evidence does not impeach
the certificates, and the term "heading" here
again used did not prove for whom the votes
were cast.
Ward 16, division 5. No evidence offered.
Ward 16, division 6. Mr. Kerr (page 105)
presented a list of eight persons who voted 011
supreme court papers. No evidence was given
or offered to impeach any of them. The only
evidence of the contents of the ballots was the
general term "heading."
Ward 16, division 7. Mr. McNally (page 163)
gives the names of three persons who did not
vote, Kleis, Moser, and McAleer, and the
names of five who voted on disputed citizen-
ship. One is Alderman Eiddell, of that ward,
whose testimony, at page 395, is referred to
in answer to the objection ; another is Roth-
weiler, the size of whose certificate raised the
doubt of the witness, although he did not read
it; another, Turner, whose paper was not
impeached; another, Brehm, also not im-
peached ; the last, Yeager, presented a certifi-
cate in which the date was omitted, but the
signature and seal were not apparently doubted.
It is useless to repeat the word "heading"
which here occurs, nor need it again be re-
ferred to, as no doubt the testimony will be
looked at by the committee in order to decide
the veiy material question, "For whom did
the voter vote?" Neither of these votes are
open to doubt.
Ward 16, division 8. Mr. Sheppard (page
100) gives the names of seven persons who
voted on supreme court papers, none of which
were impeachcd or offered to be.
Ward 17, division 1. No evidence offered.
Ward 17, division 2. One illegal vote, but
the witness said he did not look at his ticket.
Ward 17, division 3. No evidence offered.
Ward 17, division 4. The witness, at page
75, names three persons who voted on supreme
court papers, but neither of them was im-
peached or offered to be. At page 73, the
same witness names fourteen voters whose
names are not on the list of taxables. This
would of itself be immaterial, as it is unknown
how they voted; but Mr. Gilchrist, at page 410,
explains away the objection set up by the wit-
ness except as to the vote of Swartz, who was
not a resident of the division.
Ward 17, division 5. The vote of Peter
Kelly (page 161) is attacked on the assertion
that his mother had said he was not twenty one
years of age ; but he proved that he was of age,
born in the house he voted from, and that his
mother could not have said so, because slit-
had been dead seven years.
Ward 17, division 8. Mr. Brown (page 11!))
produces a list of twenty-two persons wiiu^
voted on supreme court papers. Neither of
11 them was impeached, or offered to be. He
Ii also names a voter, Hurtrich, who did not pro-
|! duce his papers. There the evidence stops.
;; It may be that he had been ten years a voter
i' in the district, and therefore entitled to vote
as he did.
" Ward 17, division 9. Mr. Donnelly, (page
