THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
1X2,) an election officer whose residence was
out of the division, exhibited a list of sixteen
persons who voted oa supreme court papers.
No specific allegation was setup against either
of them. The objection seems to have been
founded on what the witness had seen about
forged papers in print. The mere objection
"on the ground that they were fraudulent
papers, signed by James Ross Snowden," ad-
mitted the genuineness of the signatures. The
same witness briefly refers to a voter named
Mitchell, whose name was not ou Lhe assess-
ment list, as he said, but the list was not pro-
da ced'.
Ward 17, division 10. "Mr. Wallan(page 113)
says two persons voted on supreme court
papers, names not given, both were assessed ;
he merely says he objected, without saying why
or wherefore. His clerk (page 117) says that
three sueh votes were polled, and gives their
names, and that neither of them was assessed.
The last witness questions the votes of two
other persons, but on grounds not worth re-
peating.
Ward 18, division 1. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 2. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 3. On page 153 hearsay
evidence was offered as to one vote.
Ward 18, division 4. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 5. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 6. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 7. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 8. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 9. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 10. No evidence offered.
Ward 18, division 11. Mr.Brass (page 131)
names nine persons who voted on supreme
court papers; they were all assessed, (page
132.) No objection is stated'to either of these
votes, or to the authenticity of these certifi-
cates. The same witness attacks the vote of a
sick man who came to the polls in a carriage;
the judge allowed his ticket to be banded to
him.
Ward 18, division 12. At page 109 we find
the names of twelve persons who voted on
supreme court papers ; no objection was made
to the certificates at the time, or since. The
same witness attacks two voters, one who had
moved out of the district before the election
and the other a minor; he speaks of the '1 head-
ing" of the tickets voted by the naturalized
citizens, but not as to the two last-named voters.
Ward 19, division 1. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 2. Mr. Craig (page 152)
testifies that three persons voted on supreme
court papers without objection.
Ward 19, division 3. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 4. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 5. Mr. Bartram (page 98)
discusses the question of residence of two con-
ductors of the Onion Pacific railroad, and fails
to reach a negative view, of the matter. Mr.
Cress steps in, at page 99, and adds the purest
sort of hearsay evidence to help him out. One
did not even know the heading of the tickets
they voted; the other (page 100) did not know
whether Republican tickets are not printed
with Democratic headings—a very usual occur-
rence in animated election contests.
Ward 19, division 6. Mr. Nace (page 202)
Barnes six persons who voted on supreme!
court papers, and Mr. Miiligan (page 203) says !
so also. But neither of these witnesses casts '
a doubt on their certificates, nor intimates that
any objection to them was uttered at the polls,
and neither of them refer to the tickets except
Miliigan, as to Wofer, one of them.
At page 172 Mr. Miiligan accuses a voter of
fraud, being a minor, but states .that he was
sworn and examined at the poll; at page 203
the same witness merely states he was in-
formed by his brother that he was not twenty-
one years of age ; this is mere hearsay ; the
brother could have been produced, and it is
proper to presume, from the failure tq, produce
him, that he would have supported the oath
of Ids brother.
Ward 19, division 7. Mr. Loux (page 162)
names twenty four persons who voted ou
supreme court papers. The only evidence as
to these voters is contained in the following
questions and answers:
"Question. Were these votes on supreme court
naturalization papers received without objection ?
"Answer. X objoeted to them."
The testimony is—all these papers were
signed by J. Ross Snowden, and had the seal
of the court on them ; there was no evidence
offered to impeach them then nor since.
Ward 19, division 8. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 9. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 10. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 11. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 12. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 13. No evidence offered.
Ward 19, division 14. No evidence offered.
Thus far, it will be seen, there is little to
discuss; the contested votes are few, the evi-
dence plain, and the question arising upon un-
impeached certificates of naturalization is un-
worthy of serious discussion. What was not
impeached at the polls or in the evidence is
not impeached at all. It is a fact deserving
much attention that in Philadelphia, the seat
of the controversy upon the subject of supreme
court papers, where all the facts are known,
that in the present contested-election for city
officers no evidence has been given or preten-
sion set up that those papers were ipso facto
illegal; and in the contested-election of a Phil-
adelphia judge before the Legislature no such
point was made. It is quite remarkable that
an expectation seems to exist in this case that
honorable members of Congress residing at a
distance from the city where the question has
been thoroughly considered and understood
may be induced to disregard genuine records
Under the seal of the highest court in Pennsyl-
vana, without a particle of evidence to impeach
them, in view of the significant fact that in
contests near and at home the point has not
been attempted to be made. It is very true
that some frauds may have been and were com-
mitted by individuals, and, where discovered,
have been shown in this case, but it would be
as unjust to condemn all the records in all
cases as it would be to repudiate the entire
circulation of Treasury notes because some
have been counterfeited. The genuineness of
the signature of the clerk and of the seal are
the tests, and the evidence in this case does
not impeach either. So far from contestants
in the Philadelphia cases at home having at-
tempted to setup the illegality ofbueii records,
the incumbents in those cases have, as in this
case, taken the ground that where such voters
have been rejected, their votes must be counted
as if they had been received.
The remaining divisions are the sixth and
seventh divisions of the seventeenth ward. The
fourth, sixth, and seventh divisions are and
always have been, strons Democratic precincts,
aud the results in 1868 might have been ex-
pected from former results. The vote last
October was as follows :
Jloffct. Myers.
Division fourth  252 50
Division sixth  467 55
Division seventh  352 85
The complaint against the fourth division
was, as we have seen, faintly urged and failed.
In the sixth division, the evidence relied
upon by the contestants, subdivides itself as
follows:
1. That 90 persons voted whose names do
not appear on the assessment list, (page 53.)
2. That 16 persons voted twice, (page 53.)
3. That certain persons on the list of voters
did not vote, or were not qualified voters, &c.
4. That the entire precinct be thrown out of
the count.
First. This is an unreliable objection. All
persons who had removed into the ward, who
had paid a tax within two years, were not
obliged to be assessed for that election ; they
had been assessed in the division from which
they had removed; for an instance of this see
page 130. Among nine election officers at the
window, one or more would know the voter
personally, and in such cases voters are con-
tinually recognized.
To illustrate the utter unreliability of this
kind of evidence, it is only necessary to refer
to the contestant's testimony to show that
several persons who voted for him appear on
the list at page 53, namely: Thomas Jackson,
page 68; Henry Lance, page 80; Jesse Smith,
page 91; Hugh G-oodfellow, page 93 ; James
McCobb, page 107. These votes, like the
others, doubtless were received, as appears by
their testimony to have been received, without
oath or vouchers. The name Mallen, stated
to appear at No. 308 and 35, (page 53,) is an
error—one name is Mallen, the other Mullen.
Besides, clerks often mispell a name, as ap-
pears often in this ease. Neither Robert Don-
nelly's name nor JamesLinuey's name appear
twice at the number stated, at page 53. James
Linney was examined at page 219.
Second. That sixteen persons voted twice.
This objection is founded on the testimony of
one witness, (page 53,) who says that on read-
ing the list of voters he found the same names
repeated on the list; this is based on the mere
guess that two persons of the same name did
not reside in the district, and on the inference
from that guess that each of these men com-
mitted a fraud by voting twice. This reason-
ing is more vicious than an inference upon an
inference ; it is an inference upon a guess or
supposition, and the witness so confesses at
page 54:
"Question. Do you mean to say that in the instances
you have named the same persons voted twice?
"Ansioer. No; I don't mean any such thing. Thero
might have been two or three of the same name in
the ward," &c.
One of the names referred to was Timothy
Mahoney. At pages 336 and 337 both persons
of that name were examined, and testified that
they voted.
Third. That certain voters did not vote or
were not legal voters.
A.—David Thompson, page 54 ; hearsay,
and on examination the witness says that he
did not say such a thing at all as that Thomp-
son did not reside in the division. At page
73 David Thompson is called to prove that
he voted for Mr. Myers—his name had been
assessed as James.
B.—John Savage, pages 60 and 65. If there
were two John Savages in the ward this vote
was right; one John Savage did not vote.
C.—John Philip Reuger, at page 77, says
he did not vote. The list of voters does not
import that he did.
D.—Samuel Greenwood, page 18. The evi-
dence of removal from the division uncertain
and hearsay. The man was well known and
not called.
E.—John McErlain and Anthony McErlain,
page 78 and page 130. These men had re-
moved ; but the question remains whether
others of their names did not reside in the
division, especially as it appears that the judge
of election knew John M'Erlain personally,
(page 213.)
F.—-Timothy McCarty, pages 81 and 213. A
man of this name was in prison, at page 81;
his residence is proved; whether he was in
prison on election day would appear from
the prison record, which was not produced.
Besides, two of the same name might have
existed in the ward and probably did, for the
judge who took the vote knew this McCarty
personally, (page 213,) as well as several
others who are charged as being cases of per-
sonation upon the fallacious, or at least doubt-
ful basis that no two names in the ward are
alike.
G.—William Wilson, page 83, was called and
proved he voted for "D. K. Moffet," but his
vote was not attacked or doubted. That name
is not on the list at page 53, of names appear-
ing twice.
H.—Julius Mulig, page 204, voted inno-
cently—he had moved out of the division,
October 9.
I.—Matthew Brady and Neil McCaun, at.
page 107-8, are said by James White to have
removed before the election ; the Brady who
had removed was Matthew C. Brady, who was
called, (page 214,) and not Matthew Brady. Mr.
