1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"889'
McCann, if called, might have proved a like
case of misnomer. Besides, Mr. White is not
to be relied upon because he makes attack on,
K.—Edward J. Devlin, who, on his oath, at
page 385, shows that he did not avoid the
draft—that he ivas a good voter, and that he
had served over three years in the war as a
volunteer.
L.—William Leahy; his wife, page 179,
proved his residence in this division, but says
she did not know where he was since July;
"he could vote without my knowledge."
M.—Charles Devlin, page 179. His mother
cannot give the year he was born ; that to the
best of her knowledge he was between twenty
and twenty-one.
N.—Cornelius ©onnelly, page 179. This
failed.
0.—Charles Brady, page 179. This failed.
P.—Felix Connelly, page 179. This man
moved before the election, but another of the
same name might have resided in the division.
Q.—Daniel Murphy, page 180. The same
witness says he did not live at her house; that
is all.
It.—James Dugan. The same witness, at
the same page, says that the James Dugan she
was acquainted with is dead, but does not say
when he died.
S.—David Laaigan and Patrick Costello.
The same witness, at page 180, names these
persons, but does not impeach their right to
vote, if they did vote.
T.—John Reily. At page 213 a witness
says John Reily did not live in the division
at the time of the election; that is all. He
does not tell us whether he knew him, or where
he lived, or where he moved to, or whether the
Reily he refers to voted or not.
U.—William McAfee. Mr. James Linney,
reference at page 219, does not alfeet this vote.
V.—George W. Davis, page 219 ; mere hear-
say ; the informant was not called to testify.
W.—At page 51 an ineffectual demonstration
was rno.de on two names; at page 62 Henry
Lance was attacked as an illegal voter, but the
contestant afterward called him to prove that
he voted for "Mr. Myers," (page 80.)
This catalogue exhausts the list. The mea-
ger materials presented to make up an election
contest might have justified omitting mention-
ing of them altogether. The case is not very
materially aided by the "hearsay " of the stand-
ing witness, George I. Ritchie, (examined five
times,) who sought to serve a subpena four
mouths after the election. If the information
with which he burdened the record was true or
useful, why not call those who gave it? What
can excuse the omission or account for it
except the ordinary legal and reasonable pre-
sumption already cited? Surely it could not
have been expected with a proper sense of def-
erence to the honorable members of the com-
mittee or the House that such experiments
upon the familiar and fundamental rules of
evidence could prosper.
It should be remarked before leaving this
part of the case that in the list of voters (page
262) the residences of the voters are notwritten
opposite their names.
One important question under this head re-
mains. It'any one or more of these votes was
or were illegal, for whom were they cast? Un-
less proved to have been cast for Mr. Moffet
they will not be regarded. Hence the contest-
ant commenced the task of calling as witnesses
those who cast their votes for him, and it is an
extraordinary fact that not one of these wit-
ness scratched the full ticket. The return
(page 219) shows that Mr. Myers ran behind all
his colleagues. He ran 13 behind Mr. lienner,
3 behind the State ticket, 1 behind the judicial
ticket, 2 behind the county, receiver, comp-
troller, and solicitor tickets, and 1 behind the
mayor and commissioner; and at page <5 the
witness thinks that Mr. Myers s name was on a
Democratic ticket; yet all his witnesses voted
the full ticket, except probably Tomlinsou. _
The vote of Mr. Myers was 55. Fifty wit-
nesses have been called to prove how they
voted. Proof wn-. offered to show that 19 voted
41>1' CoN'ti. ls£E Busts.—No. i'i.
for Mr. Myers; of these, one, McAllister, be-
lieves heso voted; three " supposed" so, Cro-
zin, Goodfellow, and Hague; one, McArthur,
did not examine his ticket. Several voted the
ticket on trust that it was right; not one says
the ticket was not a full ticket. Some of these
'-witnesses were mistaken in their belief or trust;
some of the headings were treacherous, or they
[ bad forgotten or overlooked the state of the
vote. If the whole 49 are assumed by the com-
j mittee and the House to have deposited 49 of
' the 53 votes cast for Mr. Myers, then G of
j the alleged illegal voters, if so many shall be
adjudged to be illegal, are to be laid aside as
not having been proved to have voted for Mr.
Moffet, it being unknown for whom they voted.
It is merely unnecessary to spend time upon
the effort to throw out the voters during the
first hour because all the officers of the elec-
tion were not yet present. The voters, on this
point, are to be treated as legal voters. They
voted at the time and place appointed by law;
their votes were offered to and* received by
election officers duly elected and sworn; their
names were duly registered, and their votes
1 were deposited in the manner prescribed by
i law. If the actual presence of all of the election
! officers of a district is necessary to give legal
j effect to votes otherwise lawful, then no lawful
j election was ever held, during a whole election
| day, in Philadelphia or elsewhere. The officers
necessarily take turns at meals, and for other
reasons, and it has never been supposed that
masses of legal voters could be disfranchised
because all the election officers were not pres-
ent at the tim-e the votes were duly offered and
received. If officer,? neglect their duty, or
act mala fide, let them be punished, but not
innocent citizens by the most degrading of
inflictions—the loss of their rights as freemen.
It is evident that the attack upon this divis-
ion is an afterthought. Mr. McGucken testi-
fies, page 331, that the election was conducted
properly, according to the best of his knowl-
edge and opinion, and he adds, " and the rest
of my brother officers so said while in the
room." He was strongly corroborated by his
fellow window inspector, Mr. Tomlinson, Re-
publican, (page 425,) who testifies, "I saw
nothing inside that I suspicioned any foul clay
about." He added that he put the tickets into
the box. It was after the election that it was j
judged expedient to ferret out technical com- i
plaints, and search among the _ directory pro- f
visions of the election laws to impeach a poll j
fairly conducted in the opinion of the officers. |
The remark was omitted in the proper place j
that the same sixteen names mentioned as
appearing twice on the list of voters, at page
53. also appear on the list of 90 unassessed
voters, bame page, including those who are
called to prove that thev voted for Mr. Myers,
so that these names are counfad twice in both
lists.
Ward 17, division 7, In this precinct the
vote stood—for Moffet. 352, Myers 85.
The proofs arrange themselves in the same
subdivision as in the sixth division, and the
remarks just, made on that precinct, will gene-
rally apply to this.
First. Only six names on the list of voters
appear twice—certainly not an unusual cir-
cumstance. One is said to be Thomas W.
O'Neill, appearing at Nos. Ill and 213. page
37. This is not true. The name of Thomas
O'Neill appears at No. 114, and the name of
Thomas W. O'Neill appears at 213. Both
these voters were called and proved that they
voted—Thomas W. O'Neill, at page 327, and
Thomas O'Neill, at page 328.
Second. At page 37 it is said that Peter
■Campbell did not vote but was personated,
j This was a mistake. Mr. Campbell was called,
: (page 328.) and proved it: and another, John
| Bayne, lived with his mother. (page 90 ;) atpage
i 90 James Armstrong says, upon hearsay, that
i William Russell died in July. This was a mis-
I take ; at page 428 it is shown that he was alive,
j and it is not, probable that his daughter told
i Mr. Armstrong, as he sins she did, that her
1 father was dead.
Frederick Wagner voted (page 88) on a pro m-
ise to show his papers afterward, which he did,
(pages 37 and 45.) •
Josiah Smith voted (page 41) and confessed
to voting also in the seventh division of the
nineteenth ward, (page 133,) but his vote in the
seventeenth ward was legal.
Mr. Mously (page 43) names three' persons
who voted on age,. William .McCluskey, Francis
Brady,and Michael Collins. Tworemarksapply
to this testimony: first, Brady and Collins were
not assessed; they voted on age, and therefore
these two names would appear twice on the list
of voters; the two who were assessed and the
two who were not, (page 37 ;) second, Francis
Brady and Michael Collins were both exam-
ined as witnesses, (page 327.)
William Boyle was said not to be a resident,
(page 88,) but the witness called to prove that
fact testified on cross-examination that he re-
sided with his half brother in the division.
James McKee is not affected by the testi-
mony at page 89.
Stewart Mc Michael assailed five names,
asserting (pages 95-6) that none of them voted,
although in his cross-examination he says that
he was only at the polls between seven and
eight o'clock a. m., and that he did not see
any of them on that day. The persons named
could have been produced, but were not", and
much of the witness's testimony was hearsay.
It is enough to say that if the persons named
did vote or did not vote, but were personated,
it is not shown for whom the votes were cast.
At page 134 an'attack was made upon the
vote of Timothy Sheehan, but the witness hav-
ing testified that to the best of his knowledge
the afores*aid Sheehan was a Republican, the
investigation of his right to vote ended there
and was not resumed.
Mr. Yerkes was offered to prove that three
persons had removed from his house prior to
the election ; he proved that fact in relation to
William Crompton and Thomas Levpins, but
does not say that they removed outside of the
division. As to the third name, Charles Mc-
Clusker, he proves that his residence in the
division was not lost uutil one week after the
election. It does not appear for whom either
of these persons voted.
Mr. Fox proves (page lfil) that George
Gladding was working at Wilmington; that
his family resided in the division, but moved
before the election : that he saw his wife every
day. The wife was not called, nor was it
shown, if this man was really personated, or
if another man of the same name voted, for
whom the vote was cast.
At pages 205 and 207 it appears that a Jolm
Mcfiuigan and a Patrick Glacken had removed
before election day, but there might have been
! a duplicate of either or both of these names
in the division, and it was not proved how the
actual voters voted. The same remarks apply
to the name of Joseph Cassidy (page 208) and
James or George Cavenaugh, (page 216.) The
witness last referred to says that he saw one
man vote two or three times, three times he
was certain, but who he-voted for, or what
took place when he offeied to vote, or why the
witness did not object, nor any body else, is
left unexplained, as all incredible statements
are.
Next, the evidence offered to show how
many persons voted for Mr. Myers is a failure.
Instead of pro-ving that 85 votes were cast for
him. the number is only 11, and of these, one
Dougherty (page 59) says he could not say who
he voted for ; another, Fisher, (page t>3.) says
he did not know who he voted for: another,
Bhesog, (page 59.) says, to the bestof his knowl-
edge ; another, Yv'ard, (page 80,) says, I j''?v
pose; another. Fox, (page 88,"i says he voted the
Republican ticket: another, Kessier. ujage89,)
says the same: another, Thomas Armstrong,
is dead, and it is said he was a Republican ; and
another. McPherson, (page 175,) says, to the
best of his knowledge, and that he did not open
his ticket. Add to this uncertain description
, of testimony the fact- th-at in counting the votes
' there were two slips over Mr. Myers's name
