1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69i
In every election district wherein the Repub-
licans had the majority, let me say to you that
in every instance riot prevailed. But in no
instance was rioting prevalent in any Demo-
cratic division in the district. In fact, the
contest in the district at the late election was
be!ween a retired, private, unassuming indi-
vidual, brought out from the shades of private
iil'e, and a professional politician. In a word,
it was. a contest of the people against the poli-
ticians, and the people won. As regards the
allegations of fraud in the sixth and seventh
divisions of the seventeenth ward, upon which
great stress has been laid, let me say that many
of the men who are named in the majority
report as not being upon the assessor's lists I
have known from my childhood; they lived in i
the district on the 13th day of last October, and j
they live there to-day. >
[ will make only a single remark in conclu-
sion This House may deprive the majority
of the honest electors of my district of the
right of being represented on this floor by the
man of their choice. Although I may not
have the ability possessed by many other gen-
tlemen here, I believe—'and I say this without
any spirit of egotism—that I would represent
my people trulj', fearlessly, and honestly.
When I accepted the nomination for this posi-
tion it was the first time in my life that I had
accepted a public position of any profit. And
I had made up my mind never again to be a
candidate for any political office. But in con-
sequence of the action which this House is
about to take, returning me to the people of
my district, those people will, I assert, send
me back here, not by 127 majority, but by a
majority of hundreds.
Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, it is not my
intention to go into the details of this case, or
to attempt any elaborate discussion of the sub-
ject. I made yesterday an ineffectual appeal
against taking up this ease in the absence of
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall ; j but, sir,
if before making that appeal I had noticed an
article in yesterday's issue of a city paper
which is under the control of the dominant
party, I would not have made the appeal ; for
I would have known that nothing but failure
would mark the result.
In the Washington Chronicle of yesterday
I find an article headed "Another reason
against adjournment," which article urges this
House to reconsider its assumed action on the
subject of adjournment, not only for general
reasons, but for the specific purpose of decid-
ing in favor of the contestant, the Myers vs.
Moffet contested-election case from the city
of Philadelphia. And what is the announced
necessity for ending this particular case so sam-
niarily? It is for the purpose of securing a
particular result in a contest now pending, it
seems, among the city officials in the city of
Philadelphia. In the article to which I have
referred this language occurs :
"Among a hundred other reasons why Congress
should not he in a hurrv to adjourn is the necessity
tor settling thoseveraloontcstod-olection cases pend-
ing belore the House. Among these, that of Hon.
Leon.ad Myers, who claims and has the right to
the -. sit ot the sitting Democratic member for the
third Pennsylvania district, deserves special consid-
eration. The frauds upon which ho bases lnsdemand
have been proved by a solemn vote of the senate
of Pennsylvania displacing the Democratic; juase.
(ireenbonk, (who pot the certificate on these frauds,;
II 11(1 giving his office to Hon. M. Russell Thayer, the
lteuubliean candidate. If Congress vindicates Mr.
Jive-,-- mo-t of the Republican candidates for city
office.-in Philadelphia, who were cheated m October
1.1-1, and ai e now pushing their investigation before
the cm: K will get their places, and Philadclphiabc
\ed from the rule of the party ot the mob. I his
et nb-ne j-hould induce Congress to extend the
t-esv.on.''
iiet ab'ne should induce
Immediate action on this ease is thus urged
upon the majority on this floor, not because
Hieic is any greater necessity for deciding this
va«e, in itself considered, than any other case
now pending, but because it is held that the
ipsuit of the decision here, upon the assump-
tion that this is the highest tribunal to pass
upon the regularity of elections, will liiliuence
iimi 'itfe'-.t the. scramble for the crumbs ol office
going on at the present time in the City of
Brotherly Love.
It has been said by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stbveksox] that this is a case of fraud ;
yet before he gets through eliminating the
fraud which he says characterizes this case he
brings it directly within the same category in
which he has heretofore placed the cases from
Louisiana and South Carolina, and again he
begins to cry out "Violence, warfare, blood-
shed!" Why, sir, under the reign of radicalism
as administered in rectot cases it is impossible,
by the showing of the party themselves, to have
an election oven in the City of Brotherly Love
without violation of law and a mobocratic spirit
controlling, as they charge, the election. Why,
sir, by such a showing where is there not war?
It reminds me of an incident which happened
not long ago in this city. A very prominent
military gentleman of the ruling political party,
one well worthy of a seat on this floor, was
approached by a gentleman who formerly lived
in my congressional district in the State of
Illinois, but who now is a resident, or at least
a temporary inhabitant, of the city of New
Orleans. He was an applicant for office.
Approaching the gentleman of whom I am
spealsing, he said: "General, I must have an
office. 1 have been down to New Orleans on a
sort of political-missionary trip, and you have
no idea'of the trouble going on there." He
rehearsed all his trials in New Orleans. The
gentleman listened to him patiently, and finally
looking at him said : " My (jod, Charley, why
do you not leave New Orleans and go out
among the Comanches, where you can have
peace?" [Laughter.]
That illustrates the course taken in this and
preceding cases of contested election. When
no other pretense will answer, when all other
suggestions fail, when there is no other show
to support the proposed action of the majority
of the committee, then they resort to this one |
potential cry of violence, fraud, war, eorrup- j
tion, and bloodshed, and overslaugh all the 1
returns and all the official records. They pro-
mulgate a decision registered it may be in just
such public journals as this, decided may be in
caucus consultation of the majority members,
but certainly registered here, decisions against
which the people in advance have protested in
a firm and decided tone, but in no case on a
fair showing, I am assured, have they proved ^
fraud or violence against the sitting member :
from the third congressional district of the j
State of Pennsylvania. !
But it has been suggested that another gen- j
tleman wishes to be heard on this question. :
Protesting against the refusal of full discussion j
in this case, in which there is such voluminous j
evidence, I will now yield the floor to the gen- ;
tleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, where i3 all ;
this to end ? Where will this spirit of audacity |
go? Yesterday you forced into this House
by your own election, not by the voice of the
people of South Carolina, white or black, a
so-called Representative 3.000 votes in the
minority; and yesterday again in defiance of
the people, white and black, you forced into
■ this House as the Representative of the people
■ | of Louisiana a man 9,000 in the minority.
J Where, I repeat, is all this force and violence
to go?' I expected nothing else from an Elec-
I tion Committee so constituted as this was. out 1
!j of nine members six of them being from States
li from which there were contested elections, ;
;l with only two Democrats. I say it, and T am j
, sorry to say it, and to see that the Speaker is 1
ji not in the eliair to hear me say if, that it was
j: the most unfair, the most outrageous, the most ,
H unjust organization ot the Committee of Elee- i
' tions which I ever knew m the parliamentary ■
history of this country, or any other country
whatever. Some of these gentlemen who are
II not from States from which contested-election
: eases have come have exhibited a spirit of
[ fairness and justness in the decision at which
they have arrived; but there are others miac-
ij customed to parliamentary courtesy of debate,
'■ I will not say ignorant ot the manners ot gen
tlemen, for that would not be courteous and
parliamentary within the walls of this House,
but ignorant of the rules which regulate elec-
tion contests, who have refused the barest
opportunity for discussion on the most import-
ant cases, and who have thought by the reso-
nance of their voices, by t.he obstreperousness
of their clamor to have been especially selected,
not only to do injustice to the minority, but to
drown the clamor of justice which might come
from the minority of the House. Tell us if
the House is to be constituted in this way, tell
us before an election is to be taken how much
the minority is to be allowed on the floor of
this House, and then we shall know what to
do before an election occurs.
Sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.
Moffet) tells you—I told you the same six
years before on the floor of this House—that
if you commit injustice and outrage upon the
people who have the right to be represented
here he will comeback—come back as the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhbes] came
back—come back as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Morgan] came back, with increased ma-
jority.
In addition to that, you have allowed no
opportunity for fair discussion : and whileyou
take in one Representative from Louisiana,
representing nobody, with no constituency what-
ever to represent upon the floor of this House,
you exclude two men from the same State, one
elected by 13.000 and the other by over 9,000
majority. This morning you took in three
Representatives from the State of Connecticut,
with not even a regular certificate of election.
Against this injustice I enter my protest, not,
expecting it will be heard here, tor truth and
justice arc seldom heard in an election contest
upon the floor of this House. But to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.P_i.lXE,] the chair-
man of that committee, whom 1 have ever found
to be an honorable ui;in in all these things, I
appeal, and 1 ask him hereafter to give espe-
cial atiention to this subject, and to do °nuity
and justice to the minority in this House.
The party in the majority has nothing what-
soever to lose by justice and equity. The Dem-
ocratic majority in my district was increased
by from five to ten thousand in consequence of
the injustice to me in depriving me of a seat
in this House. In what might have been a
doubtful district m Ohio and in what was a
doubtful district, in Kentucky your Representa-
tives were sent back here by decreased majori-
ties. Whenever you perpetrate that injustice
or outrage, upon the people they will avenge
the wrong, because the hearts of the people
' are tight and they will not be tiampled upon
i or misrepresented upon this floor—i will not
! say by outrageous decisions, for the majority
j will not even huti; at the documents which are
\ prepared Vtelore them : but I will say by acs
which outrage equity and do injustice to the
great body of the people. You have your two
thirds upon the floor of this House ; why are
vou not content with it? We elected over sev-
enty members by the popular vote; by your
action in regard to Missouri, Tennessee, Louis-
iana, and elsewhere you have reduced us below
fifty at the most. Why trample upon us at all
times? Consider us as oppressed and down-
trodden, but, iu the name of God, giveus liberty
of speech and of discussion. Do not stifle us
i as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
i Cessna]"did the other day, by using an arbi-
' trary rule of the House, not even allowing a
word of' discussion on our side—"strike hut
hear." Give us a fair opportunity, not alone
for declamation, but lor a proper examination
of the cases that are presented before the
House. , ,
,1 Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, thegen-
; tlemen have two or three minutes lett, if they
choose to use u on any subject whatever, the
! Mvers case or anything else.
"Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman agreed
■ with mo that he would allow me to enter my
motion. „ , . ,
'' Mr. STEVENSON. At the end of the de-
li i^te I will do
'te tn-st:
