1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
cm
honest, election conducted also the election in
the same district in November; and -what did
they do then? In November, in one of the
precincts, the Democratic inspectors and
clerks, after receiving more votes than there
were names on the assessor's list, taking
as many as 25 voters at a time in several in-
stances—119 in one hour—added 54 names to
the iist in alphabetical order, and then counted
up 88 more. [Laughter.]
I hat was in the district we are trying. But
"what happened in November in the district
represented by my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr.^ Randall,] the champion of the other
side in tins case? In the fourth ward of the
gentleman's district the whole vote in Octobcr
was 1,767, and the vote in November was 8,304,
the increase from October to November being
1.597. How many ships arrived from the good
Kmerald Isle in the interval no man knows.
The return judges threw out the return from
that ward upon the suggestion of a judge of i
one of the courts of Phiiadefphia, who said I
that as the return judges were ministerial offi- j
cers he could not advise them, but for himself, <
if he were in their place, nothing except a power j
superior to his own would compel him to count j
such a return. If there were nothing more in !
the case than these facts they would be enough
to throw suspicion all over it.
What 1 said in the beginning I repeat. This
is a case of fraud—bold, daring fraud, with
scarcely an attempt at concealment; and all
the ability on the other side of this House can-
not cover it up. It will out. We have, as
I have said, determined in a previous case the
question whether force and bloodshed shall
rule on this floor. We are now to determine
whether fraud shall rule here. Fraud has pre-
vailed at the North; force at the South. I
rejoice that the reign of force in the South is
over. I rejoice that the South has surrendered,
both in its own behalf and through its semi-del-
egated representatives. Yesterday the grand-
est vote of confidence ever given by the Rep-
resentatives of a free people to a Chief Magis-
trate was given in this House. The Opposition ■
magnanimously joined with us by surrendering
the remnants of crushed and shattered rebel-
lion. The reign of force, I trust, is over in
the South. I hope and believe that hereafter j
we shall have there free election everywhere, i
In the North I waut pure elections ; and I j
want this House now to say that fraud shall j
no more prevail in the North than force in the i
South. 1 call for the voie. j
Mr. MORGAN, Will my colleague [Mr. 1
Stevexsox] allow me to ask him a question?
Several Members. t*Vote!M "Vote!"
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been ordered, and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Steven-son-] now demands a vote.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit that according
to the agreement I am now entitled to offer as
a substitute the resolution of the minority of
the committee. i
Mr. STEVENSON. I am willing that that j
shall be done if the House will consent; 1 j
hope there will be no objection. I
Mr. RANDALL. I offer, as a substitute for j
the resolution reported by the majority of the ;
Committee of Elections, the following; '
R'-zolvod, That the evidence docs not warrant the 1
displacement of John Moffct trom the seat now
occuiju'd by him in this liouse, and that he is enti- i
tied to the same, and that the Committee of Elec- 1
tions h* relieved from the further consideration of j
the subject. I
Mr. MORGAN. Does my colleague [Mr. i
j yield to me for a question? :
Mr. STEVENSON. I'do. not, without the ;
consent of the House
The SPEAKER. The gentleman declines j
to yield. i
Ihe question was taken ; and it was decided ;
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 112, not voting ;
49 ; hk follows ; |
YEAS—Messrs. AtUm*, Archer. Bec\, Bias's, Bird,
Brooks Bun. Cleveland, (Vebs, Dickinson, E'dridge,
Get?, GolUday, Greene, Gnswold, Uami 11, Boirnan,
Thorn a* L Kerr, Knot t. Mayhiun, Metoruuck,
JVLAot-'Jv, Mojdin, N,b'-u*k, Potter, Knndatl, Head-
ing, Retvess Sloemn, Stone, Swoeney, Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, nnd Woodward—40.
NAYS5-~Me&srp. Ambler, Ames. Armstrong. Araell,
Asper, Banks, Beaiaan, Beatty, Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boles, Boyd. BuiSnton. Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Cake. Cess-
na, Churchill, Araasa, Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Conger
Culloin, Dawes, Dickev, Dixon. Donlov, Duval, £la,
Farnswortb, Ferriss, Finkeinburg. Fitch, Garfield,
Gilfillan, Hale, Ilawley. Heaton. Hill, Hoar. Iioge,
Hooper, Hopkins, Hofehkiss. lugersofl, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ketchain, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence,
.Loughridse, Lvneh. Maynard. McCarthy, MeGrew,
Mereur, Jesse H. Moore, William Moore. Daniel J.
Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Negley, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy, Prosper, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
fc'cofield. Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worth-
mgton C. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stokes. Stoui?hton, Strong, Taffe, Townsend, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Van Horn. Ward, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whittemore, Wilkinson. Willard. Willams, John T.
Wilson, Wmans, and Witeher—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Axtell, Bailey,
Benjamin, Bowcn, Calkin, Clarke, Clinton L. Cobb,
Cowles, Davis, Deweese, Dockery, Dyer, Ferry,
Fisher, Fox, Hftight, Haldeman, Hambleton, Ham-
ikon, Hawkins, Hay, Hoag. Johnson, Locran, Mar-
shall, McCrary, Moffet,iSliakim H. Moore, Morrissey,
Mungen, Feters, Rice, Rogers, Sehonelc, Sehuraaker,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith. William
J. Smith, Wiliiam Smyth, Stiles, Strader, Strickland,'
Swann, Tanner, Tillman, Upson, and Wood—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the following
resolution :
Resolved, That John Moffefc is not entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative from the third
congressional district of Pennsylvania to the Forty-
First Congress.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 39, not voting
55 ; as follows:
YEAS—Me?srd. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Afper,
Banks, Beaman. Bennett. Benton, Bingham, Blair,
Boles, Bovren. Boyd, Buffinton. Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Conger, Cullom, Dawes, Deweese, Dickey,
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Fmkelnburg, Fitch, Gil&lian, Hale, Ilawley. Hay,
Heaton, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hopkins, Hoteh-
kiss, Ingersoll, Jenoke^, Judd, Julian. Kellev, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lough-
ridge, Maynard, McCarthy, MtGrew, Mercur, Jesse
H. Mooie, William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Sam-
uel P. Morrill, O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Packer,
Paine, Palmer, Pnelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser,
Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Sconeld, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith. Stevens. Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman. Townsend, Twich-
ell, Tynei, Upson, Van Horn, Ward, Cadwalader C.
Washbum,William P,. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whittemore, Wijkinson, Willard, John T.Wilson,
an d W i t c h e r—1UT.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Beck, Bigsrs, Bird,
Brooks, Bui r, Cleveland. Orebs, Dickinson, Eidridse,
G-tz, GolLtday, Greene, Griswold, Holman, Thomas
L. Jones, Kerr, Knott. Mayham. McCormick, Mc-
Neely, Morgan, Nihlaek, Potter. Randall, Reading,
Reeves, Slocum, Stone, Sweenev, Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Tiump, Yoovhee*, WelK Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Aruell, Axtell,
Bailey, Beatty, Benjamin, Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cowles,
Davis, Dockery, Dyer, Ferry, Fisher, Fox, Garfield,
Ifnisht, Haldemau, Hambleton, HamtU, Hamilton,
Hawkins, Hoag, Johnson. Alexander H. Jones, Law-
rence, Logan. Lynch. Marshall. McCrary, MofFet,
Eliakim H. Moore, Morrissev, Mungen, Negley,
Peters, Rice, Rogers, Schenck, Schumaker, Lionel C.
Sheldon, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Strader, Strickland,
Swann, Williams, Wmans, and Wood—55.
So the resolution was adopted.
The question next recurred on the following
resolution:
Resolved, Thnt Leonard Myers is entitled to a seat
in this House :is a Iiovrc-.'iu.'mve fiom the third
congressional district of Pennsylvania to the Forty-
First Congress.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113. nays 38* not voting
49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper. Banks, lieaman, Beiuon, Bingham, Biair,
Boles. Bowcn, B >yd, Buliinton, Burdett, Beijamin
F. Butler, Roderick R Bnth'r, Cake, Oe-^na, Chuicb -
ill, Aninsft Cobb, Cobuin, (V. >rvi\ Cuihmi, D.twes,
Dickey,Dixotij Doiiiei, LHiwtt. Faiur-vouh, Ferriss,
""itch, Unit\ li.iwluns. 11.kj, Jl-sy. lii'at.in, Hill,
ar. Hoge, Uooper. Hopkiu?, Ingersoll. Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lasfe, Law-
rencc, Logan, Loughridgc, Lynch, Maynard, McCar-
thy, MeGrew, Mereur. Jesse H. Moore, William
Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel Morriii, Nfegley.
O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, JPaloier,
Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Porter Sheldon, John A. Smith, WorthTngton
C. bmita, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stakes,
Btonghton, Strons, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Town-
send, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horo, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Wnshbarn, William B. Washburn.
Wchier, Wheeler, Whittemore, Wilkinson, Willnrd,
John 'X.Wilson.WiDans, and Witeher—11S.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Beck, Biggs, Bii a, Brooks,
Burr, Cleveland, Crebs, Dieliinsori, Eldridge, 8et4,
j Golladay, Griswold, Hamill, IJolman, Thomas L.
i Jones, Kerr, Knott, Mayham, McNeely, Niblack,
i Fotter, Ryndall, Reading, Reeves, Rice, Slocum,
I ®,t;onc' Swann, SweeTiey, Trimble, Van Auksn, Van
j Trump, Voorhees. Wells. Eugene M. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Woodward—38.
1 VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Axtell,
j Bailey, Beattv, Benjamin, Bennett, Calkin, Clarke,
Clinton L, Oobb. Cook, Cowles, Davis, I)eweese,
, Dockery, Dyer, _ Ela, .Ferry, Fmkelnburg, I'isher,
; Fox, Garfield, Gilfillan, Greene, Ilaight, Haldeman,
, Hambleton, Hamilton. Hoag, Hotchkiss, Johnson,
i Marshall. McCormick, McCrary, Eliakim H. Moore,
, Morgan, Morrissey,Mungen.Peters,Roger3,Sehenek,
Schnmaker, Joseph S. Smith, William J. Smith,
William Smyth, Ptiles, Strader, Strickland, ilna
W ood—lit.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsfider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Myers then appeared and took the oath
prescribed by law.
Mr. PAINE. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That there be paid to John Moffefc out of
the contingent fuad of the House the sum of 31,800,
in full fur expenses incurred m the eontestod-eleetion
case from the third congressional district of Pennsyl-
■ vania.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I object.
Mr. PAINE. I move to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof;) and the resolution was then
; agreed to.
| Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
| which the resolution was adopted : and also
; moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
I the table.
! The latter motion was agreed to.
! MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
! A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
i' its Secretary, announced that that body had
I; agreed to the report of the committee of cou-
j: lerenee on the resolution (S. No. 19) enabling
I actual settlers to purchase certain lands of the
|; Great and Little Osage Indians.
|i The message farther announced that the
ji Senate had passed the bill of the House (H.
!; K. No. 405) authorizing the submission of
| the constitutions of Virginia, Mississippi, and
i. Texas to a vote of the people, and authorizing
ii the election of State officers provided by the
!' said constitutions and members of Congress,
!i with amendments; in which the concurrence of
! the House was requested.
j! SECURITY OP LIVES ON STEAM VESSELS.
ii Mr. DIXON, by unanimous consent, from
!i the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(H. K. No. 417) to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be recommitted and printed,
j! Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
j; vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
i also moved that the motion t.o reconsider be
laid on the table.
j' The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL 01' DIBABIMTIKS.
■; Mr. WHITTEMORE; from the Committee
j: on Reconstruction, reported hack a bill (H.
' R. No. Sol) to relieve certain persons therein
' named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution, and for omer purposes.
'■! Mr. DAWES, Will the gentleman allow
ii me to offer a resolution?
