THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I will, if it does not
lead to debate.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. ARNELL. I desire to ask the Chair
haw this bill is before the House ?
The -SPEAKER. It is reported from the
Committee on Reconstruction, which is author-
ized to report at any time.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I desire to say that
the names contained in this bill were contained
in the two bills that passed the House last ses-
sion and that went to the Senate, where some
additions were made, and but for the interpo-
lation of certain names in the Senate those
bills would have become laws. These names
have all been carefully examined—the papers
are here before me—and most of the persons
are highly recommended. There may be some
doubt in regard to the names from Kentucky,
b\jt they were before the House in the Fortieth
Congress and were discussed here, and after
discussion were inserted. Unless there is objec-
tion to the bill I call the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope the previous ques-
tion will not be insisted upon.
Mr. FERRISS. Will the gentleman yield
me five minutes?
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman answer a
question?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. What is it?
Mr. WARD. I want to know if there are
any names in the bill from the State of Ken-
tucky ?
Mr; WHITTEMORE. There are some
names, as I have stated, from Kentucky, which
were in the bill that passed the House last
session.
Mr. W"ARD. About what number?
Mr. WHITTEMORE. About thirty.
Mr. BECK. Twenty-eight.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. My colleague [Mr.
Beck] lias the papers of all those persons, and
will be able to explain in regard to them if any
explanation is demanded.
Mr. BECK. I do not desire to do it.
Mr. WARD. I desire to say that some time
ago I received 
Mr. BOYD. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. WARD. I guess not. I desire to know
whether iny colleague will yield to me, or
whether he declines to do so ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina yield or not?
' Mr. WHITTEMORE. I call the previous
question.
The qnestkm was put on seconding the pre-
vious question ; and there were—ayes 56,
noes 45.
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Whittemore
arid Mr. Ward were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—-ayes seventy-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the operation thereof the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
message ib03i tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed the bill (H. R. No. 124) to declare
and fix the status of judge advocates in the
Army, with amendments; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. I now move to sus-
pend all the rules and put the bill upon its
passage.
Mr. ARNELL. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to ask for the reading of the bill, if it
is in order.
The SPEAKER, ft is not in order pending
the motion to suspend the rules.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and there were—ayes 80,
noes 43.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
"Mr. WINANS. If this motion is carried,
does it pass the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the bill been read at all?
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules so as to pass the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. So as even to suspend, the
reading of the bill?
TheSPEAKER. Ofcourse; it is onlyunder
the rules that the bill is read.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the country to under-
stand our mode of doing business.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 97, nays 57, not voting 47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames, Archer,
Asper, Axtell, Batiks, Beaman, Beek,_ Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bird, Blair, Bowen, Burr, Roderick R. Butler.
Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Churchill, Cleveland, Clinton
Ii. Cobb, Cook, Crebs, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, De-
weese, Dickinson, Dockery, Ela, Farnsworth, Fitch,
Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Hale, Hamill, Heaton, Ilol-
man,Hooper, Jenekes, Alexander 11. Jones, Thomas
L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, KeoW,
Lufiin, Lash, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy,
McOormick, McNeely, Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Niblack, O'Neill. Paine, Poland, Potter, Ran-
dall, Reading, Beeves, Rogers, Roots, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Sohenck, Slocum, Worthiugton C.Smith, Stokes,
Stone, Strong, Svvann, Sweeney, Tillman, Trimble,
Twicliell, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Wclker, Wells. Wliittemore, Willard, Eugene
M. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Winchester, and Wood-
ward—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Arnell.Boyd, Brooks,
Buffinton, Burdett, Clarke, Ainasa Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Dickey, Dixon, Donley, Duval, Feriiss,
Ferry, Finkelnburg, Hawkins, Hawley, Hoar, Hoge,
Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Julian. Kelsey, Kr,app, Logan,
Loughridge, Mayna.rd, McCrary, McGrew, Mercur,
Jesse H. Moore, Negley, Oith, Packard, Palmer,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Prosser, Seofield, Porter Sheldon,
William J. Smith, Stevens. Stevenson, Stoughton,
Taffe, Tanner, Xownsend, Tyner, Van Horn, Ward,
Wheeler, Wilkinson, Williams, Winans.and Witch-
er—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Bailey, Beattv,
Benjamin, Bennett, Benton, Boles, Benjamin P.
Butter, Cowles, Dyer, Eldridge, Fisher, Fox, Gilfil-
lan, Greene, Griswold. Haight, Hakleman, Hsnnble-
ton, Hamilton, Hay, Hill, Hoag, XngersoJi, Johnson,
Jndd, Lawrencc, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrisscy. Mungen, Packer, Pe-
ters, Rice, Sanford, Schumaker, Shanks. Lionel A.
Sheldon, John A. ijmith, Joseph S. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stiles, Strader, Strickland,
and Wood—47.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll call,
Mr. VAN i'RUMP said : I wish to say that
this is my last affirmative vote on a bill of this
character, but for special reasonslvote "ay."
Mr. POTTER said: For the reasons referred
to by the gentleman from Indiana I vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
few words in regard to this bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
was seconded and the main question ordered
on the third reading of the bill. The gentle-
man from South Carolina then moved to sus-
pend the rules so as to pass the bill. That
motion failed, two thirds not voting in the
affirmative. The bill is now open to debate,
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
wobth] was recognized, and is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose after a
few remarks to call the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentlemen
who are opposed to the bill will at least have
an opportunity to state the grounds of their
opposition. They have as yet had no such
opportunity.
Mr. WARD. Is it in order to have the bill
read ? We have not heard it read yet.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had the
floor he could call for the reading.
Mr. WARD. As soon as I can I shall ask
that the bill be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Kansas [Mr. Clarke] desires me to yield to
him for some purpose.
Mr. CLARKE. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred a Senate joint
resolution in reference to the appointment of
guardians and trustees for minor Indian chil-
dren, have examined the bill, approve it, and
instruct me to report it to the House with a
recommendation that it do pas3.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield to the
gentleman if his bill leads to no debate.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
An act (S. R. No. 34) authorizing the Commissioner
of Indian Attairs to appointguardians or trusteesfor
minoi Indian children who may be entitled to pen-
sions or bounties umler existing laws.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke]
to report this joint resolution for action at this
time?
Mr. BEAMAN. I object. _
Mr. CLARKE. The committee were author-
ized to report this at any time.
The SPEAKER. At any time when there
is no other business before the House. But
that does not give the gentleman the right to
report it while another gentleman is upon the
floor on another question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House providing for submitting the con-
stitutions of Mississippi, Virginia, and Texas
to a vote of the people of those States. I de-
sire to move a concurrence in the amendments
of the Senate.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move that the rules be suspended for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] yield to allow that
motion to be made?
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I will not
yield now for that purpose.
Mr. WARD. Is it not in order when a bill
is presented to the House to demand the read-
iug of the bill ? And if it is in order to demand
; the reading, and the reading is demanded,* is
, it in order to proceed with the debate until the
bill is read ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to have the bill read before he is called upon
to vote on it. But he is not entitled to have
it read while a member is on the floor to
debate it.
Mr. FARNSWTORTH. I propose now to say
what I have to say on this subject, and have it
ended. I deem this bill very nearly as import-
ant as any bill now pending before Congress.
It concerns the people of a number of the States
of this Union, whose Representatives upon this
floor have been beseeching the members of the
Committee on Reconstruction to take action
upon it. Nearly all the names embraced in this
bill were passed upon favorably by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction in the last House,
were passed by the House of Representatives,
and were also passed by the Senate ; but when
they passed the Senate that body added other
names, which other names are not now in this
bill. The names thus added by the Senate caused
the defeat of the bill in the last days of the last
session of Congress. The names in the bill now
before the House have passed the two Houses
of Congress after having been favorably acted
upoti by the Committee on Reconstruction of
the House and the Committee on the Judieiary
of the Senate. They have now been the sec-
ond time investigated by a sub-committee of
the Committee on Reconstruction, the name
of each individual by itself, and the report of
that sub-committee has been investigated by
the Committee on Reconstruction. The names
that have been thus-carefully scanned are now
presented to the House for its action.
Gentlemen are frightened because there are
a great many names in this bill. I beg to ask
gentlemen what proportion of the citizens of
the United States are included in this bill?
They are frightened because there are thirty
names of Kentucky citizens in this bill. I am
mistaken ; there are but twenty-eight from
Kentucky. Now, what proportion is twenty-
eight of all the rebels in Kentucky ? The Com-
mittee on Reconstruction have selected twenty-
eight men from Kentucky who have petitioned
