1869.
THE COiNUKESSlOiNAL GLOBE.
Cor relief, and whose relief has been recom- I
mended by such men as James Speed, of Ken-
tucky, and other well-known leading Repub- |
licans of that State. They have come to us I
or have written to us saying that relief should j
be granted to these men. We have put their j
names in this bill. Ana gentlemen are fright- ;
c-ned because the names of twenty-eight men j
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky are in this j
bill, aud they are afraid the country will go !
to ruin if these few poor fellows are relieved.
Take the names from the State of North 1
Carolina. They are recommended by the entire !
Kepublican delegation from that State on this '
Hoor, by Governor Holden, and by the entire
Kepublican committee of that State. One I'
fourth of all the names in this bill are from j
North Carolina alone. One of them called i
upon me to-day and stated that his name was j
now before the Senate, he having been recently 1
appointed by the President au assessor for |
North Carolina. But he cannot qualify for !
t he office because he was a justice of the peace ,
before the rebellion, held the office a short |
time during the war, and as such officer mar- |
ried a few couples. The man never dreamed ;
that by this act he was rendering himself dis- >
(qualified. He took no oath to support any j
rebel government. He voted against secession
and opposed it all the way through. Yet he
is disqualified from holding office. Why should
not gentlemen on this floor be willing to vote
to relieve such a man, a man who is just as
good a Republican as my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from New York,
[ Mr. Ward.] If my colleague had lived in :|
North Carolina and, holding the office of jus- j
tice of the peace before aud during the war, j
had married a couple while the rebellion was |
goingon, would he not think it exceedingly hard
that he should incur a disqualification thereby? j
Why, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen do not distm- j
guish between men who engaged heartily in the !
rebellion and men who never did anything i
countenancing the rebellion except simply hold- j
ing an insignificant local office. !
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 have already stated j
that I decline to yield at present. !
Mr. WARD. I think that my colleague on j
the committee will not object to the question ;
which I desire to put. 1 want to ask him ,
whether he will yield to me that I may make a :
motion to strike out certain names embraced
in this bill, so that we may have a distinct vote
upon those names?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir: I have no
right to do that.
Mr. WARD. Then will the gentleman per-
mit me to make some remarks upon this bill
before he demands the previous question ?
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. I decline to yield at
present.
Mr. WARD. Is the gentleman afraid of
discussion ?
Mr. FARNSWTORTH. The House will con-
tru! as it pleases the question whether debate
shall continue or not. I propose to treat the
gentleman from New York with courtesy, and
I demand that he shall treat me in the same
\S\W.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman fi om Illinois
yield to me a moment?
' Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. I desire to know whether the
,'entleman from New \ ork [Mr. ^ ard] be-
lieves that he can state any personal objection
•o any of the men from Kentucky whose names
are embraced in this bill? If so, I hope lie will
iw> heard, lor 1 know he cannot state any sound
• )hj etimi to them.
Mr. WARD. I understand that these gen-
tlemen  ^ , • , 1 , ,1
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I do not yield to the
geiitlemmi.
Mr. WARD. I suppose that the gentleman
troni Illinois does not intend to yield for any
discussion upon this side.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr, Speaker,
■fiat matter will be within the control ot the
iloitsf after 1 shall have got through. 1 do
not understand that any member upon this
floor takes any exception to any particular men
from the State of Kentucky who are named in
this bill. I have not heard of any such objec-
tion.
Mr1. WARD. You give no opportunity for
any one to make such objections.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope my colleague
will be protected from interruption.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] must know that he is out
of order.
Mr. WARD. I beg pardon of the Chair;
but- 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is still out
of order. The gentleman from Illinois de-
clines to be interrupted, and the Chair must
protect him.
Mr. WARD. The Chair will allow me to
say that I understood the gentleman from Illi-
nois was referring to me, and I undertook to
answer his question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois had a perfect right to refer in a parlia-
mentary way to the gentleman from New York,
and the latter had no right to interrupt him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I was saying, I
am not aware that anybody takes exception to
any particular citizen of Kentucky who is
named in the bill. The only difficulty arises
from the fact that there has been circulated
through the House a little pamphlet signed by
a number of gentlemen of Kentucky, who pro-
test not against relief in any particular cases,
but generally against relieving anybody in that
State. Whether their arguments against re-
lieving anybody whatever are good, I leave the
House to judge. But when James Speed, of
Kentucky, recommends the relief of individ-
uals from that State, the committee regard such
a testimonial as at least of as high character as
any pamphlet that may be circulated about this
House. He writes to the committee, saying
A B or C D ought to be relieved ; that they
; are men of character; that they deserve this
' interposition of Congress; and when he so
writes we regard the appeal, coming from such
a source, as entitled to consideration.
Gentlemen do not distinguish between
those who engaged heartily in the rebellion and
those who became technically disqualified.
Gentlemen of the North do not make this dis-
tinction often enough. Gentlemen of the
North who were quietly occupying during the
war their own domiciles undisturbed by picket-
liring at night or by war all about them during
the day, living unmolested m their homes,
who were not afraid of having to leave by the
force of arms, do not seem to appreciate the
condition of the men in the South who were
compelled to become refugees from their
homes and families or to bow for the moment
to the storm. I am inclined to believe that
some of the gentlemen upon this floor who
express so much feeling against relieving these
men, had they, instead of living in the North,
lived in South Carolina or Virginia during
those times, they would have bowed much
lower to that storm than some of the gentle-
. men whose names are included in this bill. I
'I beg gentlemen of the House to appreciate this
difference between these men in the South and
li those who lived in the North. These men of
i| the South were obliged to become either refu-
1 gees, and have their property destroyed and
: perhaps tkeiffam ilies also, or they were obliged
, to give an apparent assent to the action of
their Stnte. .
When a man comes to us in the way pointed
out by the platform of the Chicago convention
and asks to be relieved are you going to
maintain that platform upon which you went
to the people, and which was so gloriousi.v
sustained at the ides of November, or are you
going back upon it ? I ask gentlemen when
these repentant rebels come here not to n'tuse
them that which the Chicago plauovm prom-
ised them.
Gentlemen seem unwilling to relieve any
one. They say that the men who have done
anything to disqaaliiy them si,ait not be re-
lieved. Why, then, was it that we adopted the
constitutional amendment in a form which
provides for the removal of disqualifications by
a two-thirds vote of Congress ? Why did you
not make the disqualification permanent, so
that no one could be relieved? Why did you
hold the word of promise to the ear and break
it to the hope ?
Mr. KELSEY. I ask the gentleman whether
he will let me move to strike out the name of
John M. Elliott, of Kentucky, who was form-
erly a member of this Congress, and who
during the rebellion became a member of the
confederate congress? WM1 the gentleman lei
rne make that motion
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know but
I will : but I do not know the fact that a man
was a member of Congre 3 here and after-
ward became a member of the confederate
congress is any reason why he should not be
relieved.
Mr. KELSEY. I admit that; but there are
some reasons why this man should not be
relieved.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my friend vote
for the bill if I allow him to move to strike
out that name?
Mr. KELSEY. I will not if there are auy
more in it of the same sort.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If a man was in this
Congress and afterward in the confederate
congress and repents I am in favor ol reliev-
ing him. We cannot possibly relieve any one
of disability if it becomes understood that we
will not vote to relieve any one unless ho votes
for the Republican ticket. Nearly all the men
whose disabilities have been removed have thus
far been Republicans. Occasionally there was
a Democrat. Of all those in this bill not more
than one twentieth part are Democrats.
Mr. BECK. Let me auswer the gentleman
j from New Y'ork in reference to the narne of
j John M. Elliott, which is included in this bill,
i The name of John M. Elliott passed the Sen-
i ate of the United States day before yesterday
j without a dissenting voice. He has been rec-
! ommended by a large majority of the mem-
i bers of tko Legislature of Kentucky. Repub-
j lican and Democrat, by all the judges of the
| court of appeals, by every member of his bar.
I Republican and Democratic, and by many
i leading Republicans in the State. Here are
! the papers, which the gentleman eon consult
i for himself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. ft is justni that way
' exceptions are made to names wnich have been
examined by the committee. During the last
night of the last Congress, when I was serving
' on a committee of conference and submitted a
. report to the House, and the bill contained the
name of Mr. Foote of Tennessee, which had
been nut in bv the Senate, it was asserted by <t
member of the House, earnestly and honestly
I doubt not, that he had taken testimony m his
' committee showing that Mr. i ooje had gloated
j over the sufferings of our starving prisoners at
. Andersonville. On that statement being made.
'! and that the gentleman bad the testimony it.
j, his custody. I stated that I would not a3k the
II House to adopt the reporr. The report ^
not adopted, and the hill was sent back
another committee of conference, who faiieci to
agree, and the bill failed. The other day thai
' gentleman haying discovered his mistake rott
in the Hou«e and corrected the record and
stated that he was entirely mistaken about Mr
J Foote—that it was not Foote at all about whom
' he had taken testimony, but it was Cobb. Cohl)
is dead—has been relieved by death—and s*.
- it is that gentlemen who think they are wiser
than the committee often find themselves mi,--
taken. Now, I beg of the House either to
determine that vou will not relieve anybody
from disabilities", or else appoint a committee
upon the subiect in which you have more cou-
th We than'vou have in the Committee on
Reconstruction. ify°" wi!1 not adopt our report
w hen we have made it with so mucn care as this.
Mr. Sneaker, 1 have said .thi&.muen because
regard'tins as a very important bill. Vv « have
assed no bill dnring the last session, and it ia
