THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
of the utmost importance to the reconstructed
States, and to the others, too, that, we should
do something in this direction. I now call the
previous question;
II#. MAYMARD. I hope the gentleman will
not do that nntil the other side is heard.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
69, noes 40.
Mr. ARNELL. I demand the yeas and nays
on ordering-the main question.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the bill may
be read;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has aright
to demand that. The Clerk will read the bill.
Mr. KEAMAN. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I shall call for the
reading of-the bill anyhow, if that motion is
made.
Mr. WINANS. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. INGjBRSOLL. I move that the House
now take a recess, to meet again at half past
seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. BROOKS. Say eight o'clock.
Mr. "INGERSOLL. Well, eight o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at five o'clock and live minutes p. m.) the
House took a reeess till eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
Tb? House reassembled pursuant to order
at eight o'clock p. m. ,
NfigSOLK AND ST. LOUIS RAILROAD.
iWELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced -'a bill (H. R. No. 418) authorizing -the
Norfolk, Louisville,'and St. Louis Railroad
Company to construct a railroad from Norfolk,
in the State of Virginia, via Louisville, in the
State of Kentucky, to St. Louis, in the State
of Missouri; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
-message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gokiiam,
it? Secretary, announced that that body had
passed without amendment a joint resolution
of the House (H. R. No. 48) granting right of
way for the construction of a railroad from a
point at or near Portland, Oregon, to a point
west of the Cascade mountains, in Washington
Territory^
The.message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 2.'iS) for the relief
of Rollin White ; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
PR0TKCT50M GE soldiers and TllBTll heirs.
Mr. L04JA.N. I ask consent to take up from,
the Speaker's table joint resolution of the Sen-
ate No. 58, for the protection of soldiers and
their heirs, fot the purpose of referring it to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with the
privilege of reporting upon it at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
put-it on its passage.
Mr. LOGAN. If the House will allow me
to offer' an amendment, I have no objection.
The provisions of this resolution were drafted
by myself, not the entire bill, but portions of
it. It -went to the Senate and they struck out
an important section.
No objection- being made the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time. It directs
the accounting officers of the Treasury and pay
department, who are "charged with the settle-
ment and payment of bounties due to soldiers
or their heirs, to pay or Cause to be paid the
sums found due to the soldiers or their heirs
in person, or by transmitting the amount to
them direct in a draft or drafts, payable to his,
her, or their order, or through the Freedmen's
Bureau or pension agent of the district where
he, she, or they may reside, and not to any
claim agent or upon any power of attorney,
transferror assignment whatever. The second
section provides -that the fees allowed by law
ta attorneys or agents shall be reserved by the
pay department or the pension agent and paid
to the agent or attorney when any such fees
are due for services rendered in procuring such
bounty or bounties, and not otherwise.
Mr. LOGAN. I now offer the following
amendment:
And be it further resolved. That the fees allowed by
law to attorneys or agents sliall be reserved by the
pay department aud said pension agents, and paid to
said agents or attorneys when any such fees are due
for services rendered for procuring such bounty or
bounties, and not otherwise.
That section was in the original joint res-
olution, but it was stiicken out in the Senate
to-day without being fairly considered, for the
joint resolution was passed very hurriedly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois if this joint resolution re-
lates to the semi-annual pensions drawn by
persons on the pension-rolls; and does it re-
quire that the pensions shall be paid to thein
in person by the pension agents ?
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no ; this joint resolu-
tion was introduced for the purpose of prevent-
ing what is called the swindling in bounty
claims by agents. They draw the pay and
stick it in their own pockets and never pay it
to the parties entitled to it. This joint reso-
lution requires the disbursing officers to pay it
direct to the persons, or send it through the
pension agent or Freedmen's Bureau in the
district, so that the claimants may not be de-
frauded. The amendment which I offer is a
section which was in the joint resolution as it
was submitted to the Senate. It provides that
where fees are due attorneys under the law
which we passed here some two years ago, allow-
ing them. five.dollars in each case where they
actually did service, those fees may be reserved
before the payment is sent from the paymas-
ter's department, on evidence that it is due.
Mr. MAYNARD. I highly approve of the
purpose of the joint resolution. My inquiry
was, if it related to the payments made to
invalid pensioners?
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, not at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman another slight amendment. It is to
insert after the word "or" and before thewords
''through the Freedmen's Bureau" these
words: " in the case of freedmen." Itwillbe
seen that the language of the joint resolution
would be construed to apply only to the col-
ored troops, and not to soldiers generally.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no ; the gentleman is
mistaken. The Freedmen's Bureau and the
pension agents are the mere agents through
whom the money is to be sent. They are the
agents in procuring the payments. The joint
resolution applies to the cases of all soldiers.
When their pay warrants are issued to them,
instead of being paid paid to claims agents
they are tobe paid directly to the persons them-
selves, or sent to them from the paymaster's
department through the Freedmen's Bureau or
the pension agent of the district where the party
resides.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to insert after the
word "or" the words ''in the case of freed-
men."
Mr. LOGAN". I have no particular objec-
tion to that, but I hope the gentleman will not
insist on it. If the Freedmen's Bureau is
abolished there will be nobody through whom
to pay the money in those States. It will have
to go through the pension agents, and if you
adopt this amendment it will debsfr them from
obtaining it through the pension agents. I
think the amendment is a bad one.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the section be read as
it would stand if amended as I suggest.
The section was read accordingly.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the section is right
without the amendment. I will not object very
strenuously to the amendment if the House
desire it, but I think it is not necessary. The
word "soldiers" applies to freedmen as well
as to white men ; it is a word of general appli-
cation. But if you put in the word "freed-
men'' it may be construed that they cannot be
paid' through any other agency than the Freed-
men's Bureau. The terms now employed in
this bill are general, so that these soldiers may
be paid through the Freedmen's Bureau, pen-
sion agents, or the Pension Bureau.
Mr." BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest that the bill be amended by inserting
the words " orgovernorsof national asylums."
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection ; I think
that amendment is a proper one.
Mr. DAWES. I would call the attention
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] to
the propriety of putting in an amendment
recognizing the agents of the State specially
appointed for the purpose. Many of the States
have agents here for the special purpose of
transacting this business for soldiers free of
cost. Massachusetts keeps her agents here,
and so do some other States.
Mr. LOGAN. Those agents are for the pur-
pose of getting the claims through. This bill
is for thepurpose of preveriting the payment of
the money to persons who may run off with it.
Mr. DAWES, That is all right enough.
But the State agents who are placed here by
the several States can take the money and re-
mit it to the parties free of expense.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to the
amendment, |>ut I do not think it is necessary.
I will move to amend the first section by insert-
ing after the words "Freedmen's Bureau" the
words "State agents specially appointed for
that purpose, and governors of national asy-
lums."
The amendment of Mr. Looas to the first
section was then adopted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Holman ; and it was not agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Logan, in the form
of an additional section, was then agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider he
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
ask leave to take from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House providing for submitting to a vote of the
people the constitutions of the States of Vir-
ginia, Mississippi, and Texas.
Mr. SAliGKNT. I call for the regular order
of business.
removal op disabilities.
The SPEAKER. When the House took a
reeess this afternoon the previous question had
been seconded upon the passage of the bill to
relieve certain persons therein named from
legal and political disabilities, which had been
reported with amendments from the Committee
on Reconstruction. LTpon ordering the main
question the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Aiixell] has called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—twelve in the
affirmative; not one fifth of those present.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KBLSEY called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were—thirteen in the affirmative ; not
one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered, and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
The tnain question was then ordered.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the bill be
read in fuil.
The bill was then read at length.
Mr. WARD and Mr. KELSEY called for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 97, nays 47, not voting 57; as fol-
lows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adorns, Allison, Archer, Axtell,
Btaman, Bralty, Beek, B"nton, Bigg.-!, Binghum,
Bird, Blair,'Boles, Bovron, Burr, Roderick R. Butler,
