1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
Cake, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Cook. Conger,
Crebs, Oullom, Davis. Dawes, Deweese, Dickinson,
Dixon, Dockcry, 3^1 <i, Farn? worth, Finkeinhurg,
i'lfch.Gut'.GoHaday.GrihWoid, llalcjlamlll, Ilavrley,
llcuton, ihii, iiolumn, Ingcrsoll, Jenfckea, Alexan-
der II. Thomas L.Jones, Jndd, Kellogg, Kerr,
KcUhaui, Kuott, Latiin, Lash, Loughridge, Mar-
shall, M.iyhatn, McCarthy, McCorimck, McNeely,
Morgan, Daniel J. Morreli, Myers, Nibiack, O'jSeill,
Paine, Pohmd, Prosper, Keevcs, liogers, Boots, Sar-
^unt, Sawyer, Lionel A.Sheldon, Sioouin, William
J. Sunth, William Smyfh, Stevenson, Stokes, Sfone,
fcrouuhton. Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Tillman, Trim-
ble, Twicncll, Van Auken, Van Trump, Cadtvalader
C. VV'asbburu, Wclker, Wells*. Whittemore, Wiiiard,
frugetie M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,Wincbe3ter, and
Wnudward—97.
NAYfcS—Messes. Ambler, Boyd, Brooks, Buffinton,
Burdetc, Cessna, Churchill, Clarke, Araasa Cobb,
Coburn, Duval, Ferris, Gilfillan, Hoar, Hoge, Hop-
kins, lIotelikHs, Julian, Kelsey. Knapp, Lawrence,
Logan, Maynard, McCraiy, McGrew, Mereur, Wil-
liam Moore, Orth, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Phelps,
Poineroy, Scotield, Porter Sheldon, Steven?, Taffe,
Tanner, Townsend, Tyner, Up.-on, Van Horn,Ward,
Wheeler,W)lH ras, "Wmuns, and Witcher—47.
NOT YOTIXU—Messrs. Ame^, Armstrong. Arnell,
Asper, Bailey, Bank?, Benjamin, Bennett, Benjamin
1'. Butler, Caikin,Cowles,Dickey, Donley, Dyer,Bld-
ridge, Ferry, Fisher, Fox, Garfield, Greene, Haierht,
lluldexudu, IXambleton, Hamilton, Hawkins, Hay,
iloag, Hooper, Johnson, Kcliey, Lynch, Ettakim H.
Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Mungen, Negley, Peters, Potter, Randall, Reading,
Pviee, Sanford, Schenek, Sehumaker, Shanks. John
A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Worthmgton C. Smith,
Starkweather, Stiles, Str.ider, Strickland, Voorhees,
William B. Washburn, Wilkinson, and Wood—57.
The SPEAKER. On the passage of this
bill the yeas are 97, the nays i7. Two thirds
having voted in the affirmative, the bill has
passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALASKA TUll-BEAKIXG ANIMALS.
Mr. DIXGN. I call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 32) to
prevent the extermination of fur-bearing ani-
mals in Alaska was recommitted to the Com-
mittee oa Commerce,
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry, if this motion to reconsider be adopted,
■will the effect be to bring the bill before the
House for consideration at this time?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it in order to object?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question
is for the majority of the House to decide.
Mr. SARGENT. One further inquiry: is
the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is debatable so far as the gentleman having
charge of it may leave it open for debate.
Mr. DIXON. My object in asking the recon-
sideration is that the bill maybe put upon its pas-
sage. I deem the measure one of great interest
to the Government as well as to the inhabitants
of the two islands that we have acquired by the
purchase of Alaska. Those two islands are
of gieat value to the Government. Attbe last
session uf Congress an act was passed prohibit-
ing entirely the killing of seals upon those
islands.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. Has not this bill been referred and the
motion to reconsider that reference laid on the
table?
The SPEAKER. The Cbair overrules the
point of order. The bill was referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce: it was reported
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Tin* gentleman from Rhodelsland [llr. Dixox]
.cii:>.-i'.iui'!itlv entered it motion to reconsider
in" leVommiiment. He now calls up that
and is properly entitled to tile floor.
Mr LHXOW Mr. Speaker, the passage of
tb;- hill ml! secure to the GovernmentSlj0,000
viviu'u; :! -ingle dollarof expenditure, ft will
secure the protecuou ol those islands and trie
pi ,>!.-!•;ion of the fur bearing animals. Unless
the hiil he passed there will be. I iear. groat
injury to that, trade. The Government is now
ohl'u'cd to supply the nervssat'iei ol hie to the
pi'0;,i<> living upon the two Islands of St. Paul
and M George. The passage ot this hill will
enable thost; people to provide tor their own
needs by their own industry and labor. If this
bill be passed the Government will receive
during the coming year $1-30,000, and as much
more as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
deem it wise and just and proper to demand
for the privileges given.
ENROLLED BH,L AND JOIST RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 354) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1809, and
additional appropriations for the year ending
June 30, 1870, and for other purposes ;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 19) enabling
bona fide settlers to purchase certain lands
acquired from the Great and Little Osage tribe
of Indians; and
A jointresolution (H. R.No. 48)grantingthe
right of way for the construction of a railroad
from a point at or near Portland, Oregon, to a
point west of the Cascade mountains, in Wash-
ington Territory.
ALASKA FUR-BEARIXO ANIMALS AGAIN.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Let the bill be
read.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
be unlawful to kill any fur-seal upon the Islands
of St. Paul and St. George, or in the waters
adjacent thereto, except during the months of
July, September, and October in each year;
and it shall be unlawful to kill such seals at
any time by the use of fire-arms ; but the
natives of the islands are to have the privi-
lege of killing such young seals as may be
absolutely necessary for their own food and
clothing during other months, and also such
old seals as may be required for their own
clothing and for the manufacture of boats for
their own use, which killing shall be limited
and controlled by such regulations as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is declared to be unlawful to kill any fe-
male seal or any seal less than one year old at
any season of the year except as thus pro-
vided, and also to be unlawful to kill any seal
in the waters adjacent to those islands, or on
the beaches, cliffs, or rocks where they haul up
from the sea to remain. Any person who shall
violate either of these provisions is to be pun-
I ished, on conviction, for each offense by a fine
\ of not less than §200 nor more that $1,000,
| or by imprisonment not exceeding six months,
1 or by such line and imprisonment, both, at the
! discretion of the court having jurisdiction and
; taking cognizance of the offeree ; and ail ves-
i sels, their tackle, apparel, anil furniture, whose
crew shall be found engaged in the violation
of any of ike piovisions ot the act are to be
forfeited to the United States.
For the period of ten years from and after
the passage of the act the number of fur-seals
which may be killed for their skins upon the
Island of St. Paul is limited and restricted to
seventy-five thousand per annum ; and the num-
ber of fur-seals which may be killed for their
skins upon the Island of St. George is limited
and restricted to twenty-five thousand per an-
num. The Secretary of the Treasury in any
contract made by authority of the act is to re-
serve the power to restrict and limit the right
of killing if it shall become necessary for the
preservation of the seals with such propor-
tionate reduction of the rents reserved to the
! Government as shall be right and proper,
j The Secretary of the Treasury is to lease
1 separately, to the best advantage, for a term
' of ten years from the 1st, day of April next,
the right to engage m the buMiiess of taking
fur-seals on the Wands ot St. Paul and St.
I George, and to aend a. vessel or vessels jo those
1 islands for the skins of such seals, giving to
;, the lessee or lessees ot each island a lea^e duly
•• executed, in duplicate, not transferable, and
" taking from the lessee or ics-'ios oi the Island
"■ of St. Paul a bond, with suilieient sureties,
in a sum not less than $120,000, and from the
lessee or lessees of the Island of St. Gedrge a
bond of like sureties in a sum not less than
$40,000, conditional for the faithful observ-
ance of all the laws and requirements of Con-
gress and of the regulations of the Secretary
of the Treasury touching the subject-matter of
taking fur-seals and disposing of,the same, and
for the payment of all taxes and. dues accru-
ing to the United States connected therewith.
In making these leases the Secretary of the
Treasury is to have due regard to the preserv-
ation of the seal fur trade of the islands and
the support of the natives thereof. The lessees
are to furnish to the several masters of vessels
employed by them certified copies of the leases
held by them respectively, which shall be pre-
sented to the Government revenue officer for
the time being who may be in charge at the
islands, as the authority of the party for land-
ing and taking skins.
At the expiration of the term of ten years,
or on surrender or forfeiture of any lease, other
leases may be made in the same manner for
other terms of ten years ; but no persons other
than American citizens shall be permitted, by
lease or otherwise, to occupy the islands, or
either of them, for the purpose of taking the
skins of fur-seals therefrom, nor shall any for-
eign vessel be engaged in taking such skins ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall vacate
and declare any lease forfeited if the same
be held or operated for the use, benefit, or ad-
vantage, directly or indirectly, of any person or
persons other than American citizens. Every
lease shall contain a covenant on the part of
| the lessee that he will not keep, sell, furnish,
give, or dispose of any distilled spirits or spir-
[ ituous liquors on either of the islands to any
! of the natives thereof, such person not being
! a physician and furnishing the same for use as
I medicine; and any person who shall kill any
j fur-seal on either of the islands, or in the
i waters adjacent thereto, (excepting natives, as
i provided by the act,) without authority of the
i lessees thereof, or either of them, and any per-
son who shall molest, disturb, or interfere with
the lessees, or either of them, or their agen't3
or employes in the lawful prosecution of their
business, under the provisions of the act, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
j In addition to the rental provided for a rev-
j enue tax or duty of one dollar is to be laid
I upon each fur-seal skin taken and shipped
|| from the islands, to be paid by the party tak-
|j ing the same into the Treasury of the United
j| States; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
j, empowered to make all needful rules and reg-
: ulations for the collection and payment of tlio
i' same, for the comfort and protection of the
; natives of the islands, and also for carrying
into full effect all tbe provisions of t'ue_ act.
The Secretary of the Treasury may terminate
| any lease given to any persou, company, or
ji corporation, on full and satisfactory proof of
I' the willful violation of any of the provisions
j; of tbe act or the rules and regulations eatab-
le lished by him.
!' Mr. FINKELNBURG. I remember that
I' we agreed to some amendments,
i: Mr. DIXON. The question is now on the
' motion to reconsider. The amendments have
j; been reported. The Committee on Commerce
' recommend two amendments to the lull as it
came from the Senate, 'the Senate biUrequires
' the Secretary of the Treasury to lease these
islands for ten years. The amendment recom-
1 mended by the Committee on Commerce au-
thorizes the Secretary of tbe Treasury to lease
these islandsfor a term not exceeding ten years,
leaving it withm his discretion. In the next
place, the Senate bill imposes a tax of ten dol-
lars itpon everv seal taken. Ihe amendment
of the committee requires the Secretary of the
Treasury to impesea tax of SI 50- I will now
yield to the geniteiiian fro it- California for five
1 minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. It is impossible to discuss
a bill of this magnitude in five minutes, I ask
the gentleman's attention to the fu.ct that it was
h understood I was to have half an hour to dis-
