698
THE OONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
cass this bill. Am I, then, to be limited to five
minutes?
Mr. DIXON. I have no objection to give
the gentleman half ail hour or three quarters
ofanhour; but the House is impatient. This
matter has been before us for the last two
years, and there is now a unanimous report
from the Committee on Commerce in its favor.
I desire to' give, the gentleman as much time
as 1 have taken myself.
Mr. SARGENT. I only ask the gentleman
to be consistent with his promise to me. If
the House are impatient I think they will make
it known.
Mr. DIXON. I will give the gentleman
ten minutes.
Mr. SARGENT, That is not the time the
gentleman promised. I am sorry that at this
late stage of the session this bill is sprung
upon the House. There are peculiar reasons
why a bill of this character should not pass
the House. I know there has been a strong
and determined effort to pass this bill, or the
bill for which this is a substitute, through Con-
gress. It is proposed under this bill that the
Government shall make one hundred or one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year by
granting a monopoly to three or four persons
which will be worth nearly one million dol-
lars! a year. I am opposed to creating a mo-
nopoly in this instance or in any instance. It
is un-American ; it is contrary to the principles
of our institutions. We might just as well,
under the plea of preventing the mackerel and
salmon of New England from being destroyed,
undertake to pass a bill providing that here-
after two or three persons shall have the mo-
nopoly of that fishery. We might just as weli
undertake to farm out the gold fields of Cali-
fornia or Nevada or any of the Territories of
the West. The bill is wrong in principle and
in its details.
Gentlemen say it is proposed by this bill to !
provide some means by which the natives of
Alaska may secure a subsistence. Why, sir,
the purpose, not of the gentleman himself, but
of those who are urging upon him to pass this
bill, is to take away the means of subsistence
from these natives. Does this House under-
stand that they are not savages; that these
Aleutians are people who have their churches
und their schools, and that they are measure- j
ably a cultivated people? There are fifteen or '
twenty thousand of these inhabitants around
the Aleutian sea, who can read and write : and
you propose to reverse the decree made in their
behalf by Russia before we acquired that ter-
ritory. The Russian Government, which gen-
tlemen may call a despotism, provided for these
people that "the Aleuts and-Creoles should
have all rights appertaining to merchants and
clerks of government." There are in Russia
fourteen classes of citizens. Merchants and
government clerks are ranked as the seventh
class. By this bill you treat them as savages
and make them the peons of a merciless, soul- j,
less corporation. In the sixth article of the j;
Russian American treaty of cession it was j'
agreed that the conveyance of the territory be ;
declared absolutely "free and unincumbered
by any reservations, privileges, franchises,
grants, or possessions by any associated com-
panies, whether corporate or incorporate, Rus-
sian or S,ny other." Now, it is proposed by
this bill that the successors of the Russian i
company, who have bought some old sheds and j
traps of the Russian company, shall succeed to |
all their rights, and shall have an entire monop- j
oly of the fur-seal trade. But all the valuable j
features of the Russian administration of the |
monopoly are taken away by this bill. The
old Russian company furnished the natives .
with food and gave them the means by which ;
their schools and churches could be sustained, i
In the first bill it was provided that this should I
be done by their succossors who had bought j
their property, but in this bill every item of j
that kind is stricken out and the natives are :
left without the means of support. They must j
-take the pittance their master doles out for i
their labor.
Now, the merchants of San Francisco,
through their Chamber of Commerce, who have
examined the matter as carefully as the limited
time would allow them, have begged their del-
egation in Congress to see to it that action on
this bill is postponed till December next, in
order that this great monopoly might not be
improvidently established there. Seven mil-
lion dollars in gold were paid for the acquisi-
tion of Alaska, and it is now proposed to give
away allthat immense sum purchased for a farm
to Kohl, Hutchinson & Co., and turn over the
twenty thousand inhabitants to their tender
mercies. I hold in my hand a memorial from
scores of our leading merchants, which I will
ask the Clerk to read as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows :
Memorial to the Congress of the United States by the
merchants of the city of San Francisco, California,
against the passage of the bill entitled 44 An act to
prevent the extermination of fur-bearing animals in
Alaska, and to protect the inhabitants thereof."
We, the undersigned merchants of the city of San
Francisco, Caiilovnia, specially interested in the
trade of Alaska, and also interested for the honor of
our co.untry in the estimation of the civilized world,
in behalf of the humanity which would save thein-
habitantsof Alaskafrom a slaveryineonsistentwith
our Federal Constitution, and opposed to a ruinous
monopoly, destructive not only to the interests of
trade, but obnoxious to our free institutions, do sol-
emnly protest, in behalf not only of ourselves and
of the Pacific coast, but of commerce, humanity,
justice, and an enlightened public policy, against the
passage of the bill now before the Congress of the
united States, and introduced by Senator Colk, of
thsS State, entitled " An act to prevent the exterm-
ination of fur-bearing animals iu Alaska and to pro-
tect the inhabitants thereof."
We, in common with all citizens of the Pacific coast,
feel a deep interest in the newly-acquired Territory
of Alaska, and see in its great natural resources a
legitimate source of wealth to enterprising mer-
chants and traders; and we arc unwilling that the
whole trade of this vast region should be monopo-
lized by one firm, whose only claim to public con-
sideration is the large fortune they have made in that
territory, and their persistant and too successful en-
deavor to discourage and destroy competition.
While the helpless inhabitants of Alaska are unable
to memorialize y our honorable body for themselves
and plead in their own behalf, we, as a matter ot jus-
tice and humanity, protest in their name against the
attempt now being made, throupch this bill, to reduce
them to a condition of vassalage to one company,
from which we believe they have already suffered
much.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
Agapius Hamharenks, Lungley, Crowcll & Co.,
Taylor & Bendel, A. S Kosenbaum & Co.,
E. S. Tibbey, L. J5. lieek hz Co.,
John Pairott, i^ordham k Jennings,
Lewis B. Parrott, Wellman, Peck k Co.,
AIsop tic Co., Mitchler & Kessmg,
William H. Ennte, Irvine A: Co.,
II. Cohen, Wilmerding k Kellogg,
Simon Martin, A. "Walker,
L. N. Handy Ac Co.. B. II. Freeman,
Pioneer Amer'nFireCo. Pefenerstein & Co-
Smith & Kittredge, J. Shirpser,
N. B. Edgerly k Co., Samuel Adams,
Jacob Deith, C. W. Hane,
Coffin & Patrick, "YVheelan k Co.,
Elisha Higgins, Adolph Muller,
(*. II. Collins, F. H. Rosenbaum &Co.,
A. Crawford cc Co.. Frederic Clay,
Charles Hare, Dodge Brothers k Co.,
Wnjjlit & Browne, Oeoige W. Stewart Co.,
L. W. Williams .l.uiie.J N. Mr>Cunc,
\V. B. IJolcomb, F.ugo & Co.,
(ieorge JV1. Josselyn, Josi.in Stanford,
Charles J. Jan^on, L. Treadwell,
Cox k 2vichoi£, Hobos, Gilmore & Co.,
J. k J. Spruance. Pacific Fur ICmpormm,
W. W. Dodge k Co., X. Bearwald,
Lynde Hough, W. 0. <3near,
George Bushes, Marsh, Pilsley k Co,,
George L. Debrow, James K. lCeily.
Ii. H. Waterman, li. B. Swain k Co.,
L. H. Bonestell, Jbl.A. Fargo.
San Francisco, Califortia, Januarv28, A. D. 1869.
Mr. SARGENT. I regret that my time will
not allow me to make any further remarks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
unrolled bill s£gnfcp.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (H.
It. No. 128) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 00th June, 1870; when the Speaker
signed the same.
PROTECTION Otf SOLDIERS.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that a message be sent
to the Senate to ask the l'eturn of the bill (S.
No. 58) for the protection of soldiers and their
heirs. It has gone to the Senate without the
amendment made to it by the House.
Mr. VAN AUICEN. I object
The SPEAKER. It being a mere mistake
the Chair will take the responsibility of order-
ing that the Clerk shall send a message to the
Senate requesting the return of the joint reso-
lution.
alaska pur-bearing animai-s again.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill (S. No. 32) t,o prevent t>he extermina-
tion of fur-bearing animals in Alaska was
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask an extension of my
time of the House, as the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Dixon] seems to say it is
the House that -wishes to cut me off. I had
his promise that I should have half an hour,
whereas he gave me only ten minutes.
Mr DIXON. I have no objection to the
gentlemen having half an hour, or as much time
as the House is willing to give him.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I object,
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a very unim-
portant matter compared with the one we passed
through this evening without debate, and I
object to, any extension of time.
Mr. DIXON. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Axtell.]
Mr. AXTELL. I hope the gentleman will
give me ten minutes.
Mr. DIXON. Very well; take ten minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to make one
remark. I wish to place on record that I had
the promise of the gentleman from Rhode Island
that I should have half an hour's time, calling
the attention of the gentleman to the fact that
he has given the floor to another gentleman
after yielding me only ten minutes.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, I regret that
.1 am compelled to take the floor in opposition
to my colleague from the second district of
California, [Mr. Sargent,] and I desire, in a
few words, to state to the House the condition
of these islands. They are two small islands
of the Aleutian group near to each other in the
North Pacific ocean, eighteen hundred miles
west of Sitka, and from one hundred and fifty
to two hundred and fifty miles from the main
land. Upon these two islands there are not
to-day, from the best information I can obtain,
and L call the attention of gentlemen to the
fact—there are not two hundred and fifty inhab-
itants. After the purchase of Alaska, of which
these islands are a part, being of the Aleutian
group, information came to the Treasury De-
partment that there were valuable seal fisheries
there that were in danger of beiug destroyed,
and the Secretary of the Treasury asked Con-
gress a year ago to pass a law prohibiting the
killing of those animals. That law passed Con-
gress, and is now a law on the statute-book,
and no person can go to those islands to take
these animals.
Last winter, at the close of the session, a
resolution was introduced by Mr. Eliot, of
Massachusetts, then chairman of the Committee
on Commerce of this House, making these two
islands a military reservation, and ordering that
no persons should be permitted to laud on
them, because the seals were being exterm-
inated and a valuable trade being destroyed.
That is to-day the condition of these two islands.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. AXTELL. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask him if he does not
know that there is now a law on the statu!.-
book prohibiting the killing of these seals'!
Mr. AXTELL. Yes; I stated that.
Mr. SARGENT. Then how can they be
destroyed ?
Mr. AXTELL. I stated that there being
danger of their being destroyed, Mr. Eliot in-
troduced a resolution, which passed Congress,
making these islands a military reservation,
and that is their condition now. No persons
can go there to take these fur-bearing animals.
