THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
to adjourn at twelve nr. to-morrow, but they
did. not Say they would not adjourn before that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 20, nays 119, not voting
62; m follows;
■ Y BAS—Messrs. Beck, Biggs, Bird, Burr, Eldridge,
HalcMpan, Hamiii, Thpmas L. Jones, Knott. May-
ham, McSeel.v, Niblaek, Slocura, Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Tramp,Voorhees,Wells,Winchester, andWood-
^NlrSHSIessrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong. Asper, Banks, Beaman,Beatty, Bennett,
Benton, Blaif, Boles, Bowen, Boyd, Brooks, Buffin-
tdn," Burdett, Benjamin F. Bntler, Cake, Cessna,
Churchill,' Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook, Conger, Callom. Davis, Dawes, Dixon,
DoeKery. ffla. Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkelnbarg,
Fitch, Geta, GUftlUn, Qolladay, Griswold, Hswrloy,
Hay, Heaton, Hoar, Hoge, Holmwi, Hopkins, Hotch-
kiss, Inger^oll,'Jenckes, Alexander u. Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Keteham,
Packard. Packer, Paine, Palmer, Phelps, Poland,
Pomeroy, Potter, Prosser, Beeves, Roots, Sargent,
Sawyer, Seofield, Lion el A.Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes,
Stone,.Stoughton, Swarm, Tanner, Tillman, Town-
send, TwicKell, Tyner.Upson.Van Auken,\ an (lorn,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. W elker. Wheeler, Whitte-
more, Wilkinson, Willard,Williams, Bugene M.Wil-
son. John X. Wilson, and Winans—119.
1SOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Benjamin, Bingham, Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin, Cleveland, Cowles, Crebs, Deweese, Dickey,
Dickiflson,Donley, Duval, Dyer. Ferry, Fisher, Fox,
Garfield, Greene, Haight, Hale, Hambleton, Hamil-
ton, Hawkins, Hill, Hoag, Hooper, Johnson, Lough-
rid go, lynch. Marshall, McCarthy, ElUkim H.
Moore. Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill,
Morrissey, Mungen.Orth, Peters, Randall, Heading,
Riee, Rogers, Sanford, Sehenek, Sclinraalcer, Shanks,
John A. Smith. Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Strador,
Striejd&hd, Strong, Taffii, Ward, William "B. Wash-
bum, Wltcher, and Wood—62.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 89, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Asper,
Banks, Beaman, Benton, Bingham, Blair, Boles,
Bowen, Boyd, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake,
Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Coburn, Cook," Conger, Cultom, Dawes, Deweese,
Doekery, Duval, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fjnkelnburg, Fitch, GilfHlan. Hale. Hawley, Hay,
Heaton. Hoar. Hooper, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Inger-
soll, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Keiley,
Keteham. Knapp, Lafltn, Lash, Logan, Loughridge,
Lyaeh, Maynard. McCarthy, MeCrary, McGrew,
Mereur, William Jfoore, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
N"egley, O'Neill. Orth, Packard, Paine, Palmer,
Phelps, Poland. Pomeroy, Prosser, Roots, Sargent.
Sawyer. Shanks. Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, William Smyth,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stough-
ton, Sti-iekland, Strong, Tntraer. Tillman, Town-
send, Twiohell, Tyner, Upson. Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn. Welker, Wheeler.Wh'itte-
more, Wilkinson. Willard,Williams, JohnT. Wilson,
Winans, and Witeher—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Biggs,
Bird, Brooks, Burr, Cleveland, Crebs, Eldridgc, Grctz,
Golladay, Griswold, Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins,
Holman, Thomas L. Jones. Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
Mayharn, McCormick, McNeely. Niblaek, Potter,
Reeves. Sioeum, Slone, Swann. Sweeney, Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—39.
ItfOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Bailey,
Beatty, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett, Burdett. Roderick
R. Butler, Calkin, Clarke, Cowles, Davis, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dixon, Donley, Dyer, Fisher, Fox, Gar-
field, Greene, Haight, llambleton, Hamilton, Hill,
Hoag, Hoge, Jenckes. Johnson, Kelsey, Lawrence,
Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse II. Moore, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen, Packer,
Peters. Randall, -Reading, Rice Rogers, Sanford,
Selienck, Schumaker, Seofield. Joseph S- Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Strader, Taffe, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, and Wood—55.
So the rules were suspended; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in.
testifyixu by urimixals.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
419) allowing parties in certain casps t6 testify ;
which was read a first and second time. -
The bill provides that the laws of the sev-
eral States for the time being wherein United
States courts are held, except where the Con-
stitution aud treaties of the United States shall
otherwise provide, shall govern as to the com-
petency ot witnesses in all criminal trials in
such courts, except where such State laws
make a distinction on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WOOD WARD. I wish to say that this
bill, as I understand it, involves the principle
that when a man is charged with any of the
higher crimes the laws of the, several States,
which will become the laws of the Federal
courts if this bill prevails, compel him to
testify against and criminate himself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
Mr. WOODWARD. " Oh, no !'" the gen-
tleman says. Now, let us see if it is not so.
In several States of the Union the laws of evi-
dence have been so amended that the accused
has the right to testify. I have the best author-
ity, my friend from Vermont [Mr. Poland] is
my voucher, that the rale in the State of Ver-
mont operates uniformly to convict for if
the defendant does not avail himself of his
right it is argued that he is guilty, and if he
does avail himself of it the cross-examination
and entanglement in which he is involved lead
to conviction. Thus the rule which prevails
in the State of Vermont, and which is to be-
come the rule of the Federal courts if this bill
shall pass, violates the constitutional right of
the accused ; because a man, however guilty,
has nevertheless constitutional rights, and one
of them is that he shall not be required to
criminate himself. The practical operation of
this rule in the State courts is to violate that
constitutional right of the accused. Now, I
say such a bill as this is unfit to be passed by
this Congress.
Mr. CULLOM. Mr. Speaker, I understand
this bill has already passed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The Chair was about to announce its
passage when he recognized the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. The question now is,
" Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A single
word.' This bill only allows the laws of the
States to operate in the courts of the United
States. That is the whole of it.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am aware of that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now,
then, there is no law of any State that compels
anybody to testify. It is said that if ho does
not it is presumed he is guilty. That is a mat-
ter of argument-
Mr. WOOD WARD. The laws of several of
the States entitle the accused to testify, and the
practical operation is to compel him to do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, no.
It has been in operation twenty years in some
of the States.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLAND. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Woodward] has given a very fine
translation of what I said. What I did say, and
what 1 now wish to say, is that I think this law
tends to convict guilty men and to protect inno-
cent men. I suppose the object of all criminal
law is to convict criminals, and if it has that
tendency I do not think it is much to be
deplored. In Vermont, Massachusetts, and
Maine, where this law has prevailed for a con-
siderable number of years, I think the uniform
testimony of all the courts, of all the lawyers,
and of every intelligent man acquainted with
the effect of the law, is that it promotes the
very end for which all criminal law was made;
that is, to convict guilty men and to save and
protect innocent men.
.Mr. WOODWARD. I wish to know of the
gentleman from Vermont whether he knows
that a man is guilty until he has beer, tried and
convicted?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly not.
Mr. WOODWARD. Very well : then you
are not t'o assume that a man is guilty in mak-
ing your rules of evidence.
Mr. POLAND. No man has ever discovered
in the operations of this law that it tends to
convict an innocent man ; and if it has the
effect to make the conviction of criminals more
easy or certain I do not see that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania or anybody else has
any right to complain.
The question was put on the passage of the
bill, and there were—ayes 58, noes 47.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table,
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 85, noes 25.
BLANTON DUNCAN.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the amendment of the Senate to the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 29) for the relief of Blanton
Duncan.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows :
Strike out all after the resolving clause of the joint
resolution and insert:
That the property, other than money, of Blanton
Duncan, oftheState of Kentucky, now in the posses-
sion of the district court of the United States for the
district of Kentucky, under proceedings instituted
against him and his property under the act of July
17, 1802, for the confiscation of said property, be re-
stored to said Duncan. And the officers of the United
States who may have the possession of such property
are required to deliver the same to said Duncan:
Provided, That said Duncan release all claims against
the United States for the repayments of rents paid
into the Treasury thereof, or for damagesfor the use
or occupation of said property prior to the passage
of this joint resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in, and on
that motion I move the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
55, noes 47.
The main question was then ordered to b j
put—ayes 62, noes 42.
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and
nays on concurring in the amendment of the
Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 53, not voting
73 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Armstrong, Axtell,
Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird. Blair, Bowen, Brooks,
Burr, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Churchill, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Crebs, Davis,Deweese,
Dickinson. Dockerv. Eldridge. Getz, Golladay, Gris-
wold, Haldeman, Hale, Hamill, Hill, Hoge, Holinan,
Hooper, Ingcrsoll, Jenckes, Alexander 11. Jones,
Thomas L.Jones, Judd, Kelley, Kerr. Knott. Lash,
Marshall, Mayham, McCormick, McGrew, McNeely,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers. Niblack, O'Neill, Poland,
Potter, Reeves, Boots, Sargent, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Worthington 0. Smith,Stone,
Stought'on, Swann,Sweeney, Trimble, Twiehell, Van
Auken, Van Trump. Voorhees, Wells. Whutemore,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Asper, Banks, Beaman, Benton,
Boyd,Buffinton,Burd<?tt, Roderick R.Butler,Cessna,
Amasa Cobb, Cullom, Ela, Ferriss, Fmkelnburg, Gil-
fillan, Heaton, Hoar, Hopkins, Julian, Laflm. Law-
rence, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, Mercur,
William Moore, Negley, Packard, Palmer, Phelps,
Pomeroy, Sawyer, Seofield, PorterSheldon, William
Smyth, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes.
Taffe, Townsend, Tyner, Upson; Van Horn, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Williams. Winans, and Vi itcher— 3.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames,
Arnell, Bailey, Beatty, Benjamin, Bennett. Boies,
Calkin, Clarke, Coburn,Cook, Cowles, Dawes,Dickey,
Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer. Farnsworth, Ferry,
Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Greene, Haight, Ham-
bleton, Hamilton, Hawkins', HaWley, Hav, Iloag,
Ilotehkiss, Johnson, Kellogg, R-elsey, Keteham,
Knapp. Logan, Lynch, MeCrary, Btekim H Moore,
Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mqr-
rissev, Mungen, Orth, Packer, Paine, Peters Pros-
ser, Randall,Reading.Rice,Rogers Sanford.Sehenek.
Schumaker, Shanks, Joseph S. bniitK, ^ llhaLQ J.
Smith, Stiles, Strader, Strickland, Strong, Tanner,
Tillman, William B. Washburn, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—73.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
