1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE.
tm
That the Houso recede from their disagreement
to the first amendment ot the Semite and agree to
the ^ume with an amendment, as follows: strike out
the wotd " is" jn fc.tid Senate amendment and insert
in lieu thereof the words "was then and has con-
tinued to be."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the bccund amendment of the Senate so far as it is
piopo^ed to strike out words, and agree to r.Sie same
with the following amendment: insert in lieu of the
woids proposed to be inserted: " A bond may be
tukcu at the discretion of the commissioner as pro-
vided tor iu &aid section for a distillery erected on
land the lease or evidence of titie to which was duly
reeoided piior to the passage of this act: Provided,
That nothing herein continued shall be so construed
as 10 apply to any distillery or distilling apparatus
not erected prior to the 20th of July, 1838;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighth amendment ot the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: insert in
lieu of tho words strickon out:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That any person
having in his possession any tobacco, snuff, or cigars
manulactured and sold or removed troin the man-
ufactory or from any place whero tobacco, suulf, or
cigars are made, since July 20,1868, or any person
having in his possession cig irs imported from foreign'
countries since July 20,1868, or withdrawn from a
XJnited States bonded'warehouse since said date, such
tobacco, snuff,- and cigars having been put up in
packages as prescribed in the act to which this act is
an amendment, and all the other requirements of said
act relating to tobacco, snuff, and cigars haVingbeen
complied with, and who on the 1st day of February,
18b9. filed with tho assessor or assistant assessor of
the district wi'hin which he resides or has his place
ot business tho inventory required by the seventv-
eighth and ninety-fourth sections of the act of July
2U, 18uS, and who shall, prior to selling or offering
&aeh tobacco,snuff,orciguis forsale, afhxandeaneel
proper internal revenue stamps, shall be entitled to
have refunded to him an au-ount of tax previously
paid thereon equal to thevalueot tho stamps affixed
beiore s.ilo us a orojaid; and the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall be. and is hereby, authorized,
on appeal to him made, to lefund and pay back a
bum ot money equal to the value of the stamps so
ainxed upon satisiactory evidence submitted to him
that the tobacco and snuff were actually manufac-
tured, and removed from the place of manufacture,
and that the cigars were so manufactured and re-
moved, or imported and withdrawn from a United
State> bonded warehouse and the several rates of tax
imposed on such goods by the act of July 20,1868, as
aioiesaid assessed and paid; and that the claimant
had ui allrespec s complied with the internal revenue
laws, as tar as they have been or may be applicable
to such articles. The C >mmissioner of Internal
ilevuij ue in hereby authorized and empowered to pie-
fcciibeeuch rules and regulations for carrying out the
provisions of this sectionas in his judgment shall bo
deemed proper and necessary, and the Commissioner
may in a: y case at his discretion allow snuff and
smoking tobacco manufactured prior to the 20th of
July, 18t>S, not in woodeu packages, to bestampedand
sold in t'ie original packages; and the rate of duty
on cigars import* d prior to July 20,1863, and now
remaining in bond, shall be the same as on cigars
imported after that date.
ROBERT C. SCHEN CK,
WILLIAM B. ALLISuN,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Managers on the pai t of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
T. F. BAYARD,
Managers on t/.epartof *he Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is very
manifest, as in all other cases where amend-
ments are described by their numbers, that the
House cannot, from the reading ot' the report
of the committee of conference, drawn up in
the usual and necessary form, understand very
clearly what has been done. I propose to ex-
plain'briefly what the result of the conference
in this case* has been. We have been engaged
for a number of hours in conference to day,
and we have arrived at the best conclusion that
we could.
There is, perhaps, nothing.in the bill in which
the membersof the House take any special in-
terest, except it be to be particularly informed
in regard to what has been done in relation to
the extension of ihc time for taking whisky
from t ,e bonded warehouses. The proposition
originally made was to extend the time one
year, that was from the 20th ot April, the
present month—ten days hence—to the 20ih
of April, 1870. We succeeded, however, in
amending the bill in the House, striking that
out, so as to allow an extension of time, but
to require, according to the present existing
law which passed on the 80th of July. 1868,
that at the expiration of the nine months al-
lowed i>v law. to w it, on the 20th ot this mouth,
the whisky should all be removed from bond.
The Senate amendment, proposed, not the
year which they before asked, but to extend
41st Cong. 1st Sea*.—No. 45.
the time to the 30th of Jwne, being two months
and ten days. The conferees on the part of
the House were very reluctant to consent, rep-
resenting. as they thought they did, the House
on this subject, to any extension of time.
After long discussion, however, and having the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue with one
or two officers of that Department, but partic-
ularly the Commissioner, before the committee
of conference, the conference came to the con-
clusion to agree to the Senate amendment, and
particularly for the reason that the Commis-
sioner explained that the six or seven million
gallons remaining in bond are being gradually
but yet somewhat rapialy taken out, and that it
will all be out probably before the end of the
fiscal year. The Department begged to have
the 30th of Juneaccepted as the day, because it ;
is the end of the regular fiscal year. It is the
time when the salaries of the storekeepers and
gangers will become due and they will be paid
off, and arrangements are made, as was ex'-
plained to us, for closing up all the bonded
warehouses at the close of the fiscal year.
All these things taken into consideration,
the conferees on the part of the House at length
acceded to this extension of time fortwo months
and ten days. And the expectation now is,
and the understanding upon the part of the
revenue officers, that this whole matter will be
closed up; that the bonded warehouses B, as
they are known in the law—reduced already in
number from fifteen hundred to about one liun-
dred and fifty—will be entirely closed up, and
that the gaugers and storekeepers will be paid
off and all the whisky out of bond and the tax
paid on it by the termination of this present
fiscal year.
Mr. GARFIELD. Before my colleague
leaves that point I wish him to state to the
House what provisions were made in the con-
ference in regard to stamping tobacco?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is nothing about
stamping whisky except what is now in the
law, the law being very specific 011 that point,
and all whisky, as a matter of course, has to
be under the present regulations of'law, strin-
gent as they are, stamped with the whisky
stamp which is provided.
Mr. GARFIELD. How, about tobacco
stamps?
Mr. SCHENCK. So far as tobacco is con-
cerned the House was unwilling to agree to the
Senate amendment. The Senate was unwill-
ing to take that portion of the House bill which
had been stricken out. After a very consider-
able discussion upon the subject a compromise
was finally arrived at by accepting a, modifica-
tion of both propositions. And in this also
the committee of conference were aided by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the
officerin therevenuedepartment havingspecial
charge of the division in which care is taken
of the question of tax on tobacco.
The main difference between the House
proposition, the Senate proposition, and the
modified proposition made from the revenue
department, I will state briefly : in the House
bill we proposed that special stamps should be
issued and placed upon all tobacco of a pound
or over iu weight in the package, free of every
expense, whether that tobacco was manufac-
tured before the passage of the law of July 20,
1868, or afterward, only so that it be proved
that it has paid a tax". The Commissioner
seemed unwilling to trust to the subordinate
officers in regard to proof ot that kind covering
so much ground. It was apprehended that
there would be a great deal of fraud practiced
if we went back to the old cases and lots of
tobacco. Therefore it was finally agreed to
modify the proposition so far as to apply to the
furnishing of tax-paid stamps, and the refund-
ing of the amount paid for them so much as
may be proved to have been paid, and to con-
fine it only to that manufactured between the
time when the law of July 20, 18bS, went into
effect, and the 23d of November, when the
stamps were read}' to be supplied. During
that time there were many cases where the tax
was paid, and yet no stamps could be furnished,
so that the other method of labeling and brand-
ing and numbering alone was resorted to.' It
is now proposed that in all these cases where
the tax is shown to have been actually paid
between the 20th of July, 1868, and the 23d
of November, 1868, it shall be deducted from
the amount of the tax stamps now required.
But proof is required that the tax has actually
been paid.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not see any refer-
ence in this bill to the 23d of November. The
language is " manufactured and sold, or re-
moved, &c., since July 23, 1868." Now, I
would inquire if that is intended to have-or
will it have the effect the gentleman indicates?
Mr. SCHENCK. After the 23d'of Novem-
ber stamps were applied.
Mr. MAYNARD. My question reaches
beyond that. It is whether the phraseology
of this law will hot enable fraudulent and
illicit manufacturers to get Government stamps
When they find they are liable to be found out?
Mr. SCHENCK. Clearly not; it is designed
expressly to prevent that. No tobacco is pro
tected without a stamp that was manufactured
after the 23d of November. But there was an
interval between the date of the passage of
the act, July 20, 1868, and the 23d of Novem-
ber, 1868, when 110 stamps were furnished, for
they were not prepared. This is to cover the
cases arising during that time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood that was
the point; but it occurred to me that if tobacco
had been manufactured illicitly since the 23d
of November the manufacturer might cover it
up with these stamps.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is necessary for him to
show one more thing. It is liable to seizure
if it be not stamped; and it is necessary not
only that he shall show why it was not stamped,
but that it was really manufactured between
June 20, 1868, and November 23, 1868.
Mr. ALLISON. If the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Matoard] will read the pro-
vision carefully he will observe that the man-
ufacturer must have complied with every pro-
vision of the law of the 20th of July, 1868, save
and except only the affixing the stamp. That
will therefore prevent this illicit tobacco from
being protected by these stamps.
Mr. SCHENCK. It must be numbered
with the number of the factory, be branded,
and have all the other vouchers required ex-
cept the stamp; and that could not be obtained
until the 23d of November.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] yield to
me ?
Mr. SCHENCK. For how long?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For ten
minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is rather too much
time under the circumstauces. I will yield
for live minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
that upon a question which involves some mil-
lions of dollars, and perhaps frauds to that
amount, it is a little too much to ask that we
shall deal with it hereafter midnight with only
| five minutes for its discussion. In my judg-
ment a great wrong is about to be perpetrated
upon the Government; and I should like the
House to give me an opportunity to explain
the matter, as I have given some attention to
this question. But if the gentleman from Ohio
will not yield me more than live minutes I
must ask the House if it means to protect- the
Treasury of the United States to vote down
the demand for the previous question and allow
' this subject to be discussed. 1 will not attempt
j. to discuss the question in five minutes.
!] Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman may have
1! ten minutes.
:i Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, sir,
11 there are two subjects embraced in this bill;
1 one is whisky and the other tobacco. At rnid-
i night in the closing hours of the last session
'< but. one, under circumstances almost precisely
: similar, as I remember, to those that now sur-
' round us, a bill was put through here to extend
■' for a period of nine months the time for paying
