706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
,tlxe tax upon whisky. Now again at midnight
it is proposed to grant an extension of three
months longer; and upon what plea? Why,
that the salaries of the gaugers and storekeep-
ers will cease at the end of the fiscal year.
Why cannot thegaugers and storekeepers cease
the performance of their duties on the 20th of
April., Why should they not stop whenever
they get through?
•Men who did not understand what the legisla-
tion on this subject would be have been obliged
to take their whisky out of bond to get ready
for the 20th of April. Now, when we are within
ten days of the 20th of April, it is proposed
that those who have left their whisky in bond
shall have,an extension of two months and ten
days in which to pay their taxes. I do not see
that there is to be any gain to the United States
by this extension; but. on the contrary the
measure affords opportunity for a very great
deal of fraud. Two months and ten days more
are to be allowed to cover up this matter. And
I have not seen anything in this legislation that
looks.to the United States deriving any benefit
from this measure.
We come> next to the question of tobacco;
for I must hurry on. By a law heretofore
passed all tobacco was ordered to be stamped.
By a singular accident the stamps were not got
ready until some time after the law was passed.
The law having been passed on the 20th of
July the stamps were not ready till the 23d
of November. There are in the country mil-
lions of dollars' worth of tobacco on which the
tax has not been paid, and upon which the
forged stamps which I showed the House the
other day have been placed. Now, what is it
troposed to do? The bill as passed by the
touse proposed that stamps should be issued
to these tobacco men and put on free. What
is proposed by the bill as now changed? That
they are to pay for the stamps, and afterward
draw back the money when they prove that the
tobacco was manufactured between certain
dates. What is to be the proof? The proof
is to be the oaths of the men who, by the very
theory of the bill, are supposed not to have
complied with the law.
It is said that a great deal of tobacco was
manufactured between July 20 and November
23 and the tax paid upon it, the stamps not
then being ready, and therefore that the to-
bacco must be restamped and the money paid
for the stamps refunded. If the provision is
made to operate upon such tobacco alone, why
not authorize merely the paying back of the
money which was paid m for tobacco when
there were no stamps ready? There must be
a record of those payments; somebody must
know how much money was paid into the
Treasury in that way. Why not provide that
wherever money was paid into the Treasury on
tobacco between the 20th of July and the 23d
of November, no stamps being furnished, the
tax paid on that tobacco phail be refunded?
Why should we let every man corue in and
swear, "My tobacco was manufactured be-
tvveen those dates; I paid my tax, and now I
will pay it over again provided the Govern-
ment will pay it back to me?" Why not adopt
such a provision as will protect the interests
of the Treasury ? The amount involved is not
merely hundreds or thousands, but millions.
Yet We are asked, without examination 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to yield to me for five
minutes. I will not ask any more.
Mr. SCHBNCk. The gentleman may have
five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
was first discussed here I said that the House
had always voted in favor of extending the
time for collecting the tax on whisky in bond
whenever the whisky belonged to a few indi-
viduals—whenever the legislation was for the
benefit of a few men. I was very glad to see
that the House was not willing to do this thing
any further. It was explained that this exten-
sion for nine months was agreed to by the com-
mittee of conference at the session before last.
It was brought into the House and the House
passed it readily. I did not expect from the
House the proposition to extend the time for
collecting the tax on whisky—that a bill would
come back to us with that amendment in it. I
was glad to find my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Allison,] a member of the committee who now
signs the report to extend the time, was then
opposed to extending the time. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Schenck] was opposed to it, but his name now
appears signed to this report in favor of it.
How changed I I asked the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and he did not want it done.
I am told that he wants it now. That is another
change. If the people of the country, if this
legislation, if this House of Representatives,
can be used in this manner so as to extend the
time to these whisky men to pay the tax, I
think we had.better turn the Government over
to them and let them have their own way.
They have always had their own way.
I know there is some provision in this bill
about tobacco. Why put whisky in the bill at
all ? Why put it in here when gentlemen made
speeches against this extension. I do not say
there is anything wrong in it—nothing of the
kind ; but it does seem to me to be very strange.
It only shows that gentlemen change their
opinion on the subject of whisky occasionally.
Mr. Speaker, so far as I am concerned I do
not intend to vote for this conference report.
I do not know what the House will do. Every
man will do as he pleases. I voted against
extending the time for the collection of the tax
on whisky, and I will coutinue to do so I do
not care howit maybebrought into the House.
It is about time we put a stop to dovetailing
such provisions in these conference reports. It
is about time that this Congress should let
these whisky meu know that it will not indorse
any more of these extensions of time. That
is all I have to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee of conference from
Iowa, [Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as
the gentleman from Illinois has been pleased
to intimate that I was against extending the
time and now my name appears signed to this
report, I desire to say a word or two. I was
opposed to the extension of time for the with-
drawal of whisky in bond; I am opposed to it
still; and I can say to the gentleman from Illi-
nois that, so far as I am concerned, I do not
care whether this is voted up or voted -down.
It was a question with the committee of con-
ference whether the bill should be defeated or
whether we should submit it to the Senate and
House to see whether we could come to an
agreement.
I do not thank the gentleman to say that I
have changed my views. It was the business
of the committee of conference to see whether
the two Houses could be brought together.
We have submitted our report for that purpose.
The Senate insist upon this provision of the
bill. The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
came before us, and I had a conversation with
him in which he said he believed that the time
should be extended to the 30th of June, and
by a continuous process this whisky would be
withdrawn from bond. We have submitted
the question to the House to say whether it
will extend the time or not.
I was willing as a member of the committee
that this bill should bo voted down; but the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue told us there
were provisions in it which it was necessary
should be passed during the present session of
Congress ; one is, regulating the rule of evi-
dence in reference to using stamps over again.
He tells us it is now almost impossible to con-
vict any person using stamps over- again.
Another provision is to correct an ambiguity
in the collection of the taxes by which more
than a million dollars will be saved to the
Government. It increases the special taxes
upon wholesale liquor dealers.
Now, these and one or two other provisions
which I will not take time to allude to were
deemed of so much importance by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue and by the com-
mittee of the Senate that they insisted that we
should adopt them. I am free to confess that
the provisions of the bill in reference to tobacco
are not satisfactory to me anv more than the
provision with reference to the withdrawal of
whisky in bond.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask thegentleman
whether this extension of the time for the
withdrawal of whisky in bond was in the bill
that came from the Senate as an amendment
of the Senate, or whether it was put iu by the
conference committee?
_ Mr. ALLISON. . That provision' was in the
bill as it came from the Senate, and was con-
curred in by the House this morning.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
this bill was reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means was that provision in it?
Mr. ALLISON. No, sir ; it was not when
it first came from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and it was not in when it went to the
Senate. It was voted down here on my mo-
tion.
Now, as I was saying, these provisions were
regarded as of so much importance by the
Commiisioner of Internal Revenue, whom we
hold responsible for the faithful administra-
tion of the law, that I for one am willing to
give them my support.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman why not
have another committee of conference, drop
out your whisky, and save these provisions?
Mr. ALLISON. I am willing to agree to
that if the House desire it.
Mr. DAWES. Then, if these provisions are
not considered of enough importance by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, that he can
let the whisky come out of bond in ten days
from, now, let him give them up. That tests
the question. I understood him just as the gen-
tleman from Illinois did.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE. I shall be influenced in my
vote by the recommendation of the gentleman
who has been representing this House on the
conference committee, if 1 can understand what
his opinion is. It was his duty, and I suppose
it was his intention, to let us know what it is.
It seems that he has expressed an opinion over
his signature in a conference report, but now
he expresses a different one respecting this bill,
as I understand him. I would be glad if my
friend would inform us whether he does or does
not recommend us to extend the time for the
removal of whisky in bond.
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer the gentle-
mati. I was not, as I said before, as a mem-
ber of the committee of conference willing to
take the responsibility of letting this bill fail
without submitting that question to the House
and letting the House take the responsibility.
I shall vote for this report of the committee of
conference, as my name is there. But I do not
ask other gentlemen to surrender any opinions
they may have on the subject because I express
my willingness to vote tor it on the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue rather tban let the bill fail.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A single
question. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue went into his office fresh only thirty days
ago. He has been hearing nothing but appli-
cationsfor office ever since. Now, how can he
know any more about this question than he did
thirty days ago ?
Mr. ALLISON. That is not a question that I
propose to decide. Now, I want to say another
thing in reference to tobacco. The provision
in regard to that applies only to tobacco man-
ufactured since the 20th of July. Now, I do
not agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in regard to the refunding of taxes upon
tobacco to those who have defrauded the Gov-
ernment. There can be no refunding of taxes
except upon proof made to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. If we
have an honest man in that office, as I believe
we have, are we to believe that he will refund
