TBI CO^OEESSIO^AJu ©LOB®.
April 9,
s& my district iSr concerned, the money ia not
there at thi3 time to pay the tax; and the
clerical force in the revenue offices is not capa-
ble ot' taking the whisky out of bond. In my
judgment it is the duty of Congress to grant
this,extension, and I hope it wilt be granted.
[Here-the hammer fell.]
Mr.,SCiiENCK. Mr. Speaker, I propose
to submit a very few remarks by way of closing
up this debate; and I give notice that I do not
intend to be interrupted.
One would think from the character of this
discussion that nobody in the House of Rep-
resentatives had ever before heard of a com-
mittee of conference. Why is a committee of
conference in any ease- appointed ? Because
there are disagreements between the two
>IJ.ous.es. That very fact implies that if a solu-
tion of the difficulty is ever arrived at some-
body irmsfrigive way. These differences are
generally- settled by compromise and mutual
ftdjustment, something being given up on each
side until the two Houses can through the
agency of a committee be brought as nearly
together as may be posssble. Now, it is known
by every one who knows anything about the
itiatter, that from the beginning I have always
been in,clin,ed, in co-mmittee and out of com-
mittee, to object to, and have voted and spoken
in objection to the further extension of the
time for the payment of the tax on whisky in
rbojid. The House, when the subject was last
-before it, sustained the view that I took ; but
,the bill, after-going to the Senate, came back
with the amendment virhich is now under con-
sideration. What is that amendment? Gen-
tlemen try to intimate that it was made in com-
•Biittee of conference. There isno word of '.ruth
.in such an intimation. That amendment, as it
came from the .Senate, is in these words:
■ That section fifty-six be amended so as to extend
the time for with drawing distilled spirits from bonded
warehouse, until the 30th of June, 1869, but subject
^ ^additional tax on eaoh proof gallon deposited
and bonded in 17 are bouse at the rate of one cent for
each month after the 20th of April, 18S9. and until
withdrawn; and any distilled spirits remaining in
Bonded warehouse after the 30th day of June. 1869,
shall be forfeited to the United Stated, and disposed
,oi as provided in said section.
That is to say, these men, under what is sup-
posed to be the emergency of the case, and for
the benefit of the Government, as is thought
by those who support the proposition, are to
be allowed two months and ten days additional
..beyond the 20th ot April iu which to pay the
tax, and if they do not then remove their dis-
tilled, spirits, it, is all forfeited to the United
States; but inasmuch as there might be-loss
to the revenue of the United States by this
delay it is further provided that in addition to
the tax of fifty cents per gallon and other taxes
t}iey shall, in consideration of this indulgence,
pay also at the rate ot one cent per month per
gallon on all whisky, remaining in bond after
the 20th of Apiil. This is equal to twenty-
four per cent, a year 011 the fifty cents tax.
1 hey may remove their whisky at once ; they
may keep it in bond until the 20th day of this
mouth, as the law now provides; they may let it
stay ten days or a mouth longer, or they may
let it stay to the last hour of the 30th of June ;
but for whatever time they permit, it to remain
in warehouse after the 20th of this month they
are to pay an additional tax upon it at the
rate,of one cent a gallou per month.
, The.Senate insisted upon this their amend-
ment. Thar conferees would not give up on
this .point. There- were other things in the
bill connected with tobacco, connected with
the improvement of the stamp system, cor-
recting the mischief done by washing old stamps
and using them over again, provisions for pun-
ishing persons guilty of such fraudulent prac-
tices, provisions giving greater clearness to
the definition of retail and wholesale dealers in
liquor, and reinovingall ambiguity in the exist-
ing law, by doing which the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is of the opinion, and I think
he is right, we will gain about a million dollars
per annum. Then there was another difficulty
«ured by this bill. The Attorney General has
given an opinion that the distillers of brandy ''
from peaches, apples, and grapes may, be re-
lieved from any tax whatever. By one of the
amendments reported 011 favorably by the com-
mittee of conference a tax is put upon them of
fifty dollars where they make one hundred and
fifty barrels or more per year, making specific,
exact, and imperative that from which the
Attorney General decided they are relieved.
Without going further into particulars, for
the explanation of which at this late hour of
the night and of the session I have not the
time, i will merely say that looking over the
whole ground the committee came unanimously
to the conclusion, while something was con-
ceded on one side and on the other, this which
we have presented was the best compromise
we could obtain. We were satisfied it was the
only bill which could be passed at this session.
If it is not passed on this report we shall have
no bill at all. It is for the House to determine
whether they will accept it or not. I feel no
particular personal interest in the matter one
way or the other. I suppose nobody here does.
After I had stated what was the recommenda-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] said
"If it be true." I do not know whether he
means to doubt the correctness of my state-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Commissioner is an
honest and an able man, and whether he has
been one month or longer or less time in office
he has certainly stored his mind full of inform-
ation on this subject, and has strong and decided
opinions. He says that to insist on these men
within the next ten days raising nearly four
million dollars, whether it can be done or not,
will result in many instances in forfeitures, in
seizures, resulting sometimes perhaps in legal
procedures by which there may be loss of all tax
on the whisky; and that in the long run the
Government will not probably make as much
as it it allowed them to work it out of bond iu
the next two months. But I will not repeat
his argument. The committee of conference
was appointed for the adjustment of the differ-
ences between the two Houses, and in view of
the facts I have stated and all the information
we had I signed with others the report of the
committee, and for the same reason shall vote
for its adoption.
Now, sir, whatever is offered in this regard
brings out, as once before, intimations here on
this floor from a certain quarter that there is
something wrong, something sinister, some
concealed; interested motive in what we have
done. Some minds are so diseased by corrup-
tion that they cannot comprehend honesty of
purpose in anybody else. I thank God 1 am
not so constituted. I should suspect, myself if
I so always suspected others. Then again
some persons, make their charges openly and
boldly, and thus deserve some credit for can-
dor and manfulness at. least, though their state-
ments may be false. Others insinuate their lies
and slander by innuendo, and thus add coward-
ice to falsehood. I care nothing for such men.
For such meanness I can give back nothing but
scorn. Wheu we stand here proposing the best
arrangement that the gentlemen composing this
committee of coufeience, certainly the peers
of any here, three Senators and three Repre-
sentatives, could make under the circum-
stances, it is for the House to say whether it
will accept or reject their report.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether he will allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no feeling of unkind-
ness for the gentleman from Ohio, and I trust
he has none toward me ; but I wish to ask Mm
whether he alludes to me when he says there
are men here who insinuate lies and add cow-
ardice to falsehood.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; not to youi
. Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Ohio whether it was
not the saying of the Pharisee, "1 thank God
I am not as other men are?"
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it possible. Any-
thing hypocrisy may have to utter is, I have no
doubt, familiar to the member from Massachu-
setts, whatever form it may take.
Now, sir, 1 have no further duty, to discharge
on my part except to submit this report for the
action of the House, and in submitting it to
say that so far as either by insinuation or by
any more direct statement, now or heretofore,
imputations are attempted to be cast upon me
personally, or upon the Committee of Ways
and Means, of which I am a member, or upon
this conference committee in connection with
what we have done, they are but the concep-
tions of a base heart charging others with that
of -which it feels conscious it is itself capable,
and which finds warrant for what is said only
in its own propensity for evil and dishonesty.
It is said that nothing of this kind has ever
been done except for these whisky men. Why,
sir, we have time and again passed bills and
joint resolutions putting off the payment of
direct taxes in the South. We have exempted
the manufacturers of New England very liber-
ally and relieved them from taxation. We
helped the Boston rum-dealers and exporters,
as the member from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] particularly well knows, from what was
conceived to be a hardship in a law that was
passed at an early day in the last Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say to the gentle-
man tbat'he did not do it with my help.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that that
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
my friend, voted for it.
But all this has nothing to do with the main
question here. What I submit, I repeat, is
what must always be submitted by a.committee
of conference if there is ever an agreement
brought about between the two Houses when
they have disagreed with each other. If each
House is to insist upon all its propositions and
upon having its own way, there never will be
concord of action. If managers on the part of
the House and of the Senate enter into a con-
ference with this spirit they never will make
reports at all. Now, whether we have done
right or wrong in submitting this report I ap-
prove it as being the best we could do. I gave
up very much of my own individual judgment
upon some points for the sake of what 1 think
we gained and the country and the Treasury
has gained on other points.
My colleague near me [Mr. Bingham] asks
me if this report is unanimous. It is ; and it is
signed by all the members of the committee
both of the Senate and of the House. It has
already been concurred in by the Senate. It
is now for the House to say whether it will
concur in the-action of the Senate. And now
the hour allowed for the debate having expired
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays on agreeing to the report.
The yeas and nays were refused—ayes seven-
teen.
The, report was then agreed to—ayes G5,
noes 43.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 259) to remove political disabili-
ties from certain persons.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
general heintzelman.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the joint resolution (S. No. 36) respecting
the retirement of Brevet Major General S.
P. Heintzeltnan ;-which was read a first and
second time. It authorizes the President of
the. United States to place the name of
Brevet Major General S. E. Heintzelman on
