1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
the retired list of the Army, with the fuU rank
of the command heid by him when wounded, in
accordance with sections sixteen and seventeen
of the act of August, 18U1, and section thirty-
two of the net of July 28, ]800.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion on i lie passage of the resolution.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker 
Tlie SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg pardon; I did not
intend to interfere with his privilege.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to say that if the
House passes this resolution I hope it will be
understood that it does so merely because it
wants to do something for a man, and not
because it is right. General Heintzelman,
although a good man, has already been retired,
and is now on the retired list. Under this
joint resolution he would be retired as a major
general and would draw a major general's pay.
His rank is that of colonel. His rank was
that of colonel at the time this joint resolution
claims that he was wounded. If this House
desires to retire him as a major general when
he never was a major general they have a right
to do it under this resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
man whether lie approves of the mode in which
General Heintzelman was retired?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know how he was
reti red.
Mr. BINGHAM. He was retired by Andrew
Johnson in a fit of spleen.
Mr. LOGAN". Whenever a thing that the
law would not warrant is to be done here
Andrew Johnson's name is brought in.
Mr. B1 NGHAM. Is not that the truth ?
Mr. LOGAN. Now, I say. as chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and I defy
contradiction, that there is no such thing as a
man on the retired list except by his rank.
You have not got an officer on the retired list
to-day that was not retired on his rank.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman deny
that Andrew Johnson retired General Heintz-
elman in a fit of spleen ?
Mr. LOGAN. If gentlemen do not wish him
to be retired I am willing to amend the joint
resolution and put him on the active list.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have we not now
a law on the statute-book under, which many
officers have been retired precisely as this res-
olution proposes to retire General Heintzel-
man ?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Wait a moment.
Officers are retired upon the rank of the com-
mand they held at the time they received their
wounds. If an officer was a colonel, but was
commanding a corps or a division at the t'me
he received his wounds, he is retired with the
rank of that command. Many an officer is
now retired it) that way.
Mr. LOGAN. It is very strange indeed that
gentlemen will construe the law so. My col-
league was once in the Army, and he ought to
oe a military man and understand something
about it. I" would like the gentleman to tell
me what the rank of a command is.
Mr. FAilNSWORTH. The rank of the
command which the officer held.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask you what is the rank
of the command?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The rank of a man
who is commanding a regiment is colonel.
Mr. LOGAN. What is the rank of the com-
mand?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law must be
construed in the light of common sense. Where
terms are used which are doubtful of explica-
tion jou must apply the test of common sense
to them. It is well understood by the common
sense of mankind that the rank of the com-
mand of a regiment is colonel, the rank of
the command of a brigade is brigadier general,
and the rank of the command of a division is
major general. AVhen the law uses that term
you apply to it the test of common sense, of
the common understanding of mankind, mili-
tary and civil, aad there is no difficulty in con-
struing the law, and many officers have been
retired in that way.
Mr. LOGAN. I have never known anyper-
sou in this House attempt to restrict the law
ia regard to military matters but what it was
expanded in every case. If this Congress will
allow men in the Army to come here and lobby
day by day to get bills through of every char-
acter, you have no use for any law in reference
to military matters. There has been a per-
sistent effort on the part of General Heintzel-
man for the last two weeks to lobby this joint
resolution through, and there is not an instance
on record where such a bill has passed Con-
gress, except the man had the rank. Now, I
will tell the gentleman what the rank of the
command is.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman read
the law first ?
Mr. LOGAN. I understand what the law is.
Mr. CONGER. I would like to hear the law
read.
Mr. LOGAN. I propose to discuss this
thing in my own way. It is very surprising
that gentlemen will get so excited. They will
all get a chance to vote; they need not be in
such a hurry. I do not suppose they all expect
to be retired as major general, though we all
shall some time be retired as Congressmen.
There is no necessity for all this excitement.
It is said that if a man commands a regiment
the rank of that command is that of colonel;
if he commands a brigade the rank of that
command is brigadier general. Why, sir, that
is the most preposterous thing in the world.
The rank of the mau commanding is the rank
he happens to hold at the time. If the regi-
ment is commanded by a colonel, then it is a
colonel's command. But it may be commanded
by a captain, or even a first lieutenant, if he
happen to be the ranking officer. A major
general's command in the Army is just such a
command as he is assigned to. I was a major
general while in the service, and JE commanded
a division, I commanded a corps, and 1 com-
manded an army. But my rank was not in-
creased a particle by the increase of my com-
mand. When I commanded three corps I had
just the same rank as when I commanded one.
I commanded three divisions with just the.
same rank as when I commanded only one.
Now, a colonel may be assigned to the com-
mand of a brigade or the command of a divis-
ion, but his rank is not increased by being
assigned to a higher command. If a general
is killed in battle, and the officer next in rank
is a colonel, the colonel assumes the command ;
but he does not thereby obtain the rank of
general, and the idea of talking about the rank
of the command is a preposterous thing. It
was put into the law just like this thing was
putthrough tl^ Senate, without the man having
charge of it knowing what was in it when he
drew it. Now, if you will give me the law 
Mr. GARFIELD. I have the law here, and
I will read it if the gentleman will yield.
Mr. LOGAN. I can read it as well as you
can.
Mr. GARFIELD. Very well; let us hear
the literary gentleman.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh! I do not claim to be a
literary gentleman as the gentleman does.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let the superior reader
be heard.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not a superior reader.
It takes a superior gentleman to be a superior
reader, and I do not claim to be that, as the
gentleman does.
Mr. SHANKS. Let us take a vote.
Mr. LOGAN. The vote will not be taken
until I sit down. I have as many rights here
as you have.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, what is your point of
order?
Mr. GARFIELD. My point of order. Mr,
Speaker, is. that the gentleman must address
the Chair, and not individual members, as
" you " and " you."
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I submit gracefully to the su-
perior gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
or I will say to his superior highness. I will
address him in any kind of language he desires
and which is complimentary to liim, because
that is the kind he always wants. The reason
I addressed the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Shakes] as I did was because he ctfied out
"Let us take a vote;" and I am not in the
habit of having votes taken when I am oil the
floor.
Now, what is the lawthat gentlemen ask to
have read ? It is that " officers of the regular
Army entitled to be retired on account of dis-
ability occasioned by wounds received in battle
may be retired upon the full rank of the com-
mand held by him, whether in the regular or
volunteer service, at the time such wounds
were received."
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, what does that
mean ?
Mr. LOGAN. Ifyouwill tell me what "rank
of command" means I will tell you what the
law means.
Mr. S'iEVENSON. I want the gentleman
to say.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot do it. I have tried
to explain what a command is, but I do not
know what is the rank of a command. A major
general may command five thousand"men, or
fifty thousand men, but his rank is not increased
by the increase of nis command. What is the
rank of an army? Will any one tell me?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the rank
of the commander of a regiment?
Mr. LOGAN. The rank he happens to hold.
If he is a captain, then his rank is that of a
captain ; that is all; everybody knows that.
There is no such thing as the rank of the com-
mand.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me a moment?
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A major
general may be assigned by the President to
the command of a regiment, or to no command
at all. He may be put upon other duties, as
would be the case if he were assigned as a
staff officer. Therefore the rank of his com-
mand would be no criterion at all. If a major
general in command of a regiment should hap-
pen to be wounded he would be retired as a
major general, although in command of only
a colonel's command. If he should be in com-
mand of a brigade he would still be retired as
a major general. In the same way, wheua col-
onef happens to be wounded while in a higher
command he is retired only as a colonel. This
j has been the universal rule.
i The difficulty has been this: there were
I regular Army officers with regular, lineal rank,
| who held volunteer commands of higher grades
; than their regular rank. A man might be only
! a captain in the regular Army, while he might
be a brigadier general, and I believe in some
cases a major general of volunteers. I he law
to which reference has been made was passed
in orderthat officers of the regular Army might
be retired with the higher volunteer rank which
they held.
Mr. CAKE. I want to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Logan] whether the highest rank which Gen-
eral Heintzelman held in the regular Army
was not that of colonel, and was he not at the
same time a majorgeneral of volunteers? And
I will ask the gentleman further whether Gen-
eral Heintzelman was any the less a major gen-
eral because he was only a major general of
volunteers?
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the gentleman.
A major general of volunteers is just as much
a major general as a major general of anything
else- . ,
Mr. CAKE. Then, what is the gentleman
contending about?
Mr. LOGAN. I say that the statement that
General Heintzelman was a major general
when he was wounded is not correct. When
he was wounded at Bull Run he was just what
he is bow, a colonel and nothing more. W e
