714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
for the purpose of considering the joint reso-
lution at the present time.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee on railways and canals.
Mr. FERRY, from the Committee on the
Rales, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the name of the Committee on Roads
and Canals be, and the same is hereby, changed to
that of the Committee on Railways and Canals.
Mr. FERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, bills of the follow-
ing titles:
At act (H. R. No. 92) to discontinue Sault
Ste. Marie as a port of entry in the Superior
district, and to establish Marquette iu lieu
thereof; and
An act (H. E. No. 421) making available
the appropriation heretofore made for furni-
ture for the Presidential Mansion.
The message also annouuced that the Senate
had appointed Mr. Trumbull and Mr. Davis
a committee on the part of the Senate to join
such committee as might be appointed by the
House of Representatives to wait upon the
President and inform him that unless he may
have some further communication to make the
Houses of Congress are ready to close their
session by adjournment without day.
printing patent office report.
Mr. LAFLIN, from theCommittee onPrint-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed thirty thou-
sand extra copies of the next report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, of which seventeen thousand shall
be for the use of the House, eight thousand for the
use of the Senate, and five thousand for the use of
the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote'
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
depredations of rebel vessels.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
State Department five hundred copies of the Presi-
dent s message and accompanying documents, re-
lating to thedepredationsof rebel vessels, sent to the
House on the 3d instant.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing land office report.
Mr. LAFLIN also, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring )That there be printed five thousand
extra copies of rhe report of the Commissioner of the
riTT -anj 9 5e 1868, with theeonnected map
of the United States, for the use of the Senate- fif-
teen thousand copies of the same for the use of the
House, and two thousand copies of the same for dis-
tribution by the Commissioner of the General Land
Ofiiee.
Mr. BROOKS. What is to be the cost of
tips document ?
Mr. LAFLIN. The Land Office report will,
I think, cost about one dollar a copy.
The resolution was adopted.
"Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; afld also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agricultural report.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate concurrent resolu-
tion that there be printed twenty thousand extra
copies of the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture for the use of the Sen-
ate, one hundred and eighty thousand of the
same for the use of the House, and twenty-three
thousand copies of the same for distr.bution
by the Commissioner of Agriculture, with an
amendment to strike out "twenty-three thou-
sand " and insert " twenty-five thousand."
The amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution, as amended, was concurred in.
unification of tiie coinage.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House two thousand copies of the letter of B. B.
Elliott, _ esq., on thesuhiect of the international
unification of the coinage, which was transmitted
to the Fortieth Congress by Hon. Hugh McCulloch,
Secretary of the Treasury, and three hundred for
the use of the Treasury Department.
rollin white.
Mr. JENCKE3. I now call up the unfin-
ished business, being Senate bill No. 213, for
the relief of Rolliu White, and demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ninth census.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Ninth Census
shall have power to send for persons and papers and
to examine witnesses, in order to ascertain the best
method of taking the said ninth census, and for
obtaining such other information concerning the
population, industry, property, and resources of the
country as they may think proper, for the purpose
of rendering the census and statistics to be obtained
forthwith correct and valuable. And said commit-
tee are hereby authorized to act during the recess of
Congress through sub-committees, and shall report
at the next session of Congress a bill for the taking
of the census, with such schedules, forms, and direc-
tions as they may think best; and the Congressional
Printer is hereby authorized to print such portions
ol tneevidenceandsuch documents as saidcommittee
may require durin/ the recess, in order that their re-
port may be made in print at the commencement of
the next session of Congress.
committee to wait upon the president.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a con-
current resolution of the Senate, that a commit-
tee, consisting of two members, be appointed
to join such committee as may be appointed
by the House of Representatives, to wait upon
the President and inform him that unless he
may havesome furthercommunicationto make,
the two Houses of Congress are ready to close
their session by an adjournment without day.
The resolution was concurred in ; and the
Speaker appointed, as such committee on the
part of the House, Mr. Dawes, Mr. Logan,
and Mr. Brooks.
manager of national asylum.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, called
up Senate resolution No. 64, appointing Gen-
eral Thomas Osborn a manager of the National
Asylum for Disabled Soldiers; which was read
a first and second time.
It appoints General Thomas Osborn, of Illi-
nois, a manager of the Asylum for Disabled
Soldiers, in place of Richard Oglesby, resigned.
The joint rejolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
1 time, and passed.
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 30) respecting the retire-
ment of Brevet Major General S. P. Heiutzel-
man ; when the Speaker signed the same.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. NEGLEY, from the same committee,
reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 403) to estab-
lish certain post roads: when the Speaker signed
the same.
a. s. wallace.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That two months' pay be allowed to A.
S. Wallace, claimant of the seat m this House for
the fourth congressional district of South Carolina,
out of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. KERR. I object unless the name of
W. D. Simpson is also embraced iu the reso-
lution.
Mr. PAINE. The committee reported in
favor of Mr. Wallace.
opinions of the attorneys general.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, called
up the amendment of the Senate to House bill
No. 243, to provide for the publication of the
Opinions of the Attorneys General, and for
other purposes.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
as follows:
That so much of the act making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
tbe Government for the year ending the 30th ot June,
3870, as repeals the second section of ttte act of August
2, 1*61, entitled " kn act concerning the Attorney
General and the attorneys-and marshals of the sev-
eral districts," be, and the same is hereby, repealed;
and said second section is hereby declared to be in
full force: and it shall be the duty of the Attorney
General to report at the commencement of the next
session ot Congress, and to each succeeding session,
the names of all persons employed lor the purpose
aforesaid, and where and upon what business em-
ployed, and the compensation paid to each.
Amend the title so as to read : "An act concerning
the Attorney General."
The amendments were concurred in.
IUCHAKD liUSTEED.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the House to pass
the following resolution, in order to perfect the
order of the House:
Resolved^ That in the matter of the investigation
of the charges against Richard Busteed, judge of ihe
United States district court of Alabama, three hun-
dred copies of the testimony taken he printed j that
the chairman ot the sub-cominittee be authorized to
administer the customary  ath to witnesses: that the
expenses of the investigation be paid outof thecon-
tingent fun I of the House, and that the committee
be authorized to employ a stenographer.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to its consideration.
The SPEAKER. It then requires a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. BINGHAM. I make that motion.
The question being put, there were—ayes
62, noes 39 j two thirds not votiug in the
affirmative.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas aud
nays.
^ Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the resolu-
tion.
naturalization.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 423) to establish a
uniform system of naturalization ,* which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
election contest—barnes vs. adams.
Mr. KERR. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That in the contested-election case of S.
M. Barnes vs. George M. Adams the time for taking
