1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
testimony be extended thirty days from the close of
this session of Congress, said testimony to be taken
in other respects iu accordance with existing law.
lur. CESSNA. I object.
Mr. KERR. I move to suspend the rules.
x'lie motion was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to reconsider the
various votes of reference of bills and joint
le.solutious, and to lay the motion to reconsider
011 the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 421) making available an
appropriation heretofore made for furniture for
the Presidential Mansion;
An act (H. Ii. No. 92) to discontinue Sault
Ste. Marie as a port of entry in the Superior
district, and to establish Marquette in lieu
thereof; and
An act (H. R. No. 243) concerning the
Attorney General.
SEKGKANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask consent to offer
the following resolution, which I think will
occasion no debate :
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be au-
thorized to pav the expenses incident to the arrest and
detention of Florence Scannell, during the Fortieth
Congress, and to audit and al'ow any other tees and
expenses to which ttieSergeant-at-Arms of the House
mav ho entiiled. if any. in connection with the select
Committee on Alleged Ejection Frauds in New 1 ork.
I will say a very few words in explanation
of this resolution. Florance Scannell was ar-
rested during the last session of the Fortieth
Congress for refusingto testify before the Com-
mittee on New York Election Frauds. He
was detained in custody by reason of his failure
to pay the costs of his arrest until the Con-
gress expired. It is manifestly right that the
Sergeant-at-Arms should be paid the costs of
the arrest and expenses of maintaining Scan-
nell (luring his detention.
The resolution provides for auditing any
other fees or expenses to which the Sergeant-
at-Arms may be entitled, if any, connected with
the committee. The accounts of the Sergeant-
at-Arms were rendered to the committee in
the closing hours of the Fortieth Congress,
and 1, as chairman of the committee, rejected
claim for the service of subpenas on witnesses
upon the ground that most of them were served
not by the Sergeant-at-Arms, butj)yagents of
the two political parties in New York, and as
to a Tew other subpenas, that they were served
bva messenger of the committee) who was paid
a'per diem and expenses which should cover
all claim for fees. All this is shown in the
report of the committee, page 154. There are
a few other controverted items, some of which
I am satisfied should be paid. They are but
small in amount. It was impossible to have a
hearing before the Committee on Accounts m
tlio last hours of the Fortieth Congress, and
now there is no authorized mode of giving to
the Sergeant-at-Arms a hearing. He insists
that lie has rights which have been denied,
and it is rio-ht that he should have an oppor-
tunity to be- heard so that his rights may be
properly passed on. The object of the reso-
lution is to give him that opportunity a
chance to be beard. It is introduced upon
the advice of all the members of this House
who were members of the New York com-
m The'SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the resolution /
Mr. MAYNARD. I abject.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to suspend the
rule"1.
The motion was disagreed to.
point of order.
Mr. PAINE. I I'ise to a point of order. I
rose and demanded the yeas and nays on the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kbbp.] in relation to the contested-
election case of Barnes vs. Adams.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman.
Mr. PAINE. I spoke as loudly as I could.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not liear
the gentleman.
Mr. PAINE. I could not certainly lose my
right from the failure of the Chair to hear me.
The SPEAKER. There were many gentle-
men on the floor addressing the Chair, and
amid the noise and confusion it is not strange
that the Chair should not hear the gentleman.
It is too late now.
samuel ii. decker.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following
resolution relating to a no-armed doorkeeper
of this House :
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House be,
and he is hereby, directed to retain, during the re-
cess of Congress, Samuel H. Deener, of Ohio, an
armless soldier, to be paid out of the miscellaneous
fund.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will modify his resolution so-as to give him his
pay and allow him to go home during the
recess.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to
that, but I do not want him discharged. He
can go home under this resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. Are there not other dis-
abled soldiers in the employment of the House ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Not with both arms off.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
extend the resolution so as to include all dis-
abled soldiers in the employment of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I apply it to this case
because this man has been notified to quit.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table. •
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. Is it in order for me to appeal
from the decision of the Chair on the point of
order that I made just now?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. PAINE. I would like to state the facts
and take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is entirely too late.
The Chair could not entertain an appeal.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
report back from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad the resolution directing an investi-
gation into the matter of the Central Pacific
railroad, and ask that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. LYNCH objected.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I offer it as a
report from the committee, and the committee
is privileged to report at any time.
Mr. LYNCH. I object to it because that
was not the understanding of the committee.
The gentleman has no authority to report any
such thing.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. As there
appears to be a misunderstanding I will with-
draw it. (
PRISTISG OF MAYNARD 8 TARIFF.
Mr. SWANN. I move a suspension of the
rules.
The question was put; and there were—>
ayes 38, noes CO.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirm'ative)
the rules were not suspended.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act (S. No.
273J for the relief of Rollin White; when the
Speaker signed the same.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. DAWES. The joint committee of the
two Houses charged with the duty of waiting
upon the President and informing him that
unless he had some further message to com-
municate the two Houses were ready to ad-
journ, have discharged that duty, andhave been
instructed by him to inform the two Houses
that he has no further communication to make
to them.
The SPEAKER. The hour fixed by the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses for
the adjournment of the first session of the
Forty-First Congress having arrived, I do
therefore declare the House of Representa-
tives adjourned without day. [Applause and
clapping of hands. ]
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BOYD: The petition of Martha
Davis, of Stone county, Missouri, asking for
pension.
By Mr. FERRY: A concurrent, resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, asking Congress
for the adoption of an act granting a pension
of eight dollars a month to the surviving sol-
diers of the war of 1812.
Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan, for the relief of Bimina Brainard.
Also, a joint resolution asking Congress for
an appropriation of money to improve Portage
lake and river, in Houghton county.
Also, a joint resolution asking an appropria-
tion to aid the geological survey of the State,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 10, 1869.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that the reading
of the Journal of yesterday's proceedings be
dispensed with. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist upon hearing the
Journal read. I want to know what we did
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORTON, (at ten o'clock and two min-
utes.) I move to dispense with the further
reading of the Journal of yesterday.
Mr. CONKLING. I object. _ _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to dispensing with the reading of
the Journal, the reading must proceed.
The Secretary proceeded to read the J ournal.
Mr. SUMNER, (at ten o'clock and nine
minutes.) As this is the last day of the ses-
I move that the reading of the Journal
/• ,1 • Sion, x UJUTii cnw V v v.   - —
Mr. CAKE. I ask leave to report from the . of esterdav be dispensed with.
Pi>intuirr thr* fill In win£f resoiu* 1 - r nAsin ivn. T
The read-
Committee on Printing the following resoiu- |
tion : i
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of Jlaynard s ,
tariff bill be printed for the use of the House. ,
Mr. ALLISON. I object. !
COMMANDER charles II. BALDWIN.
Mr. SWANN. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs
a joint resolution of the Senate, the object of tolhehours of kibar.
which is Simply to authorize Commander H poNKLING. I would do almost any-
Charles H. Baldwin, of the, United States ; "honorable Senator; but I
, must insist that the Journal be read this
I morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
ing will proceed. ,
The Secretary continued the reading of the
, Journal. , ,
i Mr. WILSON, (at ten 0 clock and eleven
i minutes.) 1 ask the Senator from New \oik
I if he will not allow the reading of the Journal
i to be dispensed with, and that we take up the
Navy, to accept a gold medal from the king
of the Netherlands.
Mr. PAIN E. I object.
