THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Ht. SUMNER. I appeal to the Senator
from New York to withdraw his objection and
allow us to take up the census bill. That is of
great importance.
Mr.- CONKLING. I hear the appeal of the
honorable Senator ; but I hope he will pardon
me for declining to comply with it. I insist
upon the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. FENTON, ^at ten o'clock and twelve
minutes.) There is some very important busi-
ness which we can dispose of in executive
session I think in twenty "minutes; it seems
to me we ought not to adjourn without doing
it; and I appeal to my cplleague to give way
that I may make a motion to proceed to the
consideration of. executive business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Your colleague cannot
give way; ;it is the Journal thatmustgive way,
and I want to hear it.
Mr. CONKLING-. My colleague will see
that having declined to yield to other members
of this body it would be very ungracious on my
Fart toward them now to yield to my colleague.
think the Journal ought to be read.
Mr. FENTON. I do not think those gen-
tlemen will take any exception.
Mr.CONKLING. I should be very glad
to oblige my colleague ; but 1 think the Journal
ought to be read.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The read-
ing will proceed.
Mr. WILLEY. There is so much noise in
the Hall that we are unable to hear the Journal
as it is read. It seems to be very important
that we should hear it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope, Mr. President,
order will be observed, so that we may listen to
the reading of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
will please listen to the Journal.
Mr. DRAKE. I think it proper that the
yeas and nays shall be read as they are recorded
on the Journal. I notice in the reading that
they have been omitted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing will proceed.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
Journal of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore., (at ten
o'clock and twenty minutes.) 'J he reading of
the Journal will be suspended to enable a mes-
sage to be received from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
ENROLLED HILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 94) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion ot a railroad and telegraph line from the
Central Pacific railroad, in California, to Port-
land, in Oregon," approved July 25, 1866;
A bill (S. No. 286) to extend the time for
the Little Rock afid Fort Smith Railroad Com-
pany to complete the first section of twenty
miles of said road ;
^ A bill (H. R. No. 140) to amend an act en-
titled "An aet imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobaceo, and for other purposes,"
approv-ed July 20, 1868;
A joint resolution (S. R, No. 01) extending
the time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 59) making
Sati Diego, California, a port of delivery $ and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 68) for the
protection of soldiers and their heirs.
HEADING OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ifthe reading of the Jour-
nal is not through, I ask unanimous consent to
suspend the further reading long enough to
allow me to offer an amendmentstrikingoutthe
whole of the House bill in regard to the Attor-
ney General, so as to authorize him, as he has
informed us of its necessity—I have his com-
munication here—to employ the necessary as-
sistance to transact the public business of the
country in the district attorneys' offices. I
wish to do it simply by repealing a clause that
I think went inadvertently into an appropria-
tion act. I am sure there will be unanimous
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Journal should be
Mr. TRUMBULL. The reading of the
Journal can be resumed after we dispose of
this matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we can finish the
reading of the Journal in a few moments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill has to go over
to the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it. There is
plenty of time.
Mr. SUMNER.' Look at the clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Vermont objects, of course I cannot do it; but
I think he had better let us act on the bill and
send it over to the House. The Journal may
be read afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thereadingofthe Journal
could have been finished by this time if we had
not had so much talk about it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Journal is not inter-
esting this morniDg.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is to me; very.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the Journal will be proceeded with.
The Secretary continued the reading.
Mr. SUMNER, (at ten o'clock and thirty-two
minutes.) I move that the further reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the reading will be proceeded
with.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I rise for the purpose, Mr.
President, of correcting the Journal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a privileged
question, I suppose?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; I desire to correct
the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is in order.
Mr. WILSON. I wish it stated in the
Journal that " On the motion of Mr. WilsIw
the joint resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives relative to the hours of labor was
taken from the table and read a first and sec-
ond time aud not only that, but three other
bills on the table were taken up and acted on
in the same way on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois. That is the last thing that was
done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it appear from the
bills that they were read the second time ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They are
on the Journal, but they appear by their num-
bers. The clerks have not had time'to write
out the Journal fully. The record is made
except that the bills are recorded by their num-
bers instead of their titles. The particulars
will appear on the Journal in full.
Mr. WILSON. I had the joint resolution
relative to the hours of labor read twice and
laid oti the table, so that it would be in order
to call it up to-day.
ASSISTANTS TO DISTRICT ATTORNEYS.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the bill
(H. R. No. 243) to provide for the publication
of the opinions of the Attorneys General, and
for other purposes, was read the second time
by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House sent us yes-
terday this bill providing for the publication
of the Opinions of the Attorneys General, and
for other purposes, which contains several sec-
tions, the most of which I think very appro-
priate and correct, but my associates upon the
Committee oh the Judiciary think there is not
time to examine those provisions, while all
agree that it is neoessary that something should
be done to afford the Attorney General the
necessary means to discharge the duties of his
office. 1 have prepared an amendment which
I think will meet the unanimous assent of the
Senate, which is to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert what I send to the
Chair.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all alter the enacting clause and
insert:
That so much of the act making appropriations
for tho legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of tho Government for the year ending the iOth of
June, 1870, as repeals the second section of the aet
of August 2, 18G1, entitled An act concerning the
Attorney General and the attorneys and marshals
of the sovoral districts be, and tho same is hereby,
repealed, and said section is hereby declared to be
in full force.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the last session in
the general legislative, executive, aud judicial
appropriation bill a clause was inserted under
a proviso in these words :
" Provided, That the second section of the act
of August 2, 1861, entitled 'An aet concerning the
Attorney General and the attorneys and marshals
of the several districts,' be, and the same is hereby,
repealed."
The section repealed is very short. It is in
these words:
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Attorney
General be, and be is hereby, empowered whenever,
in his opinion, the public interests may require it,
to employ and retain, in the name of the United
States, such attorneys and counselors at law as he
may think necessary to assast the district attorneys
in the discharge of their duties, and shall stipulate
with such assistant counsel the amount of comuen-
sation."
The repeal of that clause leaves the Attorney
General without any authority to employ as-
sistant counsel in the large cities to assist the
district attorneys. I have a communication
from him, and have also had an interview with
him, from which I learn that in the cities of
Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, and others it
is absolutely necessary that the district attor-
neys should have assistance to perform the
duties that are devolved upon them. It is utterly
impossible, he says, for one person physically
to discharge those duties; and-they have iu
some of these cities employed two or three
assistants. If this law is repealed the business
of the Government cannot be attended to.
This bill which the House sent us would pro-
vide for this, but it contains other provisions,
and the Committee on the Judiciary are not
willing to take it up and pass it; but iu order
not to leave the Government without the means
of enforcing its laws I have introduced this
short provision, which will restore the aet as it
was passed in 1861, and then, when we come
here in December, we can do what is best to
be done.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I concur in what my
friend from Illinois has said touching the pro-
priety of this amendment to this bill, or the
passage of what the amendment proposes iu
some bill. The bill contains seven or eight
sections covering a variety of subjects, some
of which we have acted upon hitherto in away
entirely opposite from that which the bill pro-
poses, and which I think is the right way; but
we all agree that it is right to provide the Attor-
ney General with such assistance during the
vacation as he, we having confidence iu him,
may think it necessary to have.
But what I rose particularly to say was that
the very fact that we are now called upon on the
10th of April to repeal a law that we passed
on the 3d of March repealing another law stand-
ing on the statute-book is one of the most
forcible commentaries with which I have been
lately favored of the impropriety and the dan-
ger of, in the last moments of a session, rush-
ing through every scheme that anybody sug-
gests of an improvement upon the law on ap-
propriation bills, or ^on any other bills. It
always happens, as it always must, that what
is called hasty legislation, in the heat and spur
of the last moments of a session, when every-
body is impatient of any consideration, delib-
eration, or suggestion, turns out to be vicious.
Here we have a commentary on it. Only
on the 3d of March this body and the House
