1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
of Representatives and the President of the
United States concurred in striking from the
statute-book a wise and necessary provision of
law in order to carry on the administration of
justice in the United States. Now we are
called upon in the last hour of another session to
reverse that and put it back, and indeed to do
a good many other things. Certainly I think
it is safe to go back to where the law stood;
but 1 say this in justification of my opposition
to considering any bill that involves more than
some one single point that is clearly under-
stood in the last hours, and I feel perfectly
justified in taking advantage of the rules the
Senate have provided against such excess and
haste in preventing that kind of legislation. ,
Mr. HOWE. I agree with the Senator from
Vermont that the act just read by the Senator
from Illinois, passed on the 3d of March last,
may possibly furnish rather a striking illustra-
tion of the danger of hurried legislation ; but,
in my humble judgment, it will not prove to
be near so striking an illustration of that dan-
ger as the repeal of it will seem to be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be.
Mr. HOWE. And it will be remembered
by those who come after us, if it be forgotten
by us who stand here, that this repeal is urged
forward with quite as many symptoms of dis-
patch as the act of the 3d of March last was.
Now, Mr. President, what is the effect of
the bill before the Senate? Up to 1861 you
h'ad a district attorney, the law officer of the
United States, for each judicial district in the
United States, and he proved adequate to dis-
charge the duties of the law officer of the Gov-
ernment. In 1861 this statute was put upon
the books authorizing the Attorney General to
hire assistants for his district attorneys ad
libitum. That virtually put the whole Treas-
ury of the United States into his hands so far
as he chose to disburse its funds in the em-
ployment and pay of assistant district attor-
neys. That law was only urged upon us as a
war measure ; we were falling upon evil times;
it was agreed to. It outlived the war some
three years. The Committee on Appropria-
tions in the last Congress thought it had lived
long enough and proposed its repeal. Con-
gress repealed it. The repeal has stood till
this day, and now you have a proposition to
restore that law. What then ? Then the
Attorney General will once more have the
authority that he formerly had to employ just
as many assistants and spend just as much
money—for there is no limitation upon either—
as he pleases.
I shall make no opposition to this bill. It
is recommended to us by the unanimous voice
of the Judiciary Committee. Let us have it.
But 1 do insist that the Judiciary Committee
ought to tell us by the nest session what large
citie3 there are where one district attorney
cannot meet the public exigency, and in those
large cities or large districts let us have two or
three or four or six. or a limited number of
lawyers emploved for the United States.
Mr. EDM UNDS. We mean to take this as
a temporary measure.
Mr. HOWE. It is explained as a tempo-
rary measure. The time it has existed is eight
years. How long it will exist hereafter I am
not prepared to say. I should like some
assurance on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. I am induced to say a
word upon the pending measure by what fell,
as 1 think very justly, from the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, lie says this measure
having received the unanimous assent of the
Judiciary Committee lie refrains from making
any objection to it. I wish to state to the Sen-
ale that there has been no opportunity given to
the Judiciary Committee, the time does not
suffice for an opportunity to the Judiciary Com-
mittee to express any such judgment asi the
Senator from Wisconsin attributes to it. There
has been no meeting of the committee on this
subject, there could have been no considera-
tion in regard to it. lliat, however, is the
necessity of time, and not the fault of the com-
mittee.
Mr. President, there are two provisions iir
the existing law relating to this general sub-
ject, and I incline to think thatsoine Senators
are about to vote upon this bill not under-
standing the nature of the section which it
repeals or the nature of the section which it
revives. There is nothing in this section of
the act of 1861 which authorizes district attor-
neys to employ assistants ; other statutes en-
able district attorneys to employ assistants as
they enable them to employ clerks, to rent
offices, and do a variety of things. This stat-
ute of 1861 authorizes district attorneys, or the
Attorney General for them, to employ addi-
tional counsel and assign counsel to try causes.
Therefore, if we are to adopt this legislation,
we ought to do it with a full understanding
that, passing entirely beyond the purpose of
enabling assistant district attorneys to be ap-
pointed, it is to confer a power at large to
retain counsel on behalf of the United States.
This may be the best way of arriving at what
the Attorney General finds necessary at this
time. We certainly should not consider it so
if we had the time to dispose of the subject.
It confers upon him great powers, to be sure.
It also imposes upon him very difficult matters
of discrimination, because every district attor-
ney the country over, and particularly ifl the
ratio of his own inability or reluetance to per-
form his duties, will propose the retainer of
associate counsel with him. As I say, this
may be-the best way—it is not the way, as I
understand, that the Attorney General him-
self has proposed—perhaps it is the best the
time will allow, but if we are to do it let us
understand that it is not a provision authoriz-
ing assistant district attorneys to be appointed,
but a provision at large authorizing the retainer
of counsel in all cases whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not quite agree
with the Senator from New York as to the
authority conferred by the second section of
the act of 1861. I think it does authorize
the employment of assistants to district attor-
neys, you may call them counselors, or what
not.
Mr. CONKLING. Not the appointment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The employment. It
may not be an appointment technically.
Mr. CONKLING. There are other statutes
under which appointments take place. It is an
office created by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware that
those statutes extend any further than to the
city of New York. I amnot aware of the stat-
I ute to which the Senator refers, but this statute
! expressly authorizes the Attorney General,
whenever, in his opinion, the public interests
' require it, to employ and retain such attorneys
i and counselors as he may think necessary to
assist district attorneys. That is all the power
he wants in order to employ a person by the
year to assist a district attorney. It accom-
plishes the whole object. It is not such a bill
as I would prepare; it is not the bill prepared
by the Attorney General; but it is the only
thing that in these last hours we can pass, and
I trust it will be permitted to pass without
further discussion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Wis;
consin is a little mistaken in supposing that the
act of 1861 for the first time introduced the
practice of employing persons to take the place
of district attorneys. The act of 1850, and I
dare say earlier acts still, authorized the em-
ployment of counsel to represent the district
attorney when he could not attend to the trial
of a cause. That is necessary in the adminis-
i tration of justice. The district attorney may
! be ill, he may have two causes in different
; parts of his district at the same time, so that
I the administration of justice must go on m tne
1 hands of somebody. Then came the act of
i 1861. Now this is a reviver of it. It is true,
! if it were to stand as a permanent^ statute, it
! ought to be under different limitations; but,
; as the chairman has said. t( seems necessary to
do something at, the moment in order to_ carry
us over until the next session through this long
vacation, when it is to be hoped that the Uni-
ted States will institute a good many prosecu-
tions against whisky and other violators of the
law, which must be carried on by somebody.
The bill proposed by the Attorney General
does, in effect, reenact t4ie act of 1861. I be-
lieve it is in the first section the same thing, in
totidem verbis. But, as has been suggested to
me by the honorable Senator from Maine, as
this is a principle that we do not like, it is bet-
ter to add a clause making it the duty of the
Attorney General at the commencement of the
next session to report to Congress the names
of the persons employed and the compensa-
tion paid to them, so that what is done in vaca-
tion will be reported to us, and we shall have
an opportunity then of acting upon the subject.
I move, therefore, to add to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois these
words:
And it shall be the duty of the Attorney General
to report at the commencement of the next session
of Congress, and to each succeeding session, the
names of all the persons employed for the purposes
aforesaid, and where and upon what business em-
ployed, with the compensation paid to each respect-
ively.
Is there any objection to that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no objection to
that amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us dispose of this
bill. It will not take a minute.
The PliE3IDENT_f>ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ala-
bama, which is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by tne Senator from Vermont.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 16, noes 26.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont to the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I accept that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the title
was amended so as to read, ''A bill concerning
the Attorney General."
ENROLLED BILL, ETC., SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed^ the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 403) to establish certain
post roads ; and
: A joint resolution (S. R. No. 36) respecting
I the retirement of Brevet Major General S. P.
I Heintzeiman.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that leave be granted
to withdraw the memorial and accompanying
papers of the Mechanical and Agricultural
■ Association of the city of Leavenworth, Kansas,
! from the files of the Senate,
j Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that memorial
! ask for? . , ,
i Mr. POMEROY. It is a memorial before
'! the Committee on Military Affairs asking the
ri«ht to purchase a part of the military resei va-
tion at Port Leavenworth. I ask for an order
allowing tbi-s association to withdraw their
papers.
ii Leave was granted.
