718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
CHOCTAW CLAIMS.
Mr. HA-RLA.N, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, submitted the following report:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
reterred the petition of P.P. PttcbJyn and other del-
egates of the Cnoetaw Indi.tu^ relative to their olaim
against the Government undor treaty stipulations,
hate had the same under consideration, and instruct
me to report that from a cursory examination of the
claim reterred to they find—
That iu the year 1830 the Choctaws ceded to the
United States about ten million acres of land in the
State ot Mississippi, for which the United States
agreed that the Choctaws should receive, among
other thiugs, title to various reserves.
^hat they were forced to abandon these reserves
with imi'rovoments and live stock without consid-
eration undercircurnstau-ces imposingon them great
hardships and losses.
*Thatin the year 1855 a treaty was made with these
Indians stipulating that they should havo such just
compensation as the Senute of the United States
might award.
That during the session of 1858-59 the Senate, as
the Choctaws insist, awarded them the sum of
$2,332,560 83.
That on the 2d of March. 1861, Congress by law
directed the payment of $500,000 to be charged asrainst
said Indians when their claim should be finally ad-
justed.
The question which arises in the considera-
tion of this claim is whether the United Srates is not
bound by this so-called award of the Senate, which
seems to have been recognized as of force by both
brunches of Congress in making the appropriation
of 1500,000 to be applied toward its payment, the
decision of which involves questions of law and
equity which should, in the opinion of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, be considered by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Ihey have therefore instructed me to report this
memo-ial back to the Senate, and to move that it,
together with the accompanying papers, be com-
mitted to that committer
JAMES HARLAN. Chairman.
The Committee on Indian Affairs was dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the
subject; and it was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
PAY OF SOUTHERN SENATORS.
Mr. MORTON". I move to take up for con-
sideration the resolution iu regard to the com-
pensation oftheSenatorsfroin the reconstructed
States.
Mr. FERRY. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motiou.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. McCREERY. I move to postpone the
present and all prior orders ia order that we
may take up the bill removing disabilities.
'ihePRESIDENT_p -ote £>ore. Thatmotion
is not in order until this motion is decided. It
is not in order to antagonize a motion to take
up one bill againstamotion to take up another.
The motion first submitted must be first put.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Bayard, Boreman. Brown-
low. Cameron, Casserly, Uattell, Chandler, Cole,Cor-
bett. Fowler, Hamlin. Harlan, Harris, McDonald,
Morton, Norton, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer. Stewart,Stockton, Thayer, Thurman,Tin-
ton, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham. Cragin,
Davis, Fen ton, Ferry, Fessendcn, Howard, Howe,
MeCYei'ry, Morrill, Patterson, Schuiz, Trumbull, and
Williams—15.
ABSENT—.Messrs. Carpenter, Conkling, Drake.
Edmunds, Gilbert, Grimes, Hamilton, Kellogg, Rice,
tSjiolshury, Sprague, Sunnier, Viekers, and War-
ner—14.
So the motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a message from the House of
Representatives.
FURNISHING Of tub WHITE IXODSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed a bill (H. R. No.
421) making available an appropriation here-
tofore made for furniture for the Presidential
Mansion; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN". That is a very -short
bill, and i move that it be taken up at onee
and acted upon. It is absolutely necessary to
pass it, because the money which has been
appropriated for that purpose cannot be used
in the present fiscal year as the law stands.
This biil is merely to allow the money to be
used at once. I have a letter here which ex-
plains it.
Mr. STEWART. It had better be read.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the
sum of $25,000 appropriated by the act ap-
proved March 3, 18(39, entitled ''An act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1870, and for other purposes," for the pur-
pose of refurnishing the President's House, be
made available for such purpose "without in
any event increasing the amount of the appro-
priation.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Let us hear the letter
read of which the chairman told us.
The Chief Clerk-read the following letter :
teea'suhy department,
Washington, D. C., April 9,1869.
Sir: I have this day been called upon by Brevet
Brigadier General N. Miebler, in charge of the public
buildings and ground;), to_ ascertain whether an ap-
propriation for refurnishing the President's House
of $25,000, made by an act of Congress entitled "An
act ma,king appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government lor the year ending June 30,1870,
and for other purposes," approved March 3, 1869,
could be made available before the close of the pres-
ent fiscal year; which was referred to the Comptrol-
ler for his advice, who givos it as his opinion that
it cannot be drawn before the 1st of July, 1869. As
it is a matter of some consequence that it be made
available before that period. I have to request that
an rot ina.y bo passed in order thit it may be brought
upon the books for immedia-t." use.
GEORGE S. BOUT WELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. James G. Bhink.
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I notice that the "bill
reads "that the sum of $25,000, &c., is hereby
made available for such purpose." JTt is avail-
able now, but not until the close of the present
fiscal year. I think, therefore, it will be neces-
sary to amend it. I move to amend it by in-
serting after the word " available" the words
" during the present fiscal year."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. Jt was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was lead the third time, and passed.
PAY OF SOUTHERN SENATORS.
Mr. CHANDLER, I now ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to pass a little bill
which is a matter of local interest in my own
State.
Mr. MORTON. I cannot allow anything
else to intervene. I object until the vote is
taken on the resolution called up on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion of the Senator from
Michigan cannot be entertained. The resolu-
tion before the Senate will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Morton, as follows:
Kesoived, That the Secretary of the Senate be di-
rected to pay to the Senators from the States of JNIorth
Carolina. South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, Ark-
ansas, and Louisiana the compensation allowed by
law, to be computed from the commencement of tne
second session ot' the Fortieth Congress,
Mr. EDMUNDS. IIow many times has that
resolution been read; I mean in the technical
sense V
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is on its
second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is read a second time
now ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole and
open to amendment.
Mr. FERRY. 1 move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the time fixed for the com-
mencement of the compensation in the resolu-
tion, which I think is " the commencement of
the second session of the Fortieth Congress,"
and inserting in lieu thereof "June25, 1868."
Mr. President* this resolution and kindred
resolutions have been before the Senate some
five or six times. The original resolution was
to pay the members from these States from the
commencement of the Fortieth Congress—
something more than a year before the States
which they represent were admitted to repre-
sentation in Congress. That resolution was
referred to the Judiciary Committee, and the
Judiciary Committee after examining the whole
question reported back a resolution requiring
the members from these States to be paid from
the date of the admission of their respective
States, which was the 2oth of June, 1808. I
hold that aciion in my hand.
Mr. DRAKE. I think the honorable Sen-
ator is mistaken in point of fact there. I do
not think that was included in the resolution
of the Committee on the Judiciary, but the
resolution of the Committee on the Judiciary
was so amended on the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] if
my memory serves me correctly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the facts in regard
to-it, if my friend-from Connecticut will allow
me, were these: this matter was brought up in
the Senate without a reference to the commit-
tee on a resolution offered in the Senate to pay
the Senators from those States from the com-
mencement of the Fortieth Congress, suppos-
ing that the precedent in the Tennessee case
had settled that principle. It was amended in
the Senate on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky so as to pay them, I think—I have
not the Journal before me—from the time that
their Slates were respectively admitted to rep-
resentation in Congress. 1 may not be exact
to it.
Mr. DRAKE. That is my memory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed that that
settled the matter ; but at a subsequent time
another resolution was introduced reviving the
subject again. That resolution went to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary then investigated the mat-
ter and reported the resolution back to the
Senate adversely, on the ground that the ques-
tion had been settled by the Senate after con-
sideration, and they were opposed to opening
it again. I think that was the action of the
committee.
Mr. FERRY. The statement which I made,
therefore, is in substance correct. So that
we have had the action of the Judiciary Com-
mittee and the action of the Senate upon this
subject determining the mode in which the
Senators referred to should receive their com-
pensation. One of those Senators in the For-
tieth Congress from the State of Florida is no
longer a member of this body. He has re-
ceived his compensation in accordance with
the order of the Senate; but if the order is
now changed in accordance with the resolu-
tion'introdueed by the Senator from Indiana,
that Senator, as well as the other Senators now
upon the floor, will be entitled to that additional
compensation. Not only is this so, but the
same rule also would apply to the members of
the House of Representatives from these sev-
eral States; and although I have not made
the computation to-day, yet when the subject-
matter was before the Senate on a former
occasion I did make a computation, and I
found that the amount to be taken from the
Treasury by the passage of this resolution for
the payment of compensation to the members
of the two Houses for services never rendered
when the law forbade their States to be repre-
sented in Congress would be something more
than one hundred thousand dollars.
Now, sir, I am unwilling to participate in
legislation of this kind. So long as those
States were incapable of being represented in
Congress it is not right to take money from the
heavily burdened Treasury of this country to
pay for services which never have been len-
dered, and the.people will hold those of us
who vote for this resolution to a strict account-
ability. If the compensation of these gentle-
men in the two Houses, from the date of the
admission of their States, is paid, then they
will, a portion of them at any rate, receive
compensation for a period, brief indeed, when
they had not as yet taken their seats in Con-
gress; but I am willing, and I think it right,
to pay compensation from the date of the
admission of the State, aud therefore have
