1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
middle of the fall. Their Representatives re-
ceived no pay for that time. Now we pay a
salary. The-ie States have not changed their
laws and do not provide .Representatives here
to do the work at the opening of a Congress.
1 think they ought to correct that.
Mr. DAVIS. Kentucky has.
Mr. 110 WE. The Senator says Kentucky
has. I hope Connecticut will. I think every
State ought to be provided with her represent-
ation here at the opening of a Congress. But
this is the fact in regard to Connecticut and
Kentucky : they have the same right to repre-
sentation here that New York or Massachu-
setts or any State has ; and if their Repre-
sentatives are absent for a day or a week or a
month, and it is the fault of the State or the
fault of the Representative, it is a question for
the Legislature to say whether they shall be
paid for that absent time or not. The case
ol these States is very different. Until the
2",th day of June. 1868, these States had no
more right to be represented here than Colo-
rado or Utah or New Mexico have, and had
no Representatives here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had none elected.
Mr. HOWE. None elected, and no right to
elect. Mr. President, if you were to admit
Coloiado into the Union to-morrow would
it not be thought an extravagant proposition,
when her Senators came here, that they should
be paid a year in advance of the time of their
election, or three months, no matter what
the length of time is, and in advance of the
time that Colorado was authorized to elect?
There is no analogy, on the other hand, be-
tween this case and the case of Tennessee.
V hen 1 ennessee sent her Senators here she
had by the laws of the land just as good a
right to send Senators as Massachusetts had.
Sue chose them and sent them heie. They
came here and asked for their seats. You did
nut tell them whether they should have their
teats or not until months, years. I think, had
transpiied. Then )0u admitted them to their
seats." and then you made them payment, as
\ i)a weie bound to make them payment, from
the time they weie elected and came here. It
v.as not the fault of Tennessee, it was not the
fault <>t her representatives; it was your tault
that they were not doing the work of Senators.
I say the laws at that time when these Sen-
atois were elected gave Tennessee the same
right; to elect them that the laws to-day give to
Massachusetts or to South Carolina. There
no question about it. Subsequently you
denied that right: and before the Senators
weie admitted to their seats 
Mr. WILSON 1 hope the Senator will let
us have a vote on this question of postponing.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be entirely willing to
let the vote be taken on that in ten minutes
fiom this time. [Laughter.] But if my fiiend
insists on it 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is very
interesting. I hope he will go on.
Mr. HOWE. No. I would rather accom-
modate biv friend from Massachusetts than
even to accommodate my friend from Maine.
It almost breaks my heart to deny him any
favor. I guess I will yield the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote. j
Sir. MORTON. I have just one word^to say. i
The Senator from Kentucky and the Senator j
from Wisconsin have made out a distinction,
but they have wholly failed to make out the j
d'itereiice. I presume my friend from Ken- ^
I uekv lias a lively recollection of the time when I
the members of Congress from Kentucky drew j
p-i\ tor five months before the time they were i
elected. I do not know whether my fnend was
ill Congress at that time or not. It is simply a
(lut'stion a« to whether these Senators shall be
treated with the same liberality that others
before them have been. The attempt to dis-
tinguish these eases from the ease ol 1 ennessee
w wholi\ impossible. Irom the ease ot l^en-
tuekv or from the case of Connecticut, but,
sir. i do not wish to debate it, and simply ask
fur a vote
Mr. CUAGIN. Mr. President, it w
•I 1ST TUNC. 1ST NKSS.—>.'<>• -K>-
ould
gratify my feelings very much to vote for this
resolution, but I find in tthe preamble to an act
of Congress, the first ofthe reconstruction acts:
"Whereas no legal State governments or adequate
protection for life or property now exist in the rebel
States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida,
Texas, and Arkansas," *fcc.
At that time we declared that there was no
legal State government in either of these
States. There were no legal State governments
there according to law until June, 1868. If any
representative here ever drew pay from a State
before it had a legal State government I am
ignorant of the fact.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate, I suppose,
will remember that when the Senators came
here I moved that they draw for their terms the
same as I did when I came; but the Senate
overruled that and hitched them on to old
terms that either had expired or were about to
expire. If we had allowed these Senators to
draw for their terms as those from new States
do there would be no question about it.
Mr. FESSENDENT I wish to -make one
suggestion to the Senate in regard to the prin-
ciple involved here. As has been stated by
my friend from Wisconsin and others, the pay
of these Senators has been fixed to take effect
from the time we passed the lav/ by which their
States became entitled to representation. If
we go back of that we must act upon the prin-
ciple that inasmuch as these States existed all
the time, although they were not entitled to
representation, the States must be considered
as entitled to so much money out 9f the Treas-
ury for their Seuators and Representatives,
and therefore it is proposed to go back a little
| further to the beginning of the session at which
| these Senators were admitted, going back sev-
i eral months. Now, let us see how far this
j would go. If you put it on the principle that
I the State having got into the Union is entitled
' to so much money because she was entitled to
; two Senators with a certain amount of pay, you
must go back to the beginning of the Congress.
Why do you stop at the beginning of the sec-
ond session? She is jnst as much entitled to
it, and her members are as much entitled to
pay for the first session of Congress as from
> the beginning of the second session. More
: than that, if she is entitled to it for that Con-
■ gress she is entitled to it for all the time there
, was a vacancy. For instance, if my honorable
; friend from South Carolina came in here to
serve two years to make up a term, he should
go back to the beginning of that term and draw
i his pay from the time when the term com-
menced. What propriety is there in this? And
'! yet this is the argument upon which the reso-
!, lution of the honorable Senator from Indiana
; is based. It can be based on 110 other except
the idea of a donation to these gentlemen.
' Now, 1 know nobody more worthy of it; I
■ should be very glad it we had a legal and moral
i right to make a donation to our friends in con-
i sideration of their sacrifices, past, present, and
I to come, to give it to them; but alter all X do
i not see any propiiety in it, and if they are the
] gentlemen I think they are I do not believe
I one of them would accept a sixpence out of
I the Treasury on any such principle. They
! must take it on the principle that they are
entitled as Senators from the States——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine will suspend his i eniarks tor
a moment and allow a message from the House
of Representatives to be received.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPiiersov, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
expressing sympathy for the people and con-
cerning the "recognition of the independence
of Cuba.
ENHOLIiEB BIU.S SIGNET*.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore :
°A bill"(.11. R. No. 421) making available an
appropriation heretofore made for furniture
for the Presidential Mansion ;
A bill (H. R. No. 243) concerning the At-
torney General; and
A bill (H. R. No. 92) to discontinue Saul/
Ste. Mane as a port of entry in the Superioi
district, and to establish Marquette in lieu
thereof.
message prom the hoosk.
A message from the House of Represent
atives, by Mr. Li.otd, its Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House Had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution :
A bill (S. No. 278) for the relief of Rollin
White ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 64) appointing
General Thomas Osborn a manager of the
Asylum for Disabled Soldiers.
l'ay of southern senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I was saying, they
must take this money, if voted, oil the princi-
ple that their States are entitled to it, or that
they as Senators from States which were not
in the Union at the time, or not entitled to rep-
resentation, ought to have-it; and if so, you
must go back to the time when the term for
which they were elected began, for you must
carry the principle out.
Mr. WARNER. I ask the Senator from
Maine if he will not yield and allow me to make
a motion to lay this matter aside, that we may
take up the House disability bill and consider
it ? It is very essential that it should be passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
motion is not in order, there being a motion
pending to take up another bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise the point of
' order whether a motion can be put to lay one
measure aside and take up another particular
measure?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not if a
I division of the motion is called for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, if this resolution
is laid aside, it will be an open question what
shall be taken up in place of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Alabama
well knows that the disability bill cannot now
be passed, cannot even be read; that nothing
whatever can be done with it. It is well known,
fully understood by Senators, that the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Indiana requires three
readings, and that it cannot have another read-
ing unless by unanimous consent, and that
unanimous consent cannot be obtained. Know-
ing that the resolution submitted by the Sen-
ator from Indiana could not pass, I moved to
' postpone its consideration, to take up the res-
olution of the House of Representatives relat-
ing to the hours of labor. The House of Rep-
resentatives. by a vote approaching unanimity,
sent us this joint resolution explanatory ofthe
act making eight hours a day s work for labor-
; ers, workmen, and mechanics employed by the
j Government of the United States. That act
! has been misconstrued by thc^ officers of the
; Government, and I am told this misconstruc-
| tion will be persisted in. Believing that the
i officers of the Government have misconstrued
j the laws, and believing, too, that they intended
' to persist in that misconstruction, I moved to
,1 postpone the resolution proposed by the Sen-
: i ator from Indiana, so that the judgment ot the
I Senate could be taken on this resolution of the
II House, believing, as I do, if it could be brought
I to a vote, it would pass by a large majority,
j But, sir, my motion is lost: the will ot the
!i Senate is defeated by the persistence of the
i Senator from Indiana in keeping before us a
resolution that has had no earthly chance to
pass this day. . , ,
\ I cannot express to you, sir, how much
regard the failure of the Senate to consider
this resolution ofthe House of Representa-
tives iu relation to the hours of labor \\ hen
in June last the act was passed providing tnat
liould constitute a day's work
the
eight hours sb
Senator from v./"*- Lr
to amend it as to provide that the rate ot
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Snupus} moved so
