SENATE—SPECIAL SESSION.
FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS.
SPECIAL SESSION.
IN SENATE. !j
Moxd.w. April 12, 1869.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo re ( Hoii.Henuy ^
B. Anthony) called the Senate to order. 'i
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New- j
mvx. b. D.
The PRESIDENT 'pro tempore. The Sen- \
ate is convened in pursuance of a proclama-
turn of the President of the United States,
which wiii be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read the following proclama- !,
lion:
By the President of the United Slate* of America: :!
A Proclamation. 1!
"VVuereas objects of interest to the United States ■
require that the Senate should be convened at twelve ,;
o'clock on the 12th day of April, 1869, to receive and J
upon such communications as may be made to it
ontlie part of the Kxecutive:
Now, therefore, I, U. S. Grant, President of the
Tinted States, have considered it to be my duty to
i-.«ue this my proclamation, declaring that an ex- ■
traordiuaxy occasion requires the Senate of the Uni- .
ted States to convene for the transaction of business
at the Capitol, in the city ot Washington, on the 12th
day of April, 18(39, at twelve o'clock noon on that ,1
day, of which all who shall at that time be entitled ■ |
ro act as members of that body are hereby required ,
to take noticc. . ■,
(iiven under my hand and the seal of the I nited :
States, at Washington, on the eighth day of
-. . - April m the year of our Loid one thousand
^eal.j ciiyht hundred and sixty-nine, and ot the
independence ofthe United State&of America
the ninety-third.
U. S. GRAM.
By the President:
H vmiltox Pish, Swreta/y of Stxfe.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT. .
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
j>. solved, That a committee to consist of two mem-
bers be appointed by the President of the Senate to
wait upon the President ol the United States and in-
i->rin huu that a quorum of the Senate has assembled,
and that tiie Senate is ready to receive any com-
munication he may be pleaded to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Miosis. Hamux and Caskeuia" liie committee.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the committee, subse-
quently (duringthe executive session) reported
that the committee had performed the duty ,
aligned them, and that the President would
presently communicate with the Senate in
wi itingand several executive messages were
alterward received from the President by Mi.
IloiiACr, Porter, his Secretary.
noun ok meeting.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Or<i'-red, That tho liour of tin1 daily meeting of the
Senate he twelve o'clock in. until otherwise ordered.
petition
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Jacob H. Catlin, of Austin, Texas praying
725
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. j
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. A. II. Howard have leave to
withdraw her petition and papers from the iiics of ,
the Senate. \
standing committees. !
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res ,
oiution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the standing committees of the Sen-
ate as they stood at the close of the late session be ,
continued during the present session.
executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi- .
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after several
hours spent in*exeeutive session the doors were i
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. j
Tuesday, April 18, 1809. j
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New- j
max, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and :
approved. j
PETITION. ij
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of sol- j
diers of the war of 1812, praying to be allowed |
pensions : which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
CLAIMS AGAINST GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Jic-olved, That five hundred additional copies of
the President's message ofthe 7tli instant and the
: accompanying documents, relating to claims against
' Great Britain, be printed for the use of the JDepart- |
; ment ot State.
I I know that under ordinary circumstances '
| the resolution should be referred to the Com- !
mittee on Printing ; but perhaps the Senate
may be disposed to act upon it at once alter
hearing a letter from the Secretary of State,
which I send to the Chair.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore. The letter
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
i Defabtmext or 8t*tb,
Washinoi'o.n, April 12, 1869.
Sir : I have the hopor to request that you will
■ oti'er such a lesolutimi for adoption by the Senate as
will provide lor the use of this Department live hun-
' drcd copies ot the President's message of the Tth iu-
ctant and the accompanying documents relating to
claims anaui-t (treat Britain. These papers were
or. the 9 th instant ordered by theSenateto be printed,
1 subject to the supervision of the Secrebuy of btate,
but no provi-non was made for copies for tae u^e ot
this Department. ,
I have the honor to be, sir, your obe. lent servant,
HAAll-LiOA riSri.
Hon. Oi iRT.i:s Sumxf.R, Chairmrai of the Committte on
i-'o/' 'iqh Relations, Senate.
' The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. It is not
a rule ot' the Senate but a law of Con-
gress that requires all motions to print addi-
tional copies of documents to be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. Cannot that be dispensed
with by unanimous consent?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a law
of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I call attention to the fact
that these are additional copies for the Depart-
ment of State, and not for Congress. It struck
me that that made a distinction between the
ordinary case, where additional copies were
voted for members of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after several
hours spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Wednesday, April 14, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after several hours spent therein
1 the doors were reopened, and the Senate
• adjourned.  
Thursday, April 15, 18G0.
| Piayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
j man, D. D.
' The Journal of yesterday was read and
! approved. i
| personal explanation.
| Mr. ANTHONY, (Mr. Morrill in the
chair.) Mr. President, before the Senate pro-
i ceeds to the regular business of the day, I
desire to interpose an act of justice. It will
be remembered that, a few days ago, certain
persons of respectable standing, private citi-
zens, my constituents, were assailed in this
Chamber in an extraordinary manner: con-
sidering that the assault was made by one of
their own Senators, I may say an unprecedented
manner. I spoke some words in reply in
vindication of the insulted honor of .Rhode
Island, ill defense ofthe sacred memory of the
: dead, and of the reputation of living^ men,
' among them those to whom I have reterred.
This assault was not confined to those vague
generalities which it is difficult to answer be-
, cause it is almost impossible to define. It,
■ conta ,ined at least one specific, positive, defi-
; nite allegation: that the persons accused had
!i proposed to enter into a conspiracy for enrich-
'; ing themselves at the expense of their fellow-
