726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
citizens, for arranging their business in such
manner as to insure and enlarge their own
prosperity by breaking down the others en-
gaged in the same business; a charge which,
although defining nothing prohibited by law,
is so abhorrent to all sense of fairness, so
damaging to honest reputation, as not to be
lightly made, and never to be credited, except
on ample proof or open confession.
A charge made in this Chamber has a pecu-
liar significance and a peculiar effect. It does
not die upon the air, with the breath that utters
it. It is placed upon record ; it is spread upon
the pages of the Congressional Globe; it passes
into history.
The Senate has high privileges ; privileges
essential to its dignity and its inviolability;
privileges that are guarantied by the Consti-
tution, that are acknowledged and respected
by the people, and that arc sometimes liable
to abuse upon this floor. And others, not
entitled to seats in this Chamber, have privi-
leges which, although not defined by statute,
nor protected by the fundamental law, rest on
the enduring principles of justice, which are
the unwritten law of honorable men. And
one of these privileges is that, when men's
names are brought into this Chamber, and
without offense or agency or cause of their own,
and covered with obloquy, they should have a
hearing in the same presence and their defense
should enjoy the same publicity and have the
same permanent record.
I ask the Secretary to read the card which
I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the following:
Card.—It is for tb e State of Rhode Island to brand
with lasting infamy the foul and atrocious calumnies
with which the character of the people of this State
has been aspersed before the world upon the floor of
the Senate of the United States, by one of its mem-
beis, placed there by the State itself. But it is in-
cumbent upon us publicly to notice a specific alle-
gation rnadein the speech of Hon. William Spkasue
on the 8th day of this month, in the Senate of the
United States, and contained in these words:
" This great family came to me in 1So7 and made
this proposition: 'Let us join our forces, prevent
a suspension of specie payment, break down those
who are our rivals in business or otherwise, and buy
up their property.' At that time I had no debts
whatever pressing upon me. But did I unite with
them in cairying into effect this vicious and per-
nicious scheme? Sir, I did not. I repudiated and
spurned the proposal."
This charge is naadein the presence of the Senate,
under the privileges of that body, guarantied by
these words of the Constitution of the United States :
"And for any speech or debate in either House,
they shall not be questioned in any other places."
But we, in the presence of the great tribunal of
publio justice, ana under the porsonal responsibility
of our own names, hereby declare that this allega-
tion is totally falso and malicious.
There are other imputa tions against us in thesame
speech, equally unfounded, but as they are couched
in vague and indefinite expressions, wo do not deem
It necessary to notico thnni, further than to deny
explicitly the charge made of our attempt to impair
the mercantile standing of the Senator.
We are totally ignorant of any occasion which
can justify or explain the attack made upon us by
Senator Speagoe.
BROWN & IYES,
By Jons Carter Bkoivn, and Robert PI. Ives,
Sole Partners.
Providence, April 12,1869.
Mr. ANTHONY. My purpose lias been
accomplished. I have placed in the Congres-
sional Globe the denial by the side of the accu-
sation. I have done this without the request
or the knowledge of the persons who have 1
signed the statement that has just been read. \
1 would, under the same circumstances, have
done it for the humblest of my constituents.
Indeed, to a generous mind, it is more pleas-
ant to defend the poor and the lowly, who are
not able to defend themselves, than the rich,
and powerful, who, in some way or another,
can vindicate their own wrongs. But to hon-
est men, whether rieh or poor, there is one |
possession dearer than any other, and that is
honor. No right-minded man is indifferent to
the judgment of his fellow-men ; and although
the consciousness of right will sustain a man
under the imputation of wrong, even that will
not take the sting from slander, nor make him
careless of unanswered calumny. I have done
this as a Rhode Island Senator, speaking in
defense of Rhode Island men, unjustly assailed,
on this floor, where they cannot speak for
themselves, and where they and all others, in
the constituency to which they belong, have a
right to expect that I should speak for them.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after several hours spent therein,
the doot-s were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
Friday, April 16, 1869.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. .T. P. Nkw-
max, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
survey of the isthmus of darien.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was ordered to lie on the table :
Jiesolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and
he hereby is, authorized, with the consent of the
Government of Colombia, to cause a thorough sur-
vey to be made for a sliip-railway or sliip-canal
across the Isthmus ofDarien, from San Miguel to the
Gulf of Uraba or Darien.
final adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President pro tempore be, and
he hereby is, directed to adjourn the Senate without
day on Saturday, April 17, 1869, at five o'clock after-
noon.
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING-. As there seems to be no
business in open session, I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after several hours spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
Saturday, April 17, 1869.
Prayer by Rev. Dexter E. Clait, of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was read ajid
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WTLLEY presented the petition of
James L. Scoggin, of Virginia, praying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Ohio, remonstrating against
any further grants of the public lands to rail-
roads or other corporations; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
final adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
resolution I offered yesterday on the subject of
the final adjournment of this body.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
Resolved, That the President pro tempore be, and
he hereby is, directed to adjourn the Senate without
day on Saturday, April 17,1869, at five o'clock after-
noon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
resolution by making it Monday afternoon at
fiv.e o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator to
say Tuesday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the resolution. It has not yet been taken up.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to its consid-
eration now.
_ The PRESIDENT_profe j?o?'e. An objec-
tion does not cairy it over. The resolution
was introduced yesterday, and can be taken
up on motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
take it up.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate is too thin to
consider it now.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate is very thin,
and Senators know very well that there is busi-
ness before the Senate in executive session
which cannot be brought to a close this after-
noon, nor Monday afternoon, nor, I submit,
Tuesday afternoon, without injustice to the
public business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question is on taking
up the resolution, and I do not think it is fair
to discuss its merits on that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend will allow me to
say that I do not think we have got quite far
enough in the jsublic business to say when we
can fix a time for adjournment. 1 think that
we must wait at least until the beginning of
the week, and then we shall see our way more
clearly. I hope, therefore, the resolution will
not be taken up to-day, but will be allowed to
lie until Monday, when we can take it up, and
we may see our way then to fixing a day.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the resolution
will be taken up, and especially in view of the
suggestion made by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. If we are likely to adjourn on
Tuesday, I submit it would be very unwise to
leave it all uncertain until Monday. On the
contrary, I say that both we and the President
ought to know the time in advance. The other
House is not here, and therefore no concur-
rence will be necessary in a resolution to re-
scind ; and we all know that by a mere informal
motion the adjournment can be postponed. I
have seen it postponed from hour to hour, even
during my service here, at an executive ses-
sion. So that it seems to me there can be no
objection to it, but on the contrary it would
be economy of time in advance to fix the hour
of adjournment.
I wish to make one other suggestion, with-
out at this moment making a formal motion ;
and that is, that a committee be appointed to
wait on the President and ascertain, if there
be any doubt about this, his view of the time
when the Senate can conveniently and properly
adjourn; to inquire of him what further com-
munications he has to make, and to what
extent, as far as he can indicate, it will be ne-
cessary for the Senate to remain. If any Sen-
ator thinks we are likely to be caught in diffi-
culty by fixing the time now, that will obviate
it. But I submit there can be no danger in
taking up this resolution now and fixing Mon-
day or Tuesday as the day of adjournment,
knowing as we do, that by a simple vote of this
body we can extend it as often a,s we please,
as we have done heretofore repeatedly, he-
cause it has been done within my brief experi-
ence here. I recollect that at a called session,
either last year or the year before, the time of
adjournment was extended on the last day, an
hour at a time I think three or four times. I
I am sure lam not wrong in saying as often as
that from hour to hour, to the end that every-
thing might be done, so that we shall run no
risk now by fixing the time of adjournment.
When this resolution is disposed of I shall call
up the motion that a committee be appointed
to wait upon the President and ascertain, as
far as he can inform us, what necessity there
may be for our remaining here further.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that thai inquiry
be made of the President of the United States
before we fix the time of adjournment. If we
fix the time first, and then make the inquiry
of him, it will be reversing the proper order.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that instead
of discussing this question we had better pro-
ceed with the consideration of the business for
which this session lias been called. I therefore
move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion and let us vote on this
resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. We certainly are not pre-
pared to fix the day of adjournment now, al-
though I am as favorable to an early adjourn-
ment as any member of this body. We have
now had nominations sent us at the rate of
one hundred and fifty a day for a week past;
and if we fix the day of adjournment now lor
