1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
Monday or Tuesday, it will not give us the '
proper time for examination and scrutiny of j
the names sent to us. We are forcing this !
thing through as if the business that ought to j
occupy us a month must be done in two or ,
three days. 1 am very anxious to adjourn, and j
I hope we shall be able to adjourn at an early !
day next week; but I think it would be rather |
imprudent for us now to indicate a day. ]
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears to me that i
the wisest thing that anybody can do who I
wishes to finish up business is to fix some j
limit of time within which you will do it. Our ,
experience has taught us that that is the true j
way to do when we have reached a reason- ;
able period toward the expiration of a session,
as we all agree we have now. The most ex- j
treme enthusiast, my friend from Massacbu- 1
setts, only looks to next week, if I correctly
understand him on the subject of sitting, and
J think that is a very great concession indeed ,
from him, because I never knew the day to j
come when iny friend from Massachusetts j
really thought the Senate ought to adjourn. I i
hope the time will come now, as he has come I
down now to within a week, that we shall see j
him in favor of an adjournment on some par- j
ticular day. I have good reason to know—and
I beg the Senator from Massachusetts to listen
when I say it—that there is nothing connected
with executive business, aside from treaties,
that will require our attendance, in the judg-
ment of those who have a right to have a judg-
ment upon it, beyond Monday afternoon at the
furthest. Now, let me suggest to him—in view
of these circumstances, inasmuch as the time
of adjournment if we fix it is entirely in our j
control; we do not have to consult the House jj
of Representatives, and if we wish to rescind jj
ir or postpone it we can doit—whether it would ,j
not be wise and proper now to set a limit, so jj
that we can diligently apply ourselves to busi- i
ness and finish it by such a time : and if we ;
iijrl ourselves overpressed we can extend it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Vermont ,
says that it is within his knowledge that there !
is nothing in the way of nominations to keep j
us after Monday afternoon. My information j
is not in harmony with that of the Senator. I
think that, so far as nominations are concerned,
there will be much for us to do alter Monday j
afternoon. I may be mistaken, but T think i j
cannot be in that respect. ^ !
Then, there is another matter which comes 1
move within my precise information ; and that j
i=. treaties now pending before the Senate, and j
I am sure that those cannot be adequately dis- i
cusscd and considered by the Senate between .
new and Monday afternoon. If the Senator
proposes in this indirect way to strike at trea-
ties now pending here, that is another tiling.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon ; 1 do
not propose to strike at anybody or anything.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Then the Sen-
ator will pardon me if I say that his proposi-
tion does necessarily imply that certain treaties
submitted to the judgment of this body shall
not be considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend mean to
suggest that it is striking at a treaty to say that
wTwant time to think about it.' I do not
think it is necessarily evidence of opposition
to a treaty that you do not want to adopt all
the treaties in the world in one week or one
session. . , ,
Mr. SUMNER, But there are treaties that
hu-.e not yet been considered by the Senate,
anil which. I submit, it is the duty of the Sen-
ate at least to consider and hear what is to ne
said in reference to them. I persevere in my
motion that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. Hie ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the resolution in regard to adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. My motion was that tlie
Senate proceed to the consideration ot execu-
tive business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Doesth.it lake precedence
of inv motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an I
inquiry of the Chair. Will it be in order in j
executive session to move such a committee !
as I have indicated? |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would j
be, in the opinion of the Chair, as it relates to i
executive business*. The question now is on I
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, j
that the Senate proceed to the consideration j
of executive business. * j
The question being put, there were on a j
division—ayes 19, noes 12; no quorum voting, j
Mr. MORTON. Let us have the yeas and ;
nays. j
Mr. CONKLING. There is a quorum in
the Chamber. Let us divide again.
The question being again put, there were on
a division—ayes 18, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. RAMSEY. Would a motion to adjourn
be in order?
Mr. CONKLING. Not while the Senate is
dividing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to adjourn would be in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I make that, motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that in order pending
a division?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have not been ordered. They have
been demanded, but the Cl.air has not yet put
the question on ordering them.
Mr. RAMSEY'. As there appears to be no
quorum, and we are not likely to do any busi-
ness to-day, I make the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DRAKE. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the honorable Senator from Minne-
sota. I ask him if he will yield now for a
motion to appoint a committee to wait on the
President and ascertain, as far as he can in-
form us, how long it will be necessary for us to
remain here ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, no; I think that is
premature at present.
Mr. CONKLTNG. It cannot do any harm.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it is premature.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator decline
to withdraw his motion for a moment?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir, for that purpose.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 4, nays So ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, R.ainsey, Ross, and Trum-
AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boieman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly. Chandler, Goie,
Conking. Crngin, Davis, Brake Edmunds, Fenton,
Fessendf.n, Fowler, Harlan, Howard, Howe Alc-
Creerv. Jlornl'. Morton. Patterson, Pomerov. Pratt,
lliee.'sehuii, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart,
Snmner, Tipton. Willey. "W illiams, and \\ dson—3b.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bavard, Cameron, Cattell, Cor-
bett, Feiry, Gilbert, Grimes. Hamilton, Haralm,
Harris, Kcllogsr, McDonald, jNortoii, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, Robertson, Saolsbury. Sawyer. Sprague.
Stockton, Thayer, Thurman, \ ickers, Earner, and
Yates—26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. i move the appointment
by the Chair of a committee of two to wait
upon the President of the United States and
ascertain from him, so far as he can inform us,
what further attendance of the Senate at this
session is nccessary in respect of nominations.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that in order whne a
motion is pending to go into executivesession ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
The motion to go into executive session takes
j precedence. .
; Mr. SUMNER. And I ask for the yeas and
: nays on that motion.
1 The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
I taken, resulted—yeas 00. nays 8 ; as ioilows ;
! YEAS —Messrs. Alihott. Boreuian Brownlow,
■ Buckingham, Carpenter,, Cole, Conkling,
' Davis, Drake, Fenton, lcs=enaen, Harlan, Hair =,
i Howard, lloive, Morton, Patterson. Pomeioj, 1 iatt,
: llnmiev, Rice, Srhurz, Scott Sherman Spencer,
; Sumner. Tipton, Williams, and Wilson—,>0.
j X WS—Me-srs. Anthony, CasMsrly, i-Mmundt. Tow -
! ler, McCi-eerj, Morrill, Stockton and ^ illcy-S.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Latiell
I Chandler, Corbett, Ferry, Oil'
ton, Hamlin, Kellogg, McDonald, Norton, Nye,
Osborn, Pool, Robertson, Ross. Saulsbury. Sawyer,
Sprague, Stewart, Thayer, Thurman, Trumbull,
Viekers, Warner, and Yates—28.
So the motion was agreed to
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after
several hours spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Monday, April 19, 186a.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the petition of Samuel D. Sullivan, of Texas,
pray.ing for the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented resolutions adopted at the
annual meeting of the State Grand Council of
the Union League of America of the State of
Virginia, held in Richmond, March 8, 1839,
entreating Congress to refuse all applications
from persons asking the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities unless such applications are
indorsed by the regular Republican organiza-
tion of the county and State in which they
reside ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received from the Vice President a com-
munication addressed to him by Reverdv John-
son, the American minister at London, inclos-
ing a memorial from certain persons in London
addressed to the Senate, praj ing that assistance
be granted to persons desiring to emigrate to
the United States. Although the State Depart-
ment is the proper channel of communication
between the subjects or citizens of foreign
countries and this Government, as this memo-
rial is entirely respectful in its language and
evidently actuated by a sincere admiration of
our institutions, if there be no objection the
Chair will la}7 it before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is it from foreign subject.; ?
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. From for-
! eign subjects through the American minister,
i Mr. HAMLIN. I move that it he on the
j table for the present.
j The motion was agreed to.
BOOKS OF TIIE SENATE.
■ Mr. MORRILL. I-present a resolution, and
1 ns it is for the benefit of Senators I trust it
may be considered now ;
Rr^oloeii, That the architect of the Capitol be
directed to have a loom in tlic attic stoiy or tuc
Capitol in the rear of the. SupremeCouit-room btted
;! up for the reception of the books belonging to the
I' office of the Secretary of the Senate, which are now
I deposited in the room of the Committee on Appro-
i priations, and in the upper corridors ot the Senate.
i I have consulted the architect of the Capitol
I extension, and find that there is a room that
( is available there ; and it will be far more cou-
i venient to the Senate to have these books that
j; are now scattered about, some of them in
jl boxes and a large number in the room of the
Committee on Appropriations, put in due form
ii in a room where they can be available to Sen-
j ators for reference. I trust the resolution will
i! be adopted.
i: The resolution was considered by unanimous
;; consent, and agreed to.
KKLATIONS WITH ORKAT BRITAIN'.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Clerk to read
a resolution which I intend to offer after niac-
in"' a few explanatory remarks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
; lution will be read for information.
' The Chief Clerk read as follows;
IlfsnlveJ, That in the judgment of the Senate the
t true solution of all controversies betwjeu Crc„t
!l Britain and tbeUmted States will octomid m a siu-
l ender of all British m V rtb
tntlie Doopleotthebmleditatef,   1
The reso-
Grimes 1U;\uU- - to the people 01
