728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
identbe, andheis hereby, requested to open negotia-
tions as soon as practicable for a settlement of all
matters in dispute upon that basis.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I think
the time has come to say precisely what we
mean. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] the other day made a speech in ex-
ecutive session, from which the injunction of
secrecy has been removed so that it has now
"become public, upon our relations with Great
Britain. I congratulate the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and I congratulate the country upon
the advance which that Senator has made upon
this question. Seven years ago—in the year
1862—I had occasion many times to allude to
this very subject before the people in my own
State and out of it. I then asserted? as I have
asserted ever since, that every depredation
committed upon American commerce, direct
or indirect, ought to be and must be paid lor
by the Government of Great Britain.
In 1864, before Sherman had reached the
sea, while he was on his great march, before
the capture of Savannah, 1 offered resolutions
in this body which were objected to by our
present, or rather late minister to Great Britain,
but they received no action. I wiil read the
resolutions I offered December 14, 1804, and
the remarks I made at that time:
"Mr. Chandler. Mr. President, I see in this
morning's paper the following announcement:
4' 'Toronto, December 13.—The St. Albans raiders
have been discharged for want of jurisdiction. There
is much excitement.'
"I desire to offer a couple of resolutions this morn-
ing: bearing upon this subject, one of tiiem particu-
larly; but 1 do not expect to maketheSenate under-
stand the state of feeling that exists on the Canadian
border. I have agreat numbor of letters in my pos-
session from gentlemen living upon that border. In
my own city, which is within musket range of the
Canadian shore, thousands of the citizens have been
under arms for along time, and we have been under
a continuous state of alarm for fear of incendiaries,
murderers, burglars, and robbers from the Canadian
frontier. Prom the announcement that I havo read
it would seem to appear tliat t'he C.iuadian authori-
ties have made up their minds lo protect these raid-
ers, As I understand it, a tuan goe* from the South
to Canada with a commission purporting to be issued
by Mr. Davis, enlists his raiding party, crosses the
frontier, murders, robs, burns, destroys, returns again
to Canada, and is there protected by the authorities.
The letters which 1 havo in my possession are all
bearing upon that point. The one 1 now hold in my
hand is from one of our most respectable citizcns
in the city of Detroit, a gentleman of groat wealth,
of high political and social position, and who earn-
estly desires to avoid a difficulty with Great Britain
at this time. Ho says:
" 'The anxiety growing out of the mist and doubt
encircling every rumor that reaches us is not to be
endured, and upon some slight provocation, one of
these days, regardless of neutral lines, our people
will be found in Canada engaged in some act that
the Canadian Government will say is wrong, and,
sooner or later, war will be the result; this we do not
want.'
"Again he says:
" 4 Will you give it your attention, for X think it
involves, sooner or later, if not properly heeded,
war with England V
"As I said when X commenced, X have no expecta-
tion .of making the Senate comprehend this state of
excitement, this intense state ot feeling which exists
on that border. Vermont may, for aught I know,
quietly submit to have her towns robbed and burned
and her citizens murdered, but the Northwest will
riot. The people cannot be restrained unless the
Government takes prompt and immediate action
upon this subject: and 1 desire to oiler the following
resolution on the subject, ft may not meet the views
of the Senate, but 1 offer it for the purpose of having
the subject referred to a committee; and X have
another to follow it:
" Whereas raids havo been organized in the Cnn-
adas andNovaScotia, andmen enlisted in paid Brit-
ish provinces by hien purpyrtingto hold commissions
from the rebels of the United States, for the purpose
of robbing and murdering peaceable citizens of the
United States, of burning cities and villages, of
piratically capturing merchant vessels and murder-
ing their crews, and for a general system of mnrder.
arson, robberies, and plunder of the peaceable and
unarmed-citizens of the United States; and whereas
the people of the British provinces seem disposed to
protcct these thieves, robbers, incendiaries, pirates,
and murderers, not only in their individual capaci-
ties, but by the quibbles of the law : Therefore,
' Jiesolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be directed to inquire into the expediency of
immediately enlisting an army corps to watch and
defend our territory bordering on the lakes and
Canadian line from all hostile demonstrations and
incursions.
"I ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion.
"Mr. Johnson. I object.'*—Conyreasional Globe,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, second sessioo, pp. 32-33.
Mr. President, in ;-t &pt-c'(:U whu*h 1 aiser-vaid
made in this body 1 explained what i meant
by watching the Canadian frontier. At that
time the base of the rebellion was in the Can-
adas. A steamboat was seized at the mouth
of the Detroit river within twenty miles of the
city of Detroit, rifled, even her piano taken
out, and the pirates were protected by the Cana-
dians. The people of Detroit were under
arms day and night to protect the city in which
I lived from these marauders and murderers,
to whorrfthe Canadian Government gave their
sympathy and their aid. No punishment was
ever enforced upon any one of these culprits
by the Canadian Government. Afterward, it is
true, the Canadian Government did pay for
the robbery of the bank at St. Albans, but no
apology has -ever yet been rendered by the
British Government, no compensation has ever
been made by that Government, and no friendly
act that should wipe out this outrage has ever
been performed by her.
On the same day I offered another resolu-
tion, as v/iil be seen by reference to the same
page of the Globe:
"Mr. Chandler. Ihad hoped that that resolution
would pass unanimously this morning; but as it is
objected to ot eouiso it must he over. I now offer
the following rcsolut'on:
"Whereas at the .ommencement of the present
rebellion the United States we* e at peace with all the
Governments of the world, and upon terms of comity
and good will with Great Britain ; and whereas that
nation, before the arrival on her soil of oui minister
accredited by the admini&tiaUon of President Lin-
coln, precipitately acknowledged the rebels as bel-
ligerents, thus recognizing their flag upon the ocean,
without which recognition it would have been re-
garded and treated a* piratical by all other Powers;
and whereas she then proclaimed peifect neutrality
between a Republic with which she had entertained
fuendly relations for upward of a half century and
its treasonable subjects; and whereas numbers of her
subjects, with the knowledge of her Government,
commenced fitting out British fast sailing ships,
loaded with munitions of war, for the purpose of
running into our blockaded ports to the rebels, thus
furnishing them the means of organising and con-
tinuing the rebellion, and without which it could not
have sustained itself six months; and wheieas in
addition to the above, and with the knowledge of the
Government, British subjects and members of Parlia-
ment engaged in the manufactuie of piratical English
ships, owned by British subjects, manned by British
seamen, and sailing under British colors, for tho pur-
pose of burning, destroying, and utterly driving from
tbe ocean all peaceful merchant vessels sailing under
tho United States flag; and whereas many private
and unarmed American ships have been burned and
destroyed by these pirates from British poits, thus
causing great loss and damage to the citizens of the
United States: Therefore,
"Resolved, That the Secretary of State be instructed
immediately to make out a list of each ship and cargo
thus destroyed, with a fair and separate valuation
thereof, and interest thereon nt the rate of six per
cent, per annum, trom the date of capture or destruc-
tion to the date of presentation, and that he be
directed to demand from the British Government
payment in full for all ships and cargoes destroyed
as aforesaid.
" I ask for the prescntconsideration of the resolu-
tion, and move that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
" The President pro tempore. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the resolution at the pres-
ent time. Is there objection ?
" Mr. Johnson. I object."
So, Mr. President, on the objection of Mr.
Reverdy Johnson was this peace measure—for
I certainly offered it in the interest of peace—
laid on the table. 1 desired peace with Great
Britain. Before offering these resolutions I
had had an interview with General Grant at
the front, and I had put a question to General
Graut and received an answer, which I wiil
now state. We had at that time over six hun-
dred ships of war in commission, armed,
manned, provisioned, ready for action, with
fifty-four thousand sailors on board of them ;
and no nation was ever so well prepared to
demand compensation at the cannon's mouth
as we were at that moment*
I asked General Grant, "In case a speck of
war should arise in the east, how long would
it take you, sir, to capture Savannah, Charles-
ton, and Wilmington?" u Why," said he, i% at
present it is cheaper for us to let the rebels
furnish garrisons, oecause we have no other use
for our Navy; but in case there was other use
for our Navy I could capture those three ports
within thirty days." Said I, "Then, General,
what is to prevent us in twenty days from send-
ing a fleet of five or six hundred ships ot' war
to any given point on the Atlantic coast?" He
answered, "Nothing that I know of." This
statement I could not make to the Senate when
I offered the last resolution which I read ; but
it was upon that assurance that I offered it, and
I meant business. I meant that these claims
should be paid, and promptly paid, paid in full,
and if they were not paid, the worse for the
British Government.
But, on the objection of Mr. Reverdy John-
son, that resolution slept, it was afterward
called up and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and there it slept the sleep
that knows no waking. The chairman, I sup-
pose, has it in his pocket till this day; but no
xeport was ever made and no action was ever
taken. I had not then the cooperation of the
Committee on Foreign Relations. 1 thank
God that I have it now, and that they have
made progress and have come up to my line
of demarcation, where the whole country has
been from that day to this. This was in De-
cember, 1864. You all remember that Gen-
eral Grant, in the spring of 1865, advanced
with his troops, the rebellion collapsed, and
we disbanded our Army and our Navy. The
time to demand compensation at the cannon's
mouth had passed at that moment; and m the
winter of 1605-66 I followed this movement
with another resolution. On the 15th day of
January, 18CG, soon after the meeting of Con-
gress, 1 offered a resolution, which, with the
explanatory remarks, I will lead.
" Mr. Chandler. Mr. President, on the i4th day
of December, 1SG4,1 offered in tlrs body the follow-
ing resolution, which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations:"
Here follows the resolution I last read.
"That resolution I offered as a peace measure. I
desired that Great Britain should have an opportu-
nity to repudiate tho action of herpiratical subjects,
and to do justice to this nation. I hoped that bke
would do it; but at any rate I desired that she should
fix the future status of neutrals for herself and all
other nations when acting as neutrals. The Cana-
dian piovinci.il government took the hint, and paid
for the piratical depredations committed by Cana-
dian subjects; they paid for the St. Albans rob-
beries; but Great Britain has declined to pay such
bills. She has decided that henceforth tho rule of
war shall be the torch—that the torch is to be the
evidence of her neutrality. She having decided that
point, lam content. If she desires fhsit in all future
time, whenever she shall be at war, American citi-
zens shall send forth fast-sailing steamers with the
torch to illuminate the ocean trom the north to the
south pole with British commerce, so be it. She has
settled the point; X accept her settlement; so bo it.
"I say, sir, that X offered that resolution as a peace
measure. It was referred to tho Committee on For-
eign Relations, and that committee made norepoit;
but Irom the fact that the secretary of State did pre-
cisely what that resolution called upon him to do, to
wit, made a demand tor payment for the dcpicda-
tions committed by British pirates upon our com-
merce, I inferred that the chaimian ot the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations had received assurances
from the Secretary of State which satisfied him that
no further action was required on the part of Con-
gress at that timo. I inferred that that was the case,
and the honorable chairman informs me that such
was the case. Well, sir, the biii has been presented
and payment refused. JN'ot only has pajment.heen
refused, hut further negotiation has been dccliued.
She has refused at our suggestion even lo arbitrate
our claim-!, and has insultingly informed this Gov-
ernment ttial further negotiation is offensive to her.
1 will read the woids'of her foreign mimstei of the
da te of December 2:
"4 Foseion Office, December 2, 1865.
" ' Sir : I have to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter ot the IBfh ultimo, having reference to the
letter which my predecessor addressed to you on tho
3d ultimo.
44 'There are many statements inyour letter which
I should be prepared to controvert if it woie not
that her Majesty's Government consider that no
advantage can result from prolonging tho contro-
versy,' <5co.
14 Her Majesty's Government consider that no ad-
vantage can result from prolonging the controversy
I agree with her Majesty's Government; I thmk that
no adv antage can accrue from a further prolongation
of this controversy. It is well known to her Ma-
jesty's Government and to the people of the United
States that for more than three months after tho last
rebel army had laid down its arms the Shenandoah,
a British ship, sailing under British colors, manned
by British seamen, and firing British guns, was horn-
ing our whale ships in tho Northern ocean. What
was done with this English pirate when she mado
her appearance in British waters? She was ouietlv
taken possession ot bsr the British Government.
These pirate.?, acknowledged by herself tobw pii.ttes,
were turned loose without even n reprimand. These
British subjects were called upon the deck of the
Shenandoah and jusked this question: "Michael
O'Fhun-ran, aie y>u «i British subject?' ' No, by
abers; X am a Datehiaan.' [LuughtcrJ The into-
