730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
by when X-desire to hear th6 Alabama claims ever
again alluded to. What I was then willing to accept
I would to-day utterly repudiate.
"Sir* the Alabama claims were but a small moiety
of the damage done to us by hor proclamation of
neutrality, livery ship that went to sea dining those
four years of war paid ten per cent, tor a war risk.
There was an item in dollars and cents, and a large
one, that should have been added to the Alabama
claims. In addition to that are the $2,000,000,000
that that proclamation cost us, the thousand ships
that it cost us, and the two hundred thousand li ves.
Gieat Britain can never restore those two hundred
tUousand lives, but she can pay the $2,000,0000,000,
and she can pay the Alabama claims, and she can
pay all other losses. Those claims are all added up
in one round sum, $2,000,000,000 in all, and they are
to-day a first mortgage on every acre of land that
Great Britain owns on this continent or the adjacent
islands and they are good security. I am not only
satisfied with the claim, but I am satisfied with tlio
security. We are informed that the {Secretary of
Stato has bought one or two little islands down
somewhere in the Gulf of Mexico. Xgivo notice that
X will nover vote one single dollar to pay lor another
acrc of land until that mortgage has been fore-
closed, until we have taken possession ol the prop-
erty and see whether we want any more. The claim
is a good one, and the security is good lor the whole
amount. It ts good lor the &j,000,u00,uu0; it is good
for the thousand ships; it is good tor the Alabama
claims; and it is good for all claims that we have
against them. And, sir, when we have shut Great
Britain off Irom this continent and the adjacent
islands it will satisly the national honor as well.
"The national honor i$ not satisfied with dollars and
vent*. We have been wounded in a way that dollars
and cents will never eutmft/; bufiohea -ion own (his
continent, or at least the portion oj it that Great Britain
now holdtu when we have joreclosed that mortgage and
taken possesion and own the whole, ov.r national
honor as well as our national chum* will oil be ^atm-
jied; and I now give notice that the Alabama claims
will never again be alluded to by me until the tune
arrives to foreclose that mortgage; then, air, you will
find me ready.
"But, sir, this question of neutrality has nothing
at all to do with the Alabama claims. I said there
weresomo strong points of resemblance between these
two cases. As I explained at iirst, this resolution is
identical with the proclamation; they are both the
same. If this is not good statesmanship, then it, is
because Great Britain has set us a bad example; the
btatesmanship-is hers, not ours; I simply propose
that we shall follow her pattern.
"The Biblo teaches us, k whosoevershallsmitethee
ou thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.5
That, so lar as individuals aro concerned, if they
have arrived at a high state of Christian perfection,
is undoubtedly <i good Ctnistian rule, but nations
have no soub, and nations must bo punished on this
uithlbr national sins. Therefore the divino in-
junction does not apply to nations. There is no
uerualter tor a nation. Henco Irom the earliest
ages down to the present time national sms have
been visited by national judgments. God has liom
time to time used nations to punish other wicked
nations; but where the instrument used was use)* a
criminal the crime wa&punishod although the agent
may have been for the tnne being tho agent ot the
Almighty. Wo had our national sins, and we have
suffered a tevrible national punishment. God, in his
iniimto mercy and goodness and judgment, used
Great Britain to punish us with; bat does that ex-
- euipt Great Britain from punishment lor her sins?
Sir, she mu&t bo punished lor her national bins as
we have been punished for our national sins.
"As lbaid a moment ago, the contest between
Great Britain and Abyssiniaand the contest between
UieGovernment of the United States and tho rebels
have several points of similarity. The so-called
rebel States lay adjacent to the route of tho com-
merce ot the United States. Abyssinialics right on
the great highway of tho Knglish commerce with the
East. England almost controls the commerce of the
China seas and tho Indian ocean. Tho Government
of Abyssinia lies right on the route of LnglLsh com-
merce. The lcbelshad 110 Hag on hind or wafer, nor
dm they own any land or watei. The kingdom of
Abyssinia was an old kingdom when England was
tirst recognized as a Government. Abyssinia has
hadaflag itor thousands of yours, but for thelast lew
years she has had no flag upon the water. Pass this
resolution, sir, and you put the Abyssinian Hag upon
the ocean as Great Britain put the rebel flag upon
the ocean. They do not need that their flag should
be recognized on land. It is already a recognized
Hag, and has been, as 1 said beiore, lor thousands
oi years.
"Then, again, there is another reason why we
should exercise perfect neutrality in the contest
between these Powers. It seems that this is simply
a matter of court etiquette. There have been some
Jovo passages, it seems, between the king of Abys-
Mina and the queen ol Great Britain. In God's
name, what have we to do with the loves and
amouisot kings and princes? The king ot Abys-
.-ima considers that his proposition was not treated
witti proper icspect. I do not know anything about
tnar, and am not disposed to inteitere. The king
< t Ab.vasiuia chums to be a lineal descendant of
King Solomon, and that his kingdom has existed
liom tlio days of Solomon. Whether he conferred
mmoi upon the little island of Great Britain by prof-
iling ius hand to the queen ot Great Britain X am
not prepared to say. 1 am not prcpaied to decide
that question, 1 think that perfect neutrality should
bv exercised by this Government in a case oi that
Kind. Bet kings and princes and queens settle their
June love a flairs in their own way, and let us
exercise peilcct neutrality.
"Again, sir, as I said before, by recognizing the flag
of the rebels England created them into a maritime
power, and every single ship that appeared under
the rebel flag was an English ship, manned by English
sailors, armed with English guns, provisioned with
English provisions, and sailing irom a British port.
In the four years that the rebellion lasted they did
us a vast amount of injury. Now, sir, if we should
pass this resolution we rccognize a flag that has been
recognized on land for thousands of years, and wo
create a maritime power on the ocean that did not
exist before.
" Sir, we'havo precedent for this. It is not more
than three years since the present Secretary of State
sent to me. as chairman of tho Committee on Com-
merce, and desired.that the Congress should pass a
resolution recognizing the Swiss flag upon the occan.
Said I. *How can Switzerland launch her flag upon
the ocean? She has no sea-port.' 4 That is true,'
said Mr. Seward,' but she has a flag upon tho land,
and is entitled to a flag upon the ocean if she can
launch it, and itwould bean act of friendly courtesy
between tworopublics thatthatftaarshould berecog-
nized by the United States, although the Swiss repub-
lic has no seaport/ Sir, tho passage of this resolu-
tion would bo an act of friendly courtesy to a Power
with which we, if we have any relations, are upon
friendly relations.
"During the prevalence of the rebellion American
chionomcteis bocauic so cheap in the British market
that there was absolutely no sale for them at all.
They weie offered for tea cents on the dollar of tho
cost and found no purchasers. Hero permit me to
say that 1 am told the king of Abyssinia is a very
enterprising gentleman; that he has alieady an agent
on his way to this country with commissions; and
that there arc ample funds ready here now to put
afloat a fleet that will, perhaps, be advantageous to
the king of Abyssinia, a matter with which we have
nothing' to do as a matter of course; but, sir, I shall
bo most happy to welcome tho Abyssinian flag, and
I will exercise absolute neutrality between the bel-
ligerents If an Abyssinian man-of-war were to
chase a British ship-of-war into one of our ports I
would bring her to under the guns of our fort, and if
she attempted to raise an anchor or to get up steam
until that British ship-of-war had had twenty-four
hours to get away I would sink her; I would do just
what Great Britain did to us. Whenever a ship-of-
war of ours chased a rebel steamer iuto a British port
anywhere on earth they brought the American ship-
of-war to under tho guns of their forts, and they
would not permit her to leave that port until the
rebel cruiser had had twenty-four hours within which
to get away. I would serve the Abyssinians in the
Same way. If they attempted to get up steam or even
to lift their anchor I would sink the Abyssinian
ship-of-war that was chasing a British ship; and I
would do the same on the other side. I would observe
perfect neutrality. I am in favor of giving Great
Britain adoseof her own medicine, and not a homeo-
pathic ono, either.
"Now, sir, why should wo not pass the resolution ?
Why should we not give Great Britain hor own proc-
lamation ol ncutiality? Whyshould we not let her
realize what our sufferings were? If she has any
claims it does not affect our moitgagc ou the British
possessions; she must settle with the king of Abys-
sinia. If Abyssinian warships should do astheiebel
cruisers did, illuminate old ocean from the north to
the sSouth pole and from tho Chinese sea to the Gulf
of Mexico and throughout ail the Pacific ocean with
British commerce, it is no concern of ours; Great
Britain must settle with tho king of Abyssinia, not
with us; wo have nothing to do with it.
" Why, Mr. President, three months after the last
rebel army surrendered more than thirty of our
whaling ships were burned in sigbt of the Arctic
ocean. When that British ship returned to Great
Britain thoy brought her to under the guns of Liver-
pool, and they sent a British officer on board to in-
quire who the men woro who had thus in violation
of tho laws of war and after tho war had ended been
committing depredations upon ourcommercc. Well,
sir, there was not a single British subject among
them all. So wc are informed by tho British oiliccr
who went on board. Thoy asked one man where ho
was from, and he said 'Bejabers, he was a Spaniard,'
[laughter,j and they let hnn go. They asked another
man where he was Irom, and he said he was a Dutch-
man ; and so they went around, and there was not a
British subject there! Not one was ever brought to
punishment. Well, sir, if the king of Abyssinia should
happen to enlist any seamen in any of our ports it
would bo a violation of neutrality, you know, but wo
have an example sot by Great Britain which I trust
would be literally and strictly followed, and thatpor-
fect neutrality would be cxercised by this Govern-
ment during the continuance of the war. I have no
doubt that if you will pass this resolution we shall
have the pleasure of welcoming from ten to fifty
Abyssinian ships of war within one hundred days
from the passage of the resolution, and I have not
the slightest doubt that foreign chronometers will
be as cheap in our markets in six months as Ameri-
can chronometers wero in Great Britain in 1803 and
186 i. 1 hope, sir, that tho resolution will pass."—Con-
grewional Globe, fortieth Congress, second session,
page 81.
" Mr. ChanolilR. Mr. President, the Senator [Mr.
Johnson] says truly that both nations speak the same
language, and are of similar origin. This would
have been a good argument to use to Great Britain
on the 1-ith day of May. Mil, though perhaps, as the
Senator from California [Mr. Conness] suggests, she
ought to have remembered that fact at that time;
but, sir, the British Government did not remember
that tact* and they wont on and committed this act
of hostility. Now, the Senator from Maryland says
that thoy are prepared to settle our claims, ami that
they are oony for tho wrong? they have done us. I
have yet to see tho first symptoms of sorrow on the
part of Great Britain. When we proposed to refer
these claims to somo friendly Power thoy rejected the
proposition with scoin; they said they would not
refer them, and threw us out of court. Now, with
retaliation hanging over their heads, and the prob-
ability that in this, their first war, other nations may
recognize belligerent rights on the part of their
antagonists, they are willing to refer.
"Mr. President, nations neither give nor reccivc
credit for magnanimity. Great Britain has been a
bullying Powor for the last one hundred years; she
has bullied all weak Powers and humbly submitted
to all strong Powers. She is ready to call the king
of Abyssinia to account; she will be slow to call the
United States to account.
"The Senator says this may lead to war. "Why
did it not lead to a war when tho process was ori-
ginated by Great Britain ? Why did wo not declare
war if this bo a cause of war ? If it is a cause of war
now it was a cause of war then, and it is too late for
her to come in and consider this, hci own act, a casus
belli.
" Sir, I have heard Englishmen make this remark,
' You daie not puuish a traitor, nor dare you resent
an insult.' Perhaps, Mr. President, that may be
true, but I hope it is not. God knows we have been
insulted enough for the last six years without having
that taunt thrown into our teeth. Woliavenot pun-
ished a traitor, and perhaps we dare not resent a
national insult; butifsuch be the case,God save the
nation."—ibid., page 87.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I stated
a few moments ago that every one of these
propositions presented by me from year to
year has been in the interest of peace j and
the resolution which I have offered to-day is,
in my judgment, the only peaceful solution of
the difficulties between Great Britaiu and the
United States.
Sir, why should we carry on negotiations
when we know that they are futile and base-
less ? We have had treaties after treaties ; and
we are now rejecting them as fast as they are
presented. This leads to irritation. No man
doubts, the Senator from Massachusetts most
ably demonstrated in his exhuustive speech
the other day, that Great Britain is responsi-
ble for one half of the expenses of our late
war. I uttered the same sentiment nearly two
years and a half ago upon this floor, and I put
on file a mortgage upon the British Norih
American provinces for the whole amount, and
the mortgage is recorded and the security is
good. I believe that we may have peace with
Great Britaiu upon this basis. If she meets us
now in a friendly spirit and acknowledges that
she did us an irreparable wrong, says she deeply
laments it, and cedes to us all of her interest
on the continent of N"orth America in settle-
ment of these claims, we may have perpetual
peace with Great Britain; but if she does not
meet us in a friendly spirit the consequences be
upon her. .
Mr. President, this nation cannot afford to
have an enemy and an enemy's base so near,
as was the case during the late rebellion when
Canada was a rebel base. It is a national
necessity that we should own these British
possessions. We cannot afford, nor will this
great nation permit an enemy to have its base
so near us. I hope that negotiation will be
opened for the end suggested in the lesolutiou
which I have offered, and that it will be a
peaceful negotiation ; but if it is not, and if
England insists upon having war, then let that
war be short, sharp, and decisive, if that war
comes, I say here and now that the sixty
thousand veteran soldiers of Michigan will
take the contract to take possession of the
Canadas in thirty days, and we will not ask a
man nor a gun from any other State. We have
more veteran soldiers to-day than all the rest
of the world put together. There are more
than two million soldiers in these United
States that have been in more than twenty
battles; and there are not in all the world
one half as many soldiers inured to battle as
we have on this continent of North America!
Do you suppose that Great Britain desires a
war in Canada with us? No, sir, there will
be no war on land, and not much on water.
Sir, when our ministers abroad, because ol
their complicity with the rebellion iu 1801, pro-
claimed that this Government was overlhiown,
and the ministers of foreign Governments here
were led to believe that this Government was
overthrown, it is not surprising that the Gov-
