1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
ernments of the earth should have believed
that our country was on the point of dissolu-
tion. France thought it was a good time for
her to establish an empire on this continent;
she called it a Latin empire, and France made
Mexico merely a base of her operations. She
intended to make up her empire from, as the
British premier asserted, "the late United
States." That was the expression of the head
of the British Government, u the late United
States."' France proposed to make up her
empire out of the late United States. She was
first to seize New Mexico and Texas, and then
the whole of the Louisiana purchase, and was
thus to have the most magnificent empire that \\
the sun shines upon.
Great Britain and France were in accord all
the way through the rebellion. Had our Gov-
ernment been overthrown that empire would i
have been established; but the Government of
the United States was not overthrown, and that
empire was not established. On the contrary,
when Louis Napoleon was advised that a con-
tinuance of his troops in Mexico would lead to
war with the United States, then having mil-
lions of bayonets in the held accustomed to
actual war, Louis Napoleon very considerately
withdrew not only his armies but his empire.
He staked the cause of his Mexican empire
upon the success of the rebellion. Great Brit-
ain staked her existence on this continent on
the same issue. By her unfriendly action she
knew, or should have known, that the rebellion
must succeed or she must abandon this con-
tinent. Why ought she not, as the emperor of
France did, take the hint, and gracefully and
peacefully submit to a fate which cannot be
averted ?
Mr. President, I hope the resolution will
pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question?
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan has offered a resolution,
which has been read for information. It has
not yet been taken up ; but it lies on the table
subject to a single objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT^?-# tempore. If no objec-
tion be made the Chair will put the question
on that motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator frotn Massachusetts moves that the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PI'-KSO N A L 10 Xl'L A ATION".
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I find in the
Sunday Chronicle of yesterday, at the head of
the first column on the editorial page, in double-
leaded type, a little article which I wish to have
read at the Clerk's desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"The sensation dispatch in the New York World
of yesterday, that Pi evident Grant contemplates a
e<iTU'(l scsmoii of Congress in a shoit time, is evi-
dently an invention, stated on the authoiityof a
California Senator. Not 011c of the Pacific Senators
or members from whom we have heard or with whom
we have conversed has any knowledge of such a
movement. They are preparing to leave lor home
by rail ah soon as the Senate adjourns, and have ;
almost d:ub conference with the Executive, who has ;
never intimated such a purpose, although he knows ,
their plans for returning to their constituents. *' e ■
li'ei, therefoie, that the statement is either wholly j
unfounded or that it originated in a misunderstand- 1
ing."
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I have con- i
ferred with my colleague, and he assures me
that he has not made any such statement:
and I have for myself to say that 1 never have
had a word of conversation with any person
touching the subject of a called session of
Congress; thematter has never been discussed
by any persons in my presence; and before |
reading that article the subject had never en- |
fcred my mind. 1 do not know what could 1
have instigated a publication of the sort; and t
this broad statement in reply to it I have
thought it my duty to make.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it has
not been the habit of my life to notice articles
in newspapers, even when they referred to me
more directly than that which my colleague
has brought to the notice of the Senate. As
he has denied the statements of the article sO
far as he is concerned, it seems to be necessary
for me also to say to the Senate what is the
exact truth as respects myself 5 and that is
simply this: that the statement is wholly
unwarranted, has no foundation whatever that
I can think of. The statement as presented in
the newspaper where I first saw it was as great
a novelty to me as it could have been to any
member of the Senate. 1 had no conversation
with anybody on the subject, made no such
statement, and am utterly ignorant and unable
to comprehend in what way the report could
have arisen.
BAR AT MOUTH OP THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ofFer the following res-
olution, and ask for its immediate considera
tiou:
lie-tolvcdy That the Secretary of War bo dit^cfed
to cause an examination to be made as to ihe condi-
tion of the barat the mouth of the Mississippi nver
at Southwest Pass, so as to ascertain what obstruc-
tions to commerce there cxi-d, and report nt tho next
session of Congress asto the best mcausof removing
said obstruction and deepening the channel, and the
probable cost of the same; also the amounts hoi e-
tofore expended under tho direction of tho War
Department for this purpose.
Mr. POMFROY. i do not like to object;
but 1 do not know what expense this contem-
plates.
Mr. KELLOGG. My only object is to ascer-
tain the condition of the bar.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It is a resolution of
inquiiy.
Mr. POMEROY. If the inquiry did not
extend outside the office of the War Depart-
ment it would be a harmless thing ; but if this
means that some officer of the engineer corps
is to be sent down there to make an examina-
tion, or if it contemplates the action of the
Coast Survey, it may involve considerable
expense.
Mr. KELLOGG. There are officers there.
Engineer McAllister is there. My only object
is to get what information exists at the present
time.
Mr. POMEROY. My only purpose is to
see what expense we are liable to.
Mr. KELLOGG. No expense whatever.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I have 110 objection.
Mr. CONK.LING. J suggest that it would
be a very violent presumption, and I think
a violent imputation on the Secretary of War,
to suppose that he would send some man
from here to make an examination of this sort
when we know there are plenty of officers in
the immediate vicinity who can do it. Cer-
tainly the resolution may well be passed, the
Senate relying on it that the Secretary of War
will do what is proposed in the ordinary inex-
pensive way, which would be to direct some
officer there to go and inspect this work and
make an estimate and return it to him.
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing short of an engi-
neer officer will do; and I do not know that
there is any there; but if the Senator knows
it. very well.
'Mr.'KELLOGG. There is.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no expense
| about it I make no objection.
| Mr. KELLOGG. This is a very important
i matter. It involves the whole vast commerce
j of the Mississippi. Last week there was a
| flotilla of over fifty vessels on the bar that
could not get out or in.
Mr. MORTON. This is a very important
i inquiry, and it ought to be made. Congress
ought to have explicit information on the sub-
ject by the next session. It affects all the
! commerce of the South and the Northwest.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Tuesday, April 20, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, 1). D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IIAMLIN presented thepetition of John
McNeill, of Texas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities 5 which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the memorial of Adolph
Ivuehn, praying that he may be allowed com-
pensationasa second lieutenant, less the pay of
a first sergeant, from the 18th day of January,
1865, to the 29Lh day of July, 1863 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, I have never but
once heretofore taken occasion to occupy the
attention of the Senate with a personal explan-
ation. Probably no man who has ever filled a
seat here has had more frequent and ample
provocation to thusoccnp3r the time of this body,
but I have studiously forborne, with the excep-
tion of the occasion alluded to, to thus trespass
upon its valuable time. As a general rule it
is safe to intrust to our constituents our per-
sonal vindication for acts done here.
The circumstance, however, to which I am
about to allude, is one the current version of
which impugns not my personal integrity but
my sense ot official propriety and public deco-
rum, and is related as follows by the Washing-
ton correspondent of the New York Herald of
the loth instant, which I will ask the Clerk to
do me the favor to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"A Spccl'of War at the White lfou e—IUHi(/erent In-
trrvuio lictwp.cn the Preside tit and Senator
The Senator Ordered to Le«ve the Kcrcititve Presence.
" Senator Ross, of Kansas, one of the gallant seven
who voted against impeachment, bearded the presi-
dential lion in his don thi^ morning. The report is
thatKoss went to tho WlutelJouso to look alter
certain appointments for his far-off State, lie had
heaid that the President intended to make certain
nominations incompatible with the slate he (Rossi
had made out for himself. Ross, like other Senators,
is human, and has a soul not aboveyearmng tor tho
loaves and lishes. 3Iis soul felt sad at what ho had
learned concerning the designs of President Grant,
aud to give his soul comfort he wended his way to
the White House, lie was admitted at the same
time as old /; venr. Chandlkt?, but had the firstchaneo
to speak his little piece to the President.
" *1 come, Mr. President, to talk withyoua.boutthe
appointments lor my Stale, having hoard that you
intend to make certain nominations that may not
harmonize with my desires, if you deem it worth
while to consult them m the least.'
"To which Grant, laconically and interrogatively
responded, ' Well, sir?'
" This presidential response rwas not in the true
manner to be relished by the Kansas Senator. 'Am
I to understand that 1 am rightly informed as to
your stated intentions to disregard ray preferences
in the matter of appointments, Mr. President ?' in-
ouired the Senator.
" 'That is a question hardly susceptible of an an-
swer, sir. To what appointment do you allude?
Inform me, and th« n lean reply/ rejoined Grant.
"Senator Ross liked the second answer as litUe as
the first, but having come for enlightenment ho was
determined not to go away in a fog. The Senatoi,
therefore, with suppressed lage, explained the ap-
pomlmcnts to which he had reference.
" 'Frankly, sir,' said Giant,' I intend not to make
tho*c appointments.'
" 'What, sir 1 Xou scorn to accommodate me in the
least,' exclaimed ltoss, boiling over with rage.
" 'Sir, 1 believe 1 have raven you my answer,'
firmly but sternly replied Grant.
" "This is not treating mc fairly, Mr.President, nor
sis one gentleman should another, ' uttered Senatoi
Ross. ,
" *1 have no intention to be dictated to, sir, said
Grant sharply.
" 'Nor have I to be insulted even by yon, sir, were
you twenty times the President,' exclaimed Ross
with hL- ire stirred up to white heat.
" 'I mu*t dcclinc to be annoyed any further on the
subject,' muttered Grant between his teeth, and
desire the interview should terminate.
"'You and your desires may go to hell! roared out
"^"S'Leave the room, sir ! Leave the room, or I shall
force >uu out!' thundered Grant,
