732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
" Ross took his departure accordingly, in a terriM e
rage, Quitting the White House like one rushing
from a plague, and hurried to the Capitol. President
Grant thiew himself into a chair the moment tho
door closed and wiped his brow with his pocket
handkerchief, evidently very much agitated. Old
Zach. Chandler approached and was thus addressed
by the President:
" ' Excuse me for a few moments, Senator. After
that interview Imust take a littietime to cool off.' "
Mr. ROSS. I trust, Mr. President, that it
is not necessary for me to assure the Senate,
in which I have had the honor of occupying a
seat for now nearly three years, that the state-
ments contained in this extract are grossly
incorrect and slanderous, not only in regard to
myself, but also in regard to the distinguished
gentleman who is now the Executive of the
nation.
1 have definitely ascertained that this state-
ment, and others of a still more outrageous
nature, were promptly dispatched throughout
the country, and especially to my own State,
for the basest personal purposes, prompted by
parties interestedin manufacturing public opin-
ion against myself, who were witnesses to that
interview, and knew that those statements
were false.
It is not on my own account solely that I
make this explanation. I have too long borne
the shafts of a malignant public criticism, and
have too recently seen them fall harmless at
my feet, disregarded by the people of my State,
who know me best, to feel that these state-
ments require even a private denial from me.
But, sir, the Chief Magistrate of the nation
is here represented as forgetting the dignity of
his position and the courtesy which is due to a
member of the Senate, and as having indulged
in expressions of passion and resentment un-
becoming a gentleman in his capacity. In
simple justice to him, as the head of the nation,
1 feel it my duty to say that on the occasion
referred to, no words inconsistent with the
strictest rules of propriety and decorum, found
utterance from either of the parties to that
interview.
It is due to myself, also, to say that that
interview was sought by me not for the pur-
pose, as is alleged, of importuning the Presi-
dent for the appointment of this or that man
to official position. I have not yet approached
him for that purpose, and have no design, at
present at least, of so doing. I did, however,
seek that interview for the purpose of protest-
ing against the sweeping changes which were
being made in the officials of my State,whereby
men who were among the best Republicans
and the bravest soldiers in that State, were I
being removed for no assignable cause, and an |
entirely different class of men installed in their
places.
During that interview 1 was astounded and
pained to hear from the lips of the President
the assertion that ''where any man had held
office during the past year and a half, it was
presumptive evidence that he was a Johnson
man."
I repeat that I was astounded and pained by
this remarkable declaration, for it plainly said
that, notwithstanding the fact that fully one
half the offices of the country were filled by ,
earnest, active Radical Republicans and sol- j
diers, the President's warmest political friends j
and supporters, they must all go, to give place i
to the hordes of bargaining politicians and i
place-hunters who for the past tew weeks have
blocked the Iialis and swarmed in the avenues i
of the Capitol. . j;
We have in Kansas not less than thirty thou- ji
sand soldiers, fully three fifths of the"whole !|
numbei of her voters. They represent largely j
the intelligence, education, and enterprise of j1
the State. _ During the last year and a half our
Federal offices have been largely filled by them.
The balance of those appointments have been
from the civil walks, and nearly all of both
classes are earnest Radical Republicans, lead-
ers of public opinion, and friends and sup-
porters of the present Administration, and
appointed, moreover, in neaily every instance,
upon the recommendation of the united con-
gressional delegation of the State.
During no preceding two years of the history
of Kansas have those positions been more ably,
faithfully, or fittingly filled, in any respect; if
indeed all the requirements of fitness have ever
before been so fully answered.
Yet, in the face of this undeniable fact, and
of the oft-repeated declaration of the Presi-
dent that changes in the offices of the country
should be made only for cause, a portion of
the delegation of that State has demanded, and
the President has conceded, their summary
dismissal on the mere charge of want of fealty
to the Republican party, which charge, in
many instances, those making it knew to be
false and slanderous.
Nor is this all. Scarcely a man has been
appointed to those positions from the ranks of
that great army of heroes who so largely rep-
resent the manhood of that State, and who
went out with their lives in their hands to
endure hunger and fatigue, and cold and heat,
that we might sit here as the representatives
of a country saved.
But in their stead we have appointed over
us skulkers in times of danger, and men notori-
ously unfit for any public trust. In one instance
a gallant soldier, eminently qualified for the
position he held, and who will go a cripple to
his grave, is displaced by a man who not only
enjoyed the security of his fireside during the
war, but is known to have been a pro-slavery
sympathizer during the border ruffian disturb-
ances of the then Territory.
in another, a soldier is dismissed to make
room for a mere camp-follower, who made it
his occupation during the war to plunder the
Government at every turn, and fill his own
purse with the ill-gotten gains of stolen beef.
In still another, a brave and gallant soldier as
ever drew a blade, who entered the army a pri-
vate and won his epaulets with his sword, is
displaced by a man whose only recommenda-
tion, in the eyes of those to whom he owes his
appointment, is his personal hostility to and
defamation of myself. This consideration, in
fact, will apply to nearly every appointment
that has yet been made in my State. The ac-
knowledged military services arid past faithful
political and official records of the incumbents
all go for nothing when weighed against that
paramount and all-essential qualification of
having been my persistent and fierce calum-
niators, and the fiercer the better, in the estima-
tion of those who are the new-fouud patrons
of these appointees.
The faithful, intelligent, and influential Radi-
cal Republican, be he soldier or civilian, may
go back to his law, his farm, or his shop. This
Administration has no use for his services, how-
ever valuable they may have been, if he has
held office during the last year and a half, and
has not had the sagacity to ward off the com-
ing storm by a timely and wholesome personal
denunciation of myself. It was not sufficient
that these gentlemen should openly, every-
where, and decisively dissent from the policy
of President Johnson and from the course
which I thought best to pursue when I believed
that the Republican party was hastening to its
own and the country's destruction, but having
failed to burrow into the deeps of slander anil
personal vituperation it counts nothing, and
they must go.
The soldier mayiook back with proud satis-
faction upon the record of his four years' gal-
lant service; he may recall the bloody scenes
of that history, ali of which he saw and part
of which he was, and count the nights and days i
of hunger and toil and of mortal danger cheer- !
fully borne in behalf of the land he loves; he j
may think of a limb left upon the field of bat- <
tie, a memento of his courage and his faith in i
his country's cause; he may contemplate with j
such hope and consolation as he can the dis- !
mal future through which he is condemned to
pass, a useless cripple, or his body cicatrized
with wounds; it all counts nothing if he has
been so imprudent as to accept a favor from .
fne, liis friend and fellow-soldier, when I had I
it in my power to serve him. This Adtmnis- j
tration has no use for him. No matter what
his military or political record, no matter how
faithfully he may have served his country m
the sanguinary contests of the field or his party
in that great civil engagement which elevated
to the Presidency the great captain of the ageѥ
which put an end to strife and gathered in
the fruits of the glorious victory in the field,
if he has "held office during the last year
and a half" that fact "is 'presumptive evi-
dence' that he is a Johnson man," and he
must go.
Mr. President, during my term of service
here I have sought a recognition of the claims
of my fellow-soldiers to public honor and sta-
tion, and by my aid many have been appointed
to offices which they have filled honestly and
well. The fact that Mr. Johnson did himself
the honor to appoint them, though they nearly
all were and are Republicans, and the further
fact that they are my fiiends, is not a sufficient
ground for their removal by a Republican
President, himself a soldier. If he ostracises
them from personal pique, or to gratify the
animosity of others, he does no honor to him-
self and no service to the country; and I, as
their friend and comrade, will-not stand by and
acquiesce in it from any considerations of per-
sonal interest or hope of executive favor.
These men are among the country's heroes.
The President, with the consent of the Senate,
may take from them the petty offices by which
they hoped to eke out a subsistence until the
grave shall close over the last of their fast-
diminishing numbers, but lie cannot take from
them their right to recognition and favor be-
cause of their service, nor their power to vindi-
cate that right by their and their children's
ballots. And any Administration which de-
grades that right to or below the level of mere
party or personal claims, will be taught its folly
by those ballots.
Mr. President, for twenty years it has been
my pleasure, though not my profit, to belong
to thatadvauced corps of politicians now known
as Radical Republicans. No man joined with
more earnest zeal and hopefulness in urging
upon the Republican party, long before the
assembling of its general convention, the nom-
ination of the distinguished chief who is now
our national Executive. No man looked for-
ward with more painful apprehension to the
possible success of his rival candidate. No
man more clearly foresaw than I, that in the
then distuibed relations of the Republican
party the name of General Grant would be to
us a pillar of fire, which would lead us to vic-
tory and save the country from impending
disaster. I so thought then, and I so think now.
He is now the President, and the country is
saved ; and I think I may say without fear of
contradiction, by the judgment of the near
future, that no man endured so much as I from
the revilings and maledictions of disappointed
partisans, to secure that result.
But I have no regrets, but rather gratulation
that it was so. We had fallen upon evil times,
when none but a great master mind in the ex-
ecutive chair, such as T hoped and believed his
would prove to be, could extricate us from the
toils into which incompetents and malcontents
had drawn us. That hope and belief, though
somewhat shaken by recent developments, are
not destroyed. I expect to sustain the Admin-
istration and the party which it represents with
becoming zeal and with such ability as I pos-
sess, because I yet have faith in their wisdom
and their justice. But the support which 1 have
given to my party or to its acknowledged or
official leaders has never been, and never shall
be, a blind, interested, orsubservientsuppoit. I
have obejed my convictions of duty heretofore,
and shall do so henceforth. A combination of
my colleagues from Kansas in Congre^ b<>s
been formed to drive me from political life
because I have dared to defy the dictation of
party when I believed that other objects than
the country's good were sought to be subser\ed
thereby, and I fear the President lias been
deceived inio giving that combination his power-
ful aid. Hence the sweeping and unjust re-
movals of officeholders, cinelty Republicans
