784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
for that; but I have gone to the extreme to
which my good nature and my sense of pro-
priety will carry me in proposing Thursday at
four o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is aware
that the only way to try Friday is by voting
down his motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all; you can
move to amend it.
Mr. POMEROY. No; under the rules you
cannot move to amend a motion of this kind.
This is not one of those cases where the long-
est time named has to be put first. This is
not a question of filling up blanks. There is
no way under our rules by which we can amend
this resolution unless by moving a new res-
olution as a subi titute for this resolution
entirely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can move to strike
out Thursday and insert Friday.
Mr. POMEROY. Well, I will submit it
as a question of order: will it be in order for
oie to move to substitute Friday for Thursday ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can move to amend the amendment to a
certain extent.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask if it is in order to
make the amendment I have indicated ?
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator hesitates
to make the motion I will make it.
Mr. POMEROY. if it is in order for the
Senator to make it I apprehend it is in order
for me to offer it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
motion to amend is made the Chair will receive
it, if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest that a motion to
strike out and insert is not a divisible question.
The Senator from Kansas cannot get at his
object in this way. The only way to get at it
is by first voting down this motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such is
the impression of the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. I know the Senator from
Maine is light, but as the Chair said he would
entertain the motion I thought! would make it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desired to correct the
Chair. A motion to strike out and insert is
not divisible by the express provision of the
rules.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that all the
nominations we are to have will come in to-
day. I am quite satisfied that all the treaties
that ought to be ratified and all the nomina-
tions that will be confirmed can be dispatched
in three hours. We can as well get through
to-morrow as next week. I shall vote for the
shortest time.
Mr. RAMSEY. How would they be dis-
patched in three hours, I ask the Senator?
Not as they should be, not with the care and
examination which they require.
Mr. POMEROY. The way is open to my
friend from Massachusetts to move his amend-
ment. He said he would move it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
said he would entertain the motion if there
was no objection. Objection has been made,
and, in the apprehension of the Chair, the
motion is not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not in order to amend
ail amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
in order to divide a motion to strike out and
insert.^ The motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, is to strike out and insert, which is not
divisible.
Mr. SUMNER. ^ I do not propose to divide
it. I move a substitute for the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, and I submit that
such a substitute is in order. If I understand
my friend, he moves to amend the original
proposition by substituting Thursday at. four
o'clock for another day, which is named in the
resolution ; and now I move to substitute for
his amendment the next day, Friday. It seems
to me that is in order. It is an amendment
to an amendment, and it is a substitute to his
substitute. Besides, the longest time is taken
first. It has that practice in Us support.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The longest
time is not taken first except in filling blanks.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I do not put it
on that ground.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
apprehension of the Chair—and the Chair is
confirmed by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] who is much better able to judge—
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts
is not in order, although the Chair offered to
entertain it if no objection was made. Objec-
tion being made, the Chair is obliged to rule
it out of order. The object of the Senator
from Massachusetts can be accomplished by
voting down this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Chair
to rule that the amendment is not in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
rules so.
Mr. SUMNER. Yery well. Then I hope
the Senate will be good enough to vote down
the proposition of my friend from Vermont.
I know he will not take it unkindly; I rather
think he will like it, [laughter,] because after
all, though he does move so constantly to go
away from this city, I know his natural fidelity
as well as his great ability. Therefore 1 think
the Senate cannot do anything more agreeable
to my friend, perhaps, than to vote him down ;
and I am sure they could do nothing 
Mr. EDMUNDS. More agreeable to you.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. That is a matter of very
little importance; but they can do nothing
which will contribute more to the public busi-
ness. I do not think we can get through with
the public business by Thursday afternoon at
four o'clock. Consider how many nominations
we shall have to discuss, how many speeches
may be made on several of those nominations.
And then allow me to call attention to two
treaties that are pending before the Senate,
one of which a large number of Senators are
deeply interested in, all the Senators, I think,
from the Pacific coast; and I may appeal to
those Senators, and others who are interested
i n that treaty, not to allow a day to be fixed that
will preclude the proper discussion of that
treaty. I hope, therefore, the proposition of
my friend from Vermont will be voted down,
and that then the Senator from Kansas will
move, or if he does not come up to the mark
I will move, to insert Friday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I shall
not be so happy to be voted down as my friend
from Massachusetts thinks ; but I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to the sympathetic
feeling of my friend from Massachusetts for
the Pacific coast all at once. Only think of
the Atlantic calling across the continent to the
Pacific to save him one more day for an exec-
utive session .in order that he may take care
of their interests 1 lam sure I cannot add
anything to an appeal of that kind ; bntl hope
we shall vote.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To name
Thursday, at four o'clock in the afternoon, as
the time of adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays ;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote for this
amendment, although I think it is quite objec-
tionable in putting off unnecessarily the time
of adjournment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly,
Conkling, Corbctt, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, bow-
ler, Gilbert. Hamilton, llamlin, Howard, Kellogg,
McCreery, Morrill, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer,
Seott, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Willey, Williams, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Cattell, Chandler, Cole, Cra-
gin, Drake, Fessenden, Harlan, Harris, McDonald,
Morton, Pomeroy, liamsey, llice, Ilobertson, Ross,
Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sunnier, Thayer, Warner,
and W llson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Ferry, Grimes, Howe,
Norton, Nye, tisborn, Saulsbury, Sprague, andViek-
ers—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the resolution as amended.
Mr. SUMNER asked for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say one word.
I do not care much whether the adjournment
is fixed for one day or another. 1 apprehend,
however, that there is always a difficulty 111
fixing the exact hour, because we cannot tell in
this executive session whether at that hour we
shall be ready. Some of the nominations that
are to come in to-day, as well as some others
that are now here, may and probably will be
rejected. If they are rejected at so late an hour
that the President has not time for considera-
tion it creates an embarrassment; and if they
are crowded into a very few moments, that
embarrassment may be very injurious. If this
resolution were put in a different shape, so
that the Senate could control the matter, I
would not object to fixing Thursday. If in-
stead of saying "Thursday at four o'clock " it
said "that when the Senate adjourns on Thurs-
day it shall adjourn without day" we should
then have all the time at our command until
the next day, Friday, at noon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Make that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
can make the motion; but if it is in order I
will move that as a substitute for the resolution.
I think that would enable us to accomplish all
that is necessary, whereas the Senate may be
seriously embarrassed by fixing the exact hour
of four o'clock in the afternoon of Thursday.
Under the amendment which I propose, if we
get through on Thursday at noon we can then
adjourn, or at four o'clock, or at nine o'clock
in the evening, or the next morning, just as we
please, for it will be Thursday until Friday at
noon, and the Senate will have the matter
under perfect control. If, therefore, it is in
order, I move as a substitute to the resolution
a provision that when the Senate adjourns on
Thursday next it adjourn without day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly satis-
factory to me, because I verily believe we can
adjourn by Thursday noon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we can I shall ho
very glad. ' ,
Mr. CONKLTNG. I should like to inquire
of some Senator who knows what the practical
difference is between the resolution as it stands
now and the resolution proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maine, except that suggested by the
Senator from Vermont that we may be able to
adjourn earlier on Thursday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We can sit later on that
day.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ator; practically in that respect it is the same
thing. There is no House in session to ask a
concurrence with, and therefore every moment
it is in order for any Senator to move to extend
the time one hour or two hours or any other
period; and during my brief service here I
have seeu it done three or four or five times
in a single day without any difficulty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A single objection
would carry it over.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's par-
don, one single objection would not carry it
over under the practice of the Senate as it has
been, and as I am sure the Journal will show.
However, if anybody has an idea that we can
adjourn in advance of four o'clock on Thurs-
day, that may be a practical reason for putting
the resolution in this form. If, however, it is
an invitation to ourselves to stay here during
the night and have a night session, as the Sen-
ator says, making it all Thursday until Friday
morning, I do not think that would be a very
good or cautious arrangement to make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say is
that no Senator can suppose I am more anxious
to stay here late on Thursday night, or until
