1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
Friday morning or Friday noon, than any other
man. As 1 said when 1 began, I do not feel
any great interest in the decision of this ques-
tion ; but I foresee that, we may be iu difficulty,
and I would rather avoid it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senatoi from Maine, which will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the resolution so as to read:
Resolved, Thatwhen the Senate adjourns on Thurs-
day next it adjourn without day.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as amended, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32. nays 21; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. .Buckingham, Cameron. Casserly,
Cat tell, Conklin?. Corbett, Or.igm, I>av;=, Drake, Ed-
munds. Fenton, Fes^enden, Fowler. Gilbert, Hamil-
ton, Hamlin, Howard, Keilogg, MeCreery, McDon-
ald, Morrill, Patte --cn, Pool, Sftptt, Stewart,Stockton.
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Willoy, Williams, and
Wilson—32.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler, Harlan, ilanis,
Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Boss, Sawyer, Schnrz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Sumner, Thayer, Warner, and ^ates—2i.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cole, Ferry, Grimes,
Ilowe. Norton, Nye, Osborn, Saulsbury, and Yiek-
eis—10.
So the resolution was adopted.
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session thedours were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
Wednesday, April 21, 1809.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
max. D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
final adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. I send a resolution to the
Chair which I do not ask action upon to day;
it can lie on the table.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That the existing order for the adjourn-
ment of the Senate without day is hereby rescinded.
Mr. SUMNER. It can lie on the table, to
be called up to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will lie on the table.
survey of the isthmus of d aries.
Mr. WILSON. I mo\ e that the Senate take
up for consideration a resolution submitted
some days ago by me.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
which was submitted by Mr. Wilson on the
10th instant:
Itemized, That the Secretary of the Nary be, and
lie heieby is, authorized, with the consent of the
Government of Colombia, to cause a thorough sur-
vey to be made for a ship-raiiway or ship-canal
neross the Isthmusof Harien, from San Miguel to the
Gulf of Uraba or Darien.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
apprehension of the Chair such a resolution
is not in order at a called executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to call the
attention of the Chair to that very question,
whether it was in order. _
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a joint
resolution, and it is not competent for the Sen-
ate now to act upon a joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. It is not a joint resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Itis not a joint resolution,
but it relates to legislative matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It relates
to legislative business, atid therefore should be
a joint resolution.
Mr. WILSON. It was offered as a simple
Senate resolution; and the survey that was
uriginaliy made, ol which a report was made to
the Government, was under a simple Senate
resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see any reason
why it is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
merely suggests the point of order. He will
not rule the resolution out of order if no objec-
tion be made to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
resolution read again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. The criticism that I would
make would be that it should be addressed to
the President of the United States.
Mr. WILSON., I have *o objection to the
change suggested by the Senator from Kansas ;
but the resolution on which the surveys were
once made, of which we have a volume of
reports, was a resolution of the Senate author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to do it. I
am willing to substitute' the President of the
United States for the Secretary of the Navy.
The resolution leaves it discretionary; he need
not do it unless he pleases. It is simply de-
claratory. I will say that the report made by
an officer employed over the route it is pro-
posed to examine shows it to be a feasible
route if that report is to be relied upon. An
article published in Putnam's Magazine a few
weeks ago showed very clearly that a way had
been found across the mountains at an eleva-
tion of only one hundred and seventy-eight
feet. If this is true, a practicable route has been
discovered, and this resolution confines the
examination to that route.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I should
like to inquire of my colleague, who has cer-
tainly given attention to this question, whether
he has had any estimates of the probable cost
of such a survey? I ask the question because
I inferred, from the attention I was called to
give to the other question of a ship-canal there,
that the surveys would be costly, and that they
would also take time. I should suppose these
surveys would, perhaps, be as costly as the
others.
There is also another point to which I should
like to call attention. The resolution of my
colleague provides that this shall be with the
consent of the Government of Colombia. What
is the consent of the Government of Colombia
given to the United States but a treaty, a con-
vention between two Powers'? The United
States has already concluded a convention
with the Government of Colombia, the first
article of which provides for a survey of this
very route, not to find a ship railway, but to find
a ship-canal.
It seems to me that this resolution, which is
addressed merely to the Secretary of the Navy,
does open the way first to a very considerable
expenditure, and secondly to something m the
nature of negotiations between the United
States and the Government of Colombia. I
mention this simply to call attention to its char-
acter. I am so much interested in any enter-
prise of that kind that I should vote for this
resolution even if it should entail upon us con-
siderable expense and subject us also to another
negotiation.
Mr. WILSON. It is said to he thirty-seven
miles across that part of the Isthmus ; and
how much it would cost would depend upon
the thoroughness of the survey. It seems to
me that a preliminary survey, a survey at any
rate from which some, judgment may be de-
rived as to the practicability of a ship-canal or
ship-railway across there, could be done for a
very small sum of money hy the Navy Depart-
ment. It seems to me wrong to pass a reso-
lution fodo a thing of that kind in the country
of a friendly Power without asking its leave,
and therefore 1 have put in the resolution the
words "with the consent of the Government
of Colombia.'' That, I suppose, will be read-
ily granted. What is proposed is simply an
examination of the route across the Isthmus.
But if Senators think we had better take no
action on the matter now I will not press the
resolution at present. 1 thought, from the
interest manifested m the subject hy the coun-
try, that it would be well to make the examin-
ation this season if we could ; and especially
so as the article to which I have referred,
written by a civil engineer who passed over this
route, and who gives a very interesting account
of it, seems to show that the thing is perfectly
practicable. Certainly if his statement be
correct there can be no doubt of it; and this
examination is confined to the route over which
this engineer went and of which he has given
a very interesting account.
Mr. THURMAN. I suppose there can be no
question that no money can be drawn from the
Treasury without an appropriation. I would
inquire of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts who moves this resolution whether
there is any appropriation that would cover
this survey'.' There is no necessity for passing
the resolution unless the survey is to he under-
taken and prosecuted before the session of
Congress next winter. The whole matter can
be left until next winter, unless it is desirable
to prosecute the survey now. The resolution,
I suppose, contemplates that the survey shall
be commenced at least before the next session
of Congress. Now, the question I wish to
submit to him is, is there any appropriation
that would cover such a work; and if not, is
it competent for us to make an appropriation?
Would not that be legislation?
Mr. WILSON. We certainly cannot make
an appropriation ; but the adoption of the res-
olution would call the attention of the Admin-
istration to the subject, and action might be
taken in regard to obtaining the consent of that
friendly Power, and readiness might be made
to enter upon the work, perhaps, without any
appropriation; and it is possible that the Navy
Department have means within their power to
employ persons to make this examination with-
out any special cost to the Government.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I would beg leave
to suggest to the Senator that he modify his
resolution so as to request the Presideut to
obtain the consent of the Colombian Govern-
ment to this survey, and confine it simply to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Chair will state for
the information of the Senate, and in conform-
ity with the opinion of the proper Presiding
Officer, that, in the opinion of the Chair, this
resolution is not in order, inasmuch as it un-
dertakes to provide for that which only the law
can provide for rather than a mere resolution
of one body. It is in the nature of executing
a public work, which can only be done by
authority of law. The Chair will, however,
submit the question of order to the Senate for
its determination; and the present question
will be. is the resolution in order as a resolu-
tion of the Senate alone?
Mr. POMEROY. If the resolution were
modified so as to request the President of the
United States to do a certain thing which he
can do within the law, within appropriations
made for the engineer corps of the Army, it
would be proper enough. The President can
direct the engineer corps of the Army to do
any legitimate work belonging to that branch
of the public service without additional appro-
priations and without any new law. Modified
as I suggest this resolution would merely act
, as a direction, or as a sort of invitation to the
! President; and a resolution of the Senate
amended in that form I apprehend would be
in order. I will move the amendment for the
| perfection of the resolution, so as to have it
: request the President of the United States
1 instead of the Secretary of the Navy.
I Mr. STEWART. I think that is all that it is
necessary and proper to do now, and is entirely
iu order. I think the fiist step is to obtain the
consent, of the Government of Colombia for
tiiis purpose. I received last night a letter
from a verv intelligent gentleman, who has
spent a good deal of money in this investiga-
1 tion. Mr. Kellv, of New York. He suggested
i; that' it would be better to have the engineers
!| of the Army make the investigation than those
i' of the Navy, and he also suggested that there
