736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
were some doubts whether the route named in l|
the resolution is the best route. There should ;
be some discretion on that point. There can 1
be no surveying done. I will state, until next ■'
winter. The dry season is just about ending, i
and the rainy season about coming on. It is -J
very warm, and all the little streams are high j|
during the summer season. The surveys can- •
not commence until next January. If, in the
mean time, the President's attention could be |i
called to the subject by a resolution, so that he '
would obtain the consent of the Colombian Gov- ,
ernment and have preliminary arrangements ;
made, there would be time, after Congress met at ]
the next session, to go ahead with it. I would
suggest a modification of the resolution simply ;
requesting the President to ascertain if there >
is any objection to the survey, if we can have |
permission to make the survey. Ij
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that the matter ij
'go over until to-morrow morning, and we can ;
see in the mean time if we can put the resolu- ij
tion in the right form so as to be perfectly in
order and proper, and for that purpose I move j
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business. . ■;
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator with-
draw that motion for a moment, that I may ''
make some reports from the Committee on ;
Printing?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair |
was about to state that the amendment sug
gested by the Senator from Kansas would per- n
haps be more properly a subject for consider- j1
ation in executive session. :'
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my motion to
accommodate the Senator from Rhode Island. ;
reporting and publication of debates, j
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing were instructed by a joint resolution ap- ji
proved March 8. 1869, to contract with Rives h
& Bailey for reporting and publishing the pro- '
ceedings of Congress if it could be done on
satisfactory terms, and if not, to direct the '
printing to be done by the Congressional
Printer. Acting under what seemed to be the
manifest wish of the Senate in this matter,
and what subsequently appeared to be the ,
manifest wish of the House of Representa- ■
tives, although it was not so at first, the joint j
Committee on Printing have made a contract ,[
with Rives & Bailey. The details of the con-
tract it is not necessary to give ; but it makes |
a saving of something more than eighteen thou-
sand dollars from the previous price, not re-
ceiving, however, the back numbers of the '
Congressional Globe that we formerly had. ,
The cost of the contract concluded with Rives |
& Bailey is $71,000 less than their original ;
proposal for a Congress, a long and a short j
session, and 532.000 more than the estimate !
of the Congressional Printer; but the Con- !
gressional Printer has had occasion to revise
his estimate, and in a communication to the
Committee on Printing he says:
" Alter examination of the modified proposition
which Messrs. Jtjver- ,V Bailey have made I am con-
vinced that it would ho much easier understood bv
the accounting-officers than if computed by the token
and by the page in quarto form. The modified
proposition, in iny opinion, will afford only a fair
profit on the amount of capital and care employed."
In the estimate of the Congressional Printer ,
no account was taken of the wear and tear i
of machinery, of general superintendence, of
interest on investment; and although this is
much more to the contractors than to the ;
Government, still it is something to the Gov- !
ernment, and in the opinion of the committee '
it was best to make the contract with Rives ]
& Bailey. j
The contract also provides the same facili- '
ties for folding which have been formerly con- \
ceded, rather by usage than by contract, to the j
Government; and it also, provides that the j
reporters employed for reporting the proceed- j
ings of each House shall he such as may be
approved by the Committee on Printing on
the part of each House respectively in writing,
it being the intention, as expressed by Rives
Bailey, and as (Jesired by the committee
and by the Senate, that the gentlemen who
have so satisfactorily served u.-> for a long time
shall be retained in their employ: and that
arrangement. I understand, has been made.
Mr. POMEROY. I merely want to inquire
whether our reporters are to be at the mercy
of these contractors as to their price and every-
thing of that kind?
Mr. ANTHONY. They have made a sat-
isfactory arrangement with the contractors.
Mc=«rs. Rives & Bailey.
Mr. POMEROY. Satisfactory to whom ?
Mr. ANTHONY. To themselves and to
Rives & Bailey.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is satisfactory to
themselves that will do.
Mr ANTHONY. The contract was not
signed until all parties had been satisfied, and
it was the closing of a very long war. I believe
it is satisfactorily arranged, and all parties are
content with the arrangement.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is satisfactory I do
not want to disturb it.
['HINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY. At the last Congress a
provision was made in an appropriation bill—
which is now the ordinary form of legislation,
I believe—prohibiting Congress from ordering
any printing that would cost more than $500
except bv concurrent resolution. The Senate
passed resolutions for printing the usual num-
ber of the Agricultural Report and the usual
number of the Mechanical Report. They were
passed as concurrent resolutions and sent to
the House of Representatives, but they were
not acted upon there. Concurrent House res-
olutions were passed in the House of Repre-
sentatives for the same printing, but were not
sent to us in the hurry of the closing proceed-
ings. The consequence is that there is no
authority to print either of these two doc-
uments. which are the chief documents that
are printed by the Government. It will be a
great inconvenience to the public, it will be a
great inconvenience to the office, and a con-
siderable loss if this printing cannot go on.
The Committee on Punting have no authority
whatever over the matter; the other House is
not in session; but it has occurred to us. and
to the chairman of the committee on the part
of the House. [Mr. Laflin.] who is m the c'ty.
that it would be best, inasmuch as both Houses
have ordered the printing by separate resolu-
tions. but neither has concurred m the res-
olution of the other, that the Congressional
Printer should take the responsibility of going
on with printing the smallest amount that was
ordered by either House; and if no objection
is made on the part of any Senator I think the
committee will advise the Congressional Printer
to do that; but of course the committee have
no more authority than any other members of
the Sena'e or of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
proposes no action of the Senate.
ri.AIMS AGAI.N5T ORE Vr BRITAIN
Mr. ANTHONY. To the Committee on
Printing was referred a resolution for printing
additional copies of the correspondence on
the Alabama claims, which was called for by
the State Department. This prohibition to
which I have referred is:
" Proritl-!<I t\,rthrr. That no proposition for print-
ing '5xfra copies of public documents, tne expense
of which -hall exceed the suin of -shall be con-
sidered by either Rouse of Congress until tilo same
shall have b^en referred to the Joint Committee on
Printing, and oideied by concurrent resolution of
the two Houses.''
Under that provision the committee do not
see how they can report a resolution ordering
this printing; but it does not seem that ft
would tie improper, and it is not without abun-
dant precedent that the State Department should
order the printing out of its contingent fund.
All the Departments have been accustomed to
order printing out of their contingent funds,
and to a greater extent, it always seemed to
me, than it was proper should be done; but
here is a ca.se where it is very desirable.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator must see that
that would be a diversion of the contingent
fund of the Department from its up) lic.itionto
foreign interests, and the fund has been cut
down very much lately. Under the late Ad-
ministration the Senator remembers that fund
was reduced very low.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am wrong in saying
"out of the contingent fund." They have
been in the habit of ordering printing. They
do not order it out of the contingent fund,
because the expense of the public printing is
covered by a general appropriation ; hut the
Departments have all been in the habit of
ordering a large amount of printing.
Mr. SUMNER. For myself I see no reason
why the Department may not send to the Pub-
lic Printer and ask for five hundred additional
copies of this document. It seems to me a
Department may order that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should make no objec-
tion to it certainly. The Committee on Print-
ing under this provision of law cannot report
any resolution but a concurrent resolution,
which, of course, cannot be passed now. I
merelv call the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr.'.SUMNER. Very well.
REPORT OF CO-MJII'tTKE O.N RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am also instructed by
the Committee on Printing to report favorably
upon the resolution to print extra copies of
the report of the Committee on Retrenchment
on the bonds, notes, and other securities of
the United States; and to move that one thou-
sand copies be printed. We should have
reported a larger number, but we could not
do so and come within the rule which I have
just stated. 1 ask for the present considera-
tion of the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT 01-I'lCERS AND EMPLOYE;.
Mr. CARPENTER submitted the following
, resolution: and the Senate proceeded to its
consideration :
Ilfsohtd, That the Secretary of State, of the Treas-
ury, of the Interior, of War, of the Navy, the Post-
master Geneial, and the Attorney General, be rc-
unested to furnish to the Senate on the liist day ot
its next session information of the names, a^>\ and
compensation of ail inferior ofiicei\s, clerk-*, and em-
ploye- in their respeetu e IJepart m<-nt-, - lee-, 111 u'ire m
what States tiicy were respectively appointed, and
how long and at what place or p! ices rin y h id ia--
s.ded m the States from v. inch the\ were respect-
ively appointed piior to their appointments respect-
ively, and upon whose recommendation they were
appointed. .
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to inter-
! pose any objection to this resolution ; but I will
say that the subject to which it relates is a
: matter that has to some extent been con-
I sidered by the Committee on Retrenchment.
: and I wouid respectfully suggest to the Senator
: from Wisconsin if he would not be willing to
have the resolution referred to that committee
!' with a view at ascertaining the tacts which he
desires to have made known to Congress. I
believe it i.s in contemplation to have a com-
mittee raised expressly for the purpose of
reorganizing the different Depai tments. or to
have that matter put in the hands of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment. At any rate there
is a proposition pending to have the whole
subject ot the organization of the Departments
con,sidered , and if any legislation is neces-my
to reduce the number of elei ks or the expenses
i of the respective Departments t.) h,m- ti; it
legislation enacted. 1 am ajipi ehensive that
the passage of this resolution now will involve
! the Departments m a gieat amount <>i labur
vvhich will be unneee.ssaiy . and winch they .tie
1 not piepared at this time to perform, and it
seems to me that it, is a mat tr r of sufficient con-
sequence to he considered by a committee, am!
' if the Senator would have no objection I should
be glad to see it referred to the Committee o.i
Retrenchment.
j Mr. CARPENTER. The objection to n-
< ferring the resolution to a committee is. as 1
understand it, that it stops all proceedings for
; the present. We cau have this information
1 furnished at the commencement of the n-\t
! session, and have it before us as a basis for any
