the congressional globe.
737
legislation which is proper to be had upon the
subject. The information, if the committee
desire to obtain it, must be obtained through
the Departments, and it matters not whether
it is obtained upon their application or by direct
request of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin that his resolution is
confined to the inferior officers. Why not let
it include the heads of Departments as well as
their clerks? It might be interesting to Know
who recommended the heads of these Depart-
ments; on whose recommendations they were
appointed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I would say to the
Senator from Kansas that we have that inform-
ation already. We know where the Secretaries
of State, of the Interior, of the Navy, and of
War, and the Postmaster General came from
and what their compensation is ; and the reso-
lution applies to all officers subordinate to the
Secretaries.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator know
who recommended them?
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not care.
Mr. POMEROY. Why inquire, th&n, about
th© clsrlfs ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not offer that
part of the resolution. It was suggested from
the other side of the House, and was submitted
to by me as an amendment. I care nothing
about that. The information which I want is
that covered by the formerpart of the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. Other members of the
Senate may want more information than that.
Mr. CARPENTER. Precisely ; and they
can call for it by adding to this resolution or
offering another.
Mr. POMEROY. It is quite as interesting
to me to know who recommended one man as
another. I do not care anything about any of
them. I have notified the heads of Depart-
ments that I wish they would turn out every
man from my State. I do not want any of
them here ; they ought to be at home.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have an object in
offering this resolution beyond the mere curi-
osity of knowing how many employes there are
in the Departments and who obtained their
appointments. I believe the Departments
should be thoroughly remodeled ; I believe that
there are twice the number of clerks there that
the public service requires ; and I believe that
if they were reduced to the proper number,
and the pay increased fifty per cent., and per-
haps the amount of labor required to be per-
formed also increased, the public business
would be expedited and the expense reduced.
There are many considerations which will come
before the next session of Congress applicable
to these Departments: and this information is
needed for any action on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care whether
this resolution is referred or not; I am opposed
to it in any form. The information called for
by this resolution would embrace several vol-
umes. I hold in my hand the last Blue Book,
familiar to all of us, and it contains much of
the very information which the Senator seeks j
to get, but in a condensed form, information j
that is laid before us every two years under j
existing law : information that will be furnished j
to us at the beginning of the next session of 1
Congress. _ '
It is a "registerof agents ana officers, civil, ,
military, and naval, in the service of the Uni- j
tod States on the 30th of September, 1887." |
A similar register will be made on the 30th of j
September, 1860, under existing laws, and :
will be printed at the public expense. This j
already embraces every officer or employ^ of j
the Government, from the highest to the low- j
est, down to the smallest post office employ^ I
and smallest clerk. It gives the place where ;
each is employed, where born, whence ap- I
pointed, and the compensation received. The j-
Senator proposes to add to this information j
the place where each one now lives and several i
other matters that will increase the bulk of the f
volume, besides asking upon whose recom-
mendation each one was appointed. Ninety- ■
4 1st Oonh. 1«t 8 ess.—No, 47,
nine out of a hundred are probably upon verbal
recommendations. The great mass of these
appointments are local postmasters and custom-
house officers—little employes of po signifi-
cance whatever. The same information that
is now called for will be furnished us under
existing law at the next session, and a new
resolution of this kind will probably involve
an expenditure that I would not undertake to
estimate.^ I doubt very much whether under
the existing law the Senate would have a right
to require this information, because it is
already provided for by law and will be fur-
nished to us under the law. It seems to me it
would be idle to pass this resolution and put
upon the Departments this infinite labor and
expense, especially when by law we shall have
the same information substantially, or all of it
that is important, furnished to us at the begin-
ning of the next session of Congress, and each
member will receive one copy of the Blue
Book. If the Senator wishes information on
many of the points he indicates he will find
it in the Blue Book, and a great deal more
information than probably he desires to find
in regard to a great number of offices. We
called the other day by resolution of the Sen-
ate for the name, residence, &c., of the new
appointees who have been confirmed by the
Senate, and that has been laid upon our table.
Now, to go into the history of the origin, life,
birth, and recommendations of all the various
employ6s of this Government is rather too
much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, I should like to put
a question to the Senator from Wisconsin. I
desire to knowhowheexpects that the Depart-
ments will be able to tell the Senate how long
these persons have resided in the several States
from which they were appointed, and how long
it will take to get that information?
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) Does the Senator from Ohio yield
to the Senator from Wisconsin ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall be thx-ough in a
moment, and then the Senator can have the
floor. There are in this Blue Book, according
to the report of the Committee on Retrench-
ment, over forty-five thousand names. Now,
to give the information asked for by this res-
olution in regard to these forty-five thousand
persons will be a very great task indeed. The
heads of Departments would have to send a
circular letter to nearly every one of these em-
ployes. The Senator must know the manner
in which most of them are appointed. All
these local postmasters and sub-agents are
appointed upon verbal recommendation made
by members of Congress or by local advice,
and where there are letters, probably they are
not preserved, but are destroyed. An assessor
recommends various persons to be assistant
assessors, and they are at once appointed with-
out any formal inquiry simply for the rea-
son that the chief designates certain persons
to perform subordinate duties. It seems to
me that it is idle and a waste of time to call
for all this information. I shall vote for the
reference of the resolution, and I shall vote
against it if it is reported upon favorably.
Mr. CARPENTER. If we have forty-five
thousand employes and clerks in these several
Departments it is high time we knew something
more about them than we do at present. The
Senator from Maine asks me how the Secre-
taries are to obtain this information? I sup-
pose the Secretary of each Department will
appoint some officer in his Department to call
before him these several clerks and obtain this
information with very little trouble. I think I
should be willing myself to take a contract to
do this duty in each Department in ten days,
with power to call these clerks before me and
ask them their age, their compensation, then-
position in the Department, when they were
appointed, and where they previously resided.
Now, we have before us, so far as I know from
thedocumeats, no information whateveron that
subject. Men are charged to Wisconsin in
these registers who never were in fhe State.
Some gen tlemati residing in Wiseansi n goes and
asks their appointment, and they are appointed
and charged to our State, never having lived
there. It seems to me worth our while to ascer-
tain if we can, and I see no difficulty in ascer-
taining, how the fact is. The Blue Book that
the Senator from Ohio refers to is a very large
volume, referring to a great many things that
this resolution does not refer to, and not con-
taining much of the information that the res-
olution calls for, and which, it seems to me,
ought to be before the Senate before any legis-
lation be had on the subject.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I woald suggest to the
Senator to confine his inquiry to the Depart-
ments in Washington. The resolution as it
stands covers every employ^ all over the
eountrv.
Mr. CARPENTER, That was not the ob-
ject. I intended it to be confined to the
Departments in Washington.
Mr. PESSENDEN, That would make it
very much narrower.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the -peso-
lution to apply to the officers here, but if there
is any doubt about it that point had better be
made explicit. By inserting the words '.'em-
ployed in their respective Departments at
Washington" that would be made clear, and
then I think it a very important resolution to
have adopted.
The objection on the score of expense, it
seems to me, ought not to have much weight
when the subject to be investigated is as im-
portant as this. The Senator from Ohio has
already stated that the Blue Book is in process
of preparation and will be issued in November
next for the preceding two years. When they
are obtaining the information for the Blue Book
it will be very easy to obtain this additional
information; and the great mass of the Blue
Book is made up of postmasters, that this reso-
lution does not contemplate making any inquiry
about. It is only intended to inquire in regard
to the Departments here.
I regard this subject of the appointment and
removal of officers, and the manner in which it
is done, as one of the great evils of this country,
calculated to sap the very foundations of our
Government. 1 think the experience of the
last six or eight weeks here should admonish
us that something should be done to bring
about a reform in this respect. Why, sir, a
great change has taken place within the last
ten or fifteen years in this Government. Sen-
ators and Representatives have become mere
solicitors at the Departments. The time was
when members of this body and of the other
House did not hang around the anterooms of
Secretaries to procure the appointment of some
clerk or some inferior officer. The time was
when we did not sign these papers; and I wish
there was a law to-day, and 1 give notice now
that at the next session of Congress, when it
is in order, if no one else introduces it, I shall
myself introduce a bill and urge it with all th-e
power that I have to make it a penal offense
for any member of Congress of either House
to go to the Departments soliciting offices.
if the Departments need information from
members of Congress let them address a note
to the member and make the inquiry, and let
him answer in writing; but let us not see the
exhibition of the anterooms of Secretaries
crowded by members of this body and the
other House soliciting these little appointments
and soliciting appointments upon which we
are to act- What becomes of the independence
of the Senate and of Senators, what becomes
of the advice and consent of this body to the
appointment of a man to office, when Senators
have put their names to a paper in advance
asking the Secretary of the Treasury or the
Secretary of State to appoint him? Sir, this
whole thing ought to' be stopped ; and while 1
would not deprivei the Departments of the
benefit of such information as members of
Congress may possess in regard.to all local
officers ia their neighborhoods, I would have
them obtain it in a different mode from that
