740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
the State might possess they should address a
note to him, and he should answer in writing
in regard to it. That was my suggestion. I
made no suggestion that I was better than any-
body else. The Senator from Massachusetts
has referred to me as if I had never signed
papers. I have signed, no doubt, a good many
more than 1 ought to have signed. What I
spokeof was this general system that prevailed,
which I thought was very injurious to the pub-
lic service and calculated to impair the useful-
ness of the Senate and destroy its independence.
Now, I should like to ask the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Massachusetts,
or any member of this body—and I apply it
as much to myself as to others—how can we
act independently upon measures which come
before us when we ourselves liave been urging
upon the head of a Department to do that very
thing which makes the measure he recommends
necessary? Suppose one of us goes to the
Treasury Department and urges the appoint-
ment of a clerk, and prevails upon the Secre-
tary to appoint him as a very particular case;
besays, " There is noplace for him." ''Well,
but can you not give him work for a short time;
do something for him ; his family are starving?"
You urge it upon the Secretary, and he gives
the man a situation. When Congress meets,
or if it be then in session, directly comes in a
deficiency bill to pay for extra clerk hire. Is
not human nature so constituted that that has
its effect upon us all, and are we as free to act
independently and impartially in regard to the
deficiency called for to pay this extra clerk
hire as we should have been if we had nothing
to do with, the urging of the appointment of
extra clerks ? I do not say that men are gov-
erned by that; but I say the tendency and the
influence of all this is bad; and it did seem to
me, and it still seems to me, ihat if we could
devise some means by which members of both
Houses would be relieved from this necessity,
if you please to call it so—the Senator from
Maine seems to put it upon the ground that it
is a necessity, that we must go up to the De-
partments and urge our friends for office—if
we could devise some means to relieve us of
that, and at the same time be able to furnish
the Departments with any local information
we possessed when they needed it, I think it
would be a great and a desirable reform. That
is all I meant to say. I did not mean to reflect
upon anybody else, or to claim that I was
purer than anybody else in regard to these
msttcrs
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have no
desire to discuss the general question that has
been opened by Senators to-day, but to call
attention to the substitute moved by the Senator
from North Carolina.
Mr. ABBOTT. It is not a substitute, but an
amendment by way of addition.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understood the Senator
proposed to strike out all after the word
"resolved."
-Mr. ABBOTT. No.
Mr. SUMNER. If I have rightly read the
histoiy of my country, there was before Vicks-
burg an^ army commanded by three generals
from Ohio—General Grant, General Sherman,
and General McPherson. Now, if I rightly
understand the proposition of the Senator from
North Carolina, he would require that the gen-
erals in command of our Army should be taken
geographically, not according to their merits,
not according to their capacity to defend this
Republic and to maintain with honor its flag,
but .simply according to the place of their res-
idence. and no three generals should be in
command from one State. Do I understand
the Senator aright?
Mr. ABBOTT. ^ My amendment reads "as
far as practicable.''
Mr. SUMNER. _ Very well; " as far as prac-
ticable." I would inquire of my friend whether
fifnes,s for office or service in other depart-
ments of the Government does not depend
upon capacity, talent, preparation, as much as
in the Army ? I ask the Senator i f it is not so ?
Mr. ABBOTT. The purpose of this amend-
ment was not to override all such considera-
tions ; it was to give an expression of the sense
of the Senate that States should not be ignored
in the distribution of this sort of patronage.
Nothing in it prevents three generals from
Ohio being in the command of one army, or
the appointment of three Cabinet officers from
Ohio ; but it is simply to express the sense of
the Senate that these things ought to be done
with something like fairness and justice as
between the different States.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it there is no Sen-
ator wlio does not accept the general idea of
the Senatorfrom North Carolina, that all things
should be done in fairness, and that all parts
of the country, every portion of this great Re-
public, should be treated with equal respect
aud honor. That is clear. But, first and fore-
most above all is the public service; that must
be maintained ; it must not be sacrificed ; and
how can it be maintained unless you advance
to prominent posts in this service those who
are the most meritorious and who can best
discharge the duties of the post?
I merely throw out this remark and call
attention to this point that Senators may see
to what this proposition tends. If it were
fully carried out it would reduce the public
service of this country to one dead level. Men
would go into it merely because they lived in
certain places, not because they had a fitness
for the post to which they were advanced.
Perhaps I am mistaken; but I see no reason
why there should be three Ohio generals in
command before Vicksburg and not three Ohio
citizens in eminent civil service. To my mind
the attainments and the talents required in
civil service are as well worthy to be recog-
nized as those that are required in military ser-
vice, and I see no reason for a rule that shall
allow talent to be taken without any reference
to geographical limit in the military service
which is not equally applicable to the civil
service.
Now, as to our friends who have recently
come into this Chamber, I beg them to under-
stand that so far as I am concerned there is no
disposition to deny or to begrudge them any-
thing to which, according to geographical pro-
portions, they may be entitled; but I beg them
to consider that time is an essential element
of this transition through which we are passing.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Will my friend allow
me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I merely wish to allude
to the notorious fact that for half a century
before the rebellion the proportion of persons
in civil office in the Departments in Washing-
ton from the southern States was very nearly,
if not quite, two to one to those from all the
other States. They had the control and had
pretty much all the offices for years and years.
Mr. SUMNER. We are now in a process
of transition, and I was observing that time is
an essential element in that process. What
the Senator from North Carolina aim3 at can-
not be accomplished at once. The change
cannot be made instantly. The men are not
presented from the States lately in rebellion in
sufficient numbers, insufficientproportion, with
competency for theseposts. I know that there
are gentlemen there lit to grace many of these
posts, but I know also that there is not rela-
tively the same proportion of persons fit for the
civil service as there is in the other parts of
the country, and our friends from the South,
it seems to me, must take this into considera-
tion kindly and wait yet a little longer.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I am very
glad that there exists such an overpowering
preponderance of ability to serve the public in
a few Stales. I recognize as truly as any Sen-
ator on this fiuor the lofty abilities which have
been shown by citizens of several States who
have a large preponderance of the patronage
of the Federal Government. I would not take
one jot or one tittle from the credit which is
due to the State of Ohio or the State of Mas-
sachusetts in virtue of the eminent ability of
their citizens to serve the public. I should
agree perfectly with the sentiment which has
been well expressed by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, that the public service i 
the first consideration ; that that is the con-
sideration which should weigh most heavily
with those who have the executive patronage
to bestow; and I would not. for myself, nor for
any other State in the Union, putin one single
claim where that condition was not first com-
plied with. If I understand toe spirit of this
resolution aright, itisto find out how the public
service does stand; it is to see whether this
abundant and towering merit does really exist
at present in the public service, and whether
the men who are in the public Departments
from certain States have merit which should
entitle them to remain there notwithstanding
there are whole States which have not a single
representative in those Departments.
Those Senators who come from the newly
reconstructed States have this to eay, that
although they have presented many excellent
candidates for inferior positions in the public
service it has not been thought best to recog-
nize their claims to any of these positions. I
say to any of them, because, taking the six
reconstructed States whose Senators are upon
this floor, there are single States having a
population of little more than half a million
who have more patronage than the whole of
them.
I recognize also the fact which has been
alluded to by the distinguished Senator from
Maine when he says that for a generation
the southern States had two to one of the
public officers in the service of the Govern-
ment. I regret as much as he does that that
fact did exist so long. I should deprecate a
recurrence of a similar state of things again
where the public patronage should be almost
entirely in the hands of one set of States, North
or South ; and it is in view of this that I hope
the resolution will pass. I do not ask for an
arithmetical distribution of the patronage of
the Government. It is entirely incompatible
with the public interest that such a view should
be taken ; but I say, other things being equal,
the policy of the national Government at this
time is to do everything it can to recognize the
new States.
Other things being equal, the best party
policy, the best national policy, is to say to
those States whom you have lately welcomed
back into the old circle of States, '"We wel-
come you with open arms : we give you every-
thing that we can, and everything that you
may reasonably demand." It is a matter of
party policy. Our enemies have told us in the
South that we represent nobody ; that we are
on the floor of this Hall, and our colleagues
are on the floor of the other Hall of Congress,
not representing the States which we claim to
represent ; and we come here, and the Adminis-
tration and Congress turn round and say,
"The charges which the late rebels make against
you are true ; you represent nobody ; you must
expect to be ignored in the disposal of the
patronage of the Executive." Indeed, it is
not twenty-four hours since this thing was said
to me by a person in high position: "You
must recollect that the white vote of the South
was a very small affair.'" Has it come to this
that the Republican party of the United States,
based upon the doctrine of equal rights to all
men, regardless of color, race, or previous
condition; tell us hero about the white vote of
the South ? Those six States all gave Repub-
lican majorities, all gave majorities for the
Administration which is in power; and shall
we be told that having given those majorities
those six States are entitled to less executive
patronage than is given to the Democratic State
of my friends on the left, £Mr. Davis and Mr.
McCkkkhyV] Yet such is the fact. This
Administration and the late Administration
have given more patronage to the State rep-
resented by my honorable friends on ray left
than to the six reconstructed States, all of
