1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
741
whom gave triumphant Republican majori-
ties.
Mr. DAVIS. If my honorable friend will
allow me, I will say that, if his statement of the
case be true, the Administration has left the
six southern States as paupers, for it has made
a ra iglity poor provision for Kentucky. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. SAWYER. I think it is demonstrable
that in the matter of the amount of compensa-
tion paid to those gentlemen who have been
appointed from the State of Kentucky the
compensation exceeds that belonging to all the
offices which have been given to the lately re-
constructed States. But be that true or false,
the general statement is correct.
Now, as to the matter of party" policy, it
seems to me to be the worst possible policy.
The southern States ask for the appointment
of no man to office whose claims for that office
are not as good on personal grounds, or polit-
ical grounds, or grounds of fitness for perform-
ing the duties of the office, as any competitor
he may have from any other location ; but, as
I say, other things being equal, a sound national
policy, a sound Republican policy, would dictate
that as much should be given to those States
as is compatible with the public interest.
I hope, therefore, that this resolution will
pass, and that we shall know out of the thou-
sands of men who are employed in this city,
who represent the army of the Republican
party, how many of them come from each State
in the Union. It will show, as I have reason
to believe, that there are many men who are
credited to the recently reconstructed States
who never lived there in the world, but who,
belonging to some other State whose roll was
already too full, were credited to those States,
when they were appointed really on the advice
and recommendation of members of Congress
belonging to other and northern States.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. It is obvious that this resolution is going
to lead to a very long debate.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
remained in executive session till five o'clock,
when a recess was taken till half past seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVEXJLNG SESSION.
The Senate met at seven and half o'clock
D. m. in executive session. After two hours and
a quarter spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned,
Thursday, April 22, 1869.
The Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newmax, D. D.,
offered the following prayer:
Almighty God, our Heavenly Father, we
return Thee hearty thanks for the personal
tavors Thou hast bestowed upon us; and espe-
cially we thank Thee that during the session
death hath not entered our midst, nor removed
from places of trust and responsibility those
elevated to power. We thank Thee that Thou
luibt graciously preserved the health of Thy
servants, the Senators, and imparted unto
them strength of mind and of heart for the
discharge of their onerous duties; and when-
ever they shall separate, may the blessing of a
Divine providence still be with them, that in
the paths of private life they may be still the
subjects of Thy watchful care and of Thy grace,
that, l ho nation may not mourn their death in
• die pride and prime of manhood; but grant,, we
beseech Thee, that they shall be spared for
greater usefulness in they ears that are to come;
and in all their pursuits in life may they exem-
plify those grand principles for which they
are here to legislate. May they be illustrious
examples of whatever is beautiful in charity
and commendable in justice and patriotism.
May Thy blessing abide upon Thy servant who
presides here, and upon all his brother Sen-
ators. Regard inThytcndcrestcompassionthe
Presidentofour nation and sustain him in body
and in mind and give wisdom'and grace unto
his advisers. And hear us, we beseech Thee,
for the Commonwealth at large, for all the in-
terests of this great nation; smile upon' our
lands that they may bring forth abundantly,
and bless us still with the wealth of the seas,
and do Thou guide us on paths of virtue and
of peace. May we still advance doing Thy
righteous will, and leading the nations of the
earth by example to a higher and better polit-
ical life; and then, when the fortunes of life
with us are ended, and our duties as private
citizens and public servants are done, open to
our ascending souls the gates of Paradise, and
unto Thy reverend name shall be ascriptions
of glory forever. Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES KEPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the annual report of the president
of the National Academy of Sciences; which
was ordered to lie on the table and'be printed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. CONKLING. I move, as I believe with
out incommoding any other Senator, that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. NYE. I had purposed this morning to
do what I have never done before in this body,
rise to a personal explanation; but if it is going,
to incommode the Senate I will wait until some
later hour of the day.
Mr. SUMNER. It would be better to do it
now.
Mr. TIPTON. With the permission of the
Senator from New York I would suggest that
this is a very proper time for such an explana-
tion, as the Senate is not yet full. I trust, there-
fore, the motion will be withdrawn, and that we
shall hear the Senator from Nevada now.
Mr. WILSON. I think the Senate should
proceed at-once to the consideration of execu-
tive business. After our business is done the
Senator from Nevada, who desires to make a
personal explanation, can address the Senate.
While I am up 1 will say that this matter of
personal explanations has been during the past
few weeks too frequently indulged in. Some
of us begin to think, and I am sure the coun-
try will think, that Senators do not so act and
speak as not to require personal explanations.
To say strange, extravagant, wild, reckless,
and foolish things that will make a sensation,
if not here in the country, seems to have
become quite fashionable of late. I do not
think any reputation worth the having will be
achieved by this sensational mode of action.
It is understood the Senator from Nevada feels
aggrieved by some phrases that have been
launched at him here and elsewhere, and that
he is desirous of making reply to what has been
said. I hope he and others will consent to let
us go into executive session, do our necessary
business, and then we shall have an ear to
listen to what he has to say, or what any one
else may have to say in reply.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ne-
vada understands full well that I do not make
this motion to incommode him. However it
may be with other Senators, it is not the wont
of that Senator to weary the Senate or occupy
it at all by personal explanations. For that
reason, as well as for others, I certainly would
not stand in his way. I understand, however,
that the explanation of the Senator or pro-
ceeding with public business generally this
morning will be likely to lead in other quarters
to some extended discussion, and therefore
I have ventured to suggest to the Senator from
Nevada, and he entertains the suggestion with
great courtesy, that it might be better to go
into executive session and let us dispose of
some matters there, to the end that other Sen-
ators who wish to address the Senate may ieel
freer afterward to do it than they would now,
feeling that they were arresting the business
which remains to be done before the close of
the session. Therefore I ventured to make
this motion, and unless the Senator from
Nevada wishes me to withdraw it I venture to
insist upon it,
The PRESIDENT protempore. It k moved
and seconded-that the Senate dow proceed to
the consideration of executive business. ■ ■ -
Mr. NYE. I have no desire to occupy a
moment's time of the Senate now. If at any •
hour of the daythey will give me a chance to
say what I desire to. say I shall be entirely
content.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of my colleague if he will occupy much time?
Mr. NYE. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Another matter will.
M_r. STEWART. We can go into executive-
session when.my colleague gets through. -
Mr. CONKLING. , I shall be very happy to
move, unless he will do it himself at any time
when he feels so disposed, that the doors shall
be opened for this purpose, and I take it it will
be a matter of course that on the question of
courtesy that motion would prevail.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
motion by saying that at one o'clock the- Sen-
ate will proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business. That will give the Senator from
Nevada time to make his explanation.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that in order ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to go into executive session is not amend-
able. The Senator from New York ean accept
the modification.
Mr. CONKLING. If I move that at one
o'clock or some other designated hour the
Senate shall proceed to the consideration of
executive business, and that order is adopted,
will the Chair, under the rules as the Chair
understands them, enforce the order at the time
designated?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unques-
tionably.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think we ought
to fix a particular time. We should go into
executive session now and open the doors after-
ward, or else let the gentlemen who wish to be
heard speak now.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
we had. better go into executive session now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is agreeable to
the Senator from Nevada, I do.
Mr. CONKLING. It is quite agreeable to
me. I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business, and upon
that motion I ask a vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let the
Senator from Nevada make his remarks now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I repeat what 1
said when I was on my feet before, that to-day
for the first time since I have had the honor of
a seat in this body do I occupy a single,mo-
ment in relation to anything that has been said
personal to myself. 1 would not rise for such
a purpose now but for the fact that other Sen-
ators have been attacked, though perhaps in
language not quite so pointed as myself, and
the wbole body stands arraigned before an
intelligent public, as a body, for its action and
course here. What led to the controversy out
of which this personal matter grew is a speech
made, I think, on the 20th day of March last
by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Sprague,] in which he arraigned this
body in terms the like of which I had never
heard used on this floor or anywhere else, and
particularly arraigned the profession to which
I have the honor to belong and charged upon
them, I thought at the time and think still,
what was unjust in fact and what the history
of the past would not justify him in saying.
And, sir, I shall be pardoned for declaring that
I entered on the little work of their defense
with no feeling but that of the utmost kindness
for the honorable Senator from Rhodelalarsd.
whose intercourse with me up to that time had
been to me of the most pleasant kind. There-
