742
IHl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
fore, what I say I say in love rather than in
anger, and I shall study brevity in the words I
utter on this last day of the session.
My attempt to defend a profession that has
been so- long honored, respected, and revered
was answered on the 20th day of March by the
honorable Senator in my absence, being absent
for a day. On my return I read in the Globe
that he had given to me the cognomen of " the
charlatan of the Senate.'' Sir, not willing to
trust myself upon a definition exactly of what
it meant, I consulted a New England author-
ity known as Webster's Dictionary to find
exactly what ''charlatan" meant. By the
permission ot' the Senate I will read a short
definition, and see to whom it is applicable:
"Charlatan—One who prates much in Ma own favor
and makes unwarrantable pretensions to skill: a
(mack; an empiric: a mountebank."
Mr. President, I appeal to my honorable
associates on this floor if I ever talked much
of myself. I never boasted that I ran more
spindles or in better order than others, or that
I made money upon others' misfortunes; I
never professed any great skill in anything ;
but if the speeches of the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island are a true indication of
what they mean, I think the word "charla-
tan" could be written with perfect propriety
over or under them all, for he boasts here that
no man is as skillful as himself—a boast that
I never made and never shall make.
Not quite content with that, and finding, I
sappose, that he had got the wrong word to
convey the meaning that he intended, he ap-
plied another term to me in a speech which
he made on another occasion, which I have in
my pocket, which speech was prepared with J
great care and caution, and, from the honor- j
able Senator's own remarks, I venture to say
by another pen than his, because he said he
had employed a person more skillful in the use
of language than himself, he giving the ideas
and borrowing the drapery with which they
were clothed. That next speech has this
memorable clause : " The Senator who uttered
thedefense"—speakingofthe honorable Presi-
dent of this body—"is of little consequence
except in connection with the harlequin of the
Senate.'' 1 judge that he meant me by that
from the fact that the papers stated next morn-
ing that he paid his respects in no less com-
plimentary terms to the Senator from Nevada
[Hi-. Nye] than he did to the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] giving very
little consequence to what you said, sir, except
for the part that the harlequin played, and
there again I consulted Webster, thinking it
safer to do so :
" IlnrUqin, i—To play the droll; to make sport by
pluyiug ludicrous tricks."
Mr. President, I never shook stove-pipe iron
at this body, nor held up unfinished hubs of
wheels to illustrate any position that I assumed.
If my feeble language cannot demonstrate or
illustrate what I attempt to say I shall bring
no such exhibitions as those to show my skill
and prove myself either a " charlatan " or a
" harlequin."
But, now, Mr. President, I have said pretty
ranch all that I desired to say upon that sub-
ject, except that I am unwilling to be held up
to the public gaze as a gentleman who plays
tricks before this body that I myself honor and
revere. I come from the frontier; my man-
ner may not be as cultivated nor my speech
as chaste as the manner and the speech of him
who has sat at the foot of Gamaliel always—
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island;
but 1 bting with me here as honest a purpose
to do what seemethto me right and to do it
timely as any Senator upon this floor, and I
r.m unwilling under any circumstances to be
denounced by my friend from Rhode Island as \
a harlequin who plays tricks before this body, j
Sir, 1 appeal to the Senate, in which I have
been now almost live years, whose members
know my incomings and outgoings, whether I
have played the harlequin upon tins floor. To
the judgment of this tribunal and to the judg-
ment of an enlightened public, I appeal from
the Senator. Such language would not be
becoming in me to use of the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. When he assailed that
profession which I have been taught always to
revere, when he assailed the temple of law and
its ministers, I felt constrained, as I then said,
as one of the feeblest of that profession, to
shield it from a blow that it did not deserve.
Why, sir, the honorable Senator has never
traced law to its foundation and found the solid
base on which it stands. Law was not born of
man, it was bom of Omnipotence itself; and
when the first code was promulgated there were
but two present, and it was proclaimed amid an
effulgence so bright that the face of the Law-
giver could not be seen. It was against that
temple, against that Heaven-born code which
forms the basis of all human law, because it
can all be traced back to that code which was
ushered in amid the astonishing array that was
seen upon the mountain top, that the Senator
directed his thunderbolts. When I said that,
with no desire to belittle, but with the pro-
foundest intention to elevate him, believing
that no man of woman born would dare attempt
that mighty work, I called him Boanerges, the
son of thunder, from Rhode Island. I meant
no disrespect. If any one should give to me
that appellation I should feel proud of it.
But the honorable Senator said that I ad-
dressed the galleries. Sir, that is a thing
I have never done in this body, and I never
shall do it. If I had made the attempt to do
that, which the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island did do and by your permission, I should
have been called to order in this House for
breaking one of its first and most fundamental
rules. I never address the galleries. When
I address this body, being favored with a voice
of some scope, I suppose ttie galleries can hear
me ; but that is not my fault. They come not
here by my invitation ; I do not open nor close
their ears. Oh, that was a fantastic trick!
If { should attempt to address the galleries I
think I should address them in language that
would strike upon their ears quite as harmo-
niously as did that of the distinguished Senator
from Rhode Island. I have not that refined
taste which the honorable Senator possesses;
but I know better than to suggest to those
around me that their garments may not cover
more virtue than others of an humbler char-
acter! Sir, that is a question I have never
raised with the galleries nor with the world, and
never shall. Who, Mr. President but a Boan-
erges could do that? [Laughter.]
The honorable Senator in the course of his
series of remarkable speeches has said in lan-
guage not to be misunderstood that this Senate
as a whole is corrupt. That is a bold charge;
and he prefaced that remark by saying that it
required a bold man "like me!" to make it.
It is a bold charge, and it required a bold man
to assert it—a man, I say with all respect to
my distinguished friend, who must for the
moment have forgotten that he stood sur-
rounded by his peers at least, equals all, if not
some of them his superiors. And, sir, what
gave a sting to the whole, he said it was a sub-
ject of mature reflection with him, one upon '
which he had long dwelt; and this was the I
fruit of bis long dwelling! j
He likewise stated that we were tyrants, I
and he preferred one tyrant to many! Mr.
President, the honorable Senator did not
remember that law is the natural enemy of
tyranny, and that lawyers by the force of
their education must be the enemies of tyrants.
It is the law that has broken the wand of the
tyrant everywhere. It was the majesty of the
law that put down the fearful inquisitions of
old, and its march has been as steady and its
tread as visible on the pathway of the advance*-
ment of the world as the sky is illumined by
the sun in its orbit. Tyrants lawyers! No,
sir; 110!
Sir, who broke the yoke of siavery in Eng-
land, and who stands to-day by the side of the
younger Pitt in that beautiful collection of
statuary in old Westminster Abbey? It is he
who left his mechanical trade and studied the
profession of the law, and who wrung from
Mansfield the great the immortal declaration
that in England slaves could not breathe; that
the momentthey touched her soil their shackles
fell. Sir, was he a tyrant? The cupidity of
the manufacturers of England, and of the agri-
culturists of England, and of the commerce of
England had trampled humanity under foot
for centuries, and the breaking of that yoke
was reserved for that immortal name which was
not born to die. I hold up that name in opposi-
tion to the one in regard to which the Senator
read so largely from Macaulay, Jeffreys. In
whose nostrils of all the world is the fame of Jef-
freys least savory? It is in the nostrils of the
legal profession. It, was they who drove him
from the bench that he did not honor, but dis-
graced. It ie the lawyers of England that have
stamped his name with imperishable infamy.
Mr. President, I was astonished, I was
amazed, when this general arraignment of this
body was made. I look around me now and
! see men that have sat here almost ever since
I my cheeks wore the dew of youth—names that
| in my distant State are revered, honored, and
! cherished—names that will pass down into
i history as the brightest ornaments of human,
j society—names the mention of which would
i be the symbol of liberty and freedom every-
j where ; and yet at one fell swoop they all must
| go down before my honorable friend's keers
j perception :
"Optics keen it needs, I ween.,
To see wbat is not to be seen."
Sir, let me give my honorable friend one
word of advice. The way to climb up on thS
ladder of fame is not to make stepping-stones,
of those who surround you. I have no envy
for the honorable Senator. I have never said
one word against his financial project, for I
frankly confess I do not understand it, and
never did. I am going to wait until I do com-
prehend it; and then if it is right, it will com-
mand my support most heartily. I make no
arraignment of his entire honesty. As was
said by another, if I have not the spirit that
would elevate men to the skies, I have none
of that other that would drag angel* down.
The pathway to greatness lies not in belittling
those below you. Eminence, preeminence is
only seen in contradistinction to those whose
greatness you outshine.
Iam inclined to think that the honorable Sen-
ator's health was not good that day. [Laugh-
ter.] I think he must have eaten something
that disturbed his rest; for he was not content-
with striking at the Senate as a whole and at
some in particular, but he struck backward for
eight years and assailed the fame of the living
and the memory of the dead. I did not share
in the struggle with the sword; but I took
occasion to> say here the other day what I re-
peat now, that inv eyes were attracted, my
sympathies were enlisted, my good feeling was
warmed up to the greatest extent toward the-
houorable Senator lrom Rhode Island when I
saw him with his youthful appearance, astride
ot his war-steed ride into this city at the head-
of the Rhode Island volunteers. I bespoke
for him then as I do now a future as glorious
as his action was noble. I never dreamed,
then, and no one could have made me believe,
that he would be the first to arraign the repu-
tation for bravery in the field of his own com-
rades! My friend from Rhode Island does
not comprehend the battle of Bull Run. It
was not ordained by Him that was conducting
this great war to a successful end that our
arms should be triumphant at Bull Ran. What-
ever of sacrifice there was made was but the
blood incident and necessary to sprinkling the
very altar of freedom itself.
Whoever might have commanded there with
the forces we had would have been beaten, in
my honest conviction. It was foreordained of
God that we should have a defeat instead of a
victory to arouse the nation to that point that
was necessary to its ultimate and final salva-
tion. I have tears to drop over the fallen dead
of Bull Run ; but 1 have a heart to thank GoA
likewise that that army was not then victo-
