1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
rious. In this lastgreat struggle between free-
dom and slavery it was ordained that armies
so mighty in proportion that those of Xerxes
should seem insignificant by their side should
marshal to the battle field ; they did, and when
they met, from the Mississippi to the Potomac,
from the Gulf to the bays of the North, the
armies of freedom were victorious, and amid
that clash of arms a sound sweeter and more
melodious than angels' voices proclaimed free-
dom to four million human beings. Those
were iudeed angelic sounds ; sounds in which
the derelictions of friend or foe should have
been forgotten by the magnanimous; sounds
by which the world was lulled into security
with the assurance that wherever freedom and
slavery meet in armed array freedom would be
victorious.
Mr. President, the bloodless sword which
I took up here was laid aside when the hon-
orable Senator and the now historic Burnside
marched into Washington. I saw there the
warriors' plumes and swords fitted for the
fray. I then went to the western coast and
assisted in building up a little State in the
mountains of the West, but my eyes were
always eastward, and when I read of the mis-
fortune at Bull Run I did not then compre-
hend it. But those who were here and those
who witnessed it could better comprehend it
than myself; and no man living or dead had
better advantages to see, to know, and to hear
all about it than the distinguished Senator from
Rhode Island. He did not mean to let that
record of Rhode Island's heroes die; he meant
to perpetuate and succeeded in perpetuating
the story of their bravery upon the records of
your State, sir; and I appeal from the Senator
to the Governor for his judgment on that
occasion.
I hold in my hand a letter _ written with all
the nervous power of my distinguished friend
from Rhode Island, showing the estimate in
which he, as Governor of Rhode Island, and
the citizens of that proud Commonwealth held
those headed by Burnside, and Burnside him-
self upon that occasion, and in proper time and
m a moment now I shall ask the Secretary
to read that letter. No man is so well calcu-
lated to judge of an action as when he sees it.
The impressions that are made then are like
spots upon polished steel; they cannot be
effaced. And I rejoice for the reputation of
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island that
he made a record—aye, more, sir, lie made a
proclamation to his people that will forever
endear him to them whatever he may do in
subsequent life.
This letter is not only a letter of approbation,
bat a subsequent one, which I also have, con-
veyed to the warrior upon the distant field an
emblem of his profession purchased by the
honorable Senator himself by the authority of
the Legislature of Rhode_ Island, which he
commissioned a brave soldier to deliver upon
the field of battle. It was a sword to Burn-
side, and never was fitter emblem sent. His
history is written in blood on every battle-field
of the Potomac; and ICnoxville will forever
attest to the bravery of Burnside. He hurled
back and kept in abeyance at least three times
his number, headed by Longstreet, until was
heard the tread of coming thousands to his
relief, and ICnoxville was saved. Sir, whatever
fiaid he attempted to save was saved if it was
in the power of bravery and endurance to save
it. Tell me not, then, that he was unfortunate
at Bull Run. He was not in command. The
commander was another honored name who
by that cloud lost much of the preeminence to
which he was entitled as a military man of this
nation ; I refer to General McDowell, for lie
is second to none in his acquirements and skill
m the art of war. lie was unfortunate in that
battle that Almighty God foreordained we
should be unfortunate in. Burnside, too, was
unfortunate at Fredericksburg. Ihe proudest
general of this nation, and oue irom w*los®
diadem even the Senator from Rhode Island
would not dare attempt to pluck one jewel,
■vaMinforiunaie at Vickshurg; hut whodoabted
the bravery, who doubted the patriotism, who
doubted the skill of the indomitable and fiery
Sherman? He was overmatched. And at
Fredericksburg, when Burnside hurled his
columns against those deadly walls, the very
air was redolent with the shouts of his soldiers.
Braver men never lived and never died ; and
never were men more gallantly led. They
were overnumbered; the enemy had their
intrenchments; and the crushing bones and the
gaping wounds and the bloody fields on thatday
told the story of their bravery. I was shocked,
therefore, when I heard the attempt in these
after years to pluck a laurel from the brow of
a Burnside.
It is said, and I think truthfully, that no man
is as well known anywhere as at his own hearth-
stone. I think I can assert with equal truth
that no man is as well known anywhere as he
is in the community in which he resides. Burn-
side resides in Rhode Island, and he wears the
same gubernatorial crown, if crown it be, that
the Senator once wore; and it has been three
times thrust upon him by the generous and
magnanimous people of the Stat® which my
honorable friend has the honor to represent.
Are Rhode Island's citizens wanting in ordi-
nary sagacity and blinded to the faults of men?
No, sir. Did they need a guide; did they need
an executive direction where to cast their eyes,
and where to center their hopes ? They have
it in the letter which I now ask the Secretary to
read, from the highest official in the State of
Rhode Island, my honorable friend, now Sen-
ator from that State.
The Secretary read as follows :
Executive Department,
Pbovidekce, August 21,1861.
Sir: I herewith transmit to you tbe resolution of
thanks to yourself and the officers and men late
under your command, passed by tho General Assem-
bly at their recent session, it gives me pleasure to
convey this testimonial of their appreciation of the
services of yourself and your gallant regiment, and
request you to communicate the same to your officers
and men. The people of Rhode Island will long
remember your services to them and to our common
country. No man, I believe, in the history of the
State has, in so snort a time, more firmly entwined
himself around the hearts of our people than your-
self. I take this opportunity to tender you my sin-
cere thanks for the cordial and patriotiespiritwhich
has actuated you in all our intercourse since the
commencement of the war.
Wishing sou every success 111 the new position to
which you have been called, I have the honor to be
your iriend and obedient servant,
WILLIAM SPRAGUE.
General A. E. Bubnside, late Colonel commanding
First Heginltnt J.L X. D. M.
Mr. NYE. The battle of Bull Run was
fought on the 21st day of July, 1861, it' I re-
member correctly, and if I heard the reading
aright, that letter was written on tho 21st day
of August, 1861. Within thirty days, while
that scene was fresh, and passing in the fresh-
ness of a panoramic view before the vision of
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island, lie
wrote that commendatory letter. Sir, he did
well; he but echoed the sentiment of Rhode
Island and echoed the sentiment of a grateful
nation. Within thirty days, while the blood
was yet upon my honorable friend's sword, he
wrote that glowing letter, which will live after
Burnside is dead, and after he who has, the
honor to address you is dead, and after the
honorable Senator who wrote it is dead. It
was the inspiration and the truthful history of
the moment. Eight years after, it is a hold
experiment, and one that will fail, to attempt to
detract from the fame of him whom the Senator
then so highly honored and commended. Sir,
tho judgment of the then Governor of Rhode
Island is the recorded judgment of Rhode Island
to-day, and not only of Rhode Island, bnt of
every State where the heart of patriotism beats
and where those who love their country dwell.
Burnside may not have been the most brilliant
general in the field; I pass no criticism or
encomium upon him in that respect; but though
he be even the least, inasmuch as an attempt
is made to strike down and defame the charac-
ter of one ot' these the least, it is done unto
me and unto a grateful nation. But a few short,
hurried words did I ever pass with General
i' Burnside, but they were words of encourage-
ment in the time of the war. It was on the
eve of that dreadful battle at Fredericksburg.
With a heart as full of bounding patriotism as
was ever exhibited he sealed his devotion to
his country by his blood.
Mr. President, I have done with Burnside,
and I have but a few words more to say on one
other topic. I beg the indulgence of the Sen-
ate for a moment longer. The honorable Sen-
ator, in the depth of his thought—for he has
given us assurance over and over again that his
speeches are the result of the most mature
reflection—says that this nation is going to
ruin; that it has lost the Uvo great elements of
its prosperity, to wit, slavery and immigration.
Stand aghast, ye wise men of the present time!
Even the southern planter has forgotten that
foolish dogma. What! is it reserved for the
honorable Senator to say that the prosperity
of this country in the past or in the present
has rested upon the basis of human bondage?
If that is wisdom, God in His mercy give me
folly. I find more consolation in tbe kind of
foolishness which is denominated so by- hint, in
the rejoicing that I feel in my very heart that
that system which dragged us down is dead and
buried; but the honorable Senator, to give
this country prosperity, would disinter it and
bring it up from that grave to which it sank
by the common consent of an intelligent world.
Sir, give me no such wisdom as that. I re-
pudiate all such wisdom. Now as to the other
point, he says immigration fell off thirty thou-
sand last year. Suppose it did, what of it ?
That is a mere ebb in the great tide. I have
watched this tide and current of immigration,
and my heart has swelled with gratitude -to
Almighty God that I have been permitted to
see it; that here upon this favored ground we
have built up a Government and a set of insti-
tutions that take from three to five hundred
thousand prisoners of peace from the down-
trodden nations of the Old World and give them
the right to stand here erect in their manhood.
That tide of immigration will not cease. The
necessities of the Old World discharge them.
Ay, sir, the fertile fields of the new invite
them. The spindles which the honorable Sen-
ator runs so boastfully invite them. The fruit-
ful earth invites them. The wondrous works
that we are performing here invite them. And
above all what invites them most is that they
cast from them the shackles of oppression and
stand forth here clothed in the garments of
American citizenship.
I repudiate the first idea suggested by the
honorable Senator, and the other, I assert, is
not true. Last year Ireland was convulsed with
internal troubles and her emigration ceased ;
but next year her sons will come more plen-
teously than before, and in the name of ray
country I invite them, to come. Though they
have been serfs there, they shall be men here.
Though they have worn the yoke of oppression
there, here they shall be clothed in the imper-
ishable vestare of American citizenship.
I repudiate all idea of the decay of this coun-
try. The honorable Senator declared that it
was socially and morally going—somewhere.
The morals or the social standing of society in
this country may not be up to the standard ot
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island.
I know not what standard he rears; but I look
around me, and 1 see at every hearthstone the
smiles of a contented family; I see maternal,
paternal,and filial obligations binding as closely
as ever, and the heart of the father and tbe
heart of the child warm to each other as '-kin-
dred drops mingle into one.'' But that does
not seem to suit the honorable Senator. When
he gets this nightmare out of his mind he will
! see that he has been looking through a key-
| hole from a dark room. All boys that have
I been at school know what I mean; when you
t have gone into a dark room and looked through
| the key-hole into the blazing light everybody
! outside seems to walk on his head. [Laughter. J
: I hope that when the honorable Senator looks
not from a dark room, but looks with the aid
of the effulgence of noonday around him, he
will be sorry that he has ever advertised to
