1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
Woonsockkt, Rhode Island, March SI, 1869,
Bear Sir: Learning that your speech in the Sen-
ate on the civil tenure bill i« to be printed in pam-
phlet form for distribution, I hereby pray you to
remember me in a copy at least. A few copies for
distribution would be very thankfully received by
one lately your fellow-townsman—one who it not
of your political fraternization claims the independ-
ence of recognizing true and eminent governmental
policy proud and emulous of our little State when
her bond prove themselves true patriots, and legisla-
tors assume the rare eminence of statesmen, inde-
pendent and capable of rising to the elements of
higu honor and national weal.
Humbly, your servant,
STACY W. EINNER.
Hon. WilliamSprague, Senator, Washington, J). C.
Boston, Massachusetts, March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me at least one
copy of your speech in Congress last week ? If you
will send more I will distribute them where they
will be useful. Please send at least one, and oblige
youi obedient seivant,
J. C. RILEY.
Jiox 3187, Boston.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator from Rhode Island.
Registry op Probate and Insolvency,
Worcester, Mass., March~$l, 1869.
Dear Sir: Please send to my address copies of
your speech as delivered in the Senate of the United
States upon the tenure^-of-oftice law, so called, and
upon the finances of the country.
F. W. SOUTHWICK.
Hon. William Sprague.
Lowell, Massachusetts, March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me, as far as they
have been printed, your recent speeches in Congress
on the condition of business and public affairs, and
obJige yours, truly,
D. WEBSTER CUSIIING.
Hon William Sprague.
Providence. April 3,1869.
Dear Sir: Pardon me in claiming a tew moments
of your time, realizing as I do the multiplicity of
your labors and cares, and that situated as you are
you must be more or less annoyed by correspondents;
but I have felt a desire since reading your speeches
delivered within the last few weeks to congratulate
you upon the original and able manner in which you
have presented subjects pertaining to our national
affairs, which m the main meet my hearty approba-
tion, and so far as I can learn, the great mass of the
people are with you. Although now and then you
will find a timid, time-servmg, temporizing old fos-
sil, who ought to wear petticoats instead of breeches,
speaking deprecatingly of your speeches and that
they thought you had made a mistake, ka., but
that kind of people you and I care very little about,
as they are not the people who mold public senti-
ment or cairy elections.
I sec by the Journal this morning that the battle
is opened with that usual display of fairness and
high-toned journalism which has ever characterized
that delectable sheet, and which more than one of us
have telt in times past, but I trust you will "fight it
out on that line" to the bitter end.
L. SAYLES.
Hon. William Sprague.
Providence, April 4,1869.
Dear Governor: Pardon me for writing these few
line?, but I have just finished reading your intel-
lectual, reasonable, bold, and manly speeches. My
brothers and myself congratulate you, as they ex-
actly correspond with our views, and all your lead-
ing friends here. The people have been looking to
Congress to do something for them, bat alas in vain I
Matters go on from bad to worse, until now you are
ranking a bold struggle to keep us out of general
bankruptcy and ruin, corruption and fraud. May
God piotect you in your endeavors to disenthrall an
over-taxed people. * nAvn
Yours, most truly, CIIARLES A. BOYD.
\ B —The Providence Journal was quite out of
temper. Yesterday it had an article on your remarks,
but the Press had a saucy reply, which was last even-
ing having a good effect. The Journal seems to
belong to the Prospect Hill clique^ and- whatever
does not exactly chime in with their views are wi oug-
Erank Richmond, our employer, and my brother had
sharp words yesterday on your remarks. He belongs
to the Ives & Co. fraternity. The common People
arc with you, so do not lot up. v. A. ii.
Boston, April 4,1869,
115 Harrison Avemte.
Dear Sir: I have read extracts from your bold and
truthful speeches with delightful feelings. I hope
you will get time to do me the honor and favor to
>-ond me some copies of the same.
Respectfully, K_ NEWT0N, M. 11.
Hon. William Sprague.
27 Beacon Steeet, Boston, April 4,1869.
l>csir Sir: I have been unable to procure any
copies of your recent speech in the Senate on the
condition ol the country. I am very desirous ol
hn\i>)~ a copy Jor myself, and should be glad it you
could send me as many copies as you choose, for 1
hftvo hoard mnnv inquiries mnde tor them. I he?
you will excuse the liberty of this request, and will 1
allow me, though personally unknown to you, to |
express what I am sure is the sentiment of every i
thoughtful gentleman of America—my thanks toyou ;
for having given us that which in this country is :
rarer than manna from heaven—a public utterance [
of the truth. I shall take it as a great favor if you I
can and will comply with this request, and shall not i
take it amiss if you do not do so, as I know the cou- !
stant calls upon your time and attention. j
With great respect, I am your obedient servant, |
.THEODORE CHASE. !
Hon. William Sprague.
Providence, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: I have read yoursmeeches as published
in the papers of this city, and I have seen nothing
to condemn but much to approve. I do not con-
sider myself to be a good financier, but I do know
from my own sorry experience what you say about
business and business matters to be true. It re-
quires much more than ordinary moral courage for
a gentleman in your place in the United States
Senate to take the correct position you have. 1 do
not know of any other Senator who would dare to
do it even if they believed it was right. I have
always been pleased with this trait in your charac-
ter. It is a jewel to have moral courage to do right,
especially when there are such odds against you. I
will do- everything I can to sustain you, either in
writing for the press or speaking for you in public
or private. The latter X do now more or less every
day. I hope you will take good care of your health,
for that will be necessary, as you have taken this
additional load upon you besides your usual busi-
ness. You will be sustained by the-people.
Very respectfully, &c.,
NOAH J. ARNOLD.
Hon. William Sprague.
Boston, April 5,1869.
X am very anxious to read your speeches. Please
send me the "revised" speech by mail.
I inclose a slip cut from Boston Advertiser.
G. S. BLANCIIARD,
Box 1107, Boston, Maasaehusetts.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Boston, Massachusetts, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: If not asking too much of you, will you
please mail me a copy of your speech.
Respectfully, yours,
X. GOODNOUGII,
21U State street, Boston.
Hon. William Sprague.
City op Boston,
City Hall, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: Having an exalted idea of you incon-
sequence of the course you have recently pursued in
the Senate of the United States in exposing corrup-
tion in high places and the manly stand you have
taken regardless of party, may I ask of you as a favor
to send me a copy of your speeches on the subject.
Wishing you God speed in the work you have so
gloriously began, I am your obedient servant,
EDWARD 3?. ROBINSON.
Senator William Sprague.
Fully and heartily concurring in the above, re-
spectfully ask the same favor.
Yours truly, C. A. CONNOR.
Boston, April 5,1869.
My Dear Sir: If your late speeches, or any por-
tion of them, are m pamphlet form, will you oblige
me with a copy to address as below.
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant.
E. WILLIAM SCHUTTE,
61 Milh street, Bo it on, Massachusetts.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
No. 25 Guild Row,
Boston Highlands, Massachusetts,
April 5,1869.
Sir: Please send to mv address a copy of your
recent speeches when published, and oblige,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
E. BURRITX PALMER,
Hon William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, 1). C.
Boston, Massachusetts, April 5,1869.
My Dear Sir: It is with pleasure I have recently
noted your recent speeches before the Senate, and
particularly the manner in which you informed that
body as well as the people of the United States that
the preponderance of legal talent was too great for
the good of the country. I find many friends in this
city who fully coincide with your views. The great
problem seems now to be the method in which the
Treasury can be brought to bring about the return
of specie payments, when money can be hired again
at six per cent., and one dollar worth one dollar,
never mind if the speculators of Wall and State
streets are ruined, for the good of our common coun-
try it would undoubtedly be the best step. Hitherto
Senators as a class have undoubtedly watched for
the chances of making money, and it is gratifying to
know that at least there is one who has the good and the
true interests of the country foremost in mmd rather
than wholly private interests, of which latter prob-
ably you have as much at stake as any one. •
On the publication of your speeches I would be
delighted with a few copies, both for my friend* here
and myself, and you will please pardon ineif I have
trespassed upon your time required in perusing this.
Remaining your obedient servant,
GEORGE R. DRONNE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Boston, Aprils 1869,
Dear Sir: I had the pleasure to write you a few
days since, in which I asked the favor of a few copies
of each of your speeches. They have set the people
to thinking!
Very respectfully,
GEORGE II. WILBUR.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington.
Boston, April C, 1869.
My Dear Sir: Many thanks for your important
speech m Senate on the 3d instant. There isnosub-
jectso important to the commercial interests of the
world as that of interest. Without most stringent
laws to regulate interest you cannothave a currency.
The moment you permit money to be bought and
sold as merchandise it ceases to be currency.
When Chief Justicc Chase was Governor of Ohio I
sent him statistics to show the great importance of
usury laws. I corresponded with the late Hon. John
Whipple, of your State, for a period of years on this
topic, and I have some very interesting letters from
him. He wrote an article in 1^37 on usujy laws, in
answer to the Benfcham theory, which Judge Story
pronounced to be the ablest in print. I have any
number of facts to illustrate this subject, collected
since 1845; and should you have a desire to usetbem
I shall be happy to confer with you and to make
them available.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island are trying to do
without usury laws, but the people will be made to
suffer. I write in haste, but I desired to thank you
for your important utterances, and to assure you that
the people of the country will appreciate them.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
NAHTTM CAPEN.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, JO. 0.
P. S.—As I have not the honor of a personal ac-
quaintance with you I beg to add that I am well
known to Professor Henry, of the Smithsonian Insti-
tution, and to many others in Washington. N. C.
Boston, April 6,1869.
Dear Sir: Please advise me wheie to apply for
full reports of your recent speeches in the Senate
referring to the state of the country, and oblige, your*,
very truly,
R. P. HALLOWELL.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Springfield, Massachusetts, April 6,1869.
Dear Sir: I have been trying for weeks to write an
approval of your retnarks at sundry times in that
period on financial matters. You have hit the nail
on the head more than once, and the wounded birds
flutter, judging by whatl see in various city paper*.
I have anxiously studied thefinancial situation daily
lor five years past, and can heartily indorse your
views. In fact no man in your body seems so thor-
oughly to comprehend " the situation" as you do.
It is not pleasant ofttimes to tell what should be
told, and lam glad there is one iu Cungiess fear-
less enough to stand his ground in doing it.
Accept sentiments of the highest esteem from yours,
very truly,
ALFRED BOOTH.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 8,1869.
Sir: By sending copies of your recent speeches, you
will much oblige, yours respectfully,
JAMES E. DEAN.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, 2). C.
5 Chauncey street, Boston, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: I have read with a good deal of interest
such abstracts from your speeches as appear in the
Boston and New York journals as they come to hand,
but New Englandjournals are quite illiberal in pub-
lishing anything which does not accord with their
own views, and suppose, it would seem, themselves
capable of shaping public opinion asthev see fit. I
\ am pleased, and I find most of the business men with
:l whom lam acquainted frank in indorsing your course
ij andopinions. Notonly is this true of Boston but ol
ij New York, and applies equally to both^ the great
i' political parties, and for one I beg you will continue
j' in the good work. Iwouldlikcsuchot'yourspeeches
| as have been published, if not too much tioublefor
j you to keep me in mind, because I think your course
! the right one to be pursued. 1 take the liberty thus
j to address you, and beg you feel encouraged.
ij very truly. GEORGE F. MOORE.
William Sprague, United States Senate.
Boston. April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: I have read with much pleasure your
recent speeches in the United States Senate. J-here
is great corruption in the various Department&oi the
Government, and particularly in the internal rev-
enue department; and this city is not an exception.
There ought to be a clean sweep of all internal
revenue officers in this district and honest men put
, in their places. By making a clean sweep all cora-
binations which now exist would be broken up.
>! lam gbid to see that there isone Senator who ha?
