750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
independence enough to expose the corruptions exist-
ing. which will be commended by the people through-
out the country and redound to >our credit. When
you publish your speeches in pamphlet I would liko
(o rcceivc one, and remain yours, very truly,
JOSEPH W. WARD.
Hen. William Sprague, Washington, D. 0.
Boston, Massachusetts, April lo, 1869,
Denr Sir: There is a large number of conserva-
tive Republicans here who are much pleased with
your recent independent and able speeches in the
Senate, aud who know by their own experience that
every word in them is true.
Butaness in New England is depressed and un-
profitable; the only exception perhaps is the shoe
trade. Every other branch is in a very bad state.
Our enormous taxes eatup everything. Something
must be done, and that soon.
The object of this letter is to inquire if your recent
speeches are printed, and if so, where they can be
had. If they are not allow me to advise that they
should be at once; they would have a large circula-
tion here.
Pray excuse the liberty I have taken, and believe
me, very respectfully, yours.
AUGU; ~
Hon. William Sprague.
iJSTUS L* WILLIAMS.
(By telegraph.)
Providence, Rhode Island, April 17,1869.
lion. William Sprague: The reaction is begin-
• tiing. Men who signed the Burnside papers yester-
day are sick to-day.
Providence, April 17.
Bear Sir: Please forward, as soon as convenient,
a 2opy of your speeches delivered in the United States
Senate. Iain very anxious to read them as deliv-
ered. and not be obliged to rely on the Journal's state-
ments. With high esteem of yourself as a man, I
subscribe myself as one who will ever cooperate with
any and all who advocate reform.
S. N. ROCKWELL.
Hon. William Spraguc, Washington, D. 0.
Newport, April 17,1869.
MyDearSir: What is the matter? I am constantly
meeting mutual personal friends, and the question
invariably is, what is the mitter with your friend
Sprague? If there is anything not made public please
give me a little light on the subject, so that I can
answer these numerous questions satisfactorily.
Yours, very truly,
W. II. CRANSTON.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Boston, April 17,1863.
My Dear Sir: Having taken quite an interest in
your politics, I would deem it quite a favor if you
would mail to me your last speech delivered to Con-
gress. By so doing you will confer a favor upon a
strong supporter of your doctrine.
I am, your obedient servant,
A. W. FERNALD.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. V.
Boston*, April 19,1859.
Dear Sir: I write to ask, if the speech recently
delivered by you in the United States Senate has
been printed, if you will favor me with a copy?
With much esteem, 1* am truly yours,
HENRY BROWN.
27 and 29 Winto' street, Bestow.
Hon. William Sprague.
Providence, April 19, 1869.
Sir: Please send me your speeches as soon as you
have them printed. I want to see the whole speech
without it being mutilated. Stand for the right and
the people will support you.
Yours truly, STEPHEN P, HENRY.
Hen. William Sprague.
Providence, Rhode Island, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir; Will you please send me a few copies
of your late speeches for distribution, and oblige,
yours, &c.,
SYLVESTER ALLEN.
To Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. G.
Providence, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: I notice in one of your speeches your
remarks that while other parts of the country have
responded to the points which you have set forth for
*he consideration of the people, Rhode Island had
uecn mostly silent. However this may appear, you
rest assured that even in this State there are
many upon whom these points have made a strong
impression, while the abuse you have received has
made little or none.
You hare touched the key-note of agrand national
psalm in which the people will 3oin, and to which
they haye already commenced singing the Amen I
Whatever hackneyed politicians may say in ridi-
cule, there are many quiet, thinking men who have
watched closely and hav£ not yo£ s-een points
met or ii_ftue<L
T am portedly aware that the opinions of who
are not politicians are not of much apparent value.
But such are not less patriotic in feeling, and though
Jess interested, are probacy ns impartial judges of
what is sound in principle as more prominent and
noisy citizens.
You have held up to public view that which I am
confident needs only to be persisted in to meet the
wishes of a majority of the people. If you abandon
the work (of which I have no fear) the problem will
work itself out in such fearful measure that none
can fail to see it.
Apparent and real prosperity are two very dissim-
ilar things, and if the people do not make these dif-
ferences facts upon which to act for themselves in
due season "the logic of events" will reveal it to
them most unmistakably and to their bitter cost.
As I remarked before, the words of small men are
of little noticeable value; but when they come from
one who has no political "ax to grind," and no po-
litical or personal preferment to ask or desire, they
have at least the merit of being the truthful expres-
sion of honest conviction.
I have the honor to inclose you a letter which, as
the manager here of Mr. N. Bangs Williams's busi-
ness, came into my hands. Tho straws show the
direction of the wind.
Hoping soon to have the pleasure of seeing your
speeches herein convenient form for perusal and ref-
erence, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
. WILLIAM PRATT.
Hon. William Spraguc, United States Senate.
Providence, Aprt719,1869.
My Dear Governor: The Tribune article has made
a sensation, and the public to-day are a little exer-
cised over the Journal's silence in regard to it. In
half an hour after the papers were received the
news dealers were sold out, and one dollar a copy
was offered in vain.
# The Goddards, it is said, are furious, and it is con-
sidered significant that the Journal this morning
calls for the return of the papers for the ovation to
Burnside. It is also said that many parties who
have signed would like to get their names off, which
explains the haste for the return.
The Goddards have circulated the paper personally
and threatened where it was necessary. They have
met with many refusals where they lea ^t expected.
Thefeeling of the community has decidedly changed,
and shows the result of your good judgment in let-
ting the thing work here in its own way. In a taik
with an ex-Governor, he told me yesterday that the
great family would find before they got through that
there were other powers to crush besides Senator
Sprague. and he thought they had got a hard time
before them.
A great cotton man said to-day "he thought it
would turn out that it was Tho Goddards who made
the proposition to Senator Sprague. and he wished
that the latter had not said it was B. & I." I an-
swered that if he would read B. & I.'s card again he
would see that you used the term "the great family "
and not B. & I. He was much pleased, ana went
away happy. He refused to sign, as also Dea, King.
Frieze, Bourne, and many others; but when the list
gets into print we shall find many who would have
shown their discretion better by refusing. I have
quoted the great cotton man to show you how easy it
has been for the Journal to befog the people. So many
take editors' statements instead of the real thing
that explanations are always needed. I hear that
FrankGoddard is to knock you down the first time
you meet him. Do you think a special police will be
necessary for your protection 1 Most people think
he had better settle his old threats before making
new ones.
Truly, yours.  .
Hon. William Sprague.
Cambridge, Massachusetts,
April 1,1869.
Dear Sir: I take the liberty of asking you, pro-
vided you can comply easily and without trouble, if
you can procure for mo a copy of your able speeches
recently delivered in the Senate of the United
States?
I am very desirous of obtaining a copy for perusal,
and being unable to do so here, or by any other
means, I, though a stranger to you, take this liberty,
hoping it will be excused by you.
Most respectfully, yours,
C. T. RUSSELL, jr.,
Cambridge, Massac kusett*.
Hon. William. Sprague, Senator of the United States.
Indianapolis. Indiana,
April 1,1869.
Senator Sprague: Will you be good enough to for-
ward me two or three copies of your late speeches ?
I judge you have been saying some things which
ought to be heard.
Respectfully, yours,
HENRY BLANCHARD,
Minister of the Unitarian Society.
No. 55 Darin Hill Avenue,
Baltimore, April 1,1869.
Dear Sir: You would oblige me by sending me a
copy of your speech in the Senate on the 25th
u timo.
I remain, respectfully, yours, &c.,
EDWIN JOHNSON.
Mr. Sprague, United States Senate.
Roslyn, Queens county, State of New York,
April, 1869.
Dear Sir: The writer of this having been from
home, and not receiving newspapers regularly,
desires to read the speeches recently made by the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island. A copy of
the same, or information where they can be obtained,
will be thankfully received and appreciated bv
TT „ „ L. M. S. MOULTON.
Hon. Mr. Sprague.
New York, Aprill, 1869.
Sir: Would you be kind enough to send me acopy
of your speech delivered in the Senate during the
debate on the repeal of the tenure-of-office act, and
oblige, yours respectfully,
„ J. W. SEYMOUR,jr.
Hon. William Sprague.
Baltimore, April 2,1869.
Dear Sir: You were kind enough to say you would
forward me a few copies of your late speech in the
Senato if I would send you my address. I append it,
also that of a friend who is anxious for a copy.
Yours, respectfully,
JOSEPH J. STEWART,
No. 72 Saratoga street, Baltimore.
Hon. William Sprague,
Send also to N. J. Thayer, esq., 71 North Charles
street.
Baltimore, April 2,1869.
My Dear Sir: Will you dome the kindness to send
me your speech of the 24th of March, if you have it,
at length or in pamphlet form.
Very respectfully, yours, R, W. RASIN,
51 West Fayette street.
Senator Sprague.
Baltimore, April 2,1869.
Sir: Please to send me a few copies of your speech
of the 24th ultimo, which meets with much compli-
mentary notice here. I desire to distribute two or
three copies among the friends who ean appreciate
something like the patriotism of former times.
Yours, respectfully,
ERNEST W. CECIL.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator, Rhode Island,
Washington, D. CApril 2,1869.
My Dear Sir: Your kind note was duly received.
Supposing that it might be of interest to you to
se«s what distant editors have to say in regard to your
patriotic course, I take the liberty of inclosing tho
"Sentinel," published at the eapital of my State,
with two articles marked on the second and third
pases.
Very respectfully and truly, yours,
__ R. J. POWELL.
Greensboro', North Carolina, April 2,1869.
Dear Sir: I make free to address you an additional
line in way of commendation and approval of your
late speeches, and to venture so far as to make a
suggestion touching tho first step to be taken to
secure a reform of the gross abuses of which you so
justly complain, and I am induced to call your
especial attention to it from my own personal ex-
perience and knowledge.
I assure you the great struggle with all capitalists
is to form any and all sorts of combinations simply
to enable them to realize great usury gains or
profits, while they invariably labor to make it ap-
pear the end they are aiming at is to reduce those
profits or gains and give the country asound, pliable
currency or financial system. When bills were intro-
duced to repeal our usury laws this, they argued,
was done to bring capital into theStates and thereby
reduce the rate of interest, by competition of prom-
inent capitalists and bankers, to three or two per
cent, per annum. But,strange to say, as foolish and
vulnerable as these miserable sophisms may appear
they answered the purpose, with a few hundred dol-
lars in cash judiciously expended, to have our old
stringent usury laws repealed. The result is our
State and county credit has become worthless: the
best of our State bonds can be purchased at thirty-
five cents on the dollar in gold. Indeed, I do not
believe that there is a well-informed man in the
State who would make an investment in them at
that rate even were he sure they would be promptly
paid at maturity. Why should he, when he can
loan ail the greenbacks he can procure at from two
and a half, three, five, and six per cent, per month,
and real estate mortgaged for the payment both of
interest and principal before the money is handed
over? I speak nothing but what is true—every word
true. Napoleon I boasted that he had or could
overturn thrones and Powers, but he could not
speedily rear up an aristocracy to fortify the new
thrones and monarchies he desired to make perma-
nent. This was tho great difficulty he had to en-
counter. It requiied time to rear up an aristocracy
for this purpose. If our financial system is con-
tinued for a few years more wo will have abjcct
poverty enough, especially in the South, and an
aristocracy sufficiently stropg, if there be not enough
of poverty and wealth now in tho land, to fortify a
throne and a despot upon it—to oppress the many and
honor the few. And is this the end of tho war tor
the Union, tho ond of the abolition of African sla-
very, the end of revolution? But I have uninten-
tionally wandered far, very far, from my original
intention, which was simply giving it as my honest
and well-matured opinion that the first great re-
form to be pas>ed to te.^tore credit and to make
it stable aud reliable hereafter will be to move to
amend the Constitution of the United States, or
pass a law by Congress fixing the legal rate of inter-
est at five or six per cent, throughout the land
under the most String en t sanctions'. Coneiesshas the
