752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
such truthful sentiments to the country, and hope
that such may be disseminated, throughout the land.
Yours, very respectfully,
ROBERT MURRAY.
Hon. William Sprague.
New Yoke, April 6,1S69.
Dear Sir: I like your late speeches in the Senate,
and will thank you for printed copies- Such speeches j
please tho people, it is so seldom anything is said in
Congress in their behalf. But it will not always be
so; they arc waking up slowly, and looking at Con-
gress to see who are their friends.. I am a Rhode
Island man, and glad to see a Rhode Island Senator
ihiifc ft not afraid to speak tho honest truth.
Years ago I made up my mind that we ought to
have a national currency and free banking law sim-
ilar to General Butler's bill. Merchants here are
losing money; country merchants failing; and no
money South and West. General Butler's bill would
save thousands from ruin; or must we have still
another panic to open the eyes of Congresg. You
and General Butler could put that bill through, in
my opinion, and immortalize your names and do
good.
I am, respectfully, your friend and obedient ser-
vant,
B. FRANKLIN' CLARK.
Mr. Sprague.
Richmond, Virginia, April 6.1869.
Dear Sir: Pardon the liberty I take. Will you
please send me a half dozen copies of your speech
lately made in the United States Senate, if it has
been printed in pamphlet form?
With much respcct, yours truly,
W. II. IIAXALL.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington.
Baltimore, Maryland, April 6,1809,
Dear Sir: Oblige some warm friends of yours here
by forwarding to my adddress three or four pam-
phlet copies of your late remarks in United States
Senate. We have endeavored to get them here but
have failed in doing so.
Respectfully- your obedient servant,
WILLIAM B. NORRIS.
Cambridge, Maryland, April 6,1869.
Dear Sir: I had the pleasure of forming your per-
sonal acquaintance five years ago, but doubtless you
do not recollect it. Your bold and manly denuncia-
tion of the ruinous course of our national legisla-
tors has struck a chord responsive in the hearts of tho
masses ot the people. You were right when yousaid
the present danger is greater than when the rebels
fired upon Sumter and marched almost on Wash-
ington.
Pi ease send me a copy of your several speeches, and
oblige, yours, truly,
JOHN S. EDWARDS.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Oil City, Pennsylvania, April 6,1809.
Dear Sir: Please send me copies of your late
speeches, and oblige, yours, &e„
JOHN C. WELCH.
Senator Sprague.
Waterford, Virginia, April 7, 1869.
Sir: Please send me copies of your late speeches,
and oblige, yours, respectfully,
JOHN T. SHUEEY.
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 7,1809.
Deav Sir: If you have any printed copies of your
late speeches to spare we should like to have one to i
send our Mr. Caylus, now in Paris, to whom we for- i
ward public documents of interest. :
We lemain, your-?, trulv, !
E. CAYLUS, DE RTIYTER CO. I
William Sprague, e>q., United States Senator. !
Philadelphia, April 7,1869. j
Sir: I have been so pleased by the few extracts I \
have seen from your late speech or speeches in the 1
Senate as to feel a strong desire for a copy. Will .
you please cause one or more to be forwarded, and I ,
will distribute the extra copies among some appre-
ciative iriends ?
I ha\ o long regretted, in common, I suppose, with '
most thinking men, the preponderance of tho legal
ele:Rcnt in Congress. But how can we help it? The
law is the royal road to power in our country, and
-econd-rate lawyers are not slow to avail themselves
of their opportunities. I do not mean by this that
none but second-rates find their way to Washington,
lot T know the contrary, but that description will
-ujt tho majority.
Yourspecch—even thelittleofit wehavebeen priv-
i!e f^d ro see in our city papers—has created a sensa-
tiou ; lor there is no disguising the fact that the people
arc waking up to a sense of the dangers and duties
of the hour. But what of that? It will soon be for-
gotten iu the advent of something new. 1 believe
you oio possessed of wealth—excuse my plain speak-
iucf, I am perhaps taking an unwarrantable liberty—
hue 1 was about to suggest that if you were to start
a new-jpapcr in New York or Philadelphia to advo--
cato reloHii .others would speedily take up theory,
and you might place yourself at the head of a party
which would do much to bring back tho purity of
the earlier days of the Republic. Corruption rules
the hour both in and out of Congress, God grant that
it may soon be checked.
Very respectfully, EDWARD E. JONES,
144 South Fourth street.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, JD. O.
I ought to add that I am not a Democrat, but a
Republican dissatisfied with some ot the proceedings
of the party.
Branch Dale,
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
April 7,1869.
Hon. W  Sprague: Please to send me your late
important speech, and oblige,
Yours respectfully, T. D. BIIENNAN.
Boston, April 7,1863.
Dear Sir: Having read your latespeeches touching
th® financial policy of the Government, I am pleased
to inform. you that I heartily approve of them. I
am glad to read the words of one Senator who has
the courage and a sufficient regard for justice to
stand up in the Senate Chamber and tell the truth.
Long enough have the legislative departments of the
Government devoted the time which they have sworn
to use for the enactment of laws for the protection
of the interests of the whole people to class legisla-
tion simply. They have made laws to strengthen
and perpetuate the moneyed power, furnishing it
with the means whereby it can rob labor of all it
produces above a mere support, producing want,
misery, and crimc. Making laws to punish poverty
instead of such as would prevent it, legislators seem
to ignore the fact that labor produces everything,
and is really the only great interest which they are
in duty bound to protect. It is with pain and regret
that I have read the doings of Congress in regard to
financial affairs; subsidizing the public lands to rail-
road monopolies instead of reserving them for actual
settlers; pledging the credit of the Government for
hundreds of millions of dollars for the same purpose,
when the country is groaning beneath its heavy and
unrighteous burden; passing acts purporting to
strengthen the public credit, (it would be more cor-
rect to say an act to strengthen the public debt:)
neglecting important business, and occupying their j
time in agitating a resumption of specie payments, !
when they knew it could not be done—a deception, j
a mockcry of the people. These matters are better j
understood by the great mass of the people thau our j
legislators suppose, and the day of retribution is ,
nearer than they are aware. In view of these acts i
your speeches are truly- refreshing, and I am sure ;
they will meet with a hearty response from the op- i
pressed people of all vocations. And it is my earn-
est desire that you persevere m the high and noble j
course you are pursuing, bearing in mind that' 'the
truth is mighty, and will prevail." I notice that the
press is endeavoring to destroy the good influence
and intent of your speeches. This should be ex-
pected as a matter of course. The opinions of the
Jress are of but little account in the scales of justice.
t is prostituted to the very power which is holding
the people in chains, and its opposition to any move
which tends to expose the iniquitous means by which
it receives its suppoi t is natural. I am griad to learn
that you are going to have your speech*-1" printed
and circulated, and it you will be so liiud a& iu acud
mo a package I will be greatly obliged to you and
use my best efforts to circulate them among people
"who have ears to hear;" and hoping to be excused
for this intrusion upon your time, I wish you an
earnest support in the stand you have taken. Please
direct to No. 3 Tremont Row, Labor Reform Head-
quarters, Room 52.
Youis, tiuly, GEORGE W. RANDALL.
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 7, I860.
Dear Sir: From the attention givon to your late
speech by the prc^s I feel a desire to have a copy of
it in lull for perusal. Will you be kind enough to
send me a copy of it to the care of the above address ?
and oblige, yours, truly.
ANDREW H. TODD.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Sear/tor.
Savannah, Georgia, April 7,1S69.
My Dear Sir: If I am not asking too much may I
beg the favor of you when your late speeches are
published to Fend copies to my address ?
Your attention will be highly appreciated by yours,
most respectfully,
GEORGE L. COPE.
Hon."William Sprague, Wahington City.
Augusta. Maine, April 7, 1869.
Dear Sir: Your late speeches have made a strong !
impression upon the public mind in this section of j
the country, and many inquiries are made for the :
speeches iu full. ;
Please forward a few copies, and oblige, yours,
truly,
E. E. PILLSBURY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Georgetown, Esbex County, Massachusetts,
Apr-til, 1SG9.
Sir: Will you do me the very great favor to mail
to my addressjust as many copies of your speech as
you can well spare? Be assured, I will see that they,
every one of them, fail into the right hands. And
1 of this do not for a moment doubt, that the working i
people of this country are with you and for you.
God bless you, sir, for thoso bold, true words, truer
words never spoken, never more needed.
Respectfully, yours,
T w.„. „ HENRY M. NELSON.
Hon, William Sprague.
Washington, t>. C., ^4pri7 7,1869.
Sir: If it would not be considered rude for a
stranger to you, but nevertheless an admirer of your
action as a Senator, to request a copy of your speech
on present matters, I respectfully solicit your mail-
ing me one.
Your obedient servant, B. D. IIYAM,
Post Office box, No. 735.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Athol, Massachusetts, April 7 % 1359.
Dear Sir: Please send me copies of your late groat
speeches. I will read and circulate.
I might get them through the book publishers,
possibly; but I wished to express my admiration for
your fearless statesmanship and the very greatsatis-
fa^tion I have derived from reading the meager and
imperfect reports of said speeches already published
in tho newspapers.
Very respectfully, yours, __
GEORGE W. HORft.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. 0
Willoughby, Ohio, April 7,1869.
Honored Sir: Please send to the subscriber a few
of your excellent speeches on the situation. Your
sentiments are indorsed by the people.
Yours, &c.,
J. S. ELLEN,
Willoughby, Lake county, Ohio.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C., April 8,1869.
Will Senator Sprague do me the favor to send me
three or four of his late speeches ?
Truly, &c.,
THOMAS L. JONES.
Hon. William Sprague.
Hibernia, Dutchess county, New York,
April 8,1869.
Dear Sir: I have read yo~ur speech, in the Senate,
of April 3; your speeches previously delivered I have
not seen. Will you please send some copies to me,
and by so doing greatly oblige a native Rhode
Islander, who holds in pleasant remembrance the
land of his birth, the home of his childhood, and tho
land that inurns the ashes of his forefathers, and
who feels justly proud that she is now represented
by a Senator who is not owned by a clique, and who
dares to speak his sentiments, and who can assure
you that along the Hudson river your views are in-
dorsed and your sentiments applauded ? Hopingyou
may be able to gratify my wishes, I remain very truly
and respectfully yours,
ISAAC LAWT0N.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
New York, April 8,1869.
My Dear Sir: Will you please send me a copy of
Senator Sprague's speeches, and confer a favor on
yours respectfully, _
WILLIAM C. O'BRIEN,
Sixth District Court, Eighteenth street and Fourth
Avenue, New York.
To H-on. James Brooks.
Albany, Aprils, 1869.
Dear Sir: I have read your recent speech with
great interest because of its truthfulness. It strikes
me we are on the brink of a great financial, com-
mercial, and moial bankruptcy, such as has never
befallen this or any other country before. The war,
with all its terrible necessities, has been no check on
legislative profligacy, national or State. We are
now having a striking illustration of it in New York
by way of railroad appropriations. A State debt of
over forty millions, with county, town, and corpor-
ate debts, with four per cent, taxation on real estate,
appears tobe mere trifles to our legislative Solons.
The way they appropriate the people's money would
lead one to suppose that it fell in showers, and much
more frequently than it rains.
See what a fearful demoralized condition the admin-
istration of justice is m. Crime is holding high car-
nival over the country; life, liberty, and property has
but little security; justice is only spasmodic. The
greater the criminal the greater his chance of escape
from justice. If the judges do not let him off the sher-
iffs and constables will. It looks to me, from the
present tendency of things, that the people are
becoming entirely too strong for our present repub-
lican form of government. They seem inclined tu
obey no other laws than are congenial to then- mdi
vidual necessities and vicious appetites. Every pa
triot in the country has reason to dread the end,
come when it will. The besetting sin of the country
to-day is we lack in our national council? broad and
comprehensive statesmanship that can grapple with
a master hand the embarrassments and dangers of
the country. I beg leave to say to you that I do not
look to Jim. Nye and men of that sort as capable of
anything m that way, although I am not prepared
-to say how far they might go in an opposite direction,
