1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
Since writing the above I have read your later re-
marks in the same vein. Please send both if you can.
Yours, truly, •
HENRY TISE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Department op the Interior,
Pension Office.
Washington, D. C., March 26,1869.
Dear Sir: I will thank you for a copy of your
speech delivered, in the Senate on the 24th instant
upon the subject of the "tenure of office." I have
read all the newspapers have published, which has
created a desire to read the speech entire. I am glad
to find one Senator who has the moral courage to
rise in his place and lay bare the moral deformities
of the nation. The people see it and feel it; the poli-
ticians, and, as you say, lawyers endeavor to con-
ceal it.
Respectfully, &eM your friend,
W. W. JACOB.
Hon. William Sprague, Senate.
New York, March 26,1309.
Dear Sir: At the risk of pestering you I cannot resist
the impulse of expressing my approval and admira-
tion ot your speech in the Senate on Wednesday last
on the " tenure-of-oflicebil].*' Whatever thegalleries
may have thought or said, the thinking, intelligent
American people will say that you told the truth.
I have myself been abroad, and know that which
you say about the condition of our society is true.
The discouraging fact is that society is itself indiffer-
ent to its own condition. History repeats itself. In
eighty years we have arrived at a period of luxury and
eiiminacy which Rome was seven hundred years in
arriving at, and not many years will elapse when we
shall require a second Napoleon to quell the revolt
of the Senators and establish imperial power.
I am, sir, very truly, yours, S. ROOT.
Hon. William Sprague.
Richmond, March 26,1869,
Dear Sir: If you have published your late speech
in the Senate in which you denounced the unchris-
tian heartlessness by which we are accursed, do me
the kindness to send me a copy. My State is voice-
less in Washington or I would not trouble a stranger
for such a favor. You have not told the half of our
condition. Talleyrand described the Russian Gov-
ernment as "adespotism tempered by assassination."
Ours is a despotism untempered—and the worst of all
despotisms—a mob despotism. The system has its
exact counterpart in the Cromwellian government
ot Ireland, but Ireland had no negroes.
Very respectfully, A. M. REILEY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Lynchburg, Virginia, March 26,1869.
Sir: Your recent speech in the Senate of the United
States, both from the novelty of your views and the
boldness with which they are expressed, has exeited
considerable interest and inquiry in this community.
We have only seen extracts, and I therefore take the
liberty of asking that you will send it to me entire,
and oblige, respectfully, _
J. B. NONILL.
Senator Sprague.
City of New York, Department of Finance,
Auditing Bureau, March "2^, 1869.
Dear Sir: In these days of official stupidity, and
in the midst of a mass of impracticable ideas and
theories with which our council chambers abound,
it is refreshing to see one green spot in the desert,
one practical idea advanced, as was done by your bill
introduced yesterday in the Senate.
We are notoriously facing to-day two great finan-
cial perils, one the artificial tight money markets of
Wall street, engineered by unscrupulous speculators;
the other a European panic that may come upon us
any day when we least expect it, and which with the
large amount of our Government bonds held abroad
would of necessity be fatal in its effects upon our
financial prosperity. To avert these I, over a year
>tgo, proposed to Secretary McCulloch the follow-
ing ohm : that a bill should be passed by Congress
to increase the powers of tho sub-Treasury, making
it in effect a limited bank with all its present ma-
chinery to work it, adding, however, a board ot
diicotion, to be composed of a certain number ot
presidents of national banks, to be elected by the
votes of members of the clearing-house associations,
giving them the power to receive deposits^also to
make loans of surplus moneys only upon Govern-
ment securities at not over eighty or ninety per
oi their par value, and in doing this to have lull
power to regulate the rate of interest tho same as
the Bank of England: also to retain in circulation
fiow one to two hundred million dollars oi the
pre-ent legal-tender notes for all time.
Without any wish tor notoriety or reward, 1 ad-
vance these tew ideas to you, simply hoping that
your practical mind may see m the future the time
when their adoption now may avert the perils that
overshadow us. i
lam, very rcspcctful.s^E0llGB ^ bradlEY.
lion. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Washington, D. C., March 2<, 38r>9.
My Dear Sir: Is it possible to have a leprint of
s oui* speooh on the tenurc-of-offiee law in the Lmted
Sti'os Senate on Thursday last? I concluded the
'"'hrmielc* did not want to do you justice, go 1 called
at the Globe office yesterday for a copy, and Mr.
Bailey told me they had not a single copy, and that
tho speech was in demand.
Now that a courageous man has broken theice,
uneducated and short-sighted " lawyers " may find
their level before the next (Forty-Second) Congress
meets. The wincing shows that the galled jadedoes
not like the harness.
It is exceedingly desirable by many that the Globe
be issued in the morning, giving all the news, local
and otherwise, and that the paper'be put to sub-
scribers by the month through the entire year, pay
in advance at cost, or not to exceed three cents per
copy. Please help us to get the paper at a lowrate.
Very respectfully, yours,
P.W. WHITCOMB.
P. S. I am an old man, born in Maine, and have
had sentiments similar to those in your speech a
long time. W.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Washington, D. C., March 27,1869.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate:
Presenting my respects in recalling old usages itw.ill
not be deemed improper of me, I trust, to ask a copy
of your recentspeechupon thecondition of thecoun-
try, if it has been prepared in pamphlet, esteeming
it, as I do, as full of force and striking truths, and as
probably the first step effective toward a revolution
in public policy and in social and moral principles,
inevitable within the next four years.
If you have an extra number for distribution, with
your frank, I could distribute a bundle to many who
look on in sorrow and would be cheered by them.
Very respectfully,
R. W. JOHNSON.
La §alle, Illinois, March 27,1869.
Dear Sir: I have just read with deep interest and
great pleasure a synopsis of your remarks in the Sen-
ate on the 24th instant, when the bill for the repeal
of the tenure-of-oHice law was under consideration.
The following sentences strike my mind with pecu-
liar force. You say "the affairs of Congress are mis-
managed bylawyers.'' True. "That Congress has not
restored harmony or prosperity to the country, and
that the people of the South are in a state of chronic
revolution;'' this is equally true. " That there is no
justice for the poor man, or protection for the rights
or liberties of the citizen in this boasted land of
freedom." True as Gospel. Bat gfeat, as is the mis-
management of our affairs in every department, the
greatest abuses are in our financial policy, which was
dictated and is controlled by tho bankers, and that
experience has always shown that dealers in money
knew little or nothing about tho relations of money
to other occupations and interests. These are burn-
ing words of truth: that our social condition is quite
as bad as our financial condition; that the pervading
demoralization is frightful. Would to God that our
pulpits had the moral couragc to utter this truth.
You say that you listened to the inaugural address
with intense interest until you heard# the passage
relating to the sacredness of the public debt, when
you turned away disheartened andsorrowful, because
it showed that the canker that possessed the body-
politic had got possession of the President also. Mil-
lions of American citizens upon reading that address
sympathized with you.
Now, Mr. Senator, permit me to tender to you my
most sincere thanks for these words of truth and
encouragement. They show that you clearly com-
prehend the true condition of the country and have
the courage to expose the wicked machinations ot
the demagogues who occupy the places that should
be filled by statesmen, and to warn the people ot tho ,
impending danger that threatens to whelm, them j
in ruin unless they speedily arouse from their pres- :
ent apathy. There was anumber of men in my ofhec
when I read the synopsis of yonv remarks. everyone
of whom was surprised and delighted. It was dim-
cult for them to believe that a man ot large wealth
and occupying a place in the United States Senate
could be found who would utter such sentiments.
I have devoted most of my time for the past seven
years to the investigation of the subject of the rights
of capital and labor, or the laws affecting the distri-
bution of property and the products of labor between
non-producing capital and labor. I sent you on
yesterday two copies of a pamphlet containing tho j
result ot my labors, for wliichlaskacarcfulreadmg. !
I had not the time or means to complete it on tbe ;
plan I had proposed, which would have extended it
to about seventy-two pages. I had not the oppor-
tunity of reading the proofanddiscoveranumberol
omissions, misprints, and typographical errors which
you must supply and correct as you read, ihe bill
which is designed to carry, into practical etlect the
monetary system proposed is not in all rcspectswhat
I desired. 'I would prefer a board of management
of the currency and revenue as contemplated by the
bill herewith inclosed, (indeed I think it would be
better to increase the number of the members oi the
board to eight besides the secretary,) but it was
thought it would make the bill too lengthy, and that
the change would be too great to meet with popular
favor. I am now fully satined that this objection
was not well founded, for I am convinced that the
people are prepared for a thorough chanee m our
whole financial policy, and that no half-way meas-
ure will meet with favor at their hands, lney icel
that the specic basis fallacy has in tne past anu
will in the future provea failure. They are likewise
convinced that our whole system of representation
has bocn fandamently wrong, and are heartily tirect
and disgustod with mere professional politicians anu
demagogues—second and third rate lawyers. 1.am
quite certain that in the future thoy will select their
legislator* from the great industrial, enterprising,
wealth-producing classes, who know the wants and
sympathize with the great industrial element of the
nation. While it might seem that a death-like apathy
had taken a firm hold upon the people, and from
which it was well nigh impossible to rouse them, I
nevertheless feel confident that they awaking to a
sense of their true condition. They are organizing
labor unions all over the country, among the farmers,
miners, mechanics, and others of the industrial
classes for political purposes; this has been going on
for over two years. Progress thus far has been slow
for the reason that the passions and prejudices of
the masses have been greatly excited by the war.
Besides, the money power with which we have to
contend has subsidized tbe press and debauched tho
church, but we are graining strengh and influence
every day. All that is needed to secure speedy and
complete success is for a few prominent men in our
national councils to fearlessly expose tho corrup-
tions and villianous practices in our national Legis-
lature, and a full and fair discussion before the
people.
Yours, very truly,
A. CAMPBELL.
P. S. I would be very glad to have a copy of your
speech in whatever form you have it printed. Should
you have it printed in pamphlet form, I would like
to get a few hundred for distribution, and will gladly
remit you their cost.
Hon. William Sprague.
Syracuse, New York, March 27,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be so kind as to send me acopy
in full of your late and valuable speech in the Sen-
ate? I have read only extracts from it, and they
please me so well that I wish to see the whole of it.
Yours, ka.t
GEORGE W. GRAY.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, March 27,1869.
My Dear Governor: I find upon my return from a
run through New England your esteemed favor of
the 23d instant. During my absence the provincial
journals which fell in mj way advised mo that you
had been explainingsrour bill, and also that you had
improved another opportunity to tell the extreme
party men men some wholesome truths. They were
only too true. And I am delighted to see jou have
the courage to take that great middle path which is
the only one to national prosperity and honor, and
which all must take who with to pieservc hereafter
the approbation of the people. _ .
Your financial plan is full ot good points. It is all
clear and all common sense. I heard a man say this
morning, in a little knot oi people talking over your
course in the Senate, that he had alwa3's been op-
posed to you, but to-day ho admired you inoro tnau
any man m Congress. But how can you expcct a
body of lawyers to give heed to you or your plan .
Their first and last thought is to prop up the Repub-
lican extremists and keep themselves in power. Look
at the discussion on the tenure-of-ofiico bill—all chaff.
Look at the vote—party, not country. And with the
state of public and private morals in the countrv,
what will become of our liberties and our credit
unless we apply a remedy and stop the evil ? o one
who views the situation correctly is satisfied. Every
wise man keeps his house in order, not knowing
whither we are tending nor what is to be the result.
ilaving put your gauntlets on, do not let up abit.
The Senate may laugh, but the people take it serio-us
enough, and nothing that has been spoken this win-
tex has caused so much interest and excited so mucn
comment. Acountiy journalremarked that Senators
might pooh-pooh your words, but the people would
take them to heart. TT ,T7,..r ,XT
In haste, yours, truly, JOITlS II. W\MA!N.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington.
Milwaukee, March 27,1869.
Dear Fir: I have perused with much pleasure your
recent remarks on two or three occasions in th« toeu-
ato on the perilous position ot the anairs ot the
country, and the evils that result to the business in-
terests in consequence of the monopoly the lawyers
have of the offices and most influential positions or
the country. May I ask of you the iavor to send me
copies of your several speeches at length it any have
been or shall be printed?
Believe me, sir, very respectfully, your obedient
,servant' J.A.X002TAK.
| Bon, Mr. Sprague, United States Senate.
i
: Gomxe.n Bridge, Virginia, March 27, 1869.
: Dear Sir: I have read with great satisfaction tho
j1 two speeches in the \ntelliecncer which you made
!i on the " tenure-oi-otkee bill." lam really glad to
'' know that ono man m the Republican ranks ^ioith
has felt some alarm lor tho imperiled liberties ot
■ the people. If you only knew how we ieel, who have
;i no liberties except wnat a vindictive enemy may
'i grudgingly dole out to us, > on would have a despair
which would not allow you to have tue heart to s>aj,
!' "God save the Republic.'' Wc were brave enough
,| to fight for our deare«t rights and our enemy is
! brave enough to trample on all our r^hts and di>-
; honor the Constitution of our fathers became it was
ill our souls to fight tor our rights, and bccau3o^thej
ti want to make as tat a pluudor joo out of usi. s po. si-
11 We are not so devoid ot understanding a?, not
' to know there will never be any peace faouth as long
i1 a« politicians ami bad men can make money by kcciJ-
!; ing up a ohromc disorder here. >. ovr, when v, ill this
] ttrifo cudV Xut nil the arced ends; and thio.wiiL
!l ond. tlie llarJc;t thius 1S 15
