756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
bebayoneted for opinion's sake; to have our enemies
com© down among us proclaiming their moral and
intellectual superiority and forcing upon an unwill-
ing people opinions, principles, and laws insulting
to our pride and the teachings of our fathers, and re-
pugnant to conscientious convictions. Add to this
the fact that the virtue and integrity and capacity
of our people has no suffrage, and that we are cheated
at th© elections, and you have but a faint picture of
our wrongs.
I hope you will gend me your speeches, public
documents, <fce., as we have no representation.
Yours, &o.t JOHN D. STERRETT.
Milwaukee, March 29,1869.
Dear Sir: It is a long time since I have read a
speech from those in position that seemed so put to
the purpose as that of yours delivered m the Senate
a few days since, and although a stranger I thank
you for it. It has got to be so that hardly anybody
but a lawyer gets elected to office, and if they were
lawyers in reality it would not be so bad. But men
get admitted to the bar, and no.matter how little law
they know, they are exalted above the heads of all
others. I do not feel myself slighted in this respect,
for generally speaking 1 am thought to be a lawyer,
but I do not practice m a case to be thought so and
take but little part in political matters. My only
object in writing this letter is to thank you lor your
spccch, and hope to be able to read more of the same
sort.
Very truly, yours, J". B.SMITH.
Senator Sprague.
St. Nicholas Hotel,
New York, March2d, 1869.
Hon. Senator Sprague:
Having observed with equal surprise and pleasure
the brief mention in the papers of your bill for rem-
edying our financial difficulties by loans, &c., and
your recent speeches in the Senate, Itake theliberty
of requesting a copy of your remarks and bill, which
I presume you have in print.
My former position as chairman of the Democratic
central committee of Kentucky led to a study of
financial questions and to the adoption of views
similar to those which must have influenced your
own mind as to the importance of an abundant sup-
ply of capital at low ratos of interest for the pro-
motion of industry.
By the advocacy of such measures for the relief
of the country you will direct the thoughts of many
in the proper course, and by a concerted effort sound
principles of political economy may be made influ-
ential at Washington hereafter.
Yours, very resoectfully,
J. R. BUCHANAN.
Newtown, Maryland, March 29,1869.
Dear Sir: You will confer a favor upon me by
sending me your two speeches of the 20th and 25th
instant on thcrepoal of the civil tenure-of-offiee bill.
Yours, respectfully,
b. J. FEDDEMAX
Hoa. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Chestebtown, Kent County, Maryland,
March 31. 1869.
If you have a spare copy of your remarks on the
tenure-of-office law, you will oblige me by giving me
a copy.
Very respectfully, yours, A. PERKINS.
Senator Sprague.
Washington. D. C., March 29,1869.
My Dear Sir: Permit me to most heartily congratu-
late you and to give you my warmest thanks ior the
bold, wise, and patriotic stand which you have taken
in the Senate.
The inclosed, cut from the Intelligencer of this
morning, though not, written by me, pretty well ex-
presses iny views as far as it goes.
The history of all countries bhow that when the
wealthy classes combine the result is that the rich
are made richer and the poor made poorer. This is
now going on in our country, in all sections of it, but
to a greater extent in my unhappy section, the South,
than in thcNorth. Imay own State,North Carolina,
so greatly impoverished by the war, the few who have
means have combined and arc gathering all property
into their own hands. I would to God this could be
averted. But our own helpless people have not the
means to protect themselves from the iron grasp of
avarice.
If a few, noble, and patriotic gentleman of the
North who have laigo means would lend us a help-
ing hand they could not only greatly relieve our
oppressed people, but make it profitable to thorn-
selves. Apian which would iwtonly beperfectivsale
and profitable to those lending such aid, but also
greatly to the reliei of our people uouid be leadily
deviscu.
It would afford mo great pleasure to propose a plan
if there was hope of it* being cauied out.
The South will in time be prosperous and power-
ful, and would ever prove her gratitude to any who
may aid her m this her hour of great need.
Very respectfully and truly, yours,
R. J. POWELL.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Portland, March 29,1869.
Dear Sir: Allow me the liberty to ask you to send
me one or more copies of your late speech in tha
Senate of the United States, and greatly oblige,
truly, yours,
J. II. HAMLEN.
Senator Sprague.
Hudson County Democrat Office.
Hoboken, N. J., March 80, 1869.
Dear Sir: I have read your speech on the repeal
of the tenure-of-officc act with much pleasure. Will
you do me the favor to send me a copy thereof in
pamphlet form?
Respectfully, yours, A. 0. E\ ANS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Pawtucket, Rhode Island, March 30,18G9.
Senator: The matter treated of in your late speech
on finance has been much thought of by me. I have
deeply deplored the want of foresight displayed by
ournational Legislature upon thissubjeet; its action
from time to time upon the tariff, and the action of
our State Legislatures, as well as of the Congress,
upon the matter of currency, tending always to the
inflation of the volume and the depression of the
value of the currency, until by the law of supply and
demand it inevitably gravitates to those countries
which, by an opposite policy, that of decreasing the
volume and enhancing the value of the currency,
invite its flow toward, them. This volume has now
become so great and its value so low that tariffs no
longer protect manufactures, and the necessity for
an increase of capital from time to time has in-
evitably increased the market value or interest upon
capital, until interest at this time absorbs so large a
share of the profits of labor that little or nothing is
left with which to cancel ournationalliabihties. If
money or currency were capital per se the policy
pursued would have had the effect which its project-
ors desired; but it being only the representative of
value, and not real capital at all, its increase, while
it adds nothing to the real capital of the country,
causes a flow of it to the lowest level, which level is
where thero is the least of it. Having flowed there ic
becomes the representative of greater value; or, in
other words, its representative power increases to
the standard of their own currency; and its new
owners then apply it to the work of drawing from
this country the real capital which it represents in
its new home instead of what it originally repre-
sented here. Thus we are impoverished. I can but
hail this speech of yours—only extracts of which I
have seen—as an evidence that one of our public
men comprehends the emergency; and whether the
wisdom of a majority of Congress will prove suffi-
cient, and their integrity and fidelity to the true in-
terest of the country prove equal to that wisdom is
with me a matter of great concern. Had the country
adhered from the first to the policy ot leaving the
currency and manufacturing to the regular opera-
tion of the law of demand and supply, we should at
this time have been able to compete with any coun-
try on earth in all departments of industry, on ac-
count oi our natural resources being greater than
those of any other country. A dollar in this country
represents the product ot eighty-four spindles, while
the same dollar in England repieaents the product
of two hundred and seventy-five spindles, while the
labor required to run those spindles, which is the
real cost, is actually less in this country than in Eng-
land. I cannot doubt that the intelligence of the
people will enable them ultimately to understand
this matter correctly, and sustain you in your efforts
to bring the Government back to the policy which
shall cause the currency to represent labor and its
product as its basis, instead of a value which does
not exist, and thus inaugurate a sound financial
system. >
You rightly deplore the practice of sending mere
lawyers and professional politicians instead of prac-
tical business men to Congress, As long as this is so
we must expect corrupt and unwise legislation.
When I commenced this letter I intended merely
to give you a word of encouragement, while asking
of you a copy of each of your several speeches m the
Senate since your first election to that body. I trust
the remarks which have flowed naturally from one
I who does not often intrude upon the time of public
j men will not be construed into meddlesome obtru-
j sivenes?. Should they havethe effect of in anymeas-
I urc encouraging and strengthening you in the course
I you have so nobly entered upon my object will have
■ been fully accomplished.
' Very respctfully, ALANSON FREEMAN.
Hon. William Sprague.
188 Church street,
New York, March 3p, 1869.
Dear Sir : "Will you please send me a copy of your
speech in the Senate last "Wednesday, and oblige,
yours, respectfully,
nENRY F. SMITH.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Freehold, N. J., March 30,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me a copy of your
speech recently delivered in the Senate, and oblige,
itc., respectfully, yours,
JOHN W. SWARTS.
Senator Sprague.
Baltimose, March 31, I860.
Hon. William Sprague:
At the risk of being thought obtrusive I cannot
resist thanking you for so ably expressing in yester-
day's and previous Senates, feelings and
so harmonious with my own. [t your contrcnc m
or out of the Senate have either the force or insight.
they certainly lack the moral courage to express it
as you haved one. That you have the sympathy of
tibe masses as well as the credit of having set them
thinking, I have every evidence.
With sentiments of respect, yours, truly,
DANIEL BEND ANN.
A copy of your remarks would greatly oblige.
Vassalboro\ Ivknnebec couirrv, Maine,
March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Extracts from your recent speech before
the United States Senate have appeared in some
of our local newspapers, tho reading of which has
led us to desire the perusal of the whole, shouldyou
feel disposed to favor us with copies of same.
Truly, yours,
H. P. WHITNEY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Columbia, Missouri, March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to send me
several copies of your interesting speech delivered
in the Senate a few days since on the subject of the
repeal of the civil tenure bill?
Your attention will oblige, most truly, your obe-
dient servant,
JAMES S, ROLLINS.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Norwich, New York, March 31,1869.
Sir: Please send me a copy of your recent speech
in the Senate, in which you tell some wholesome
truths about lawyers, and oblige yours, respectfully,
A. F. GLADDING-.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, 1). C.
Allentown, Pennsylvania,
March 31,18&9.
Dear Sir: Will you please favor me with a copy
of your speech in the United States Senate upon the
social, political, and financial condition of the coun-
try, when printed ?
Your most obedient servant,
LEVI SMOYER,
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. G.
Baltimore, March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me a copy of your speech or
speeches lately delivered on the currency and ten-
nre-of-otfice questions.
I trust you will not consider it impertinent in me,
one of the humblest citizens of this great, but party-
ridden and distracted country, to thank you from
the bottom of my heartfor your patriotic utterances.
Your noble and independent course cannot but be
regarded as the most significant political event of
these eventful times, and in its moral heroism and
grandeur dwarfs the so-called statesmanship of your
more selfish and less patriotic compeers. You have
achieved a greater triumph than he " that taketh a
city," for you have conquered yourself. You have
been bold enough to extricate yourself from the
thraldom of a party which wields more than impe-
rial power and patronage, and you can now stand
upon national and constitutional ground.
For God's sake, Mr. Sprague, hold fast to this im-
pregnable position. You may depend upon \t it is
the honest and just course, and the only one which
will save the Republic. It may happen that you
will experience martyidom. It may be that you will
be sacrificed upon the altar of infuriate and unpa-
triotic party hate; but is this not far preferable to
the unsatisiactory reward of party fealty coupled
with national ruin? Will you sacrifice a clear con-
science and posthumous blessings to the bubble rep-
utation of the hour?
Your references to history prove that you are
deeply concerned about passing events, and that you
are not willing to ignore the teachings and warnings
of the past and the solemn logic ot history. Is it not
too true that history is daily and hourly repeating
itself in some of its most deplorable and saddening
phases, and this, too, in the facc of almost universal
ignorance and indifference as to tbe inevitable con-
sequences?
The American people complacently believe that
they have attained the acme of enlightened and
Christian civilization. Alas! does history chronicle
gre iter barbarities or more unparalleled degeneracy,
private and public, than have been in this, our day,
perpetrated m the name of this groat delusion? The
b^st and purest public men of the country arc ostra-
cised because their consciences cannot be made sub-
servient to unhallowed and venal purposes and
power. And while monopoly rampantlyrevels in
luxury arid vice, toiling millions pay the bills. How
long such a state of things can last and the righto and
liberties of the people be preserved is a problem
which only tho honest reading of history can de-
tennine.
It is evident, Mr. Sprajrue, that you fully appre-
ciate the magnitude and solemnity of our national
difticulties, and I confess that your personal expe-
nences and surroundings give me strong faith that
you are earnest and patriotic in your present posi-
tion. You have enjoyed to the full the wealth and
the honors of this world. In this direction jour am-
bition iriir-t be satiated, and you doubtless feel like
gmnsr the remainder of your life, your abilities, and
your mduonce to youi country. An undivided heart
and he nl given to this noble work will inaugurate a
movement which will not only tend to restore na-
tional prosperity and justice, and especially to that
! wronged and heroic people of your own blood in tho
South, but will place your &aiue high up among those
