1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
Lexington, Kentucky, March 22,1S69.
Dear Sir: If you have any printed copy of your
spcech, extracts of which are published in the Na-
tional Intelligencer of the 18th, please send it to me.
It is that of a surgeon operating for a terrible ulcer,
operating with skill and science combined.
Very respectfully, yours, &c..
LESLIE COOMBS.
Senator Sprague.
Brooklyn, TSkw York March 31, 1868.
Sir: "Will you favor me with a copy of your late
? peech in the Senate, as also with copies of any docu-
ments in which in the future you may be prominent?
Admiration for you as a representative man in
this country prompts this request.
Very respectfully, FRANK C. ALGER.
Ifon. William Sprague, Washington, J). C.
Phillipsbueg, New Jeesey, March 31,1869.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate :
Please do me the kindness to send me a pamphlet
copy of your late speech in the Senate, and oblige,
yours, truly,
THADDEUS G. RICE.
wllliamsport, pennsylvania,
March 31,1869.
Dear Sir: Have noticed with pleasure the recent
able addresses made by you. Persevere in your
course, and future generations will rise up and call
you blessed.
Could you furnish me with a copy of the one I
understand you are publishing in pamphlet form?
I am, most respectfully, yours, truly,
O. H. REIGHARD.
Hon. William Sprague, Wanhington, D. C.
Boston, March 29,1869.
Sir: Will Mr. Sumner do me the honor to mail a
copy or copies of Senator Sprague's recent speeches
in the Senate, when in print?
1 have ttie honor, &c., very respectfully,
CHARLES 0. EATON.
Hon. Charles Sumner.
United States Senate, Washington, D. C\
Wickford, Rhode Islaxd, March 29,1869.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate:
I have just completed the reading of your second
speech in the United States Senate on the bill to re-
peal the act regulating the tenure of civil office. I
read also with much satisfaction your speech of the
week previous on the same bill, in both of which the
metal has the right ring. The statements, so truthful
and momentous, are worthy to be coined into house-
hold words. I honor you for every sentence, and for
the boldness with which you were enabled to pour
them forth in the face of the United States Senate,
mnny of whose members, it is to be regretted, have
never yet conceived a practical idea of the great
principles of republican government. God speed you
ui the further endeavorto prosecutetheworkso well
and fearlessly begun.
This is the first time in my life that I ever attempted
the recognition or indorsement of a public speech;
but there is so much in yours 9! such vital interest
to the American people (leaving out lawyers and
politicians) that I cannot withhold ray hearty in-
dorsement. ItmaybeofbutthesKghtcstconsequence,
coming, as it does, from a humble farmer, but, nev-
ertheless, one of the American people and your fel-
l0W-CitiZen" _ A. B. ClIADSEY.
Washington, D.C., Maic& 29,1869.
Sir: If the two speeches made by you in the Senate
mi the repeal of the tenure-of-oftice act are printed
I would respectfully ask that a copy of each be sent me.
Very respectfully, LEOPOLD EVEKT.
lion. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Petersburg, Virginia, Marches, 1869.
Sir- I write to beg of you a copy, if published, of
a speech recently delivered by you m the Senate
upon the repeal of the tenure-of-omce law. It has
excited much favorable comment from our press,
and I trust it may not be too much for me to ask this
kindness of you. . . , , T
Hoping that the views presented 111 the extracts 1
have seen may soon prevail in the body 01 which
you are a distinguished member, I am,your obedient
Stmint' THOMAS K. JOYNES.
lion. Mr. Sprague, United States Senator.
New* York, March 27,1869.
Mv Bear Sir: Having read your recent able speech
in the Senate, and impressed with the force and the
power and the truth expressed therein and the inde-
pendence with which they are uttered, I take tbo
liberty of writing vou, congratulating you upon it.
I mclose herewith a production of mine, which em-
bodies somewhat himilar views, though expressed m a
different iorm. I regret that I have not a more pre-
.•«.'nt.ible copy, but the accompanying is the best that
1 enn yet present it in. T „ mrrrT
With great regard, yours, J.i'j.
Hon. William Sprague,
Unitfd State* Senate, n-iftlungton, u.
Macon, Georgia, March 27,1869.
Dear "Sir: I have seen several extracts from your
specch recently delivered in the Senate. Reading
of those extracts has given me a great desire to read
the whole speech. Will you do me the favor to send
it to me? I have one other favor to ask of you. If '
you (Congress) should reconstruct us again, please
give us a kind master as possible. I would prefer
General Meade myself. At any rate, send us an old
Army officer, rather than one of our home loyalists.
I trust you may not deem me impertinent in making
the foregoing requests. The latter one, I assure you,
is the general wish of the masses in this State. We
care very little about politics, reconstruction, &c.;
all we'wish is to be allowed to follow our business,
and to be secure in the fruits of our industry. Please
send me the speech, and any other documents you
think proper for a rebel to read. The word rebel is
used in the northern sense.
Yours, very respectfully, T. J. SIMMONS.
Senator Sprague.
Sharon, Connecticut, March 27,1869.
Honored Sir: I have read an extract from your
speech in the Senate of the United States, March 24
instant, on the tenure-of-office bill, and it accords so
well with my own views and feelings that I will
thank you if you will send me on© or more of the
same speech pub] ished in full, which will much oblige
your obedient servant,
CHARLES SEARS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Washington City, March 26,1869.
Dear Sir: In your late speeches and efforts for the
good of the Government you have the sympathy of
as many as have listened to you or have read your
speeches. I believe I know of more than a million
dollars due the Government by persons who have
been in the military and civil service, and yet these
persons though wealthy are not made to settle. The
corruption that has existed in the last ten years, and
particularly in the last four years, in high places in
the Government is unparalleled. A great deal of
good can be done by bringing these things to light,
and the Government can save and make money by
compelling the delinquents to refund. I believe I
could assist a good deal, and I would gladly do so. A
letter as below would reach me.
Respectfully, &c., H. M. NEWELL.
Senator Sprague.
New York, March 28,1869.
Please send mc, if convenient, a copy of your two
speeches which are attracting so much attention.
The newspaper summary, though comparatively full,
is still unsatisfactory. I shall feel obliged.
Yours, respectfully, J. W. O'BRIEIn.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator.
60 Wall street, New York,
March 26, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to send me a
copy of the speech you delivered in the Senate on
Wednesday, the 24th instant, andoblige.respectfully,
W. S. FIELDING.
Hon. William Sprague.
March 26.
Dear Governor: I support your ideas in a leader
ot this morning which I inclose. One of our other
editois makes commentalso on Mr. Sprague_by some
envious freak of presidential unearthing Never be
astonished at any of the vagaries of the Herald.
You must take it good, bad, and indifferent, believ-
ing that it all helps to create glory. I wrote you from
Providence on Sunday last.
Yours, CHURCH.
Washington, March 26,1869.
Hon. William Sprague:
As I have for more than twenty years thought all
I knew how to think on the financial problem, you
will allow me to suggest that any legislation which
tends to change our present system back to specie
basis and payments will be exceedingly unwise;
that the present system has proved itself the best we
have ever had. . , _ .
2. Thatit would be in bad faith to withdraw from
any part of the country any investments already
made and locate the same in any other pait of the
country. Those bonds were not purchased with any ;
limit or restriction, and their withdrawal would be ;
^ 3 The issuti and stile of 050.000,000 in bonds for
the benefit of the South and West, or double that
amount, nurehaseable in greenbacks, the bonds
drawing three per cent., would retire that amount.
The issue of the notes would fill the vacuum, the
notes in circulation would equalize themselves, and
110 inconvenience would be felt. At the end of the
next year another $100,000,000 could be issued, and
so on until all the greenbacks are retired.
This would be better for the commerce of the
country and save the per cent, on gold.
Thus it seemeth to one in humble lne.
Respectfully. JOTIX B. 1VOL1T.
PIN'K Plains, NKH* YORK, Mm-eh 25,13G-J.
Dear Sir: Can you oblige by sending a couj.le
copies of your speech delivered on the 24th instant.
The brief report of it in congressional proceedings
published in the Tribune of next day happening to
meet my eye and that of a friend straek us as being
po original, in public expression at least, and so called
for, that we desire to possess full copies. lrou "Will
confer quite a favor by compliance.
Wishing you long life, usefulness, and happiness,
very truly, &c.,
HENRY ALTMAN.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington, D. C.
Cbarlottf,, N. C„ March 26,1869.
Dear Sir: I see from the Chronicle that you have
lately made twospeecheson thetenure-of-offico bill,
and being much struck with the boldnessand origin-
ality of your views as eminently suited to the wants
of the times I would be glad if you could send me
copies.
If you have time, and feel any interest in the prog-
ress of public opinion hero in the South, I trust you
"will glance over the inclosed letter of mine, and you
will see, if I comprehended you rightly, that our
views run somewhat in the same direction. As a
citizen, a parent, and a Christian, I feel deep con-
cern at the general demoralization of the country,
and I heartily rejoice when those in high places have
the candor and courage to speak words of sobcrne3b
and truth.
Truly, yours, &c., RUFUS BAIIRINGER.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, I). C.
UrrisR Marlboro', Md., March 25,1869.
My Dear Sir: I would be greatly obliged if 3'ou
would send me a pamphlet copy of your late speech
in the United States Senate. I have read only ex-
tracts from itinthe National Intelligencer, and have
been so forcibly struck with its characteristic qual-
ities as to beg that you will favor mc with the entire
speech.
I agree with you thoroughly in your viewsin regard
to the critical and dangerous point at which wo are
about to arrive, if not already reachcd, in the finan-
cial and industrial condition of the country, and
still more thoroughly in your independent and pa-
triotic course in speaking plainly to the powers
that be" that supercilious arrogance over popular
rights cannot long be maintained in a free country.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, THOMAS F. BOWIE.
Senator Sprague.
Room 10, No. 119 Broadway, New York,
March 25, 1869.
Dear Sir: I have been so well pleased with the
meager reports of your late speeches on the condition
of the country and the civil-tenure-office bill that no
apology is made in asking you to frank me copies of
them for examination and preservation.
Respectfully, yours, ^
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Baltimore, March 25,1809.
Honorable Sir: Having read in the San of to-day
a sketch of your speech in the Senate yesterday, and
it having awoke within mc all the solicitude for my
country a humble mechanic is supposed to possess,
because it contained plain facts and truths which it
is our rare Jot to hear fall from representatives,
and although differing with you in polities, I must
confess such truths as are contained in your speech
make me stop and think. You will pardon me for
the presumption of addressing you, but my desire to
procure a copy of same, that I may calmly peruse and
be benefited by same, U the only excuse I have tor
addressing you; theiefore, if possible, I would re-
i speotfully ask you to furnish me with a copy oi same.
1 Hoping my request will meet with your favorable
j consideration, 1 am. in all sincerity, youis, most
! respectfully, ^ ^
i Senator Sprague.
P. S. I make the request supposing the speech to
have been printed. L. A. J.
Mount Airy, Philadelphia, M^irqli 25,1869.
Dear Sir: Your speech in the Senate the other dav
I rend with pleasure. I wish all Senators would .'-peak
and act as you do.
What is wanted to restore harmony is araoro per-
fect union between the cotton spinners and the cot-
ton growers, between the cotton gin and the cotton
,e\Yhen I was in Washington I exerted. myself to
: get up an association which I named ' Ihe Linton
: Cotton Supply Company." I wished to unite in it
i all the cotton growers and all the cotton spinners.
! but I did not succeed. I think, however, it nw be
i the foundation of the Union League, which ha:?
! become apartisan political band.
1 The intelligent business men ot the c-uuth pftouia
i unite with the intelligent businessmen of the North,
' and then there would bo peace. The capital or nioncj
! of the State should be employed in exerting or pro-
i ducing instead, as now, in speculating, upon tnat
which is already produced.
, should be increased instead of ratherfcb an diminish ..
, If it be diminished widespread rum will overehadow
th£ hn've heard my father relate wliat widespread
ruin like a hurricane passed over the country in 1/89
when all State paper money „ '1
claaso in the Constitution, nothing but gold and
1 gUver aWal tender by the States. All paper money
i> was at once put out of circulation, anil property fold
  by the sheriff for a tiifle of it« former value.
