760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Gradually &ud slowly the United States Bank be-
fan to circulate papermoney andrestoreconfidence.
myself witnessed the destruction of that bank in
1812. I was in Boston then. Gilbert I. Dean, the
great broker of that day, failed—the merchants failed,
the builders failed. &e.
In 1817 I was in Philadelphia. The banks did not
pay specie. Silver was at a premium of twenty-two
pei cent. Business was good, the people were pros-
perous, and (he laborers fully employed. TheLegis-
laturu passed a law obliging the banks to resume
specie payments. They withdrew their papercircu-
lating medium, and did return to specie.
In 1810 there was great distress and failure among
the nurchants. John Stoddart, a large dealer in
real estate, failed. "William B. Slaughter, a large
importer of dry goods, and others I could name, all
laiied, owing to thederangement of the currency by
the Government. In 1837 I was in active business
in Philadelphia, and witnessed and felt the destruc-
tion of the second Bank of the United States. The
State stocks of Pennsylvania were at 113 for 100;
they fell to 40. All business was prostrated; laborers
were seeking employment at seventy-five cents a
day, and two thirds of the workmen were without
work
In 1857 I was in "Washington, writing essays in
favor of a railroad to the Pacific. You were then in
active business, and know more about the breakage
and the cause of it than I do. I calculate another
great ruin will come upon the country about the
years 1873 and 1874 unless the wisdom of Congress
prevent.
Respectfully,
CHARLES FREDERICK FLETCHER.
Hon. Slenator Sprague.
Lewistown, Pa., March 20,1869.
Dear Sir: A speech which you delivered in the
United States Senate Friday last has created some
sensation in political codes, and seeing extracts
alone is not entirely satisfactory. Will you favor me
with a copy of the speech, and oblige, yours respect-
fully, &c.3
H. FRYSINGER.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, March 25,1869.
Dear Sir: I cannot refrain from expressing my
thanks tor your courageous aud sagacious speech
upon the incapable and unworthy character of mem-
bers of Congress. It is to be hoped you will continue
to expose the hypocritical and shallow claiou of poli-
ticians, and show the utter materialism of the ruling
classes of the people of the United States—their ab-
sorption in selfish and immoral schemes. Notwith-
standing their ioud claims for patriotism and reli-
gion, that with the full blaze of the civilization of
the nineteenth eentuiy to instruct and guide the peo-
ple, theie never was a people among whom the pa-
rental, marital, and moral obligations had so slight
a control; where commercial honesty, veracityi and
a regard lor the sanctity of an oath are so little
regarded,every few years bringing its mercantile and
financial revolutions, with cohorts of bankrupts,
real or pretended, followed with national bankiupt
acts and commissioners to furnish means to the dis-
honest to defraud, and then glory in their shame. It
is not an uncommon event foi parties to obtain large
credit* upon the boasted profits of a fraudulent
bankruptcy; and the class who seemed to have the
greatest influence in public and social affairs, whose
names are always paraded in the newspapers as
patrons and supporters of so-called public and parri- ji
otic meetings, who dme and toast tne distinguished ;l
stranger or "galonous" general, &c., are the ones ji
whose aims have been deepest in the public purse, ,j
making mcicbandise of their principles. |!
The solid and uniform indorsement of every parti- h
sanact; the utter wantof independence or manliness u
among thosewhoby wealth and education areraised j
above the more sordid motives; the bad faith and |
despotism exercised toward the South since the close ji
ofthewar; their haughty treatment of inferiors with [I
whom they come in contact, and vet blatant advo- jj
cates of equality and univeisalsuffragein the South. ;i
I thank you again for your .-harp criticism of Grant's II
gold debt obligation. Ir is much to your honor, and ij
men will recognize it. that with your large wealth I;
and doubtless large Government bond investment, |j
you have risen superior to your selfish interest, and [i
spoken out one good strong word for the poor over- ij
taxed millions who have no bonds nor money beyond !i
their daily earnings. It is a matter of pride to mo i;
that you point out and detect whatlhaveremarked, ji
that the legislation of the country, that is, the dom- !'
inant party, is confined to conserving the interest of "
the bondholders or moneyed class; that, availing
themselves of the popularity the war gave them, they
have carried the election, and now control the posi-
tion; and forgetting the masses whose votes they
begged, now turn, with hat in hand, to Wall sheet,
and ask rhe Dives of that precinct, " What is your
pleasure.'"
Rest assured, all the projects for a return to specie
payments or to harden into gold the paper obliga-
tions ot the Government will return upon the pate
ot rhe party advocating it. The commercial, manu-
lacturing, and agricultural iuterests of the country
to-day arc but staggering along under its burdens
and precarious interest. Anything that proposes to
shrink flint property, real or personal, will involve
th<- whole land in distress, and arouse a feeling of
retaliation against the capitalist that mav reach
eveu to the title to hi? houses and lands. The law-
less euc«o;.chiiienfs upon the constitutional rights of
the executive and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment are reaching down u> the people. We see
it id the freyuency of murders and high crimes, the
disregard of law, the absorption of property and
common rights by large corporations: all point un-
mistakably to anarchy without God in His providence
controls the hearts of men to peaceful measures.
The shallow men you refer to think all is serene
while they can make merchandise of principles, but
they will all yet learn that this people cannot go
through a war such as the recent one has been with-
out demoralization and poverty—that we are poorer
than we were. One or two millions of producers
cannot b« made consumers and destroyers without
its results.
Knowing from general reputation your position as
a Republican Senator with strong party associations,
I was the more surprised at your independence and
unselfish spirit, and believing you are among the
few who discern the signs of the times, I, without
apology, congratulate you, and would add my slight
encouragement to urge you to greater effoits. The
worship of mammon is such a controlling spirit that
few feel that they can afford the sacrifice. I am glad
to think you are one that can afford it, and have the
pluck to do it.
As a stranger, and to avoidmisconception. I would
state that my birth, home, interest, and all I possess,
are located in the North; and askingno favors beyond
the common one of an independent judgment I have
written the within with some slight hope it would
encourage you to persevere in your manly course.
Very respectfully, JAMES HOPKINS.
Hon. William Spiaguc.
No. 48 Dey street, New York,
March 25, 1869.
Dear Sir: Although a stranger to you personally,
I cannot refrain from thanking you for the manner
in which you have lately exposed the facts in regard
to the legislative incapacity of our times, and the
consequent retrograde movement of the great social
and industrial interests of this country.
The laughter of some Senators may be echoed by
the gallenes, (it is "the wincing of the galled jade,")
but the facts you state, as reported m the sketch of
your remarks, in the Senate yesterday, and on a pre-
vious occasion, cannot be successfully controverted:
and I hear on all sides sentiments of warm approval
ot your plain and independent manner of presenting
them. For one, I trust you will not be deterred by
sneers or affected ridicule from maintaining your
position ; and further, that you will carry the war into
the very heart of the dominion w here the e\ il reigns.
You have struck a ehoid the vibration of which will
be responded to m the sentiments of all who desire
to see the country governed on those lofty principles
which promote the virtue and excite the pride of its
people and the admiration of mankind.
Without any apoiogy for thus intruding this hasty
card of thanks upon you, I am, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
CHARLES HOPKINS.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington* D. C.
Cleveland, Ohio, March 25,1869.
Dear Sir: Your speech of yesterday has comfoited
thousands. It is the first Republicansentimentthat
has come from the United States Senate for a long
time.
I have always voted the "Republican" so-called
ticket since 1 was twenty-one, (I am now twenty-
eight.) and I am convinced that I have been de-
ceived in the main,and that I have been voting against
the "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness"
of the mass of our people: I have been helping to
deprive them of a large portion of the fruits <%f their
labor. A fair statementof the policy of the "Repub-
lican " Congress clique—for it is nothing more nor less
than an immensely successful clique or ring—has
made me repent of my support of the party; but not
to embrace the so-called Democratic party, or any
other party. And I have made many think as Inow
do; and I am perfectly sure that by a fair state-
ment of the operation of the " public debt," of the
" tariff," of the partiality of Congress in repudiating
one class of public debts to more thoroughly secure
another class in pamphlet form, laid post-paid be-
fore every citizen of the United States, with a sug-
gestion for a new party, would change the minds of
four fifths of all who read it, except the immensely
wealthy holders of securities, so that "it w#uld be
impossible for the present " previous question mon-
archy " to again take their seats in any oilice in the
gift of the people.
Ii would not cost $28,000 to do this; and what a
God-send it would he to the people of this country I
I was one of the stubborn est party supporters. I had
never read more than one side of any question for
years. Nine tenths of the people can be undeceived
more easily than I was. Three cheers for Senator
Sprague! Do it again.
Yours, respectfully; _ F. A. STUMM,
Operator Western Union Telegraph Company.
Senator Sprague,
Boston", March 25, 1869.
Senator Sprague, Washington, 1). C.:
We are pleased to see that you arestirringup a set
of fossil Liwyeisthat are loafing around the Senate.
Continue to punch them until you get a few grains
of common sense into their heads. We are active
Republicans, but feel that the Senate is not accu-
rately representing the common sense of the country.
Go ahead!
Yours, Arc., F. G. WILLMONT.
Cuntlnem'al Hotel,
Philadklphja, March 25, i860.
Sir: Accident favored me in permitting my pres-
ence in the gallery of the Senate at the time you had
occasion to refer to the numerical preponderance ot
the members of the legal profession in both Houses
of the United States Congress. This morning I pe-
rused with much interest yourspeech of yesterday,in
which you reassert the leading points of your former
argument, and, at the risk of trespassing too far upon
your valuable time, I venture to offer my brief felici-
tations upon your happy selection ot the weakc.it
point to which our present system of government is
open to attack.
I cannot but believe that any expression of sym-
pathy and good will toward your efforts to amelior-
ate the evils which afflict the existing condition of
political affairs may not be altogether without regard
as indicating the existence of a knowledge of the
dangers which environ us as a people, and an earnest
desire to see them avoided or tided over, if possible.
Hoping that you willperseverein the path youhave
chosen, and remember that the immediatereward of
all social reformers has been that awarded to Aris-
tides, "the just," and that if you fail of apprecia-
tion at the moment you have reason to expect at
least the sincere e3teem of posterity and the bless-
ings of future generations, I have the honor to sub-
scribe myself, with high respect,
ALBERT WARREN KELSEY,
of Belmont, Massachusetts.
Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
New London, Connecticut, March 25.1869.
Dear Sir: Will you oblige me with a fuller report
of your admirable remarks ot yesterday than the
daily papers furnish ?
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. W. BENTLBY.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States /Senate, Washington, D. C.
Philadelphia, March 25,1869.
Dear Sir: I have been so much pleased with what
I have seen of your speech delivered yesterday that
I would be grateful tor a more extended account
of it.
Very respectfully, CHARLES D. BIRD.
Senator Sprague.
34 Wall street, New York, Marsh 25,1869.
My Dear Sir: Though a stranger to you, permit
me to thank you for the sentiments expressedin your
speech yesterday in the Spoate. The narrow views
of public questions taken by so many of those occu-
pying high positions has long been a curse to our
country. Men who have never traveled out of rho
narrow rut of their profession cannot be expected to
embrace in the scope of their vision the needs and
lequirements of the many-formed industries of a
great people.
With sincere respect, believe me, very trulv. yours,
G. WRIGHT60N.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, J). O.
Chicago, March 25,1S69.
Dear Sir: I would be most happy to receive your
autograph for my collection. By filling out the
inclosed card and returning you will greatly oblige,
yours, very truly, • D RM_ n -pREST0N.
Senator Sprague, Washington, J). O.
City of Boston, March 24,1S69.
Hon. Senator Sprague, of Rhode Island :
Permit me to ask your kindness to provide me a
copy of your noble speech in relation to the war and
dictatorial power, &e„ of the Senate, as published in
the Globe. The speech is praised by your lilends
here as the true ring.
Your aged friend, WILLIAM EMMONS.
Hoffman House, New York, March 24,1869.
Dear Sir: Allow me to testify to ihe pleasure ex-
perienced upon reading some of your late speeches
and remarks in the United States Senate. The day
will come when you can refer to them as prophecies.
The people of this countrv have, indeed, but, little
to do with its government. The selfish aims and
ambitions of the majoniy of those elected to icpre-
senttho people, coupled with arrogance and pnde,
culminate in a state of affairs disgraceful to the Gov-
ernment and disgusting to those who are not too
blind to see. Youmust notnowsubside. Youicouiso
is onward.
Yours, &c., G. T. McCORMICK.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Washington, March 24,1869.
Dear Sir: Allow me respectfully and sincerely to
congratulate you for your independent and cogent
speeches—so much more candid and truthful than
too many made in the Seriate. To me your speeches
have the ring of the true patriot and the icai states-
man—of the self-respecting, genuine Amerh an : . nd
1, as an bumble citizen, tlnmk you for your utter-
ances in regard to the overreaching tendency of the
Senate, of the National Legislature, to u*urp the
prerogatives of othei and coordinate brandies of
the Government. I have noticed with ahum ami
marked with indignation this tendency lo>- moro
k than two years past, and have been fotcib!,\ re-
minded of Jefferson's prediction smd h'aiv, when, In
hi  celebrated resolutions ot 3798, he wrote, in cau-
tion, against "sweeping away ooi'stitutional bar-
riers,"' &e., "when no rampart would icmain against
the qnibition, nations, and power of Congre-^ to
protect either tuo minority of that bodj or of State
