1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
when one so high in thecouncils of the nation asyou
are dares to speak of the corruption which is enter-
ing our whole governmental system, I thank God and
take courage. It' yon have a spare copy please send
me owe, and much oblige your obedient servant,
B. F. WATSON.
Hon. "William Sprague.
Bright Helmstone, Md., April 3,1869.
Senator Sprague, of Rhode Island :
My father has just asked me to write to one of his
friends lor a copy of your speech. I have independ-
ently concluded to write to you. If you are right it
is just for you to know that public sentiment is with
you. That the American people have very little to
do with the selection of their rulers is not generally
known; but that we are more reckless in the ex-
penditure of money than a monarchy dare be is,
perhaps, better known than we care to confess.
Louis Napoleon has himself lately felfc that the
French are not sleeping, You may never be re-
warded. Republics are ungrateful. We need not
study hitsory to prove, that. Chase, by his finan-
cial policy, and Seward, by his diplomacy, did more
for America than all of the soldiers. With weaith
and position you can well afford to be our torch-
bearer. Erasmus adopted as his motto " kindle the
light, and the darkness will disperse of itself," I
hope you do not think it wrong for ladies to read and
discuss national topics. X must beg to be independ-
ent of those sentiments. Helpless, complaining girls
may be very interesting, but they will grow to be
weak, silly women. Barry Grey sought his wife be-
cause he had " a soul above buttons," and then it
was so inconvenient to carry a taiior everywhere.
I read because I have so much spare time. It is
inconvenient to play with one's fingers. I have not
a soul above domestic duties; but one cannot sew
and make puddings all of the time. I thank you for
your sincerity. Rochefoucauld said, "Weak persons
cannot be sincere."
With respect, KATE A. BLACKISTOX.
Washington, April 3,1869.
Sir: I will be greatly obliged to you for copies of
your speeches sent to my address, Post Office box 326,
New York.  
Yours, respectfully, JAjMES A. BRIGGS.
Hon. William Sprague, Senate.
New Yore, April 4,1869.
Bear Sir: If you are correctly reported as being
willing to furnish copies of your speecheson national
finance, I would respectfully request a copy of each.
Your proposal " to place within the reach of every
man of energy and industry capital at a low rate of
interest upon which he can labor and make profit"—
in other words to make money plenty and cheap-
coming from the Senate, strikes us like a flame of
light bursting forth trom Egyptian darkness. The
Senate of the United States is believed to be the
most intelligent legislative body on the face of the
earth, and yet its ignorance on the subject of finance
is more dense than the densest Egyptian darkness we
read of of old. The torch which yuu have lighted and
hold foith with patrioticboldness, if not immediately
smothered with the wet blankets olt ignorance and
prejudice, will spread with lightning speed until it
dispels the cloud of darkness which tias settled upon
our land. I look upon your movement as tho dawn-
ing of a new era, a most glorious eia. The rebellion
treed the black man from tho slavery of his master;
but your movement, if •successful, will free both the
black and the white man from the slavery ot the
moneyed power. The timeis propitious, lou have
raised the standard, and u\\ the well wishes of man
as man will rally around it. The prayers of all good
men will be with you, and the blessing of Heaven
will crown your effort with success.
Most respectfully, your obedient ser^nt,
PLIInY I REiiiMAiN.
Hon. William Sprague.
Baltimore, April 4,1869.
Will Senator Sprague have the kindness to inclose
a copy of his late speech to ^ & HIPSLEY.
Jersey City, N. J., April 4, 1809.
Dcir Sir- Being in sympathy with tho stand you
have taken, as reported imperfectly ill our dailies,!
should deem it a favor by your furnishing me with
your different speeches in the Senate on various
topics concerning our national prosperity. Corrup-
lion want? exposing, and true principles ol govern
mcnt require diffusing through the peoplo in these
times of conflicting interest; and it cannot bo better
performed than by collecting the trutns of persons
who have given their time to investigatwn.
X am. your obedient "rvant^^ ^ q^ll0_
Hun. William Sprague. ^
\pn- YoEK INSTITUTION* FOR THE BlIXD,
New Yokk, April 4, ISou.
Dear Sir: Will vou please send me several copies
of vour speech delivered several weeks since upon
the finances of tho country? I heartily approve the
sentiment'therein expressed.
Very respectfully, y°«^TI!pnEN BABCOCK.
Hon. William Sprague.
Washington, Avril 4, ISG.l
Sir* Will you be good enough to cause to bo sent
mo one or two copies of your recent speeches on tho
beyond the circleof personal friends, and have waited
condition of the country, and oblige, yours, with great
respect,
Ii. J. BRYAN,
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Washington, D. C., April 5,1869.
Pear Sir: I would tbank you for a few copies of
your late speeches. I have read them with interest
and profit. Any proposition to give to enterprise
capital at low rates of interest, and thus annihilate
the ten per cent, a month vampyres that are now
sucking the very life-blood of trade, will be read with
interest.
Most truly, A. R. QUANTRILLE.
Governor Sprague.
Washington, D. C., April 5,1869.
Sir: lam in receipt of a letter from a friend in
Cincinnati requesting me to send him a copy of your
recent speeches, and would thank you to forward a
few copies to my address.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. J. DERMODY.
Hon. William Sprague, Vailed States Senate.
Sunbury, Pa., April 5.1869.
Sir; Will youbeso kind as to sendme a few copies
of your able speech on the financial condition of the
country?
Thanking you for the position you have taken in
favor of the producing classes, I remain, fraternally
yours,
J. C. SYLVIS.
Senator Sprague.
W ashington, D. C., April 5,1S69.
As a young man I have been much interested in
the eftort you have made to stay the tide of cor-
ruption, licentiousness, and official dishonesty that
seems to be rife ill the land, and is threatening our
destruction as a nation and a people. The extracts
to be found in the newspapers are very meagre and
unsatisfactory, and if it is convenient you will oblige
me by sending to my address one or more copies of
the entire speech. You may be assured that your
honesty and boldness in denouncing official cor-
ruption is appreciated by Young America every-
" Verry respectfully, _ F. E. WEST.
Hon. "William Sprague, United States Senator.
Baltimore, Md., April h, 18B9.
Sir: Will you be so kind as to send me a copy of
vour late speeeh in full ?
Yours, respectfully, JEROME BUSK,
Hon. William Sprague, Washington City, D. G.
Palmyka Station', Pennsylvania,
April 5.1869.
Sir: Will you have the kindness to favor me with
copies of your late speeches in the Senate upon the
general financial condition of tho country, and
greatly oblige an humble citizen who is anxious to
know the truth?
Respectfully, yours, J. B. DA\ Ely PORT.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, tt'axhiiiglon, I). 6.
Astoria, Long Island, New York,
April 5,1889.
Rcspected Sir: In behalf of the cause of labor
reform I most respectfully apply to yon for copies of
your last speeches deploring the monopolization of
legislation by lawyers, and lamenting the present
moral condition of tho community. .
Workingmen do not claim to bo better than their
neighbors naturally, but respectfully submit tho hope
that th eir labor has protected them from those' mean-
est viccs" which disfigure the census and are the cul-
minating disgrace of the age. As regards lawyers,
tlicy do not forget that when the House of Commons
was first instituted in Great Britain members of tho
bench and bar were by law excluded from admission
therein as representatives of tho peoplo.
Grateful lor the words you have spoken, and thank-
ful that vou are in a position commanding the atten-
tion of the people; trusting that you will not ccase
to expose our faults unto us until we reform, and,
lastly, entreating youi pardon for the liberty.I have
taken in this application, I remain, honored sir. very
respectfully, yours, xt W. HVME.
Senator Sprague.
Corn Exchange Bank, Xew York,
April 5, lhb9.
Dear Sir: Will you oblige me by sending me copies
of tho speeches lately made by you m the senate!
The newspaper reports are very imperfect. X think
your strictures upon the merely legal acquirements
of ,i majoitv of Senators and Representatives will be
relished by the national bank officials, who areinces-
santly worried by their meddling with the banking
W. A. NASH.
system.
Rcspeetuilly, yours,
Hon. William Sprague.
Sew York, April 5,18G9.
! Dear Sir: Please send me your speeches lately de-
i hvered by sou, they are good and to tho point.
| Yours, respectfully, ^ ^ HERRMAX.
® lion. William Sprague, a-
New Yokk, April 5,1860.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to mail to my
address one or more copies of your late speech or
speeches on the subjects of finance, condition of the
country, &c.? I take a strong interest in those sub-
jects, and your views are exciting much interest
among my acquaintances. By mailing to me tho
speeches you will very much oblige, yours, very re-
spectfully,
TAPPEN TOWNSEND.
Hon. William Sprague.
Washington, D. C., April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me a few copies each of your
two speeches when convenient, and oblige your obe-
dient servant,
WILLIAM S. IIOLLIDAY.
Hon. William Sprague.
jSTew York, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you favor me with copies of your
recent speeches in the Senate? Your compliance
will greatly oblige me.
Respectfully, &c., SINCLAIR TOUSEY.
Baltimore, Md., April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: Having noticed an article in the Sun,
our daily paper, that it was your intention to send
topics of your speeches to the many applicants for
the same, being anxious to gain a more thorough
knowledge of your views, you would, by forwarding
me a copy of same, confer a great favor upon yours,
respectfully, M_ GmJMLBAUM.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Cincinnati, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir; You will oblige me much W sending me
a copy of your speech or pamphlet so much spoken
of. I takctbc greatest interest in the questions dis-
cussed, particularly as to the present improvident
results of the industry of the country.
Truly, yours, TIMGXH\ KIRB^.
Senator Sprague, Washington.
Hartford, Connecticut, April 5,1869.
Dear Sir: If you have your late speech delivered
in the Senate published in pamphlet I shall lee!
thankful to you for a copy ot it; also for a copy of
anv other speech you would like to send.
Yours, truly, WlLLIAM B110CL.BANK.
Mr. Sprague.
Baltimore, April 5.1869.
Dear Sir: Be kind enough to send me copies of
WILLIAM T. DIXOX.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Niagara, Ontario. Canada,
April 6, 1869.
• Sir: As one of the signs of the times, in political
significance, I am interested to read the speech you
lately delivered in the Senate at Washington. _
It you can send me a copy of that to which is ap-
pended the paper you adopt as a judicial judgment
on the so-called tenure-of-offico law you will oblige
your obedient servant, ^ ^
Hon. William Sprague. ^
Baltimore, Maryland.
Dear Sir* Bo so kind as to send me per mail, copies
of the speeches delivered by you in the Senate attne
present session of Congress, as they are creating a
marked sensation among the people everywhere.
(4o on in the good work whichyou have inaugurated,
and the people will sustain you. At present, aside
from the host of olfice seekers, who, like the camp
followers, plunder both campswhen they may happen
to get into them, you are more prominent with tho
people than General Grant, a,nd may be his successor.
As I am personally unacquainted with j'ou, Senator
Hamilton, of Maryland, knows me well, having been
for several years State librarian of Maryland.
With respect, yours, truly. &c. BOYLE
Hon. William Sprague.
Exetf.r, X. II.. April G, 1809.
Dear Sir: I can hardly expect in the multiplicity of
correspondence this can receive notice, yet a sense ot
duty impels its diction. Ilavingtaken muchthesame
views of the prospects of tho country in the imme-
diate future that you have, I visited -N e'.y Y ork last
October, and should have returned ere this but tor a
casualty proven ting, for thepurpose of an effort to ini-
tiate an organization of the nature of currency reform
association, that should lay before tho people ot tho
whole country the needs of such a change as would
tend to ward off a portion of the effects sure to result
from a contraction of the currency, or the fears ot it,
which is at this time the first cause of the present
stagnation, that unless something is done we oan
hardly fail of a crisis within the next twelve monttis
of a severe nature. With consumption decreasing,
through fear; production holding its own, at least,
I through hope; a Government for currency oontrae-
! Hon; prospects of full crops ofall the.important  ta-
! pie, to bo moved to market next fall and winder,
; money cannot fail to bo in full demand, impairing
, confidence and advancing rates ol interest. For full
i twelve months I have been maturing plans bearing
! o tl .s Scot. Shall be in New York first of the
• coming week, and could I know when you were m
