1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
I might altaost say that your remarks or speeches
are more talked of than most anything? else. Ihave
watched your course while I was in the Army and
sinec, and I am glad you have spoken, and in the
wav you hare.
Yours, truly, B. E. PRATT.
Annapolis, April 7,1869.
Sir: I hope you will not think mo presumptuous in
asking the favor to forward me your two Jastspeeches
betorc the Senate. By so doing you will- confer a
f avo r u pon one of the admirers of freedom of speech.
Oblige yours, &c„
WILLIAM MURDOCH.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Manhattanville, New York,
April 15,1869.
Respected Senator: Feeling soraeof that universal
interest in the speeches recently delivered by you,
though not agreeing, perhaps, in many of your enun-
ciations, I would respectfully ask you to send me a
copy for further perusal.
Sincerely, yours, JAMES A. DEERING.
Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Cincinnati, Ohio, April 17, 1869.
My Dear Sir: Your late speeches in the Senate
Chamber have created quite a sensation in this
region. I have been requested by several who have
read the meager extracts from them to write you
asking for a few copies when they shall have been
revised and printed.
Direct to your most obedient servant,
A. C. BAGLEY.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington, D. 0.
Philadelphia, April IQ, 1869.
Sir: Having seen a few extracts of your late speech
in the "United States Senate I feel very desirous to
read it all. Will you do me the great pleasure to
send me a copy of it?
Most respectfully, yours, LEWIS COOPER.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Auburn, Maine, April 8,1869.
Sir: Will you please to send me one or more copies
ot your late speech on the condition of the country,
if you have it printed for distribution ?
Respectfully, yours,
WILLARD SMALL.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. G.
New York, March % 1869.
Dear Sir: By this mail we forward a specimen copy
of the Chronicle. This weekly journal, now in its
eighth volume, is published in a suitable form to file
and bind, and furnishes in its editorials, reports, and
statistics a complete summary of the information
upon commercial and financial matters which legis-
lators require for present use and for reference.
Very respectfully, yours,
WILLIAM B. DANA & CO.
Hon. William Sprague.
Elizabethtown,
Bartholomew county, Indiana,
April 10, 1869.
Dear Sir: I hope you are not averse to the receiv-
ing of congratulations and the heartfelt gratitude
of those who regard you as one of the very few men
in the high official circle in which you have the justly
merited honor to figure conspicuously; who feel nat-
urally inclined, from honest conviction and principle,
to take a bold and fearless stand against the self-
interested designs of those in high seats of power,
who premeditate the infinite aggrandizement of the
few at the fearful risk of the consequences that must
inevitably follow the final success of their concertod
action in reference to the financial affairsof this vast
country and its numerous population. I allude here
to the late enactment by both Houses of Congress of
the bill,4 to sustain the public credit." But I do not
propose to discuss nor pretend to fully understand
this difficult and deeply mystified subject,the finances
ot the Government. What I wish to impress upon
your mind is that through the inediuin of the press
the common people, that great laboring, wealth-
producing class are slowly, but surely advancing to-
ward a complete understanding in reference to the
present and prospective future condition ot afiairs in
this country, and that their united voice will finally
bo heard, felt, and respected by those who may wish
oi propose tg serve their interests m a r?presentative
or executive capacity. I have read in soraeof the
late journals short extracts from your late speech
before the Senate, where you allude to the present
condition of the country, and especially to the bear-
mcsof recent legislation in Congress upon the rights
and interests of the poorer, laboring class, of which
I am one now, and ever have been. These extracts
have had the effect to call forth this hasty, unprc- ;
meditated attempt to address you on the subject in
behalf of the thousand? m theWesUvbo, like myselt,
are unavoidcdly veiy poor, many of whom have not
oven the limited capacity (which is so clearly mani-
fest m thisletter) that lam possessedot to do a thing
ot tiie kind: and many more arc so devoid ot any
hopes of e.vor having their present melancholy con-
dition changed by the only moans (legislation) by
which change in this respect can be legitimately
affected, that they seem to have bccorno partially
reconciled to a condition that they feel they have no
power to avert.
In conclusion, let me say, sir, that if you approve
the sentiments of this hasty letter, and think that a
change can and should be effected in behalf of the
poor, the homeless, and the oppressed generally,
please indicate your views by letter when conven-
ient; and if it will not be considered out of place I
would furnish some hints for your consideration.
But if it shall appear to you that I am transcending
the bounds of propriety, peculiar to my humble
sphere, in thus so unceremoniously addressing one
of ^our exalted station in life, all I ean say in reply
is that I have acted upon the impulse of the moment,
and most humbly beg to be excused. If your late
speech referred to above is published entire please
favor me with a copy.
Hoping that you will still remain the firm friend
of the cause of justice to the whole country, I con-
clude.
Yours, very respectfully,
J. E. KNOWLAND.
Senator Sprague.
Greensburg, Indiana, Aprils, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to send me
copies of your speeches delivered during the present
Congress?
Yours, &e., A. B. ARMINGTON.
Senator Sprague, Washington, D. G.
New York, April 10,1869.
Senator: lam interested to read your speeches in
detail, as well, also, as your financial bill. May I
request copies?
With respect, J. U. ORVIS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Dinwiddle county, near Petersburg,
Virginia, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you pardon a perfect stranger for
taking the liberty of respectfully soliciting a favor at
your hands? I have read in the newspapers some
notices of and extracts from your speeches recently
delivered in the Senate, and have been so much
pleased with these intrepid and patriotic utterances
that I am greatly desirous to obtain correct copies
of them all. As I live in a rural district and only
occasionally see a newspaperitoccurstomethatyou
would furnish me with them if I made application
to you, and under this impression I accordingly thus
address you. Ipresume that they have been or will
be printed in pamphlet form, as is very often the case
with congressional speeches. They ought to be pre-
pared in this way, at all events, for circulation among
the people as, from the importance of their character
and their peculiar adaptation to the times, besides
their high merits in point of statesman-like ability
and loltiness of spirit, they have a peculiar claim in
a crisis like the present to public consideration.
Another reason for my troubling you is, that I have
no Representative in Congress to whom I ean apply
for a public document, and I am sure that you will
duly appreciate this circumstance and aceord to me
that degree of indulgence to which it entitles me.
1 am one of those old Virginia Whigs who was
warmly opposed to secession, and I did what I could
to save our people from the hazards of such a rash
and terrible resort. But when, in spite of all the
efforts of the small minority with which I acted to
prevent the catastrophe, the war broke out, and a
de/acio governmentwas established, I determined to
cast my lot with that of the people among whom I
wi'S born and raised, although I could not but deeply
deplore the dreadful scenes ot blood and devastation
which I knew would follow. After the surrender of
our armies in 1865, in view of the resolution of Con-
gress of July 26,1S61,1 confidently expected peace
and fraternity upon the basis of an immediate and !
full restoration of the States whichhad been deluded
I into secession to the Union, and if the spirit andlet-
ter of that memorable resolution had been carried
out there would not have been more true and steady
friends of the Republic and its Government than the
people of the South. But the word of promise which
was held to our ear was broken to our hope. A vin-
dictive policy, instead of akindand conciliatory one,
was inaugurated, and has ever since the mceting of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress been inexorably and in-
flexibly pursued, and of the results of this policy the
speeches of yours, copies of which I am now request-
ing of you, are fUll of testimony. These speeches
form a refreshing oasis in the sterile waste into which
the Union has been converted by the burning pas-
sions which have lighted up the Hails of the national
Capitol for the last three years. I hail them as
auguries of the most propitious import, as signs of
an approaching change in the northern mind, which,
when.it comes, will rapidly give peace to our land
and lay tho foundations of a new, solid, and lasting
prosperity for it. . , , , . , t
I have the honor to be, with the highest respect,
your most obedient servant. ^
Hon. William Sprague.
Mr. Robertson is one of tho ablestmen in the coun-
try. with talents surpassing most of our able public
men, and he is as pure as he is intellectually able.
THOMAS EHANivLAND.
East Eqxi<o&o, Apr!' 10,1869.
Dear Sir: I have seen in the papers some extracts
from your speeches made in the Lnited states ben-
ate, ami in one of them > ou yaid they would be read
in every town and village oi the country, whien led
me co believe vou intended to publudi tnem. It "\ou
do, would you please to send me one of them, and to
each of the names I will inclose to you V
1). A. xiOUvjrJji.
Joseph Kingsbury, Alfred Hoses, John Bonny,
Joseph Dixon, Willard Pettee, Eoxboro, Norfolk
county, Massachusetts. *
Hon. William Sprague.
P. S.—Such talk will do good here.
New York, April 10,1869,
Sic: Will you please favor me with a copy of your
speeches recently delivered in the United States Sen^
ate? Having read with great interest your fea-rlesi
declaration of truths important for the people t«
know, I am anxious to read them in full.
Yours, respectfully,
EDWIN A. OVERTON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Wauseon, Ohio, April 11,1869.
Dear Sir: Please send to my address your speecS
or speeches containing your plan for the distribution
of capital. I have looked long and anxiously foj
some legislation on this subject that would benefit
the masses.
Yours, truly, WARREN C. WILLIAMS.
Senator Sprague, Washington.
Erontenac, April 11,1869.
My Dear Governor: I have been exceedingly in-
terested in the partial reports I have seen in tha
papers of your late speech or speeches on tho condi-
tion of the country, but have also found a disposition
in the papers I read to misrepresent you and to de-
preciate the effect of your statements. The acquaint-
ance that I feel honored and favored in making with
you last summer gives me great confidence in the
truth and value of your observations of the working
of the Government, and of your opinions on the finan-
cial condition of the country. The two points which
the Republican press most studiously avoid conced-
ing are the two I had in my acquaintance with you
the most occasion to remark. They are your habit of
philosophical observation of facts and your patriotic
superiority to class interests. They will not under-
stand that a New England manufacturer should, as
a statesman, declare the interests of the whole coun-
try. Will you be kind enough to send me these
speeches, and also to remember mo in the future as
one who will be the gratified recipient of thespeeches
you may make.
With great respect, very truly, &c„
ISRAEL GARRARD.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senator, Washington, D. G.
Newburypokt, Mass., April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you have tho kindness to forward
me some of your speeches as soon as you get them
ready? The people are all with you in this section
of the country. Go ahead; you are all right.
I remain, yours, respectfully,
CHARLES E. PORTER.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
' N. B. Send a,number of copies if convenient.
Sprivgfield, Mo., April 12, 1869.
Sir: You will much oblige an old Rhodo Islander
by sending a copy of your recent speech to
Dr. J. E. TEEET.
Hon. William Sprague.
Union Grove, Whitesides county. Illinois,
April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: Reforms, generally commencing in tho
lower strata of society, have been somewhat startled
by extracts and tho howl of a portion ot the press over
your late several speeches in the United States Sen-
ate. Would be much pleased with copies for reading
and distribution. r-^^-r
Most respectfully, yours, G. J. ATKINSON.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Paterson, New Jersey, April 12.1869.
Sir: Please send mcacopy of yourspeech delivered
in the Senate on the 8th instant. TT__ —
Respectfully, GEORGE S. HILTON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Lloyds, Essex county, Virginia,
Aprxl 12, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to send me
your speeches recently delivered in the United States
S Yourl very respectfully. B. R. BAIRD.
Hon. William Sprague.
Laurens Court-House, S. C.,
April 12, 1869.
Dear Sir: I take tho liberty to addressafewlines
to you in regard to your speech in United states
Senate. I hope that some more high-standing man.
would look natural in ihe future for the welfare of
thoeouutrv, and also will understand the meaning
of vour speech : and it is my opinion to look m the
present generation, to study their character and
dumps. It will bo far worse in the next generation it
it should not uko a change in Hie present course,
then it vvill be ecrtnia that the character and virtue
will be lost generally. I acknowledge my sympathy
A.W.ERUSE.
■ Hon. William Spraguo, Senator.
