766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
142 East Thirtieth street,
• New York, April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: How far the interest ofayoung man and
a stranger, one totally opposed to your political
tenets, in your recent statesmanlike ana decided
action in the Senate may be acecptable to you I
have no means of judging, but to know tnat your
appeal for the people, and your just rebuke to their
pretended representatives meet with responsive ap-
preciation from those who have studied earnestly
tho problem of successful republicanism, and hoped,
until despair came to watch with them, for some
fearless advocate of right and honesty, must be a
source of high gratification to you as a man, and of
encouragement in the unthankful office of censor to
jour compeers.
A man who would shrink from the course you have
adopted because of the sneers of foes and the faint
praise of friends, would deserve the ignomy which
would be sure to overtake and overwhelm him. ^ A
courageous persistence carrieswithitaweightofsm-
cerity which wins its way in spite of place andpower.
The school of politics in which I was brought up
always left me at liberty to admire the patriotic
course of any man, no matter what his party, arid
taught me to adopt as my own all the good I could
find in whatever creed. What tangible^ result mav
be obtained by a steady adherence to principle? and
a continued exposition of the mal-administratmn
of affairs at Washington and elsewhere, it would be
too soon now to inquire, but I might build a well-
grounded hope that the veto power of justice would
not be entirely suspended if the integrity and fear-
lessness of purpose in the future of Senator Sprague
were a sure sequel of his past course. In conclusion,
I would ask for a copy of your speech.
Very respectfully, LEWIS SANDERS.
Senator Sprague.
Chelsea, Massachusetts, April 13,1869.
Dear Sir: I have tried to find yourreceot speeches
in the United States Senate, but it seems the papers
in this vicinity do not care about publishing them.
Will you oblige me by sending me a copy ?
Respectfully, JOHN McKEY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Chicago, April 13,1869.
I)ear Sir: Will you be so kind as to send to this
oihcc a couple of copies each of your late speeches in
the United States Senate? Being anativeof Rhode
Island must be my excuse for thus troubling you.
Your obedient servant, HENRY KEITH.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Seriate, Washington, J). <\
Salisbury, N. C., April lo, 18'VJ.
Dear Sir: Having read with much interest an ex-
tract trom a speech delivered by you in the Senate
recently upon the wants of the country and its finan-
cial condition, may I trouble you for a copy of your
speech on the subject referred to.
I have the honor to be, most respectfully.
J. M. McCORKLE.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Linneus, Missouri, April 15,1809.
Will you please send to my address copies of your
recent speeches in the United States Senate if you
have them for general distribution? I shall take
pleasure in giving them wide circulation in my
county, believing them to contain many correctideas
on social and political questions.
Yours, very truly, C. D. PRATT.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Woolwich, Maine, April 15,1809.
Sir: Will you have the goodness to send me, if you
have them printed, a copy of your recent speeches m
the United States Senate?
Very respectfully, youi>, W. A. POTTER.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senot?.
Cincinnati, April 14, lb69.
A report of your recent able speech in the United
States Senate would be duly appreciated by your
obedient servant,
J". F. SAUNDERS,
Hen. William Sprague, Senator, Wwshington.
Washington, Api H14,1869.
Dear Sir: I have been sent to by many Maryland-
ers for your speech in the United States Senate. Be
kind enough to send me one or two dozen copies.
Yery respectfully,
F. T. MADDOX.
Hon. V> illiam Sprague.
New York, April 14,18o9.
My Dear Sir: I have been much interested and
gratified at the bold andfearlessstandyon haveseen
t t to take respecting the outrages perpetrated upon
trie people of this country. I desire to add my
tribute to the many you are constantly receiving,
and pray you may be prospered in your endeavors
for the welfare of this country. I would beg to have
a eopv of your speech of March 19 on the tenure-
of-office act, as I have only seen a brief synopsis of
it, and am very desirous of reading it intact.
With assurances of my most distinguished regard,
I have the honor to be, most respectfully, vour obe-
dient servant. E. D. STEAD,
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 14,1869.
Sir: Will you please send mo copies of your late
speeches introducing and urging your loan bill?
Very respectfully, (jEOKCrl^ Jj. AHBKEWS.
Hon. William Sprague, Senator United States,
New York, AprW\\> 18i*9.
Dear Sir: Will you be good enough to send me your
recent speeches in the United States Senate on the
subject of loaning the public money ? I should like
to understand fully your ideas on that subject, which
I cannot very well do from the reports sent to the
Associated Press. ,
I should be pleased to have you send me any pub-
lic documents besides your speeches that are of great
or general interest.
Most respectfully, yours, M JUJ)A>
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Loudoun county, Virginia,
Taylorstown, April 14,1869.
Sir: The very meager reports of your late speeches
in tho Senate that I have seen have created a great
desire to see them in full. I have, therefore, to beg
of you the favor to send me your speeches, which
will gratify me very much.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant.
LEW EN T. JONES.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
Lowell, Massachusetts, April 14,1869.
Dear Sir: I take the liberty of asking you to send
me a few copies of your speeches recently made, and
I do so the more readily from the fact that Cranston
was my birth place, and I am anxious to see what it
is that has been said by one to the "manner born"
which causes the "galled jade to wince."
Very respectfully, GEORGE HOBSON.
Boston, April 1G, 1869,
My Dear Sir: 1 am daily asked by Boston mer-
chants for copies of your recent speeches in the Sen-
ate, and I trust that you will send some at your
earliest convenience.
The men of common sense in tbis section of the
country indorse what you have said.
Truly and respectfully, vours,
WILLIAM D. DIMOCK.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington.
New York, April 16, 1869.
Senator: Will you excuse a stranger for this intru-
sion on your official time? lamwellawarethatyour
time and attention are engrossed in your duties and
official labors; still I can hardly suppress the utter-
ance of my sincere and heartfelt commendation of
the noble, dignified, intelligent, and patriotic stand
you have recently taken in your place in the United
States Senate. 1 congratulate you, sir, and the coun-
try that we have one man in the Senate, though from
"little Rhody," who dares behonest, intelligent, and
patriotic. It is mortifying to us New Yoikers that
we have no one inthe Senatewhohastheabilityand
independence to throw himself into the breach be-
tween the country and the party and yield his devo-
tion to tho former rather, if needs be, than the latter.
Rhode Island, through one, at least, of her repre-
sentatives, deserves well of the Republic, and I doubt
not, will sooner or later receive her reward.
I have been doubting for some years whether or
not ail of our great and patriotic men had not left the
councils of the country, but thank Heaven there is
hope yet for our beloved country anditsinstitutions.
Allow ine again to thank you for your able and
judicious and independent speeches lately delivered
in the Senate. I have read them as they have synop-
tically been presented through the journals.
If it is not taxing you too much, would you do me
the favor to send me a few copies if they are to bo
issued in pamphlet form ? JL would like to distribute
them among my friends. In the course you have
taken you will have, I doubt not, the support and
concurrence of your honored father-in-law, our
worthy "Chief Justice." God bless him, he ought to
have been now President.
Pardon the liberty I take, and allow me to sub-
scribe myself, your obedient servant,
,, CHARLES S. GOODRICH,
Late UnitedSfate& Consul, France.
p lion. William Sprague, United States Senate.
ji PHn.Ai>rxvnsA, April 1(5.1869.
ij My Dear Sir. I see by the newspapers that you
i! intend to publish your speeches in pamphlet form.
Can I claim the privilege of having a few copies sent
jl to me? Although diftering from you politically I
i; like the argument.
!i I am, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
DAVID P. WEAVER,
'' Citu <b)iimis8ioncr.
\] Hon. William Sprague,
!j United States Senator, Washington, IK C,
if Orange, New Jersey, April 10, ]8(>9.
Dear Sir: PJease send me a few copies of your
speeches. They are just what the people want.
Yours, truly,
W. WALLACE SNYDER.
Hon. William Sprague.
j Rondout, New York, April 16,1869.
I Dear Sir: Send me a eopy of your speeches, if any
I to spare.
Respectfully, A. WHARTON BICKLIOY.
5 Senator Sprague,
Brooklyn, April 16,1869.
Dear Sir: Having read your speeches recently in
the Senate of the United States, and thanking you
with al1 my heart for what you have done, but hop-
ing that you will not weary in well doing, but go on
to the end, beg you to send me, when you can, some
of your speeches when published. This whole nation
rises up to-day and blesses you for what you have
already done.
Yours, very truly, JOSEPH BRYAN.
Senator Sprague.
Waltham April 16,1869.
Dear Sir : Will you have the kindness to forward
to my address your two last speeches, and oblige
yours,
WILLIAM A.ADAMS.
Natick, April 1$, 1869.
Dear Sir: Thewaters are a little stirred up hero in
Rhode Island just now: but as the name of Spraguo
and defeat do not harmonize I have strong hopes in
the future. Please send me a few copies of your
speeches at your convenience, as we get but little but
I what the Providence Journal sees lit to publish about
' here. Mills are running well at present.
! Yours, truly, WILLIAM M. SPINK,
; Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
1 New York, April 13.1869.
! Sir: If your recent speeches on tho state of the
| country have been printed in full please send me a
1 copy of them, and much oblige, yours, very truly,
j EDWARD W. FOSTER,
i Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Pattersons Depot, West Virginia,
April ]•>, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to send me
copies of your recent great speeches, which I believe
destined to do much good. I will distribute them
among my neighbors, and do all I can to have them
read by my friends.
Very respectfully, JOHN A. ROBINSON.
Hon. Me* Sprague.
Brooklyn, New York, April 1o% 1869.
Honored Sir: You will confer a favor on at least
five hundred of your admirers in this city by sending
fifty copies of your speeches to my address. I am a
member of the class called mechanics. The lite of
the country is their life, and you I recognize as their
champion. I have read yourspeeches in the papeis,
but I should like to have the above number of copies
in pamphlet fuiin that! ma) distribute them among
mv fellow-workmen, &e.
Yours, truly, R. COWEN.
Senator Sprague.
!i
i; High Shoals, Gaston county, X C.,
| April IS, 1869.
j! Dear Sir: Do me the favor to send me several copies
I' of your late speeches, and oblige.
h Very respectfully, yours,
j: CHARLES WILKES,
j! Hon. William Sprague, *
j> Senator United Sad''s, Washington City.
New York, April 15,1S69.
Dear Sir: The writer wishes to congratulate you
on the truth of your remarks in the United States
Senate of late in regard to the corruption of public
men. It is the same in private life, in a business
way. The writer has had a long experience in this
city, and am sorry to say that it seems to grow worse
and worse. It is time for some one to speak out, and
I I am glad to see you are not afraid to do it.
I I have never had the pleasure of seeing you, but
' if vou should ever happen to think of it when home
i ask my old friend Whipple, the hatter, in your city.
i1 who I am. „
It Yours, truly, SAMUEL Gr. STARR.
j: Hon. Senator Sprague.
il —
■ : Philadelphia, April\q% 18G9.
Dear Sir: Will you permit me to add ray mite of
praise in behalf of the good work that you have
undertaken? I know but of two epochs m history m
which public men were as corrupt as theyaie now.
The first immediately after the proscription of Svlia ;
the second under the French Directory. You have
put your hand to the plow; see that you drive the
share deep down until you shall weed out all the
corruption in Oongress. Will yon be kind enongh
to send me a cony of your speeches when you have
them ready? I know several gentlemen who will be
glad to get them. The corruptionists hatoyou. You
must expect to be abused, villified. and misrepre-
sented. Do not flag; you will have God, the people,
and a good cause to sustain you. _
Respectfully, yours, JOHN CAMPBELL.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
IIarrishurg. Pennsylvani \. April IT, 1809.
Dear Sir: If you can spare twenty copies of your
speech, or a less number if you have them not to
spare, they can be used here to a good effect. 1 have
written to one of our Senators nml our Representa-
tive, but have not yet received them. If not too
much trouble please send me at, least a tf«w
Yours, Ac., JOHN WALLOU KB.
Hon. William'f^prncue.
