768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
CoirUMBUS, (jA., April 1U, 1869.
Dear Sir: I have been much pleased withsuch por-
tion® of the recent speeches made by you in the Sen-
ate as hare met publication, and would like to have
them 111 lull. In fact, having no representative in
Congress that I can call upon, I would feel under
obligations by being placed on your document list.
It is proper to state that before the late " cruel war"
I had the pleasure of meeting1 and being presented
to you one summer at the North.
Respectfully, yours,
ALEXANDER C. MORTON.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Seriate, Washington, J}, Q.
Nashville, Tennessee, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: Although without avoiee in public affairs,
andperhaps but limited influence, I hope I may be
permitted to express my admiration for the manli-
ness, independence, comprehensiveness, and states-
manship exhibited in your recent course in the Sen-
ate; more particularly in the remarks made on the
30tb ultimo, of which I have not been enabled as yet
to obtain a full report. Will you be so kind as to
send me a copy?
Education and interest—having once been a large
slaveholder—have caused ine to observe from a dif-
ferent stand-point in times past. JBufc in tbepresent
miserable state of affairs my attention having been
attracted to you, I will be permitted to say that I
have been much gratified and have a new hope
awakened, that with such material there is yet a
chance to bring about some change in the present
state of affairs.
I will be much interested in watching your career,
and would be flattered at the reception of such docu-
ments as you might see proper to send to my address.
With much respect,
HENRY S. FRAZER.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, 2). 0.
Washington, April 12,1869.
My Dear Sir: Allow me to thank you for your
kindness in giving me a note to Secretary Borio the
other day. As perhaps you saw by the papers the
intercessions of the Vice President, yourself, and
other influential parties were sufficient to secure my
reinstatement. I read with much attention your
speech on the repeal of the tenure-of-office bill, as
well as the synopsis of your others that have appeared
in the papers. X think your position with reference
to that act was a sound one, and I am glad to see that
our little State is making itself heard at last, and
especially through the representative of its young
men. Please put me in your list for some copies ot
all your speeches when they are issued.
Very respectfully and truly, yours,
H. H. TILLY.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Chicago, April 12,18(39.
Dear Sir: Will you oblige mo by sending mc copies
of your late speeches, particularly that on tho "ten-
ure-of-officebill?" Your guns have been well aimed.
I .should like to see with what they were charged.
Very respectfully, J. N. STILES.
Hon. William Spraguo,
Senator from Rhode Island.
Quincy, Illinois, April 12, 1869.
Dear Sir: Allow me to congratulate you for the
noble stand you have taken in the Senate. Your
course meets the approbation of the conservative
men of all parties in this city. If you have any of
your speeches printed I wish you would send me
some of them to distribute among my friends.
I am, very truly, yours, &c.,
lion. William Sprague. _ J0H*
Cartersville, Cumberland County, Vam
April 12, I860.
Dear Sir: I bare just read in the New York Tri-
bune of the 7th instant, a paper I take, not from
choice, but to see the drift of our affairs, a personal
explanation you make of a former speech, a short
sketch of which I read lately in a Richmond paper,
and I cannot deny myself the pleasure of expressing
to you my thanks for that manly and noble effort,
and the great satisfaction it gave me, o.nd, as I be-
lieve, will also to the great mass of our people. You
have struck a chord which will vibrate in unison
with the feelings and sentiments and wishesof every
reflecting and patriotic citizen of our country. For
God's sake, for the people and good Government's
sake, maintain the stand which your talents and
position entitle you to, and continue the effort to
rescue tho Government from the whirlpool which
threatens to engulf it. Butyoustrike but one of the
discordant strings, the lawyers, which have brought
ruin upon the harmony of our system of Govern-
ment, and are now rioting in the wreck they have
made.
Two other classes remain to receive, I hope, your
severest censure and condemnation. I allude to the
political parsons undthepiofligate, unprincipled, and
mercenary editors of many of the political papers of
the day. Here is more than Herculcan work; but
recollect that Hercules, even in his cradle, boldly
seized the two serpents in both hi3 hands, and squeezed
them to death. You will have the third serpent to
contend with, but as you aie "a m;m," we will hope
ami pray tiiat you will u>eyour foot, if necessary, to
cru-'h the head of this third monster air-o^ There is
a tearful combination and collusion of these three
political serpents, which will make the contest more
serious, but the victory more glorious. The peo-
ple will encourage, applaud, and sustain you, and
children yet unborn will rise up to bless and rever-
ence your name and memory. I shall be glad to
receive your speeches when prepared for circulation,
and if you think proper to honor this letter with
your notice, please direct to your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. BROWN, M. I).
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington, I). C.
P. S. I wrote, during the war, a short and earnest,
but I know very imperfect,article on the subject
referred to in this letter, under the title of " Scribes
Pharasees and Lawyers," which I tried to get, in vain,
all the so-called religious and political papers in
Richmond to publish, and made similar effortssince
the war with like failure. It expressed but the sin-
cere, unselfish, unambitious opinions of a lover of
his race and country, and judging the humble and
unaspiring masses by myself, I thought and still be-
lieve, that if its truths could have reached the peo-
ple, many of the evils which have been heaped and
gathered upon us would have been avoided. If in
your leisure you would read it, I would send you
the copy I have, with the wish there expressed, I
hope fulfilled, that one fitted for it would thoroughly
do the subjcct justice. B.
Omaha, Nebraska, April 12,1869.
My Dear Senator: Will you do me the favor to
send me your late spcech on corruption? Also,
please send mc copies of any other speeches made
by you at the late session of Congress.
Always yours, truly, C. S. CHASE.
Boston, April 12, 1869.
Dear Sir: God bless you for your late speeches for
truth, for right, and_ the cause of human progress.
Please send me copics of all as fast as published.
Congress indeed seems to be like a bear garden, and
you have done your country and the world a lasting
good by standing up and speaking truths that mil-
lions know but dare not utter in high places. It
almost seems like the millennium when one United
States Senator is willing to face the world of bypoc-
ricy and deceit in public, as well as private life, and
rebuke it as you have done. Honor and success to
you in the work you have so nobly began.
I have the honor to be, respectfully and truly, yours.
STEPHEN M. ALLEN.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Grand R-apids, Mich., April 13,1869.
Sir: Being desirous to investigate the subject of
resumption, and the finance question generally, I
take ttio liberty to write and request you, if it would
put you to no inconvenience, to send mo your speeches
in the Senate, and such matter as bears upon that
subject, which you may have at your disposal, in the
shape of documents, it you can spare them as well as
not.
Yours, very respectfully,
ROGER W. BUTTERFIELD.
Hon. William Sprague.
Rock Hill, N. C., April 13, 1869.
Sir: I have seen some extracts and a number of
comments upon rceent speeches delivered by you in
the Senate of tho United States. I take the liberty
of requesting you to send me copies of those speeches.
From what I have seen of them they contain truths
which it is high time the American people were
taking to heart. The Governmentis becoming—has
it not become ?—as rotten and as corrupt as the cjjeie
monarchies of Europe, and unless something isdone
to arrest the present tendency we will soon be a
Republic only in name. But it may seem strange,
even indecorous, to you for a citizen of North Caro-
lina—" a rebel'*—to evince any desire for the pros-
perity and glory of the American Republic. We
made an honest and earnest effort to sever our con-
nection with it, and we believed for good cause. We
failed. We were told to do ceitain thing< and all
would be well. We have complied with all the le-
quiremcnts, however humiliating they may have
been, yet we are denounced as rebels, as men who
yet plot treason, and are dangerous to the Govern-
ment. It is not true. Ourfeeliugs toward the north-
ern people are not unkind; we are tired of strife
and contention; wo are not turbulent and factious ;
we want, above all things, peace and quiet. We
pay taxes to support the Government; we want to
see it honestly administered, and not so administered
as to benefit a party, but the whole country. Cor-
ruption and profligacy are notconfined to Washing-
toneity. Come to the capitol of North Carolina and
other southern States and you will find the vejy
atmosphere reeking with it. Our Legislatures are
largely made up of scalawags, earpct-baggers, and
negroes, men who care nothing for the material in-
terests of the country, and whoso object is to put
money in their own pockets. Because we denounce
them we are called rebels, traitors, &c. We do de-
nounce them; they ought to be denounced, for they
are a curse and a blight upon the country. You de-
serve and I believe will receive the thanks of all
honest men for denouncing the corruption that in-
fests our legislative halls, both State and national.
The destiny of this country is with you people of the
North. We of the South can do but little; but m
every effort to preserve and perpetuate the institu-
tions of our fathers you will have whatever support
we can give, and all of our commendation. 1 have
been led to make these remarks Irom reading notice*
of your speech, and from the fact that wo are so
grossly and persistently misrei>resciitod. believing
that you will accept them in the spirit with which
they are written—that of candor and kindness. I
would be pleased to distribute a number of copies
of your speech, and any other documents with which
you may favor me from time to time.
I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &c.,
tt w.„. a J. C. NORMAN.
Hon. William Sprague.
Oldtown, April 1869.
Sir: I have seen notices of certain speeches re-
cently delivered by you in the Senate expressing
views upon the state of the country, but have been
unable to procure a copy of either of them. If printed
for distribution, will you bo so kind as to favor me
with a copy ? If the brief analysis of these speeches
given in the newspapers is in any respect correct,
your questions are certainly well taken, and, in my
humble opinion, tenable.
I am, very respectfully, your most obedient ser-
vant,
G. P. SEWALL.
Hon. William Sprague.
Worcester, Mass., April 13,1869.
Sir: Will you be so very kind as to send me a copy
of your late speeches in tho Senate ?
We are all very much interested here in the course
you have recently taken in the United States Con-
gress, and we glory in your efforts for retrenchment
and reform. God prosper you and the good work
which you hav<§  commenced.
Yours, very respectfully,
JAMES J. KENNEDY.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Washington, D. C„ Apt HI3,1869.
Dear Sir: Will youforwaid to me a copy of the late
speech in the Senate by ex-Governor Sprague?
Yours, respectfully,
J. R. II. GERMANE.
Hon. R. E. Fenton.
Norwich, Vermont, April\% 1869.
Dear Sir: I trust you will not deem it presumption
in me to address you at this time, being a stranger to
| you personally. I have seen many extracts ot late
that purpoit to come from speeches recently deliv-
ered by you in the United States Senate on tho civil
tenure bill, &c. As thesespeeches, what I have seen
of them, speak in behalf of an oppressed people and
a corrupt system of legislation, I have taken the
liberty to ask you to forward me a few copics of tho
same for perusal and distribution. The heart of the
people aro with you while you advocate their cause.
You alone almost of our public men stands forth to
proclaim the rights of an overburdened and over-
taxed people. Keep cn in the good work, and thou-
sands upon thousands will rise up regardless of party
to sustain you. I am a Democrat politically.
I am, my dear sir, truly, yours,
LEWIS S, PARTRIDGE.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Philadelphia, April 13,1869.
Respected Sir: Horace II. Day's letter, published
in the Daily JS ews ot this morning, meets with a gen-
eral response from the workingmen of this city. Go
on, go on, go on, and may God give you health and
strength to battle for the depressed millions of your
lellow-citizens.
Yours, with respect,
JOHN HAVILAND.
Hon. William Sprague.
Macon, Georgia, April 14,1869.
I Dear Sir: Please send me your recent speeches in
the Senate, and groatly oblige.
Yours. <fcc., T. J. SIMMONS.
Senator Sprague.
New Orleans, April 14,1869.
Dear Sir: You will make me a great pleasure by
sending me the last speech you delivered in the Sen-
j ate.
; T remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,
i A. COMMAGEKS.
| Hon, William Sprague,
Senator from Rhode Island.
231 Walnut Struct, Philadelphia,
Apt il 1"), lb'>(J.
My Dear Sir: I will esteem it a great favor it' you
will send me any or all of your late speeches on tho
present condition of the country. Philudciphians
are watching you with great interest, and applaud
your conduct.
llespectiutly, yours, F. F. EASTLACK.
Hon. William Sprague,
Senator froui lihode Inland.
Bangor, M vtnj:, April 1"\ 1^09.
Dear Sir : Pardon me for making a requisition for
you to iorward me ten or more ol your Kth ot April
speech in the United States Senate. There i.s a groat
want among the people to rood it. Th*j Republican
papers are mum in regard to publishing it.
Very respectfully, yours,
CHARLES K. MILLER.
Hon. William Sprague,
1 United Stateh Senator, Washington I). 0.
