1869.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
Morrison, Illinois, April 15,1869.
Sir: "Will you please send mo your speech lately
delivered in the United Slates Semite ?
Yours, respectfully,
W. S. WILKINSON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Otter Point, Mb., April 16, I860.
Sir: Please send one or two of your speeches "that
we read about." to the address below, and oblige,
respectfully, yours,
W.S.OSBORN.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 16, 1869.
Sir: Would you oblige mo by sending' copies of
your late speeches in Congress?
I remain, yours, most respectfully,
JAMES PEARSON.
Senator Sprague.
Newark, New Jersey, April 16, 1869.
Dear Sir: Please send me five copies of your recent
pungent speeches, and oblige, yours,
J. M. KEEN.
Senator Sprague.
Ni-,w York, April 16.1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the honor of placing my
name and address upon your list foi mailing copies
of your late and future speeches before the Senate
and elsewhere, and oblige, very truly, ynm.\
N. BINGHAM.
Hon. William Sprague.
New Haven, April 16, 1S69.
Dear Sir: Will you have the kindness to iorward
me a copy of your celebrated speech on the condition
of the country, us delivered by voum the Senate? My
reason is I wish trie whole, not a garbled report, as
theie arc many of my fi lends that want the original.
Pardon the liberty, &c.
Respectfully, your-s. HUGH DAILY.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington, D. 0.
New Yoke, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind, enough to send me
copies oi > our recent speeches in the Seitat e? I has e
been gicatly interested in them, meager though the
rcpoit> huve been, and I am anxious lo get them
eutire. JLt the} ate not yet published in pamphlet :
form oblige me by sending tlio Globe containing ij
them. ij
Very respectfully, J. 11. FELLOWS, ij
Hon. William Sprague, United State? Senator. j
East Madison, Maixe, April 19,1S69. |
Dear Su : I should 6e pieced u- have fifty copies i
of your 1 ist speech to circulate here among the work- j
ing and thinking men. There are at the present a \
gieat many of that ctass wao having nothing else to |
do can study the causes why the past winter has ;
been so dull. It will tell them of the economy that I
was practiced in the past when the poorsought to be i
lich before they put themselves in the clothes and I
.=5fyle ot trie tich. It will tell them the leason why 1
A B & Co. have left, off employing men and put
their capital into five-twenty bonds; why B F &
Co. have suspended operations bccausethey cannot
compete with the national Government in paying
interest, to say nothing of the enormous municipal
and national taxes. Interest; why I could loan
6100,000 here in a short time at eight and ten percent,
on real estate worth three times that. But if there
is a little money about it goes into town, State, or
national houds, to escape the enormous municipal
taxes, that average three and a half percent. Ihe
business men go to the banks vrh^re the rates are ten
per cent., which soon bring them into bankruptcy. I
>aid go to the banks. Why, sir, we have here in
Skowhegan, our leading village, $400,000 bank capi-
tal, or $360,000 circulation, yet they do but a small
business in the discount line, as Government stocks
p.iy better, so their circulation is mostly invested in
them. Reduce the rates of interest and business
will thrive. Keep in the track you haveopened, and
four years will see tho man who in his inaugural
turned his back oil the tax-payers step apide to give
pi.tee to one who, despite party shackles, has tne
foresight, honesty, and couragetostandupbeforean
imbecile Senate and tell them the truth in relation
to the counuy, Let officeholders and office-seekers
etoak and snarl; let a venal and pensioned press
2tow1 ; the people are with you.
Excuse this tiespass on your time, and believe me
to be, yuurs, veiy JEFF. SAVAGE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Cambridgeport, Massachusetts,
April 17,1869.
lVnr Sir: Like the hero of ancient Israel, you are
hurling the pebbles at the Goliah heads. The masses
of r he people respond in applause. The most radical
cicmonN in New England and throughout the conn-
i rv a re in ^vmpathy with you—n re with you. All the
M>-c:illod reformers. Radicals, eome-outers, hmer-
-otn.ni tran^'-endentalists, optimists, <fcc., and every
el.is-i ad\orating retrenchment and revolution and
the btcakmtr down of partyism, arc with jou. I
speak from wfmi f know. I have labored as minis-
ter, author, edi'or. and lecturer of not much fame
be\ond th'-eirelf* of personal friends, and have waited
i' r -••.me in ui like > on to trrf, uj> awl speak in the
council chamber.- of the nation. I pray, bit", that
4 1st <X\U. 1ST !Sfe3.—No. 49.
you may not waver. Youstand on eternal principle,
and the nation can stand on no other ground. Let
the majority in power at Washington scowl, frown,
laugh, hiss, and thunder, but remember the millions
of the people will back you and the angel hosts of
the Almigh'V will inspire you. Your tine, sensitive
nature may quiver beneath the storm of foes, but,
sustained by a consciousness of right and the ulti-
mate blessings of the masses, you have ample com-
pensation. Be thou in one a Paul and a Patrick
Henry! My pen and voice are now stayed, and 1
am drudging on in my profession; but I patiently
bide my time. I have been on tho stump, and in com-
mon with hosts I take the field again, when more men
like you can be found to "cry aloud, and spare not."
Did not my family depend on my professional labor,
gods 1 howl would go in with pen and tongue to arouse
the public in stronger enthusiasm nndsj mpathy with
daring, iconoclast patriots like yourself.
Yours, tor humanity, UHIA1I CLARK.
Senator Sprague.
Allentown, Pennsylvania,
April 17,1869.
Sir: Being an entire stranger to you, but a great
admirer of the course you have taken as a Senator
of the United States against the evils of corruption
now so prevalent at our national as well as State
capitals, your speeches have been read wiih the
greatest interest by the public m our section of
country. Will you favor me with a number of yonr
speeches, it you have them m print, lor which 1
would feel raj self under obligations to you?
Re^pecfully. yours, A. L. 11UHE.
lion. William Sprague.
New York, April 11,1869.
Dear Sir: Would you have the kindness to send
me your speech? By so doing I would be much in-
debted to you, and I assure you if it laid in my power
to reciprocate I would do so with the greatest of
pleasure.
Yours, truly, FRANK LEWIS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Wrilliamsburg. New York, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: Will jou have the kindness to send me
a copy of your recent speeches, directed to 112Third
street, Williamsburg, New York, and oblige, respect-
fully, yours, W. J. RAIS'D.
Senator Sprague.
Philadelphia, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir : Your able speeches, portions of which I
have read in the New York licrald, are almost en-
tirely suppressed in this city. As I see you are about
publishing them, will you tavor me with a copy? If
the honest masses of the people «ue not with you
there is hut little hope of the country. I think they
are.
Very respectfully, yours, SAM'L SPARHAWK.
lion. William Sprague.
New York, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: Please mail me copies of your recent
speeches if they are in print. Although not one ot
yourconstituents, I can claim youasacustomerfrom
the fact that my company " underwrites" you to a
considerable extent on your various mills. Person-
ally, moreover. I feel inclined to underwrite a good
many of your views as expressed in the meager news-
paper reports of those speeches which have so hor-
rified the "great family," and I want to see them
'"Yours, truly, FRANK W. BALLARD.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. V.
Richmond, Va., April Id, 1869.
My Dear Sir: Excuse the liberty I take in asking
of you the favor to send me a copy of your late speech
i in the Senate. Being one of the unrepresented, I
cannot obtain documents in the ordinary way, i. <?.,
through the congressional Representative of the
district. Iam not, never was, and never expect to
be a politician; but as a tax payer, not to a very
large amount, it is true, but larger by tar than the
amount of property I own would seem tojustify,Ifeel
a lively interest in men and measures which look to
reform, especially in our finances, the rendering of
- money cheap, the reduction of taxation, the eleva-
tion of the working classes, the protection of labor,
i the improvement our cotton, agricultural,commer-
| cial, and manufacturing interests, and also to giv-
i ing the go-by to all talk about negroes, negro suf-
\ frage, women's rights, rebels, &c., of which latter
1 class I suppose I may be said to be, having spent
I four years of my life in upholding, with arms in my
| hands, a cause which I thought just; bat this is past,
■ and I now have the same interests that any other
i United States citizen has, andregard the prosperity
| of the country as much a necessity for me as it is
i for you or any other of our people.
j! "Very truly, your obedient servant,
i CHARLES W.WILLIAMS.
jj Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
Philadelphia, ^^n719,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you have the kindness to send me
a copy of your late speech upon the financial con-
H dition of the country, and oblige yours, respectfully,
; CHARLES 13. RICE.
' Hon. William Sprague.
Philadelphia, 4th Mo. 19th, 1869.
Dear Sir: I have read with great interest your
able and instructive discussions of the great question
now agitating the country, demanding, as it does,
the earnest care and study of the best intellects of
the countij—I refer to the subjcct ot finance. Not
to trespass upon your valuable time- my object in
now addiessmg you is to solicit a copy ot your views
and speeches made upon this subject. The news-
paper repoits are unreliable and full of venom, and
altogether unreliable.
With great respect, yours, truly,
JOHN B. MORGAN.
New York, April 19,1869.
My Dear Governor: The very able and exhaustive
letter in the Txibune of last Saturday, from their
coire^pondent" G. 0. S.," who went to Rhode Island
lor the special purpose of giving an account of the
war between the great rival houses—the Montagues
and Capulets—is read everywhere with the most
absorbing interest.
"Wishing to get at the exact truth, it is a remarkable
fact that writing under the overshadowing influence
of "the million of dollars" he turns every point at
issue between you and the enemy in your favor, and
that, too, most clearly and distinctly. He shows also
that m the coming contest—notwithstanding the pub-
lic opinion they are making against you and the rloud
of dusc they arc raising to cover the real issues at
st.ike—you aie sure to win.
What a wonderful inspiration it was that made
you coin that phrase, " a million of dollars." It is a
golden expression, and in the coming time will bo a
ram that will batter the strongholds of the enemy to
pieces.
The inclosed clip from tho Mail will show how
fairly the independent press of the country are dis-
posed to treat you.
It is worthy of note that while Senator Anthony
pooh-poohs your financial plan as exploded, the
leading journals are daily demanding the unlocking
of the vaults of the tub-Treasury, which is the very
kev-stone of your plain and practical bill.
When in the White House waiting the end of your
interview with Grant, I said to myself how fortu-
nate it will be tor the Governor if the Administration
refuses to listen to him, because if it does it may
curb and trammel him; whereas if left alone lie
will became the great head center of his original and
daring movement. And all who favor reform, the
justdistribution of capital, the protection of labor,
and relief from taxation, must rally round the
Sprague banner.
With best wishes, yours, most truly,
JOHN H. WYMAN.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington.
New York, April 10,1869.
Dear Friend: I have read your various speeches as
published in the papers, and would like io^havo
some for distribution among the "cotton bugs" here
who are not worth a million.
Faithfully, C. W. FRJGDERICKSON.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. V.
Ellsworth, Maine, April 19,1869.
Dear Sir: Please sendme a few of your speeches
delivered in the Senate on the condition of the
country.
Yours, most respectfully, J. II. THOMAS.
Hon. Senator Sprague.
South Pendleton, Ohio, April 20,1869.
Will you excuse the liberty? I write to request a
few copies of your speeches and to know if you will
favor me with your photograph. I paint portraits,
and am a poor girl trying to earn my living and get
means to improve what little talent I have, and I
believe if I could succeed in making a good por-
trait of yourself I could make a good sale of it, as
you have so many admirers and friends in Cincinnati.
If you will allow me the great privilege of painting
a portrait of you and will assist me by giving me a
good photograph, stating the color of your hair and
eyes, complexion, you will be doing a great, favor
to one in humble life who admires you as a soldier, a
statesman, and a friend to humanity.
Mrs. JOSEPHINE LOWRY.
Hon. William Sprague.
Louisville Ky., April 20,1869.
Senator Sprague: Please send us half a dozen of
your diagnosis of our financial distresses.
Respectfully, WM. P. BEACH & CO.
Danville, III., April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: I should like to have a copy or copies
of the speech, or speeches of yours that have recently
been creating a sensation m the country.
I am, sir, yours, very truly, D. D. EVAN&.
Hon. "William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. 6.
New York, April 2%, 1869.
Dear Sir: Please send, when printed, fifty copies
of yourspeeehes. Direct to Whitestone. Long Island.
I 1 am a southern man, once known as a rebel. Hav-
I ing many friends in the South, I have no doubt but
i they will bo pleased to get your speeches.  
j I am. •
" Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
