770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
New York, April 22,1869.
Sir: May X venture to trouble you for a copy of
your celebrated speeches on national, affairs?
Iam, with thegrcatest respect, your obedient ser-
vant. ROBERT SCOTT.
Hon. William Sprague.
Office Johnstown (Pa.) Tribune,
April 20, 1869.
Sir: Pleasesendraocopiesofall vourlate speeches,
and oblige, yours, very respectfully,
JAMES M. SWANK.
Baltimore, April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to forward a
copy of your recent, speech on the finances of the
country? Would not trouble you, but our papers
have very meager reports of congressional pro-
ceedings.  
With respect, D. M. NEWBOLD.
lion. Senator Sprague, Washington, D. G.
Philadelphia, April 20, 1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to send me a
copy of your great speech delivered a short time
ago? I see accounts of it in the daily press, and I
wish to read it and hand it to my friends.
Respectfully, F. W. KEELER.
Senator Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
New York, April 20,1869.
Honored Sir: Having read a synopsis of the first
of a series ofspeeches delivered by youin the United
States Senate, I would respectfully request to have
foi warded to me, if printed for distribution, one copy.
I am so pleased with the terse truths embodied m
your recent speeches, and so delighted with the bold-
ness wnh which you denounce the ruinous policy
being carried out by the fossils in Congress, that I
wish vou God speed m the live work you are per-
forming. You have my entire sympathy in your
efforts, and now that Uie alarm has been sounded by
you there is an awakening of the people to tlie dan-
gers by which they have been surrounded. Why,
Senator, efforts are being made in this city to sub-
vert our present iorm of government and tiansfoi m—
that is the woid they use—it into an autocracy. For
the furtherance of their purpose they have estab-
lished an organ entitled the Imperialist, whoso
principal con ti lbutors are the decayed remnants of
Joids, or flunky cousins ot lords, who affect to believe
that the transition from our present to another form
of government would be an easy one, provided, they
think, " mereh'i nts on!v were made rulers under the
pieserit form." A lew years since were such a prop-
oiiiion even hinted at it would be denounced as
II <. .«h >n; but now that the people are being crushed
bj taxation and special legislation they manifest *n
indifference in regard to politics, as the science of
government, from which they are aroused onlv by
such as you laying b-tre tho situation. Go on, then,
in the good woik. Your labor is not circumscribed
by Rhode Island. The whole country needs reno-
vating, and you aie in a position to effect it, for you
have staited aright.
With great respect, yours, trulv,
PETER S. DELANEY.
Senator Sprague, Washington, I). C.
Eastun, Pa., April 20.1569.
Dear Sir: YV ill you be so kind as to send me copies
of your late spccchos on the condition of the coim-
trv V
I am, veiy ic&pectfully, yoiu obedient servant,
F. A. PAGE.
Hon. William Sprague,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
Providence, April 20, 1869.
lion. William Sprngue . j
Reading of your intention to circulate printed i1
copies ot your recent speeches, I should be very ;!
thankful to possess a copy of the same. ,j
Youis, ttuiy, FRANK HOUR. !|
Willow Grove, Pa., April20,1869. j|
Sir: Will you he good enough to send ine a copy !|
of your speech explanatory of the resolutions offered !)
by you in the Senate? I tuli.v accord with you as to i]
the monopolizing tendency ot the times. Il
Veiy respectfully, DAVIL) NEWPORT.
Hon. William Sprague. j!
Greensijurg, Pa., April20. 1S69. |i
.My Dear Sir: Have the kindness to favor mo with i
n pamphlet copy of your late speech. !
I remain, wirh respect, very truly, yours, t
JOHN ARMSTRONG. 1
Jfon. "YWIiiam 2>pra?ue. :
N ew York City, April 20, 1869. i
Dial*  ^ir: I hear much controversy in relation to :
jour la te speeches m the United States Senate touch- j,
the tendency to monopolize all positions ofvalue j
and aume nil wisdom ou the part of certain pi o-
icsM'U's, and have read what appears to me as gar-
bled and one-sided versions of'your views. Will you
the*. <'fore favor me with your puolishcd copy?
It has heen my lot to bav" been situated somewhat
j-imilo; ly with youiself with reference to this kind
of i)icsumptu>n. although within a much more lim-
ited sphere—the scnateof this State—and can appre-
ciate and sympathize more fully perhaps than many,
and am therefore anxious to read your real views so
independently put forth.
Very respectfully, yours, R. II. WILLIAMS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Quidnick, R. I., April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: I see by the New York Herald that you
are preparing your late speeches in the United States
Senate for circulation. Will please send me a few
copies for myself and friends, and oblige, yours, truly,
JOSEPH G1SSON.
Hon. William Sprague.
Pittsburg, April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you please send me a copy of your
late speeches delivered in the Senate ?
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Pittsburg, April 20,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you have tho kindness to send me
a copy of your speeches delivered in the Senate in
the months of March and April, if they are in print
in such a shape that you can conveniently do so. I
have read extracts of them in our local papers, and
would take delight iu reading entire.
Yours, respectfully,
S. P. GAMBLE.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, _£>. O.
New Yosk, April 21, 1869.
Sir: Will you please send me a copy of your
speeches?
1 have this morning returned from a visit of a few
daysiu Rhode Island. I met there a great many
lawyers and others who take interest in political
matters. Of course the Journal people pitch into you
pretty severely, but there is a strong current in your
favor. Those whose sympathies are with the masses
are on your side. A nuuiber who have fought you
pretty hard at times say you arc right, and that you
will be sure to win. I hope you will. I know you
will unless your healtti tails or some unforeseen ac-
cident occurs.
You are right on three great questions—finance,
labor, and political corruption; and these are the
most important subjects which can occupy public
attention. Tholabor question isreceivmg the atten-
tion ot thinkers every where, and with the woikmg
classes of course it will take with tremendous effect.
I do not see how it can help con-rolling, to a great
extent, the politics of the country.
Excuse my writing so much, I meant but to ask
for a full copy of your speeches.
Hoping you may be able to "push things "with
your accustomed vigor, I am, veryicspecthiUy,your
obedient servant,
T. F. NEVILLE.
Hon. William Sprague.
P. S. I find people in New York quite gcnerally
and deeply interested, as they think your course it
persevered in—we who have lived in Kbode Island
do not doubt your perseverance—will result in the
organization of a new and powerful party which will
sweep everything. T. F. N.
Washington, D. C., April 21,1869.
Sir: I would be pleased to receive a copy of your
late speech, it it is printed. Also, a copy of the Uni -
ted States Official Register, il you have one at your
disposal.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. A. MOSS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Tipton county, Tennessee,
April 14, ltfb'J.
Dear Sir: Ifitbenot ill-timed I would be glad to offer
you some smail compliment on thepiaetiea), peace-
able tone of some ot your speeches recently delivered
in the Senate. What a blessing it would be to our
■whole country if public mon could rise above the
party prejudices ot the hour, and shape their legis-
lation in accoidance with the teachings of the early
lathers of the Republic, for the common peace and
welfare of all sections?
Hoping that you will excuse my intrusion, I remain
yours, respectluliy,
GEORGE A. TAYLOR.
Hon. Mr. Sprague.
Monmouth, Illinois.
Dear Sir: You will please send for distribution a
few copies of your late speech in the United States
Senate. Go forward in your exposure.
Most respectfully, T. HANNIN LEE.
Hon. William Sprague.
Hopkinsville, Kym April 15,1S69.
Dear Sir: Will you be so kind as to send to us some
copies of your speeches recently delivered in the Sen-
ate upon the condition of the country, <fcc. ? I am un-
able to more specifically identify them. The notices
of several speecheshaveattraeted ourattention. but
we have not seen any of the speeches m full. Sup-
posing them to have been published as usual, we
hope that wo are not too exacting in presenting this
request, especially as we do not know who else to
apply to. If convenient to ?end a copy of each, they
will be read with attention by many.
Presenting our respects, and our thanks for any
favors, I am, with respect, for myself and others,
yours, JOHN W. HAYS.
Hon. William Sprague.
Memphis, Tenn., April IQ, 1869.
Hon. Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C. :
Having read with pleasure some extracts from your
late speeches, will you please honor mo with copies
of tho same, and obligo, most respectfully, yours,
_ R. R. PITMAN,
St. Louis, April 10,1869.
Dear Sir: There are a great many of your admir-
ing friends here who arevery anxious to getacopyof
your great speech. Will you be kind enough to send
us a tew ?
And your humble servant will ever pray,
THOMAS LOUGHRAN.
Senator Sprague.
Indianapolis, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: Will you be so kind as to send me copies
of your recent speeches m the Senate, especially the
onedelivered while the repeal of thecivil tenure law
was under discussion? Many earnest men thinkyou
are doing a good woik in your denunciation of cor-
ruption and monopolies.
Yours, truly. JOHN OVERMYER.
Senator Sprague.
St. Louis, April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: I take the liberty of requesting a copy
of your late speech in Senate on tho condition of tho
country.
Hoping you will pardon this liberty, I am, very
respectfully, your obedient servant,
Hon. W. Sprague, United States Senate.
Nashville, Tenn., April 17,1869.
Dear S;r; You are a brick! You will confer a
great favor to one of your sincere admirers by send-
ing to my address a copy of your late speech in the
Senate of tho United States.
Very truly and respectluliy, F. M. PAUL.
Senator Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Edgefield Post, near Nashville, Tknn*.,
April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: You 'vill confer greatkindness upon the
writer by sending recent >>peeches delivered by your-
self in the United States Senate.
Very respectfully,  .
Senator Sprague.
Chicago, April 17,1S69.
Dear S;r: If printed, I should be pleased to receive
your late speeches delivered in the Senate.
Yours, truly, GEO. A. FARNUM.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C.
Savannah, Ga., April 17,1869.
Dear Sir: I am very anxious to read the speeches
recently delivered by you in the Senate, and will bo
much obliged, when they are^published, if you will
send me copies. Your attention will be highly ap-
preciated by, yours, most respectfully,
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, D. C
Charleston, S. C., April 18,1869.
My Dear Governor: I was pleased to know that
you were the recipient of such an ovation fiom tho
"rank and file," the voters of Washington, and was
also pleased with your speech upon that occasion. I
believe that tho workingmen of Rhode Island would
be glad to give you a rousing reception upon your
return to that State if your friends would only giva
them an opportunity. You will not only meet many
friends, but you. will also meet bitter enemies who
will fight with the desperation of dying men. In
ttieir frenzy they will make many mistakes, and they
will disclose their weak points. I should meet their
onslaughts with a bold and determined front, but
should not push the fight this summer. They will
fret and worry all the more if they fail to disturb
your equilibrium. It it r-> necessaiy for you to vin-
dicate the course which you have taken I know that
you will do it boldly and fearlessly, at the same time
giving them no advantage ot position.^
You will have many stories poured into your ears
by your would-be friends and your opponents will
use every artifice to ascertain your plans and move-
ments. These 1 would not disclose to any person at
present. The strength and ability of the enemy must
not be underrated. They vvill use every stiategy
which a long political experience has taught them,
and the " war will be to the knife, and the knife to
the hilt." They must be defeated.
I remain, your devoted friend, .
Lumbkrton, April 18,1809.
Sir: I have been requested by several to write to
you for some of your recent speeches for tho benefit
of those interested.
Yours, respectfully,    .
Hon. William Sprague.
