772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Philadblpbia, April 10,1869.
Sir: Will you please favor me with copies of your
recent speeches, and very greatly oblige, yours truly,
J. M. iuAxto.
Hon. William Sprague, Washington, V. C.
Lenox, Bekkshike county, Mass.,
April 13,1869.
Sir: Will you be so good as to send me a copy of
your speech recently made in the Senate, and to
which Senator Anthony attempted a replication.
It has, among my neighbors and friends, awakened
a deep interest, and is regarded as deserving great
and critical consideration. We concur in the views
and sentiments you have expressed so far as we have
examined them.
• Yours, most respectfully,  •
Hon. William Sprague.
Tremont House, Boston, April 11,1869.
Dear Sir: I cut the inclosed slip from the Com-
mercial Bulletin of last evening. .
Its silly ciiticism about" puerility and confusion,
&c., may be pardoned to the general sense of the
article. "Straws show which way the wind blows;'
and this is but an echo of what I hear m other
quarters.
Very respectfully, your very obedient servant
\jr. W. ij-LAilL-dj.
lion. William Sprague.
Petersburg, Va., April 10,1809.
Dear Sir: Our State being unrepresented in the
Congress of the United States, editors are dependent
for public documents upon the representatives of
other States. If perfectly convenient will you do me
the favor to place my name on your list as the recip-
ient of such documents as you may have at your dis-
posal?
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
HOLT WILSON.
Hon. William Sprague, TYa^liingfon.
?s?. 13— I send you a paperwith an article marked,
which may for a moment interest you.
PninnFLPHr a, April 10,1809.
Dear Sir: I will feel indebted if you will be kind
enough to send me copies ot your specn lies* in repaid
to the tenure-of-ollice bill and oil the state oi the
Yoars respectfully, G. (tREENE.
Hon. William Sprague, United States S*ii<tte.
Washington. Apr/112,1869.
Sir: A letter from a friend m Maine request me
to obtain some copies ot the speech delivered by you
in the Senate about three weeks ago. Will \ou please
favor me with eight or ten copies, or inlorm me
where they can be obtained ?
Respectfully, yours, <fce., L. W. TuLM AX.
Hun. "William Sprague,
Mitchell's Station.
cclpeper county, ya.. Apt 0 !?, 1vj9.
Mr. Sprague: I write to you to request thai you
will send me >our late speeches in the Senate. I
have only been able to see a synopsis of them. 1
want them to read mvself and pass around to friends.
I am sir, very lcapeetfully, yours,
that I may lay before you my thoughts in regard to
the. subject.
I inclose two printed sheets of mine as an indica-
tion of my principles. You may call to mind that I
was agent ot "The Right Way,'* formerly published
by Major Stearns, Boston, Massachusetts.
Respectfully, M. A. 0. BONNER.
Allentown, Pa., April 10,1869.
My Dear Sir: As an ex-member of the House, who
takes a deep interest in all public questions of the
day, and particularly in the one which you have
lately made the subject of several speeches upon the
floor of the Senate, I would thank you for a copy
of those addresses in pamphletform, presuming, of
course, that you have had them printed.
Your able and fearless denunciations of the cor-
ruption and degeneracy of our political men is at-
tracting the deserved attention of the country.
With high respect, your obedient servant,
H. C. LOI^NJSCKEIl.
Hon. William Sprague.
New York, April 10,1869.
Sir: One day last week I listened attentively to
your speech in the Senate upon the financial condi-
tion of the countiy, but at my seat in the gallery I
could not hear all your remarks distinctly, and I
; have not seen in the public journals any full and
: accurate report of the speech.
1 Although personally unknown to you, I trust you
■ will pardon the liberty I take m asking you to send
1 me a copy of the printed speech, and also of the other
' speeches lately made by you upon the same subject.
' Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
i J. A. MANNING.
| Hon. William Sprague.
I; Petersburg, Ya., AprillQ, I860.
!' HonoredSir* Willyou please forward a few copies
! of your addresses to the United States Senate? Tliey
!■ show manliness and indicate integrity. Their dis- .
!' tnbution and dissemination in this community can 1
j- not fail of securing a benefit to the Government and
i: the extension of the principles which you advocate. «
j' And the common serine shown in them will secure :
1 m my a willing car as well as of perusal by many j
j who have heretofore differed with you in political |
; sentiments. i
.I Most respectfully, yours, trulv
i Hon. William Sprague.
E. L. LUXSFORT).
Providence, April 12,1869.
Dear Sir: I see it reported that you intend to pub-
lish your speeches in uie Senate in a pamphlet loi m
for distribution. If such be the fact, I respectfully
ask the favor that you send me a package of the
same. I am oiten called to Massachusetts in my
business, and have been solicited by many to send
thorn copies if any are to be had. I have promised
so to do. All friends and foes acknowl^Jsre jou have
told truths, and no patriot can but say amen to what
> ou ha ve said, and God fcpecd you in > our good work.
It I have presumed too mucn in thus troubling you.
please excuse, your obedient :-cr\*ant,
Hon. William Sprague.
S vvannah, April 8,1809,
Sir: Some of my friends, both here and in Florida,
are anxious to procure a few copies of your late
speeches. Should you have any, by forwarding a
few to my address, the favor will be appieoiated.
\ oui s truly,  .
Hon. William Sprague, Washington.
Washington, D. C., April u, 1809.
Senator Sprague: I have felt for four years an
earnest desire to embark in an undertaking having
in view the verv large increase to the prosperity and
happine— of tne people of all classes.
M v thoughts have turned very often toward the
vounger Senator from Rhodu Island as the one who
would, if pioperU- approached, become the great
lever by which this great good could be accom-
plished
The many perplexing question5: of public interest
demanding-o large a -hztie ot your attention, and
the doubt as to my ability to approach thu Mibh-ctin
the manner most likely to accomplish good, without
giving any offense, have caused me to hesitate. Of
late you have come out boldly in favor ot the welfare
of the people, and this encourages me to ask the
favor of a few moments, at your earliest convenience,
ii Kingston, Somerset county. Mb.,
j' April —, 180!'.
■ Dear Sii : Will you be kind cnouyh to send a copy
!l ot j our -p^ecii delivered m the United States Seriate
about the 5th of April ? I have seen extracts from it ,
■ ' in the papers, and am so pleased with its logic, Arc., !
that Idesiietoaee a copy a whole. |
T Hin, vtiy lcspectf'uliy, youts, . ;
• Hon. Senator Sprague. ' :
i :
i1 PEfLRoUU^gt, "v a., Apt d 10,
Pear Sir: I a-k 'K\t is yours to giant' that you will ;
!' not forget to eau-e to be sent to me copies of your i
'! late speeches as soon as published in pamphletiorm. 1
1 send herewith a copy of a pamphlet I wrote in ;
■' May, 1803. !
!! O, snr, has morality deserted our councils? Are ,
i; there but a lew to struggle for the right? j
The coming hope, the future day, '
ij When wrong to right shall Dow, ;
I; Needs but a little courage, mau,
j! To make that future now.
I am, your fellow-Citizun,
Pv. R. COLLIER.
Hon. William Sprague, United States Scnutt.
Sr. Johnsbury, Vt., April 8, 1n39.
Dear Sir: Ibnvc^een onlv extractsof 3 out speeches
' in the United States Senate. I am anxious to see
j them entire. Will you do me the great favor to for-
' ward them to me? Did 1 know where else to obtain
, them without troubling you I would do so, but I do
i not. So tar a-> 1 have seen them I wish to thank you
! tor the moial couiage to piociaim the sentiments
; therein contained.
| Yours, truly, l'c.,  .
j Senator Sprague.
| New Yorf, April 12, i860.
| Sir: I most respectfully requett, it consistent and
! convenient, to tavor me with half a dozen copies or
le*s of vour -peecli recently delivered by you on the
floor of the senate. My being present at the time
gives mmi) the opportunity to question. I will
place them in hands that respect your honor and the
speeches.
1 remain your obedient servant,
H. E. VAN AltNAM.
lion. WilliamSprague.
Washington. D. C., April 12,
Dear Mr. Sprague: Can you send me, without in-
convenience, a few copies of your speech ? I like its
positivism, and have full faith the position you have
taken will culminate m honor to yourself and good
to the country.
I inclo-'- my comments published in ye^teidav's
Gazette. The article was inserted a.: " editorial,"
which I did not intend.
Receive my congratulations, and believe me, with
sincere regard, your friend,
Washington, D. C., April 13,1809.
Sir: I should be pleased to receive a copy of your
late speech in the United States Senate, if you have
any to spare.
If you have both speeches in pamphlet form I
should like a copy of each.
Respectfully,  .
Hon. William Sprague, United States Senator.
Lebanon, Tenn., April IS, 1869.
Sir: The many complimentary illusions to your
recent speech before Congress has led me to ask you
to please send it to me, and very much oblige, yours,
truly,
Hon. William Sprague,
Senator from Mkodc Island.
Newark, N. J., April 15,1869.
Dear Sir: Having read several extracts of your
speeches, I would like to have a few copies when
published, and oblige, M. X. BAXTER.
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 10, 1809.
Dear Sir: I will be greatly indebted to you for
copies of your speeches in Congress which have
thrilled the American people so much.
Yours, respectfully, W. K. NEWTON.
Senator Sprague.
New York, April 16,1809.
Dear Sir: Will you bo kind enough to send me two
or three copies of your recent speeches made in tha
Senate, and oblige one of your admirers?
Respectfully, yours, L. A. SOLOMONS.
Hon. William Sprague.
1 Phoenicia, Ulster county, New York,
| April 15. 1809.
! Dear Sir: Will you have the kindness to send me
1 your four speeches? I have read some extracts from
1 them, and am pleased with the sentiments. If you
i could send me twenty copies of each I will distribute
\ with pleasure.
: Respectfully, yours, A. H. BURHANS.
; Hon. Mr. Sprague.
Boston Highlands, AprilVb, 1809.
Sir: I ha\e the honoi to request copies of your
recent speeches, especially thu la-d one.
JOEL SEAMENS.
Hon. William Sprague.
! Baltimore, April 16,1869.
With great respect the undersigned solicit? from
i Hon. Mr. Sprague, a copy of the speeches recently
' delivered by him in the Senate of the United States.
JOHN M. BUCK.
Philadelphia, April 16,1809.
j Dear Sir: May I so far tux your kindness as tD ask
; the favor of a copy, if published in pamphlet form,
! of the brave words you have recently spoken in the
; senate? I believe the tumors of the body-politic
; call for a keen blade and firm hand.
i With con-ideration, I am, sir, vours. truly.
: E. E. BRATTOX.
■ Hon. William Sprague, United States Senate.
"West Chester, Pa., April, 15,1809.
I Dear Sir: Will you do me the favor to send me a
' few copies of your lato spceeh concerning the manu-
facturing interests of this country for di-trinunon
among my constituents? W. TOWN^EXD.
Hon. William Sprague, Sennte, Washington.
\ Petersburg, Va., April 10,1s09.
! Sir: I have read with profound interest the biief
notices which have appeared in the newspapers of
, your late speeches in the Senate in reference to the
condition of the country. I presume they u ill bo or
have been published in pamphlet form. May 1 beg
the favor of you to send mc a copy ol each of th<Mu?
Your obedient servant, W. T. JOYNES.
I Hon. William Sprague.
j Boston, April 7,1809.
| My Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to send me
I copics of your rccent speeches m the Senate upon
■ the condition of the country? I ha\e seen the ab-
stracts in the papers of the day, but place httly reh-
i ance upon them. Permit me to say that I am very
| glad that one man has had the independence to ri-o
1 in his place in the Semite and announce to the pro-
| pie the exact condition of the country in all it- rela-
' tions.
i Very truly, >ours, J. S. 11. Ff'litf.
I Hon, William Sprague.
' ka.st maitrfiiribln, ma.-. Apt tl 7, ison.
' Dear Sir: Will you bo kind enough to .-end mo
1 copies of j our reeent speeches m 1 h*• United States
; Senate, arid very much oblige one who belpwe« in
| the doctnnes you advance?
j Youis, very truly, CALVIN AMES.
1 Hon. Wiiinuu Sjm afeiu*.
