776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Rhode
Island will pardon me for making the sugges-
tion I am about to make. He is aware that we
have agreed to adjourn to-day. We have some
very important business in executive session.
I submit to my friend from Rhode Island
whether he will not be willing to continue his
remarks now and allow the extracts that he
designs to read to be incorporated in the report
of his speech without taking the time of the
Senate to read them in full, unless there is some
particular point which he wishes to present to
the Senate. By pursuing this course he would
enable us to get at our executive business, which
he undoubtedly is as anxious to have trans-
acted as I am.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desired simply to make
remarks touching some of the writers as I read
their letters. Further than that I did not in-
tend to go. I merely intended to offer them
as an off-set to the card that has been pie-
sented to the Senate, to show the testimonials
that I have received from the people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course it is a very
delicate matter for me to make any suggestion
to the Senator ; and I do it in kindness to him.
My suggestion went simply to this extent:
whether it would not suit his convenience just
as well to read only the particular portions that
he wishes to comment upon, and let the rest,
that he does not desire to make any special
remarks upon, but which he wishes to have
presented upon the record, go in print with his
speech? In thatway perhaps his remarks would
not occupy much further time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. To accommodate the Sen-
ate and husband their time, if they will by their
vote permit me to print these letters I will
forego any further reading of them. The let-
ters are very considerable in number.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sure the Senate
will do so.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If that be done I will
forego making any further remarks on the
subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am quite sure the
Senate will agree that the Senator shall incor-
porate the letters in his speech.
ThePRESIDING OFFICE.R. Is there any
objection to the proposal made, that the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island shall have leave to
print such extracts from letters as he chooses?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Such letters as I choose
to offer in connection with my remarks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If 110 objec-
tion be made that will be taken as the sense
of the Senate. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I shall have the letters
ready for the reporter, to be published in the
Globe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
Senator to have concluded?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir; I will not occupy
the time of the Senate longer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move that the
Senate^ now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. Before that is done, I
hope the Senate will allow me to say a few
words. ["No!" «No!;!] There are reasons
in my own mind why I should, and therefore
the Senate ought not to object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
epnsylvama will promise not to say anything
which shall call forth a speech from anybody
else m reply I shall have to yield. I
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly; I promise that. I
[Laughter.]
Mr. TR UMBULL. I know the Senator will
occupy but a few moments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, per-
haps, proper for the Chair to say that the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bkowni.ow] has
a few remarks placed in the hands of the Sec-
retary to be read. If it is the pleasure of the
Senator from Pennsylvania to allow those re-
marks to be read first, the Secretary will read
the remarks of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. CAMERON. Very weli.
The Secretary lead Mr. Browklow's speech,
as follows :
Mr. President and Senators, impelled by a
sense of duty, and what I know would be
desired by my immediate constituents, I have
some remarks to make in vindication of that
noble and gallant officer, Ambrose E. Burn-
side, who has been assailed on the floor of this
Chamber as wanting in patriotism and courage.
I disclaim any intention of seeking to inter-
fere directly or indirectly in the fierce contro-
versy which has been carried on for several
days past in this Chamber betweeu the hon-
orable Senators from Rhode rsl&nd. I have
listened to that controversy with much interest,
and have carefully considered the points at
issue. I have made up my opinion as to the
merits of that controversy, but, as I have said,
it is not my purpose or desire to become a
party to it. My sole purpose is to vindicate
General Burnside, and, with others on this floor,
do him simple justice.
Eastern Tennessee is composed of thirty-
one counties, and constitutesa little more than
one third of the State, being separated from the
rebel portions of the State by the Cumberland
range of mountains. The entire State gave the
Grant and Colfax ticket a majority of thirty-one
thousand, twenty-six thou sand of which majority
was obtained from my immediate constituents
in East Tennessee ; and had General Burnside
been on the ticket the majority in Bast Tennessee j
would have exceeded thirty thousand.
At the commencement of the war the Union
men of East Tennessee began crossing the
mountains into Kentucky ami enlisting in the
Federal Army until not less than twenty-five
thousand of them had enrolled themselves
under the Union flag as cavalry, infantry, and
aitillery. Several thousand of them returned
in triumph to their homes and families under
Burnside, and, establishing their headquarters
at Knoxville, threw the old flag to the breeze.
Burnside had about twelve thousand effective
men when the siege of Knoxville began, one
of the ablest of the rebel generals attacking
him with thirty thousand of the chivalry and
flower of Lee's army. That siege continued
three weeks, fighting more or less every day,
and frequently at night. So far from Burnside
exhibiting cowardice, his conduct throughout
showed that he was insensible to fear and
regardless of personal safety. His demeanor
throughout this trying ordeal was characterized
by coolness, courage, and good sense. His
supplies were entirely cut off and the city sur-
rounded by Longstreet's vastly superior forces.
Burnside's army was reduced to quarter rations
and parched corn, and many of the animals of
his army starved. The gallantmen from Rhode
Island who constituted a part of Burnside's
command, indeed the entire command, will
attest the truth of what I say.
But it will take the unclouded light of eter-
nity when it shall shine upon the doings of
the past to do exactjustice to the noble Burn-
side aud his army, many hundreds of whom
received their death wounds from Longstreet's
traitors and now sleep their last sleep in the
national cemetery at Knoxville.
In conclusion, in all frankness, I will say to
the Senate that no member of this body could
deliver a speech to an East Tennessee au-
dience and charge Burnside with cowardice
or want of patriotism without being roughly
handled. Indeed, there are patriotic women
enough there who have named their children
for Burnside to whale twenty such orators out
of the State with broomsticks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business. I have had a moment's
conversation with the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, and it will suit him just as well——
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to state what
the arrangement is. I have no desire to make
a speech, but I think it is my duty to say some-
thing about Genera! Rumside, and bis eomino- 1
here, and the battle of Bull Run. I was in a
situation to know more about that battle than
most persons. But at the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois I forego speaking now
with the understanding that I may be allowed
an opportunity to be heard this evening when
we meet after the recess; or if that opportu-
nity is not allowed to me in the hurry of busi-
ness, I ask permission of the Senate that what
I wish to say upon that subject I may be per-
mitted to write out and publish in the Globe.
Several Senators. All right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The request
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is that he
may be permitted to publish in the Globe the
remarks he would have made in regard to Gen-
eral Burnside. No objection being made, that
will be so ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. That is, provided I do not
get an opportunity to speak.
_ [Mr. C. not having an opportunity to speak,
his remarks as written out by himself are pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
remained in executive session till five o'clock,
when a recess was taken till half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The^ Senate met at half past seven o'clock
p. m. in executive session, and remained in
executive session till twenty minutes past eleven
o'clock p. m., when the doors were reopened.
pages and committee clerks.
Mr. ROBERTSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, aud agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be au-
thorized to pay the pages of the Senate during the
present executive session, and the clerks ol' the
several committees up to the 1st day of May next.
personal matters.
Mr. ABBOTT. I send to the desk to be
read words uttered to-day by the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Spiiague] as taken down
by the reporters.
The Secretary read as follows :
" Mr. President,in answer to the tirade of the Scn-
atorfrom Nevada andthe Senator from North Caro-
lina, I am reminded of another little illustration.
In my travels from the center here into the rural
districts, through the woods and farms of the sur-
rounding neighborhood, chance at one time brought
me to a farm house. I discovered on looking up a
large mastiff and a mongrel puppy dog. The little
dog moved on me with rapidity from behind, bit at
my heel, and frightened at his temerity ran howling
and crying away, followed by his larger companion.
The Senate will observe that the mongrel, whining
puppy, encouraged by the mastiff and emboldened
to make the attack from the shadow of his backer,
run rapidly away alarmed at his temerity, while the
overgrown cur follows after with ears lopped and
tad between his legs to a place of safety beside ins
diminished companion."
Mr. ABBOTT. When I arose in executive
session to ask that the doors be opened some-
time ago, I said that I did not intend to utter
anything unbecoming this floor. What I did
intend to do was to ask the Senator from
Rhode Island if he meant to apply the term
I!puppy'' to me, as is implied in the connec-
tion of that language ; and if he did intend to
apply it to me, my purpose was to ask him for
a retraction as full as the implication of the
language ; and if he refused that retraction,
my intention was to ask for satisfaction out of
this Chamber. I now, sir, give notice, inas-
much as that Senator has skulked out of the
Chamber, that I intend to have satisfaction
outside of the Chamber.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I rise to a
point of order.
Mr. ABBOTT. I desire to say 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts rises to a point of
order. The Senator from North Carolina will
take his seat; and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will state his point of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a point of order.
