APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Judicial System—Mr. Bwtler.
Ho. op Keps.
Judical System.
REMARKS OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
OP MASSACHUSETTS ,
In the House op Represektatites,
March 29, 1869.
The House having under consideration the bill
(s. No. 44) to amend the judicial system of the United
States-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker : I have listened with care and
attention to the well-put argument of my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerb ;] and if the objections
which he makes had the same validity to my
mind that they seem to have to his 1 think I
should agree that this bill was wrongly entitled.
But let us examine this bill. There is but
one substantial change proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, who, I maysay with-
out offense, I take it, have at two sessions given
careful attention to the proposed amendment.
The Senate bill was passed at the last session
after very grave deliberation, without any great
objection except that a new and different plan
was devised which antagonized this one, but
which met with no considerable favor. The
bill thus passed came before this House, and
was very fully and carefully considered by the
Judiciary Committee of the last House, who
reported it with such unanimity to this House
that it passed without debate and became a
law so far as the concurrence of both Houses
of Congress was concerned. But the Presi-
dent of the United States, for want of time to
consider it or for some other reason, did not
affix his signature to it, and it failed to become
a . . .
The bill was again introduced in the Senate,
in the Forty-First Congress, and was there very
carefully debated, and its provisions were an-
tagonized only by a new and different scheme
which, if adopted, would upset the entire judi-
cial system of the United States.^ But the
scheme did not find favor, and this bill was
again passed with very considerable unanimity.
The bill then came to this House and has been'
considered by the Committee on the Judiciary.
We have proposed to add to it one single sub-
stantial provision. The Senate bill provides
that in order to relieve the administration of
justice from the absolute block in which it
now stands in this country, because of the
want of judicial force to carry it on. that there
shall be nine circuit judges appointed/or the
several circuits, who shall do the business at
nisi priiis, or before the jury, in other words,
in the several circuits, in concert with the dis-
trict judges, when the judges of the Supreme
Court are not there. But as no judge ever
ought to sit upon the bench to decide ques-
tions of law who does not keep himself fresh
41st Cong. 1st Sik-.~-No. 1.
in the knowledge of those questions, by the
adjudication of those laws before the courts
of jury trial, the bill further provides that a
judge of the Supreme Court shall once in each
two years go into each circuit and hold at least
one term of the circuit court. The object of
that provision, as I understand, is to keep the
judges of the Supreme Court cognizant of the
living law as adjudicated in the several States.
This bill, it will be observed, does not at all
break into the judicial system of the United
States. It does not contravene that system
which has grown up under the judiciary act of
1789. I think I may say, without fear of suc-
cessful contradiction, that next to the Consti-
tution of the United States no such important
measure was devised by the men who framed
the Constitution as the judiciary act of 1789.
It established a judicial system which has now
become so well understood, so thoroughly in-
terpreted by judicial decisions, as to need as a
system no reform in any substantial particular.
Therefore, any measure looking to any mate-
rial change in that system would encounter, I
doubt not, as I think it ought to encounter,
the decided opposition of every member of
this House. The measure now before us does
not propose to interfere with that judicial sys-
tem ; it only adds judicial force to carry it out.
Now, I do not hear of any substantial objec-
tion to the provisions of the Senate bill. My
friend who has just addressed the House says
he hopes the Supreme Court will be so relieved
as to be enabled to do the business demanding
its consideration. That is simply impossible.
Those judges have been sitting with all dili-
gence ; and yet they are behindhand at least a
year and a half of actual work, and two or
three years, considering the time they are able
to give to it. The whole administration of the
laws as between party and party has become
ineffectual, for the reason that there are so
many new questions arising under our internal
revenue laws; there are so many new ques-
tions arising out of the late disturbed relations
of the country—and these new questions take
precedence, as must all questions affecting the
Government—that substantially all _the# time
of the court is consumed in the consideration
of these governmental questions; so that cases
concerning merely the interests of private par-
ties are necessarily postponed almost indefi-
nitely. Now, if we provide these additional
circuit judges, thereby relieving the supreme
judges from circuit duty, the latter can come
here in September or October and sit from
tbat time till June, thus clearing off their over-
burdened docket, so that there shall not be an
absolute denial of justice.
But there is another difficulty which the
Committee on the Judiciary have sought, to
remedy by the substitute we have proposed.
There are upon the bench estimable gentle-
men, good lawyers, able, upright, and honest
judges, who having served for many years find
their health and strength now failing under
the infirmities of age; and with them upon
the bench, in the immediate future, the court
will be almost deprived of a quorum for the
purpose of hearing argument or of consulta-
tion. Now, what do we propose? We pro-
pose to say to those judges that if on account of
failing health and strength they can no longer
give full attention to the duties of their high posi-
tions they are at liberty to retire from active
service without any forfeiture of pay. It may be
said that they can retire now. That is true.
We do not propose to compel them to retire ;
we leave them the same discretion in that
respect which they now enjoy. But if they
retire to-day their salaries cease and they may
experience poverty and want. Hence, under
our existing legislation, those judges have to
remain upon the bench for years after it would
be more economical to the Government to pay
them their salaries while retired from active
service than to compel them to remain upon
the bench because they may have, apart from
their salaries, no means on which to live.
The pay of these judges as fixed by Congress
is no more than adequate to their support day
by day. A good judge ought not to have his
attention diverted to any other business, and
therefore he has none of the avenues open to
him which are open to other men of making
money outside of his duties. If he is a good
judge—it being a rule with the judges on the
bench of high standing everywhere to attend
to their duties and to nothing else—therefore
he finds himself in old age without provision
for that old age. To show you how it operates,
let me say that some few years ago there were,
I think, nine judges of the district courts on the
bench whose average age was over eighty years.
Why? Because they knew they went tt> com-
parative poverty if they resigned.
Now, then, let us come to the important
question of economy. These men cannot be
compelled to do so, ought not to leave the
bench except by death or process of impeach-
ment. Now, which would be the better meas-
ure of economy : pay them their salaries off
the bench and pay another younger man to do
their duties on the bench, or pay them their
salaries on the bench and stop the whole judi-
cial work of the country so far as that bench
is represented ? Sir, I speak it with shame and
j confusion of face when I say that there was a
judge, one of the highest, most learned, and
faithful on the bench of the Supreme Court,
who gave thirty years and the best energies of
his life to the duties of his profession, who,
when he died, although no man ever accused
him of living extravagantly or even up to that
degree of social position which became the
standing of a judge, left his family destitute,
and they are to-day dependent upon the pre-
carious living that they can pick up by their
