1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction of Mississippi—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. of Reps.
ment concentrates in the game authority the
power of removal, let him show where under
this law the Pr*sident has any voice in or con-
trol over the ultimate act that accomplishes a
removal.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the Senate should
refuse to concur in an appointment by the
President, what then becomes of his power to
execute the laws ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate refuse to consent
to any nomination the office may remain vacant
and unexercised. But at all events the responsi-
bility would not rest upon the head ofthe officer
who did all in his power to execute the laws.
Now, I repeat that under the Constitution, in
n>y judgment, the power of removal is vested in
him to whom it is of some official consequence.
To the Senate it is of no consequence, save
as it concerns all citizens of the country to
have the laws executed. But to the President
it is of consequence, because not only is there
imposed upon him the duty of executing the
law, but over him hangs at all times the penalty
of impeachment and removal should he fail to
execute the law. If an officer commit a crime,
and the President tolerate him in office, who
would hesitate to condemn the President to
the punishment which the Constitution has de-
creed ? But if the Senate keep that officer in
power under this proposed law who can reach
the Senate ? Where is the power lodged that
can touch that body ? Faithless servants in the
Senate cannot be reached; a faithless servant
in the White House can. Individual Senators
may be impeached ; but when would two thirds
of the Senate, sitting as a court, convict for an
act of which a majority of the court must be
guilty ?
As a question of public policy it is of the
last concern to the people of this country that
the President should possess the power of re-
moval. Its value is in the summary character
of the remedy. In the hands of an honest
President the certainty and speed of its exercise
is the greatest preventive of official crime.
The President is the only sole representative
of the whole people. They lock to him as the
constitutional embodiment of their executive
power, and from his hands they demand its
exercise. They have seen enough of the ten-
ure-of-office act to know that while it may
sometimes keep good men in placeit may quite
as often be made a shield for bad men. Besides,
the simplest mind can see that its existence
must be a constantly recurring source of dis-
cord. Can it be possible that in organizing
this Government it was contemplated to estab-
lish a perpetual quarrel between two of its
branches. The President removes or suspends
a faithless officer, and behold here arises in the
Chamber of one of the branches of the Legis-
lature another power to interfere with that
removal. What then? According to the pro-
visions of this act the removed officer becomes
the prosecuted officer. The law appeals on his
behalf to the Senate. He surrounds that body
with every influence he can bring to bear, and
in substance puts the Presidenthimself on trial.
The officer seeks to show that the President
has been unjust. The President seeks to vin-
dicate his action, and the issue thus joined is
to be tried amid the blinding passions of party
prejudice. The Senate, if of a party opposed
to the President, will shield its partisans, and
party allegiance will cover frauds and even
crimes under the excitement of political strug-
gles. Can we not see that in the long future
of this country we are opening the door to in-
cessant turmoil and strife ? And what is there
in the judgment of the Senate to make it more
valuable to the country than the decision of
the President? The Senate sits and acts m
such eases under the seal of secrecy. What
reasons govern or what motives impel its ac-
tion may never be disclosed. It is free from
official and as well from individual responsi-
bility—for who can know how & majority is
made up unless the Senate chooses to disclose.
It is not directly responsible to the people,
who can reach it only by a circuity which is little
better than no popular remedy. Its true func-
tions-are legislative, and its duties in the proper
discharge of those functions ought not to be
interfered with by incessant strifes for the re-
tention of office. With these new powers it
will eventually become an oligarchy, acting in
secret and without responsibility, feared and
hated by the people, baffled as often as may
be by the President, and thwarted by its coor-
dinate legislative body. The laws it enacts will
be tainted by the passions excited by contests
over the possession of office. There is but
one sound rule on this subject, and that is to
confine the executive power to a single head,
as the Constitution has done, and hold that
head to a strict responsibility. I have never
seen this rule better expressed than is done
in the constitution of Massachusetts by the
hand of the elder Adams :
"In the government of this Commonwealth the
legislative department shall never exercise the exec-
utive and judicial powers or either of them; the
executive department shall never exercise the legis-
lative and judieal powers or either of them; the
judicial department shall never exercise the legis-
lative and executive powers or either of them; to
the end that it may be a government of laws and not
of men."
Our safety lies in adherence to this wise and
most salutary rule which the framers of the
Constitution intended to prescribe.
I wish to say a few words farther in respect
to this measure. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] concedes that this is a badly
devised act to accomplish the end which he
considers rightful. I would ask that gentle-
man, for whose opinion I have the highest
respect, why should this House, upon so mo-
mentous a question, consent to the existence
of a bad or even doubtful law ? He says that
this measure is so badly framed that with its
numerous complications it is difficult to tell
what it really means. Why, then, should we
not refuse to concur, since in all probability
through him or some equally excellent lawyer
we may, if we must have such a law, secure
one expressed in terms that can be compre-
hended. I am at a loss to see why the gentle-
man should be willing to inflict upon the
country an act which he pronounces incom-
prehensible.
I alluded when up before to the effect of this
act upon the provision of the Constitution in
relation to filling vacancies that may happen
in the recess of the Senate. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] in reference to
what I said, insists that this provision is lim-
ited to vacancies that occur through some
"accidental or fortuitous circumstance." His
argumentis based upon the limited sense which
he attaches to the words '' may happen." I do
not agree that those words present a mere ques-
tion of chance. I think their signification is far
broader, and is not limited to mere death or
resignation. Certainly the President may ap-
point if the vacancy happen by any occurrence
except his own act of removal. Who can dis-
pute that proposition ? But the act, asamended,
makes him a criminal liable to a penalty ot
$10,000 if he fill a vacancy which happens by
conviction for felony, which forfeits all civil
rights. Is the gentleman willing that such a
law should impend over the present Executive?
I know that gentlemen press upon the House
the circumstances under which the civil tenure
law was enacted. I am not here to discuss
those circumstances; but under the solemn
sanction of the oath I took on entering this
body I affirm my belief that under no condition
of things can an exigency arise that will justify
Congress in transferring the executive power
of the President to itself or to either branch
of the Legislature. It would be folly to bring
that power to this House, although we, like the
President, are the Representatives of the people
and directly responsible to them. But it would
be madness to give it permanently to the other
branch, and thus create an oligarchy, respons-
ible neither to the people nor to the President
nor to the courts nor to the States nor to this
House, nor even to themselves.
Reconstruction of Mississippi.
SPEECH OP HON. W. LAWRENCE,
op-ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
March 31, 1889,
On the bill (II. It. No. 147) to provide for the organ-
ization of a provisional government for the State
of Mississippi.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise for
the purpose of submitting some remarks in
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mi-.
Wood,] and in support of the bill now before
the House, as it came from the Committee on
Reconstruction. The gentleman in his speech
of Thursday last complains that the proposi-
tions and opinions advanced on the Demo-
cratic side of the House meet with no response.
I will not stop to inquire how well this state-
ment is supported by the published debates,
but he will agree with me, I think, that the
propositions and opinions advanced by the
Democratic side of Congress for the last eight
years have not only met with a response, but
with utter condemnation by a large majority
of the people of the country, and we should
therefore receive with great caution the advice
which he gives us now. He complains that he
is unable, as he says—■
"To make the slightest impression upon gentle-
men who are hero apparently for no other purpose
than to oppose everything that we favor."
Yet the gentleman has given us no plan of
reconstruction, and the whole purpose of his
speech is to oppose everything we favor.
Mr. Speaker, in order to understand the
necessity for this bill, we must bear in mind
the events which have followed the suppres-
sion of the rebellion, or rather the termination
of active hostilities in 1865. At that time a
State government was in full operation in Mis-
sissippi. It was the rebel State government of
the Jeff. Davis "confederacy." It had a con-
stitution framed in hostility to our national
Government, and requiring every officer of the
State to take an oath to support the hostile
confederacy. On the 10th of May. 1865, jthe
rebel Governor Clarke called an extra session
of the rebel legislature for the 18th, to order
a State convention. But this governor and
legislature suddenly cameto grief. They "rose,
thev reigned, they fell."
President Johnson by military power dis-
persed the legislature, deposed the governor,
and instituted a provisional government whose
governor appointed local,officers, and by proc-
lamation directed delegates to be elected to
a convention to "alter or amend "the State
constitution under which to organize a new
State government. I will briefly state these
events in the order of their dates. On the 21st of
May, 1865, Major General Canby telegraphed
to Major General Warren, commanding the
department, as follows:
" Ev the direction ofthe President, you will not rec-
ognize any officer of the confederate or State gov-
ernment within the limits of your command as au-
thorized to exercise in any manner whatever tne
functions of their late offices. You will prevent, by
force if necessary, any attempt of any of the legisla-
tures of the States in insurrection to assemble tor
legislative purposes, and willimprison any members
or other peibons who may attempt to exercise these
functions in opposition to your orders.
On the 13th of June the President, by
proclamation appointed William L. Sharkey
provisional governor, and directed him to coil*
vene a convention of delegates to <^er or
amend the constitution of tlie State s the dele*
gates to be chosen by voters qualified to vote
