1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41st Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Reconstruction of Mississippi—Mr. Lawrence.
Ho. of Beps.
life, and properly enforce the laws, and thus
give effect to the civil power.
But now the reasons which gave rise to some
of the details of the mode of reconstruction
thus far adopted by Congress have passed away.
Andrew Johnson has retired from office. An
honest citizen and soldier of the Republic is
President, and a convention of men, a large
majority of whom are loyal not only in legal
contemplation, liut in fact, elected bythe voters
of Mississippi, can be called together again to
aid in completing the work which remains to
be done in that State. It is evident that some-
thing must be done.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
has quoted in his speech a newspaper report
of an interview between the President and
certain citizens of Mississippi on the 24th of
March, whi^h among other things informs us
that—
" The President said there was no way for the
restoration of Mississippi except by the action of
Congress. To him the most feasible, the I east expens-
ive and the quickest way to restore the State seemed
to be to give the Governor of the State, who is also
the military commander, time to appoint all the offi-
cers under the recent law of Congress, then rPsubmifc
the constitution to the vote of the people, allowing
all to vote who are qualified under the reconstruc-
tion acts, and no others, Congress selecting such
articles as they deem necessary to be voted on sepa-
rately, without allowing them to affect the constitu-
tion as a whole. There were, he said, portions of the
constitution that might bo rejected, and perhaps
ought to be.''
The Chronicle gives a version of the inter-
view thus:
" Colonel Pierce said that the delegation had called
on him [the President]" * * * * "to
thank him for the good work he had already done
by removing GeneralGillem and appointing General
Ames to command the district." * * * *
"The President replied that he would do all he
eould to protect loyal men; thatGenoral Ames had
authority to appoint this class of men to office in
Mississippi, and he had no doubt he would do so as
rapidly as possible. He favored giving the provis-
ional governor power to remove and appoint all offi-
ecis. lie thought Mississippi should be reconstructed
as soon as this could be done on a loyal basis and
in such a manner as to give peace and quiet to the
people."
Mr. Speaker, 1 cannot see that the gentle-
man from New York has made any showing
against this bill by quoting that interview.
If it proves anything it proves what is un-
doubtedly true, two things:
First. That the officers of the provisional
government ought very generally to be re-
moved and others appointed in their places ;
and,
Second. That the constitution or some con-
stitution should be again submitted to a vote
of the people, which cannot lawfully be done
unless authorized in some form.
The purpose of this bill is to secure these
very objects.
Under this bill the convention is to appoint
a provisional governor; and by the fourth sec-
tion it is provided—
That the said provisional governor may remove
from office in said State any person holding office
therein, and may appoint a successor m his stead;
and may also fill all vacancies that may occur by
death, resignation, or otherwise, subject, however,
in all removals and appointments, to the orders and
directions of the President of the United States; and
the President of the United States may at any time
remove the said provisional governor and appoint a
successor in bis stead.
The members of the convention are neces-
sarilv acquainted with the citizens of the coun-
ties "they respectively represent, with their
wants, and thus they will be abundantly qual-
ified to select a provisional governor.
The essential purposes of this biil are con-
tained in section one,'as follows:
That for the better security of persons and prop-
erty ?n Mississippi the constitutional convention of
,"id State, heretofore elected under andm Pursuance
"Lfho^cftoassemble forthwithat thecapital ofsaid
"•Uate* and said convention is authorized to exercise
thJ following powers in addition to the powers now
authorized by law, to wit; to appoint a provisional
governor; to authorize the provisional governor of
said State to remove and appoint registrar and
judges of elections under said acts of Congrebs, who
shall not be voted for at elections within their own
precincts; to submit to the people of said State t\e
constitution heretofore framed by said convention,
either with or without amendments; to provide by
ordinance that the votes for and against said consti-
tution and for and a&ainst the clauses thereof sub-
mitted by this act to a separate vote, together with
the votes cast for and against all State and local
officers voted for under said constitution, shall be
forwarded to the provisional governor, by the judges
of election and shall be counted in the presence
of the provisional governor, the general command-
ing the military district of Mississippi, and such
committee as the convention may appoint for that
purpose; and it shall be the duty of said provisional
governor, commanding general, and committee to
make proclamation of the result of such elections;
to pass laws exempting a homestead not exceeding
$1,000 in value, and household furniture, mechanical
and farming tools, provisions, and other articles of
personal property necessary for the support of a
family, not exceeding $500 in value, from seizure or
sale upon process for the collection of debts; which
laws shall continue in force until repealed or modi-
fied by the Legislature to be elected under the Con-
stitution ; and to pass such ordinances, not incon-
sistent with the Constitution and laws of the United
States, as it may deem necessary to protect all per-
sons in their lives, liberty, and property: Provided,
That said convention shall not continue in session
for more than sixty days: And provided further.
That the districts unrepresented from any cause in
the convention at the time of its adjournment shall
at once proceed to elect duly qualified persons to
take seats in said convention. The election of such
delegates shall be held under the direction of the
commanding general in accordance with the provis-
ions of the act of Congress approved March 2,1867,
entitled "An act for the more efficient government
of the rebel States," and the acts supplementary
thereto; and certificates of election shall be awarded
to the candidates receiving the highest number of
votes: And provided also, That said convention may
submit any ono or more provisions of said proposed
constitution to a separate vote.
Now. what provision is there here to which
objection can be taken ?
The constitution has been rejected. Here is
a mode of changing it to suit the wishes of the
people without the delay and expense of elect-
ing a new convention.
Nearly all the local officers are objectionable
to the people. Here is a mode of removing
them and appointing others. The people are
oppressed with poll-taxes. Here in the eighth
section of the bill is a limitation on them, and
for one I would prohibitthem entirely if I could.
Legislation is needed to encourage the pur-
chase of homesteads for every family and to
protect those acquired from seizure and sale,
and provision is made for that.
In all its purposes, if notin jts specific modes
of accomplishing them, this bill is demanded by
the interests of the people of the State ; it is
in accord with, the views of the men who have
been true to the Union, and if it shall pass it
will secure reconstruction, bring repose, and
settle forever the controverted questions which
now distract the entire population and retard
their advance in productive industry. ^ _
There are two classes of people in Missis-
sippi opposed to this bill.
The rebels oppose it and the men who nil
the local offices of the counties oppose it. They
are too often, if not generally, in sympathy with
the rebels.
The gentleman from New York has told us
that:
"We are to consider, first, whether we shall revive
the convention. itbeingnow/tt cf«ff oj/tcio/ secondly,
whether in reviving the convention we.shall give
it large powers in addition to those originally con-
ferred upon it; and thirdly, whether we shall do
that which this bill provides for, give them perma-
nent possession of the State of Mississippi, as against
the popular vote, for a whole generation to come.
To this I answer we have power to revive the
convention, and must in that or some other way
provide for the adoption of a State constitution
and the organization of a State government
under iU ...
Under the power to guaranty a republican
form of government we could make a constitu-
tion here and say to Mississippi, That is your
constitution," and we eould provide tor organ-
izing a government under it. But it would be
an extreme necessity indeed that would justify
such a procedure. _ . .
If the people of Mississippi again sullenly
refuse to reconstruct a State government we
may be called on to consider the expediency
of reconstructing for them.
The only practicable and desirable mode now
to reconstrufct Mississippi is through a conven-
tion, and by a voto of the people on the consti-
tution which the convention may submit. This
bill proposes to try the experiment again.
The " large powers" which this bill proposes
to confide to the convention is a subject of
complaint. But what power is granted which
ought to be denied ?
Power must be lodged somewhere, and in no
hands more appropriately than those selected
by the people themselves.
But it is said this bill will give the conven-
tion permanent possession of the State for a
generation to come.
The convention can only sit for sixty days
under the bill, when its powers will cease. The
constitution they may submit to the people can
only give form to a State government when
approved by a vote of the people and by Con-
gress.
No speedier plan of reconstruction can be
successfully devised.
Let it be adopted, and I believe the govern-
ment it will establish will go into the hands of
loyal men and so continue for a generation to
come, and that is precisely the result which the
late rebels in Mississippi do not want, but
which all loyal men do.
The gentleman from New York complains
of the pay voted by the convention to its mem-
bers, and that its stationery was charged to the
convention at double its cost.
The stationery was bo'ught by a member of
the convention with his private means, because
the convention was unable to buy on credit, and
had no money at its command. The conven-
tion warrants sold at fifty cents on the dollar,
and payment was made in these:
Complaint is made as to taxes and the mode
of collecting them.
The convention levied taxes only for its own
expenses, abouttwo hundred thousand dollars,
one fourth of which remains uncollected, and
the residue was collected by order of General
Gillem, not by agents of the convention, but #
by the sheriffs of the counties, and the money
collected was disbursed by the auditor and
treasurer of the State under State laws.
The eighth section of the supplemental re-
construction aciof March 23, 1807, authorized
the convention to levy taxes to pay their com-
pensation and expenses.
This section is one whiqh I had the honor to
prepare, and was put into the law at my in-
stance, and it has saved more than a million
to the national Treasury.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. \v 00d,J
referring to the title of this bill, inquires :
" What right has Congress to organize a provis-
ional Government in a State
I answer the reconstruction laws have de-
termined that Mississippi is not a lawful cor-
porate State, and in order to execute the power
to guaranty a republican form of government
Congress may organize a provisional govern-
ment in the geographical State.
The gentleman says:
" The southern people mavhave erred. Have they
not suffered enough? Did you not free their slaves 1
I answer the southern people have suffered
nothing but the calamities they have brought
upon themselves. No man has suffered the
legal and judicial penalties of treason or rebel-
lion. Amnesty and pardon as broad as rebel-
lion have sacrificed justice and madetreason
as respectable as exemption from punishment
can make it. Confiscation is a dead letter,
and taxation consequent on rebellion tails
mainly on loyal people. ■ The rebels were no
sooner vanquished in the field than they^ sought
to rule the country^ which they tried in vain
to ruin. And now this bill simply proposes
in the spirit of statesmanship, with " malice
toward none, with charity tor all again to
