10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 9,
Ho. of Bbps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Kerr.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
the United States, might go to Indiana and
would carry with him, as a part of his citizen-
ship, the right to vote and hold office there as
soon as he should enter its borders; although
negroes in that State are forbidden by its con-
stitution to vote or hold office at all, and white
men who are citizens of other States can only
acquire the right to vote there after a bona fide
residence of six months, and to hold office after
a much longer residence. Yet this preamble, so
full of false insinuation and innuendo, assumes
these absurdities to be sound law, and would
overthrow the government of Georgia because
its people and courts do not believe them.
But Georgia on this and all other questions
of doubtful or mooted construction is willing
to abide by the decision of the courts. This
very Legislature, by a large majority, so de-
clared, and desired to submit the question for
judicial determination to the supreme court
of that State, a tribunal organized under the
policy and dictation of Congress, and presided
over by the political followers of Congress.
The Governor of the State, the unnatural per-
secutor of his own people—no, not his own
people, but the unfortunate people over whom,
by virtue of the outrageous machinery of con-
gressional reconstruction, he is enabled to
dominate—vetoed the resolution designed to
secure this judicial settlement of these disturb-
ing questions. He did this, without doubt,
because he wanted no decision, but rather a
pretext on which to appeal to Congress for
further interference and oppression, to the end
that he might renew his hold upon office and
plunder.
In time, however, a case arose in one of the
superior courts of the State which afforded an
opportunity for a decision upon these questions.
A few weeks ago such a decision was made by
an exceedingly intelligent judge, sustaining the
views I have stated and fully vindicating the
conduct of the Legislature. Let it be remem-
bered here that the resolution expeliing the
colored members was not adopted by a partisan
vote, but by the votes of members of both parties.
I have said that colored men arc not entitled
under the laws of Georgia to hold office, and
1 will now read From the decision referred to,
rendered by Judge Schley, so much as relates
to that branch of my inquiry :
"Thisdisposesof the provisions of the Constitution
bearing upon this question, and we are brought finally
to the statute laws of Georgia. Do they confer on the
colored citizen the right to hold office ? The code,
winch was adopted by the constitution as law, divides
the natural perso> sin Georgia into four classes: citi-
zens, residents not citizens, aliens, and persons of
color. It says that among the rights of citizens are
the elective franchise and the right to hold office.
And as the constitution has made persons of color
citizens, it is insisted, as_ a necessary consequence,
that they have all the rights which were given to
citizens as they were defined when the code was
passed, and afterwards adopted by the convention.
But we have seen that persons of color, before the
adoption of the code, had no political rights. We
havo seen, also, that political rights are not conferred
by implication of law, and that the removal of one
disability does not include the removal of any other,
unless the one removed be the greater. Citizenship
was first conferred. That did not remove necessarily
the disability as to the elective franchise; for if it did
so for the person of color—who, by the classification
given above, ranks lower in the State than white
lemales, who were citizens—it must, a fortiori, have
removed that disability from all females.
If declaring a negro to be a citizen made him a
citizen m the sense intended in the code, all females
and all minors are likewise clothed with the elective
franchise and the right to hold office; if they are not,
then the constitution, by making persons of color
citizens, elevates them above white females and
minors. But will it be pielended that females can
vote or hold office in Georgia? Can the conclusion
be avoided, however, if the monstious construction
be put upon the code whereby the lowest class of
natural person^, and who rested under every dis-
ability before the constitution was adopted, are re-
lieved of all disabilities by the grantof mere citizen-
ship, the want of which w.is the ieast of his disabii-
ities?_ If the convention intended to give this con-
struction, why did they, by positive enactment, go
one step further, and confcr the right to vote on per-
sons of color'/ If citizenship gives the right, why
confcr it in express terms9 If the convention con-
quered that this right to hold office was conferred
by the code, as incident to citizenship, why wus not
the right to vote also considered'! And if .-o, why
expressly confcr the less right and remain silent as
to the greater right? If the constitution had given
in express terms the right to hold office, the silence
as to the elective franchise would have been proper,
not to say logical, because the right to hold office
necessarily carries with it the right to vote. I can
put no other construction on this action of the con-
vention than that they meant to give only such
rights as arc given-in express terms. And this con-
clusion is made certain by the record of their pro-
ceedings, which shows that they by solemn vote re-
jected the amendments which were offered to give
the right to hold office to persons of color. If, then,
we are to be controlled by the express grant of polit-
ical rights in our constitution to persons of color, the
right to hold office in Georgia doesnot belong to any
person of color."
This case has been appealed to the supreme
court of the State, and its decision will be final,
and in good faith the Legislature of the State
will accept it and abide by and execute it, both
in the State at large ana in their own body.
To this course they are solemnly pledged, and
Governor Bullock and all his coconspirators
against the peace and prosperity of the State
well know that they will redeem that pledge,
and that is just what they do not desire to see
accomplished. Bullock and Foster Bloagett, a
man of infamous notoriety, want to keep Hill
and Miller, who were legally elected to the
United States Senate from Georgia, out of
their seats, and by fraud and oppression, aided
by the power of Congress, to which they appeal,
to secure theirownelectionsasSenators. These
opinions are based upon the testimony and
admit of no doubt. In pursuance of the same
wicked and selfish policy, and to inflame and
deceive Congress, this same Governor con-
spired to defeat the ratification by the Legis-
lature of the fifteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and did defeat
it by Radical votes and management. My
authority for this is the leading Radical paper
of the State, the New Bra, edited by Samuel
Bard, who disapproved and denounced the
conduct of Bullock.
It is further alleged :
"And admitted thereto other persons, not receieian
a majority of the votes of the people, in their places/'
This is true, and I admit it. But should
Congress thus reproach Georgia? It has been
the common practice of this House for years
past to admit to seats here the minority can-
didates in every contest in which the majority
candidate was a Democrat. On this principle
the House admitted McKee, Delano, Ander-
son, Washburne, and others, and now proposes
to admit Sheldon, Hoge, Wallace, Myers,
and others, not only without law, but in defi-
ance of law and justice. It is refreshing to
hear this principle rebuked by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] When he
has done with the persecution of Georgia—
and may God grant that that time shall speedily
come—I trust he will then direct his batteries
against tlie same vice in tliis House. It demands
remedy. It has many times disgraced the
House and country. I most heartly join him
in condemnation of this practice. It can only
be tolerated where it is done in obedience to
preexisting laws or constitutional require-
ments. This is the case in Georgia, and this
fact supplies the sufficient answer to this charge
against her Legislature. The same rule is pre-
scribed in the constitutions of Indiana, (14
Ind. R., 93,) Michigan, and other States, which
require that votes cast for persons ineligible
to be voted for or to hold office shall be counted
as nullities and the offices given to the next
highest candidate. Why not take charge of
those States, subvert their governments, con-
vene some defunct Legislature, under some
corrupt and place-hunting Governor, and re-
quire their constitutions and laws to be changed?
You can as well do one as the other. There
is no warrant for either. In these matters the
States must be left to judge for themselves.
The preamble farther says :
/'And whereas it appears that the local authori-
ties m .-aid State are wholly unable or unwilling to
prot'et the lives, hbeities, and property of lawful and
vnotfendinq citizens of the said State from lawless
violence, and icfi.iin purposely orfiom ico.nt.of power
from bringing such offenders to justice."
This is a grave charge to make in this con-
spicuous way against a whole State and its
civil government. It should not rest upon
mere rumor or_vague statements of interested
parties or malignant slanderers and oppress-
ors. I have examined the testimony taken by
the committee and printed to ascertain if the
charge is proven or is gratuitous. The testi-
mony shows that sometimes disorder prevails
and violations of the peace occur, and occa-
sionally crime is committed. But that these
conditions exist iu Georgia, or disturb its soci-
ety or affect the safety of its citizens or the
administration of justice to the extraordinary
extent indicated iu this charge, is absolutely
unsustained by the evidence ; and the evidence
affords it so trifling a basis of truth to rest
upon as to render it cruel, unjustifiable, and
grossly libelous.
The foundations of society and the safe an-
chorage of tlie people in moral principles have
been p"eatly disturbed in all parts of our coun-
try during the last decade. Civil war, in many
of its unavoidable influences and results, is
destructive of the best interests of society,
gives license to vice and lawlessness, and leaves
behind it diminished civilization, less influen-
tial Christianity, and loosened regard for law,
liberty, or the rights of persons and property.
Throughout our country, and especially in the
unhappy States of the South, these great mis-
fortunes and evils have been intensified and
aggravated by the unwise and revolutionary
interference of Congress in the affairs and local
governments of the States, itself setting the
example of lawlessness by habitually disregard-
ing and violating the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States whenever its limitations stand in
the way ofits partisan policy and purposes. Its
whole programme of restoration is a lasting,
cruel,and shameless witnessof whatl say. By its
very viciousness and injustice it has naturally
attracted to the South swarms of unscrupulous
and wicked men, who hope to reap its harvest
of ill-gotten and usurped offices and power,
and with the aid thereof and the assured sup-
port of Congress to rob, plunder, and oppress
the people. It is from this infamous brood of
political vultures that this outcry and indisciim-
inate accusation against the people of Georgia
comes, and of this class is the man who is now
the Governor of that State, R. B. Bullock, who
is a malignant slanderer and persecutor of his
own people, and may be daily seen upon this
floor whispering his cruel and selfish sugges-
tions of falsehood and suppressions of truth
into the ears of members.
The false charges contained in this preamble
were no doubt chiefly inspired by Mr. Bul-
lock. Hon. Nelson Tift, late a member of this
House, a true and upright man, after these
statements had been made to the Committee
on Reconstruction, addressed a circular letter
to nearly all the officers of that State of any
prominence, and to many others. I ask atten-
tion to an extract from that letter. It reads:
"My object in this communication is to place your
testimony before the Reconstruction Committee,
which will meet here January 5, 1869, and subse-
quently, if necessary, before Congress:
1. Are the lawsof Georgia faithfully andimpar-
tially administered?
" 2.1s there any organized or unorganized rosistance
to the law?
"3. Are the officers of the law faithful to their
duties?
"4. What is the disposition, feeling, and treatment
of the white people toward the black people ?
j 5. What toward Republicans?
"0. What toward northern men visiting or desiring
to^ettle in Georgia?
"7. Do the people desire peace and a restoration of
their proper relations to the State and Government
of the Union?
" 8. Is there, in your opinion, any necessity or justi-
fication for the proposed destruction of the present
government of Georgia and the establishment of a
military or provisional government?
"Please answer as early as practicable.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
"NELSON TIFT."
I also ask attention to another extract from
the reply of Mr. Tift to the slanders^>f Gov-
ernor Bullock and others, because it indicates
