1869;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
..stterthan I can state it the information elicited
by the replies to his letter. I read:
"Of those who sent answers to my circular two
arc judges of the supreme court, four judges of the
superior court, the State treasurer, sixty-eightjudges
ot the court of ordinary in as many counties, eleven
mayors of cities, six clerks of superior courts, nine
sworn statements, one United States assessor, and
others—making one hundred and eight persons, one
hundred and seven of whom agree in all essential
particulars in opposition to the policy advocated by
Governor Bullock and in denial of the statements
made to Congress which were intended to show that
his policy was necessary. I stated my opinion that
these witnesses of the truth were chiefly Republicans.
Governor Bullock thinks I am mistaken. It may be
so., I_know that they represent all shades of political
opinion—extreme Republicans, moderate Repub-
licans, recoBstruetionists, original Union men, and
Demociats; but what is more important is, that with-
out the possibility of preconcert they are in general
agreement as.to the facts, and their veracity is unirn-
peached.
" In closing this review of Governor Bullock's let-
ter, I confess with sorrow the humiliation I feel in
the necessity which makes it my duty, as a Repre-
sentative, to defend the people and State of Georgia
against the slanders and machinations of her Gov-
ernor. Whatever may have been the motives which
dictated his course, instead of acting as the guardian
and defender of her rights, her honor, and her inter-
ests, as duty and manhood required, he has been
foremost among her defamers and the chief enemy
of ber peace and prosperity.
"The order and comparative prosperity which now
exist in Georgia are due to the wisdom, moderation,
and forbearance of her people. They believe that
truth and justice will yet prevail, and their rights
nsa State in the Union be recognized and respected.
" V"ery respectfully, your obedient servant,
••JStELS03ST TIFT."
The conclusion of this preamble is not less
remarkable than the parts I have considered.
It reads:
"Whereby it fuliy appears that the people of the
State of Georgia have not complied with the terms,
or conformed to the principles upon which its resto-
ration was provided for. and that the government
thereof isnotinfaotrepublicanor regular: Therefore."
Congress, in the act of J une 25, 1868, declared
that the government of Georgia is republican,
and now it is proposed to declare that it is not
in fact republican or regular. Thus Congress,
in the absence of Georgia, her people and Rep-
resentatives, proposes to act as a supreme tri-
bunal, clad in transcendent power, legislative
and judicial, and to decide that the government
of a State in this Union "is in fact not repub-
lican or regular." And yet the people are
not alarmed. If this is not a direct attempt
to overthrow and destroy the very foundations
of self-government and of representative insti-
tutions then I confess my inability to compre-
hend human language or motives. Under the
shallow and deceitful pretenses set forth in
this preamble Georgia is to be the victim to-
day. In her humiliation you will establish the
precedent. Her circumstances in fact and law,
with reference to the powers of Congress, differ
immaterially from most of the other States.
This proposition foreshadows the Radical the-
ory of the power of Congress to guaranty repub-
lican governments to the States. I have many
times since my service in this House begun been
impelled by deep convictions of duty to warn
the country against this revolutionary dogma.
It is time the people should reflect and arouse
from their fatal indifference. I sometimes
fear that an incurable disease or a judicial
blindness has possessed the minds of the peo-
ple. 'Their greedy pursuit of mere personal
ends, or the too great extent of our great coun-
try, or the lost dignity of the States, has de-
stroyed the capacity of the, people to guard
their own rights or sympathize with others in
our own country whose rights and liberties are
in peril.. They forget, I fear, the very defini-
tion of liberty. I must therefore recall to their
memories the words of Webster:
"The spirit of liberty is indeed a bold and fearless
spirit; but it is also a sharp-sighted spirit; it is a
e.iuUous. f'ii.#uok)U>, diseiiiuiiiciting', tar-seeing intel-
ligence; it is ieaious of encroachment, jealous ot
i.owor, jealous of man. It demands checks; it seeks
toy puM'h; it iusUts on securities; it intrenches Use f
behind strong defences, and fortifies itself with all
miSfibie care against the assaults of ambition and
nation. It does not trust the amiable weaknesses
of human nature, and therefore it will not permit
poi\crto oveistep its pre&eribcd limits, though benev-
olence, good intent, and patriotic purposes como
along with it."
Mr._ Speaker, I beg attention now to a brief
examination of the different sections of this
bill:
Beit ena.ct.ed, Thai the Governor of the State of
Georgia be, and hereby is, authorized and directed
forthwith by proclamation to summon all persons ap-
pearing to have been elected to the senate and house
of representatives of said State by the proclamation
of Major General George G. Meade, commanding the
military district including the State of Georgia, dated
J une 25, 1B68, to appear at a day certain, to be named
in said proclamation, at Atlanta, in said State, within
six months from the passage of this act; whereupon
the members of said senate and house of represent-
atives Qualified as hereinafter provided bhaU assemble
on the day named and organize their respective houses
under the constitution of the State of Georgia and the
laws of the United States, and then shall be invested with
authority to make such enactments and have such legis-
lative proceedings as are authorized by the laws of the
United States and the constitution of the Slate of Georgia.
It must not be forgotten that the functions
of the Legislature under the constitution and
laws of Georgia have been exhausted, and the
body has adjourned without day. But this
bill proposes to clothe Governor Bullock with
extraordinary powers not derived from the con-
stitution or laws of Georgia, which he has
sworn to support, and whose chief executive
officer he is, and in this way to revitalize the
defunct Legislature, and then to confer upon it
like extraordinary powers, quite independent
also of the constitution of Georgia, which each
member has sworn to support, and to make
the Governor and Legislature so invested and
inspired the agents or tools of Congress to do
its bidding and enact such measures as the
fears or the corrupt interests of the party
appearto demand. This Legislature can obtain
no rightful powers or functions except from
the constitution of Georgia ; but this bill says
they " shall be invested with authority to make
such enactments and have such legislative pro-
ceedings as are authorized by the laws of the
United States."
This kind of legislation has no precedent.
Congress attempts to appropriate the govern-
ment of a State to its own uses and to take it
from the people of the State, to dissolve its
obligations and responsibility to them, and make
it the instrument for their injury and oppres-
sion and to accomplish the Utopian schemes
or unrighteous aims of individuals. There is
no more warrant for this thing against Georgia
than against Massachusetts. The people of
Georgia, prostrate at the feet, of Congress, pro-
test, remonstrate, and cry aloud against it.
Massachusetts hears not her cry and cares not
for her agony. * But if this great wrong is ac-
complished, on her skirts will abide the chief
odium and guilt, and ere long the poisoned
chalice may bo presented to her own lips, for
it is said,
"Even-hand justice
Commends the ingredients of our poisoned chalice
To our own lips."
The next section provides :
That when the persons so elected to said senate
and house of representatives shall be convened as
aforesaid, each and every person claiming to be
elected as a member thereof shall take and subscribe
the oaths of "tjice prescribed by law for officers of the
United States, and by the constitution and laws of the
State of Georgia, before the district judge of the
United States tor thedistrict of Georgia, who is hereby
authorised to administer the same, and file the same
in the office of the secretary of the State of Georgia,
unlessthedisabilityof suchpersonso to do shall have
been removed by act of Congress, which oaths or
affirmations shall be recorded by the secretary of the
State of Georgia; and the originals or a copy of tho
record thereof, duly certified by tho said secretary of
State, shall be competent cvidenco; and every person
claiming to be so elected who shall refuse or decline
or neglect or be unable to qualify himself, as above
provided, shall not be admitted to a seat^n the sen-
ate or house of representatives of said fetate, or to
participation in the proceedings of either ot them,
but shall be regarded as ineligible. And any false
swearing in taking either ot said oaths may be
punished as perjury, under the laws of the Lnited
States before the district court tlieieof.
It would be vain to ask any gentleman to
point me to any authority tor the enactment
of this section, for none exists. Congress
never required any other reconstructed State
either to enforce or to adopt any such test-
oath. None ever did adopt or enforce' it in
the organization of its Legislature. The Con-
stitution of the United States requires the
members of State Legislatures and all execu-
tive and judicial officers of the States to bet.
bound by oath to supportit. This constitutional
requirement executes itself, and is in Georgia
and all the other States literally obeyed, and
needs no legislation. Congress has no power
to require any other or additional oath to be
taken by any State officers. It would be an
alarming and.unwarrantable intermeddling for
it to attempt atiy such thing., If it can pre-
scribe any test-oath or expurgatory declara-
tion of any kind to be made by officers of a
State in addition to the one required by the
Constitution of the United States, then its own
discretion is its only law, and it can dictate
and require such oaths as it pleases, although
they might absolutely disfranchise nine tenths
of the citizens of any State. Additional oaths
of office may be required by the States to be-
taken by their own officers or citizens; but to
suffer Congress to possess such power would
be to put the States and the rights and priv-
ileges of their citizens at the mercy of the Uni-
ted States.
The dangerous tendency and the inevitable
abuse of such power are distinctly foreshad-
owed in this very section. Congress assumes
in it to declare that no person " who refuses,
declines, neglects, or is unable to take the test-
oath, shall be admitted to a seat in the senate
or house of representatives of said State, or
to participation in the proceedings of either of
them, but shall be regarded as ineligible."
These devices could easily be so shaped as
absolutely to control the organization of any-
State Legislature or government in the Union.
They could be made to work intolerable hard-
ship and subvert any free government on earth.
It is impossible that the architects of any gov-
ernment, not itself a despotism, would admit
into its framework such an element of tyranny
and death.
The next fiat in this abominable bill is alike
lawless and impudent:
That the attempted expulsion of the members of
the senate and house of representatives of the State
of Georgia heretofore had, on tho ground that the*
were of African descent, is hereby declared void.
Congress might with as much right and
decency declare the election by any State
Legislature of United States Senators to be-
void, because the men elected did not belong
to the Radical party or to the loyal league-
As I have shown, the statement is false, but
falsehood is always the cover or apologist for
wrongdoing. I have already stated that this-
whole dispute about the eligibility of colored
men to liold office in Georgia involves a judi-
cial question only. Yet this Congress here pro-
poses to exercise judicial power and set asides.
the courts and render a judicial decree vita.lly
affecting the organization of another legislative
body. This is a palpable invasion of the most
sacred and delicate prerogative of a State, and
demands the indignant condemnation of every
State in the Union. .
But the crowning infamy of this bill is in the
following section:
That whoever shall exercise or claim to exercise-
the powers and dutios of any office, either legisla-
tive, executive, judicial, or administrative, being
disqualified by law from holding office under the
United States Government because ot participation
ill any manner in tho late rebellion, or who shall
have exerciscd the dutios of any office or public sta-
tion where by law he was refjuired to take an oath-
to support the Constitution of the United States and
thereafter engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or gave aid or eon' fort to
its enemies, or rendered voluntary or involuntary-
support or aid to any insurrection or rebellion,
against the United States, or hold any office under,
or gave anv Mipport to any government ot any kma
organized in hostility to the bmted frtates, or levy-
' in* war asrainst the United btates, unless he shalt
'< have been relieved by act ot Congre^, as provided.
: bv section three of the fourteenth amendment to
j the Constitution of the United States, from the dis-
| ability thus incurred, &h.all he punished, oa 'xmvic-
