12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ho. of Reps.
[April 9,
Reconstruction—Mr. Kerr.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
tion before the district court of the United States,
by imprisonment for not less than one year n : r
more than five years, and in addition be forever dis-
qualified from holding any office of honor or profit
under the laws (ff the United States.
It would be difficult to conceive a propo-
sition, or a combination of them, that is more
lawless and cruel. It is pretended to be framed
to enforce the third section of the fourteenth
amendment. You have heard that read and
remember its provisions. This proposition in
many most important respects exceeds any
authority contained in that amendment or in
any portion of the Constitution of the United
States. I will point out some of tliese excesses.
1. The fourteenth amendment disqualifies no
one to hold office in any State except persons
who had been members of a State Legislature,
or executive or judicial officers of a State and
then participated in the rebellion. These
officers are well defined, and not very numerous
in any State. But this bill denounces its bar-
barous punishments not only against them, but
also against any persons who "shall exercise
or claim to exercise the powers and duties of
any office." That includes the great number
of inferior and administrative officers of the
State, county, township, or city, and makes
this bill prescriptive beyond any precedent in
any civilized nation.
2. It is in terms an ex post facto law, that
is, a law passed after the act is done ; and is,
therefore, unconstitutional and vicious, because
it not only proposes to punish and proscribe
those who may hereafter hold the forbidden
offices, but also those "who shall have exer-
cised the duties of any office or public station."
The common sense and instinctive justice of
all mankind unite to condemn all such laws,
and all conscientious judges refuse to enforce
them. The framers of our Constitution forbade
them to be made. But since "the will of the
people," alias the will of Congress, has become
the supreme law, the Constitution counts for
nothing.
3. The fourteenth amendment attaches the
disability only to such of the specified officers
as "shall have engaged in insurrection or re-
bellion against the same, (the United States,)
or given aid or comfort to the enemies there-
of," that is, to such as have committed treason
against the United States. As this amendment
was adopted since the rebellion and is penal
in its character, I do not believe it should be
held to have any retrospective effect whatever.
But this bill directs its cruelties against all the
officers to whom I have referred who " engaged
in insurrection or rebellion against the ifnited
States, or gave aid or comfort to its enemies,
or rendered voluntary or involuntary support
or aid to any insurrection or rebellion against
the United States." I do not believe the his-
tory of human laws furnishes many examples,
if indeed it does a single one, of attempts to
make acts criminal which were committed in-
voluntarily, with no power of will or choice in
the actor, and then to punish the actor on con-
viction by from one to five years' imprison-
ment and perpetual disfranchisement. In acts
committed involuntarily it is impossible in the
nature of the human mind that there can be
any guilt or moral turpitude whatever. For
what, then, can such persons be punished ? It
can only be for their misfortunes or for the
conduct of others committed through them as
involuntary instruments, and in which it may
be they have already been cruelly wronged,
ior example: a quiet citizen, a loyal man,
or a Union soldier, may have been overtaken
by the public enemy, and by irresistible force,
or by such threats and imminent danger to life
as amount to force, may have been stripped
naked in order to supply garments for a rebel
soldier, or may have been deprived of his
horse to be used by rebel cavalry, or of his
money to purchase subsistence for them. Yet
for all these acts this bill proposes that he
shall be inhumanly punished, rendered infa-
mous, and forever disfranchised. This non
strous law would find victims not alone in
the South but in many of the border loyal
States—the sufferings and losses of many of
my own constituents, and others in Indiana,
Ohio, and Pennsylvania, during the Morgan
raid, and other invasions in which thousands
were by the public enemy compelled involun-
tarily to contribute " support and aid" to the
rebellion. Besides, this section in legal effect
applies to the whole country, and it attempts
to reverse the principle of universal justice that
requires one of the elements in every crime to
be a criminal intent. , The horrible and merci-
less character of this provision must strike the
mind of every man with deep disgust, and needs
no further analysis.
_ 4. This section contains the further denun-
ciation of all its penalties against all persons
who " held any office under or gave any sup-
port to any government of any kind organized
in hostility to the United States, or levying
war against the United States." Every gen-
tleman can see at a glance that this provision
has no scintilla of authority in the fourteenth
amendment, except to the extent which I
have already indicated. The rebel States were
governments, and they were organized in hos-
tility to the United States, and some of their
people levied war against the latter. Now,
under this section every person who ever held
any of the offices described in it—and I have
shown that they embrace all the most inferior
and numerous classes of officers in each of
the States—and then rendered "any support
to" such rebel State government, is liable
to these penalties. Yet it is known to every-
body that nearly all the citizens of those States
during thewar rendered either active orpassive
support to their governments, submitted to
and paid taxes and other impositions for their
support, and sold the products of their farms
and shops to support the rebel armies. They
were governments de facto at least, and the
people had no other to give them any protec-
tion. The United States was unable to main-
tain local civil government over them; her
courts and officers were all withdrawn, and
life, liberty, and property could only be main-
tained by the rebel governments during the war.
On the settled principles of the laws of war,
whether international or civil, wherever the
authorities of one Government have been ex-
pelled from any territory andany de facto gov-
ernment has been erected over the people,
with sufficient physical force to support its
usurped authority, it is not to be imputed to
the people as crime that they submitted to
irresistible force, and gave obedience and sup-
port to the civil government de facto, to which
alone they could then look for the maintenance
of civil order and protection. This kind of
support and obedience were necessarilyvielded
by every person within their jurisdiction,
white or black, loyal or disloyal, to the rebel
State governments during the war. This
amounts, therefore, to a complete and unspar-
ing proscription of all men from office in
those States who belonged to the adult popu-
lation at the close of the war, and ever held
any of the offices described in this section.
This section must have been inspired by the
proconsular tyrant, Governor Bullock, and his.
coadjutors, in order to enable them to make
absolutely certain their reign over the unhappy
people of Georgia. To that end it is most skill-
fully drafted, and with the power it would give
to any unscrupulous, adroit, and selfish parti-
san Governor and his aiders, in and out of his
State, in State and Federal offices, it would
make their triumph over the people sure and
easy.
Mr. Speaker, in the midst of such laws, ad-
ministered by such bad men as congressional
reconstruction has almost always brought from
obscurity to the surface and elevated to power,
it is vain to hope to establish popular content,
liberty, peace, or prosperity. You cannot pro-
mote the interests of morality, civilization, or
religion by a hateful, corrupt and oppressive
government. You cannot gi\ e security or con-
fidence to property or capital by allowing igno-
rant or dishonest men to make and administer
its laws. ^ You cannot silence the common in-
stincts of justice and manhood by placing black
men over white men, by disfranchising and
persecuting the best citizens, the most intelli-
gent, incorruptible, and experienced officers,
by giving offices and control to place-hunting
strangers, politicians, fanatics, and scoundrels,
having no identification in interest, feelings,
sympathy, or purposes with the people, or by
subordinating all your laws and all your policy
to the service of party, the advancement of
mere party interests, the retention of political
power, or the gratification of sectional or
personal animosities or malice.
If the people of Georgia want to. be governed
according to the great principles espoused and
established by the Democratic party with such
beneficent and glorious results for so many
years it is their original and sacred right to
do so. If they want to be represented here in
the persons of Democrats, you outrage decency
and justice by habitually rejecting them and
giving their seats to minority candidates whom
the people repudiate and did not elect, as this
House has so often done of late. Will this
kind of conduct and policy never have an end ?
The next section says:
That any person knowingly hindering, delaying,
or preventing the due execution of the provisions of
this act, or of either of them, maybe punished there-
for m the manner and to the extent provided for in
the fourth section hereof.
The cruel severity of this provision becomes
painfully apparentwhen you remember by what
sort of officers it is to be enforced, and that if
the conscience and humane sentiments of the
great majority of the people condemn the whole
law as unjust, cruel, and unconstitutional, and
by the popular judgment thus formed its en-
forcement is disapproved, it may be held that
any person who contributes to the formation
of that judgment is guilty of " knowingly hin-
dering, delaying, or preventing the due execu-
tion " of its provisions, and he maybe punished
therefor. It is an attempt to make the pro-
visions of a criminal statute inquisitorial in their
nature, and therefore infinitely more offensive,
oppressive, and liable to abuse. It imposes
excessive, degrading, and infamous punish-
ments on account of mere opinions. It is an
attempt by law to make that criminal and in-
famous which by the common sense and best
judgment of right-minded men is right and
proper.
Mr. Speaker, the last section of this bill is
in harmony with all the others in its character
and purposes. It reads:
That the President shall cause to be stntioned in
said State such part of the armed forces of the United
States as shall be necessary to carry this act into full
execution; and all officers in command of such
forces shall, on demand of the Governor of vaid State,
render aid and assistance in the administration of
the government, the protection of life and property,
and in the administration of justice in said State.
This is the last refuge of oppression and des-
potic laws—to appeal for their enforcement to
military power, and to put the control of that
power into the hands of the chief oppressor
of the people. The testimony taken by the
Reconstruction Committee affords no pretext
even for the assumption that a military force
is necessary to secure or aid in the execution
of any constitutional law in Georgia. Her
people are as obedient to law as those of
Massachusetts or any other State. But it is
the climax of meanness and cruelty to put
the Army of the United States in this way
at the command of Governor Bullock. His
bad ambition appears to be to humiliate and
degrade to the utmost his own constituents and
to advance his selfish aggrandizements and
power. He is already a defaulter and em-
bezzler of the public money of Georgia, and
now seeks to so reconstruct her Legislature, by
putting out good men and getting in his parti-
