1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
11
41st Cong.... 1st Hess.
Reconstruction of Mississippi—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
sans, as to enable him to secure immunity from
punishment. He needs no army or other aid
to enforce the laws of Georgia, or of the United
States in Georgia, except what the State sup-
plies. It is a dangerous precedent to establish
in this country. Congress can do infinitely
more good by the enactment of a law or the
adoption of some means that will compel Gov-
ernor Bullock and the other officers of Georgia
to keep out of this Hall, stay at home, and
attend to their own duties, cease to persecute
and plot against their own people, and learn
that governments are made for the good of the
people and not for the advantage of the officers.
All this trouble results from the base treachery
of these officers and the criminal disposition in
this House to intermeddle in the affairs of the
States, and to encouragetheplunderingsohemes
and the interested falsehoods, murmurs, and
whinings of partisans. *
Now, Mr. Speaker, I turn from the consid-
eration of this bill with feelings of sadness, dis-
gust, and alarm. It is not only unfit to be
enacted, but in my judgment, in view of all its
provisions and their intrinsic character, it would
have done great dishonor to the civilization of
the fifteenth century. It lacks even the poor
merit of fanaticism, and proposes simply odious
usurpation and oppression. If this bill can
pass this House in this evening of the nine-
teenth century without awakening a universal
outcry against it in the country I shall despair
of the perpetuity of our free institutions. It
will indicate that the people have become wholly
insensible of their danger, if not indifferent to
their destiny, and have become reconciled to
let the Government ran in the grooves of arbi-
trary power. Day by day, one by one, this
legislative branch of the Government, in the
interests of centralism, is extendingits powers,
planting its fulcrums, fastening its chains upon
the States of the Union. Soon all barriers to
its supremacy will be broken down. The States
will become as counties to the oligarchy in
Congress.
Therefore this day, more than at any other
hour iu our history, the safety of civil liberty
and free institutions demands the reestablish-
ment and most scrupulous observance of the
reserved rights and powers of the States. The
country has vibrated from the extreme doc-
trines of State sovereignty to the infinitely
more dangerous extreme of Federal legislative
supremacy. Let it come back to the middle
ground of State rights and safety. If the right-
ful jurisdiction of the States isnot soonrestored
and more vigilantly asserted and maintained
consolidation will be won and firmly anchored.
Then the power of bonds, capital, monopolies,
rings, and aristocracy will be irresistible. The
people may then find not only their property
perpetually mortgaged to these classes ana
interests, but themselves enslaved. _ As their
attachment forand reliance upon their domes-
tic governments in their neighborhoods, school
districts, townships, cities, countries, and
States—hitherto the schools in which the very
capacity for self-government has been both
developed andeducated—arebroken down, and
they are taught to turn their eyes toward this
capital as the source of all power, protection,
and relief, their helplessness and enslavement
will become more complete. _
The unparalleled and still increasing extent
of our country, and its infinitely diversified
interests, capabilities, and resources render
more imperative than ever before the firm ana
wise maintenance of the rights of the States.
There is no other centrifugal agency or prin-
ciple that can save us from the iron grasp of
congressional centralism. Some such agency
must be established and vigilantly guarded, or
our country, already a vast empire, will either
go into decay and disintegration by the excess
of its territorial extent, or be maintained by the
strong hand of a despotic, centralized govern-
ment, and then representative republican insti-
tutions and self government ou tins continent
as established by our noble forefathers will die.
I therefore appeal to the people to rekindle
their ancient affections for the Constitution and
for the rights, equality, and dignityof the States,
or it will soon be too late, and all will be lost,
and corruption, plunder, and oppression of the
people will run riot all over the land, as they
are doing now over the suffering Stateg of the
South.
Reconstruction of Mississippi.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
April 1, 1869.
The House having under consideration the biIl{H.
R. No. 147) to provide for the organization of a pro-
visional government for the State of Mississippi-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker: Let me state for the inform-
ation of the House the exact condition of the
pending bill, and submit, as well asl may, some
few observations in«reply to all that has been
said on this subject. The bill comes from the
Reconstruction Committee of the last Congress,
who considered it for.three months, and it is
almost exactly in that form as that committee
determined it should.be.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish the gentle-
man to misstate the facts. I was a member of
the Committee on Reconstruction during the
last Congress, and I wish to say that we never
reported that bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have not
said a word about "reporting" it, but that it
came from that committee to us.
Mr. BROOKS. How did it come?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I do not
propose to stand here and consume my hour
by answering all the gentleman's questions.
Mr. BROOKS. You cannot answer the
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It did not
come from the gentleman from New York, I
agree, and nothing so good ever did. [Laugh-
ter.] I hope I shall be allowed to proceed
without further interruption.
Mr. BROOKS. It is easy to say a smart
thing and then shut a man up.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I could
not hear what the gentleman said, and there-
fore cannot reply to it. This bill came from
that committee as drawn by my late colleague,
Mr. Boutwell, as a member of the Committee
on Reconstruction. It was the emanation of
the judgment of that committee, and it passed
the present committee with but a single dis-
senting Republican voice, and that, too, after
our committee had given time for preparing a
bill to take its place.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the gentleman
desires to go into the action of the committee,
and it is proper to take that subject up for con-
sideration, I propose to follow him with my
statement of what occurredbut until it is
decided to be proper to refer in the House to
what took place in the committee I shall have
to call him to order. I hold that we cannot
discuss what took place before the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can
discuss what has gone upon the journals of the
committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir. 4
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think I
can The gentleman from Illinois produces
in the House a bill which he had referred, as
it appears on the back of it, to the Committee
on Reconstruction. As I clearly have a right
ay what did not take place m the commit-
ment for postponement is the only one that
has been pressed. lvhe gentleman himself has
spoken on no other question than the question
of postponement. Thelearned chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Dawes,]
in the cruelest speech against the Union men
of Mississippi I ever listened to, all the erueler
because it delivers them over to the enemy
bound hand and foot, did not speak to any
other question than the question of postpone-
ment. I do not mean that such was the inten-
tion of my colleague, in any manner; but that
such is the effect of his speech, as I trust I
shall be able to show.
What has been done by legislation hereto-
fore? Congress passed a series of reconstruc-
tion acts; and for what purpose? Was it for
the purpose simply of providing a constitution,
and none other 1 Clearly not. The reconstruc-
tion act passed March 23, 1867, provided that
an election should be held for the purpose of
establishing a constitution and civil govern-
ment. Such was the purpose of that act of
reconstruction. A convention was elected for
both purposes. That convention was chosen
underwhat auspices? Under a loyal general,
General McDowell, who removed the old Gov-
ernor of Mississippi. When that was done let
me call attention to what was said by the rebel
papers of that State.
They went into mourning. Here is a paper
with black lines clothing its columns. Hear
the rebel howl that went up at that action of a
loyal general:
" The First Act of our NewDespot—The Inaugxiration
nf Outrage, by General McVowell—Shoulder-Straps in.
the Executive Mansion— Governor Humphreys He-
moved and General Ames Appointed his Successor—
The removal of Colonel Charles JE: lioolcer and the
appointment of one CaptainMyers asAttomevGeneral.—
Emulous of the infamous fame won by Ord and
Sickles, Sheridan, Pope, and Meade, Major General
Irvin McDowell has signalized his appearance in
Mississippi by removing and attempting to degrade
two of the ablest and purest officers any State can
boast. The order for the removal of Governor Hum-
phreys, our honored chief magistrate, and Colonel
Charles B. Hooker, the able, eloquent and accom-
plished attorney general of the State, will be found
below. For this aet of tyranny, insolence, and out-
rage on the part of our new fledged despot, txeneral
McDowell has neither apology nor the shadow of
excuse. It is a gross, wanton, and outrageous exer-
cise of unbridled power, of brute force which is as
disgraceful as it is indefensible."— Vviksburg Daily
Times.
Such was the condition of things when, under
General McDowell's fostering care, the prepar-
ations for election were made, and the conven-
tion voted by sixty-nine thousand votes, the
rebel element refusing to vote. That conven-
tion came together thus elected, and if Gen-
eral McDowell had stayed there and had not
been displaced by a protege of Andrew John-
son, General Gillem, there would to-day have
been civil government and peace and order
within the limits of the State of Mississippi.
But General Gillem was, sent there to relieve
General McDowell, and I will show who this
General Gillem is before I get through. The
acts of that convention have been denounced
upon this floor, and, what has been most re-
markable, my colleague, the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, said the con-
vention was of such a character that he would
just as soon trust the convicts in the State
prison at Charlestown to elect their warden as to
allow this convention to appoint these officers.
Mr DAWES. I hope my colleague will
quote from my speech.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. i have the
Globe here, and will do so. The gentleman's
words are these:
! " I would as soon leave the choice of a warden of
1 the State prison at Charlestown to the election of the
1 convicts themselves."
| He would just as soon trust executive power
i in the hands of this convention as to trust in
to say   . . .
tee, I will say this bill of his never came to ■ ■ ... — ^ of the State prison
the committee, and it has thereforebeen,, cLrl town election of their warden,
ply sprang upon the committee and Jie Ho . |. r>AWES Now, if my colleague had
For what purpose? For the purpose of mak- |i . Mi. ,
in" an argument upon it in favor of a post-
ponement of this whole subject. The argu-
Kr what~purpose? For the &osetf mak- ^ *1*
ssemd-I-Slid" fll'at the election of thirty lew
