14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
Ho. of Keps.
Reconstruction of Mississippi—Mr. Butler.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
members to that convention was proposed in
such a manner that I could not tell the charac-
ter of the convention, and that with such a con-
vention I would just as soon think of putting
the election of warden of the State prison of
Charlestown to the choice of the convicts there
as to allow a convention thus organized to ap-
point these officers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield any further.
Mr. DAWES. I refer to my statement in
the Globe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
read what you said from the Globe.
Mr. DAWES. My complaint is that you do
not read the whole of it, but merely read the
last sentence of the paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As there
were a hundred members and but thirty to be
elected, the inference from the gentleman's
remarks is that two thirds of that conven-
tion were convicts. It is in that way he refers
to the loyal men of the South. The loyal men
of that convention, the loyal men who went
there and stood up for the Republican party,
men who fought for their country, and whose
only offense is that they have gone down there
to restore that country for which they fought.
Therefore they are called scalawags and by
every other opprobrious epithet. Such men
my colleague says are fit associates for convicts
and the State prison.
Mr. DAWES. I want my colleague to read
■what I did say. If permitted I will read it. It
ds as follows:
" And pat it ill a convention over which you have
no other control than that of the military arm, and
about whose character, with thirty vacancies to be
tilled up, you cau form in advance no sort of judg-
ment ?_ Why, you might clothe this convention, in
the midst of treasonable practices and treasonable
designs and plots and lawless riots and murder, with
ilie power of putting whatever executive authority
there is in the State in the hands of a man of their
•own .cboieel X would as soon leave the choice of
a,-warden of the State prison at Charlestown to the
election of the convicts themselves."
I want to know the character of the conven-
tion before I trust them ; but my colleague
proposes lo trust them in advance.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield for an argument under the pretense that
I had not read the gentleman's speech cor-
rectly.
Mr. DAWES. Under pretense ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
for I had read it correctly. Now, sir, 1 am
going to deal with exactly what was the first
thing this "very bad" convention undertook
to do. I will read what the convention did
when they came together in the full flush of
their wrong-doing, in the full strength of their
power. They enacted the following : -
" SectioxI. That no contracts shall be valid which
in any manner abridge or affect the right of franchise
of either party; and any person or persons demand-
ing such conditions shall, upon conviction thereof
before any court having competent jurisdiction, be
disfranchised for the term of five years and pay a
fine of not less than $500.
" Sec. 2. Whoever shall dismiss from employment
any person or persons for having exercised the right
of franchise, or for offering to exercise such right,
shall, on conviction, be fined not less than $250 and
he disfranchised for the term of five years."
Is there a loyal man in this House who would
say that is not a good act ? If so, " him have
I offended." Let any man say that that is not
exactly what the convention ought to do.
Now, as to the character of these "State-
prison convicts," I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stbvensox,] who
will state the facts in regard to that matter.
Mr. Stevkxsox here addressed the House.
At the conclusion of his remarks,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said : Hav-
ing heard from the gentleman from Ohio, who
knows the character and the war record of these
officers, these " convicts," elected when the
loyal men had the power, I propose now to
answer the ally of my colleague, [Mr. Dawes,]
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge,] who has just pat the question, and
who desires the same state of things continued,
the grinding down of Mississippi under rebel
rule; and now I say to the gentleman from
Wisconsin that there were about one eighth
less of the members of that convention candi-
dates for office than there were of the men
who framed the Constitution of the United
States and who obtained office under it, and
be can make the calculation for himself.
Mr. DAWES. I desire a perfect under-
standing with my colleague, and therefore I
want to know if he intends to state to the
House that my desire is that which he has
said ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer my colleague in these words: the rule
of law is that a man intends the necessary con-
sequences of his own acts, and I stand on the
legal intendment.
Mr. DAWES. I simply ask my colleague
if he intends to state to the House that such is
my desire?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I intend
to state to the House this: that the effect of
the gentleman's course is to keep the loyal
people of Mississippi under rebel rule, and I
suppose he intends what he does. That is my
answer.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield. No, sir; I have not any time. I can-
not open my mouth without some gentleman'
attempting to jump down my throat. [Great
laughter, during which Mr. Butler took his
seat. ]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, one word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman took his
seat, and the Chair could infer nothing else but.
that he yielded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I said twice I did not yield.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard that, but
as the gentleman sat down the Chair took it for
granted that he yielded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I sat down
because the Chair did not call my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] to order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gen-
tleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] declines to yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I merely desired to say
that I thought the gentleman sat down to pre-
vent his colleague [Mr. Dawes] from going
down his throat. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. That would be the last place
to which I would desire to go.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How much
time does my colleague want, and then quit?
Mr. DAWES. I simply want the ordinary
courtesies extended to a member of this House,
and I want nothing more.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, how
much time does the gentlemen want?
Mr. DAWES. I want simply that my col-
league shall answer my question. I do not
complain of his putting any construction he
pleases upon the effect of my remarks. I
simply want hitn to say yea or nay, whether h'e
means to state to this House that I desire what
he has said I desire.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
to be categorically catcehised. I will state, as
I have already stated, I do not know what my
friend desires.
Mr. DAWES. Then do not state it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Butldo
know what the effect of his course is.
Mr. DAWES. That is all fair enough.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
said that I took the legal intendment of the
act. Now, I will say in reply to him and to
the other remark of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge,] if I can be rid of the
interruptions of my colleague, [Mr. Dawes,]
and his allies iu this matter—I know that term
is parliamentary, because it was used the other
day by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point of order is that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] charges me with being an ally of his col-
league, [Mr. Dawes.] That remark I think
is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WARD. I think the charge, if true,
would be to the credit of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If I had made the same
point of order upon the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ward] that I made upon the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] 1 am
sure I would have been sustained by the Chair.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
now proceed, if 1 can do so without being in-
terrupted by every man who lias an idea or
who has not an idea. [Laughter.] I was
about proceeding to answer the question of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
who inquires how many of these members have
gone home?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Ihope thegentleman 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I certainly desire—[the
Speaker rapped with his gavel]—I suppose 
The SPEAKER, (rapping with his gavel.)
Thegentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.eldridge]
is out of order, and must know that he is out
of order. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] has advised the Chair that he
declines to be interrupted by any gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
been asked, and the question has been put
before the House, how many of these men have
gone to their homes ? I can answer as to two
of them. As I am advised, two of them have
gone to that home from which they will never
return. Two of them have gone, under the
blows and maltreatment and the bullets 'of those
men to whom the State of Mississippi is to be
turned over, if the argument of my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] and of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridge] is to prevail.
Now, let me go back a moment to the origin
of this bill, having dealt with the personnel of
this convention. Why was this bill defeated
last session ? I read from the proceedings of
February-1-7,--as published in the Globe :
" Mr. Boutwell. Mr. Speaker, it was my purpose
until very recently to report lrom the Committee on
Reconstruction a bill for the establishment of a pro-
visional government for tho State of Mississippi;
but after a full and free conference with gentlemen
on the other side of the House, and especially the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Bldkidqk,] and
having been by them assured very frankly that it
was their purpose to resist the passage of the bill by
such parliamentary means as they could resort to, I
have been compelled to resign the presentation of
the bill at this time. Inasmuch as there is other
business of public importance and it would be use-
less to pass the bill unless it passed between this and
Friday, I feel it to be my duty to abandon it at the
present time, with the assurance, however, that im-
mediately after the 4th of March next the other side
of the House will have ail opportunity to test tho
capacity of this House to pass it."
This bill was lost in the last Congress ; and
why? Because gentlemen on the other side
said they would 11 filibuster" against it if we
attempted to pass it. And we could not pass
it before Friday, and that would be within the
ten days last preceding the close of the session,
and therefore Johnson could pocket the bill
even if we passed it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Massachusetts 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly the gentle-
