1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
41 sx (Jong. .. .1st
Beconstruction of
-Mr. Butler.
Ho.' of Eeps.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin_[Mr. Eldridge] is out of order and will
take his seat.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Upon this
record of the statement of Mr. Boutwell, made
here in this House, we lost this bill at the last
session because gentlemen on the other side
threatened to filibuster and delay the bill until
Johnson could pocket it if it were passed.
Now a new committee reports the bill to this
House, It is a bill to do what ? To restore civil
government to Mississippi. Who oppose the
bill ? In the first place, the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] meets it with a very able
and well put argument, about the only argu-
ment that I have heard against the bill. Then
follows the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] who tells us that we must not pass the
bill, because he has a certain letter written by
Mr. Lincoln which has never been published,
but which I find was published two years ago
in McPherson's Manual. Then comes in the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnworth]
with a proposition, as he says, to submit this
constitution to the people of Mississippi. Now,
I will tell you why I cannot vote to submit
that constitution to the people. I am so much
of a State-rights man that I think the people
should frame a constitution for themselves; the
loyal people should frame a constitution for
themselves by their own delegates in conven-
tion. And when that convention forms a con-
stitution the people will have a right to vote it
down. They can vote down any proposition
submitted to them j and then it is their right to
have a new constitution or constitutional pro-
visions framed by their own representatives in
convention submitted to them, and not a con-
stitution enacted for them by Congress upon
which they must vote yea or nay. It is for this
reason that I desire to see, and the Committee
on Reconstruction desires to see, this conven-
tion of the delegates of the people again called
together. We desire that the convention shall
have power to alter what is objectionable, to
make right what is wrong, and to call upon the
people of Mississippi to vote upon their propo-
sitions once again. What is there objectionable
in this measure?
My friend says, il Let us submit the constitu-
tion which has once been voted down." I say
no. If it is suggested that this constitution
shall be amended, then I ask who shall amend
it? I answer, the only proper body to do this is
the convention. Who constitute-this conven-
tion ? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Steven-
sox] has described to us the class of men who
composed that body; and there is nothing to
lead us to believe that the men who may be
chosen now will be different in character from
those who were chosen before, and all the loyal
men of Mississippi are urging this measure.
It is said that this constitution when sub-
mitted was voted down, but to that I reply
that this constitution never was fairly voted
down. Who was in command iu that district?
General Gillem. Who is General Gillem? He
is a man who has recently been removed from
his position by President Grant because of his
arbitrary and oppressive acts, because of his
hiuderance of the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress, because of his Copperheadism, and that
covers everything that is wrong and bad. The
military orders of General Gillem were such as
to preventthis constitution from being adopted.
Let me refer to some evidence in reference to
his conduct of affairs in that State. In the first
place, how did he investigate the complaints
made to him that there had been such inter-
ference, force, and fraud as to prevent a free
election ? I read from the testimony taken by
the committee of the Fortieth Congress:
''Question. Bid you in yourinterview with General
Gillem submit any specific charges against the lair-
xiess of the election in those seven counties; if so,
what were they? . . ~
"Answer. Wo bad not reecived at that time full
returns: but we submitted to him that there was
fraud in theelectionin those counties, andwedesired
an investigation.
Did you specify what the frauds "were ?
Answer. Yes.
"Question. In writing or verbally ?
f Answer. Verbally.
'Question. Give us, as near as you can, what you
said to General Gillem -when you made that appli-
eation?
# "Answer. "We told him that we were informed that
in several of those counties the elections had been
mere farces; that a great number of voters had not
had an opportunity of voting, and that a great num-
ber of them had been compelled to vote against their
free wish and will, and we desired an investigation
of that matter. Wealluded particularly to an affair
in Copiah county, where a body of colored men,
some fifty or sixty in number, had assembled with
flags and banners, designing to march to the polls
and vote, and where they were assaulted by a mob,
driven from the grounds, and driven entirely away
from the polls. We desired an investigation. He
replied to us that hehad had a report from his officer
in charge there of that affair, and that he intended
to investigate it. I never heard of any investiga-
tion being made. That was the only reply he gave
to us."
Now, hear what one of his officers says:
" Question. What effect, if any, had this belief that
General Gillem was opposed to the reconstruction
aets of Congress on the mind of the community, both
before and after the election?
** Answer. I think it had a very considerable effect
to deter men from making representations when they
thought that they would be distasteful to him; ana
think that even some of his subordinate officers were
deterred from making reports of these outrages and
intimidations, for the reason that they did not receive
that attention which they thought them entitled to
when made. That has been my opinion, gathered
from some of his subordinate officers, and more par-
ticularly from those serving in the bureau depart-
ment.
** Question. Do you say that you obtained this opin-
ion from officers themselves ?
** Answer. From officers connected with the bureau.
'* Question. Have they told you that they were
deterred ?
"Answer. They have, sir; I heard one of the offi-
cers, Major Corliss, say that he had come to the con-
clusion that the fewer reports he made of that char-
acter the more easily he would get along in the
discharge of his duties as an officer. There are some
others who have spoken in the same manner to me,
a'nd that is one reason why the Freedmen's Bureau
has become unpopular in the State. Outrages com-
mitted and reported were seldom investigated, or, if
investigated at all, they were turned over to the civil
authorities, which generally amounted to nothing
more than an acquittal; that is my opinion, gathered
from my own observations and these officers them-
selves.''
Listen now to the class of outrages which Gil-
lem refused to investigate, and say whether
there was a free or fair election at which the
loyal people were permitted to vote according
to the dictates of their judgments and con-
sciences :
1410 Cass Avenue, St. Louis, Missouri,
January 20, 1869.
I read, too, with much pleasure your resolution
from the Reconstruction Committee respecting the
provisional governments of Virginia and Texas, and
regret very much you didnot think proper to include
Mississippi, for I can assure you, from personal ob-
servation, that the latter State is as steeped to-day
in enmity to our Government as any of the States
named. , , , „ ,, , ..
I have read with a good deal of surprise the testi-
mony of the general commanding' the fifth military
district, (General Gillem,) and I unhesitatingly pro-
nounce his evidence totally devoid in facts and figures
as to the true state of affairs in his department. He
states the intimidation practiced toward the freed-
men during the late election was partial. I pro-
nounce the assertion false; for no means which an
unscrupulous and prejudiced class of rebels could
have recourse to were left untried to intimidate and
expel by force those poor people "on pain of killing
them " but was brought forth for the purpose; hence
the failure of the State to ratify the constitutional
amendments, and what will surprise you more, that
very many cases where the military were sent for the
purpose of protecting the purity of election, they
openly bided with the rebels, and even went so far as
to peddle copperhead tickets and force them into
the hands of the poor frightened negroes. Such was
the protection afforded by General Gillem s troops.
I believe there is no greater enemy to reconstruction
in Mississippi to-day than General Gillem.
I can bear willing testimony to these statements,
as X presided as judge of election in one of the coun-
ties of that State, (Sunflower county.) During my
visit there on the board of registration I instructed
the freedmen as to their duties as citizens, (much to
the chagrin of the general;) and though at the home
of the rebel ex-Governor Humphreys, I succeedea in
carrying the county against a most violent and de-
termined opposition; and if threats and intimidation
had not been practiced the same vote which carried
the calling of a convention would have ratitied the
constitutional amendment, and Mississippi woulu
be to-day back in the Union.
Fully eighty per cent, of the officeholders, federal (is
well- a5 State, are rebels, even in the revenue depart-
ment; let me instance the second district, M. Keory,
revenue collector—allhis employe# are outspoken rebels.
He got hia appointment through the lilairs.
If desired,. I egfild furnish you a great many facts
connected with this Stfote which were never yet made
public, the recital of which would ehill the blood in
your veins. It is an undisputed fact that many of
the poor freedmen have been- murdered in mere
wantonness. Although representation of these facts
was made to General Gillem, he refused to make
searching inquiry, butordered the civil authorities
to institute proceedings. The sequel was, those mur-
derers went unwhipped of justice, as no poor freed-
man could be found who would dare prosecute.
Please accept my apologies for the liberty I take
of addressing you, not having the pleasure of a per-
sonal acquaintance. Four years of faithfulservice
in the Union Army will, I trust, plead my excuse.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN A. HYNES,
n/x-Gaptain United Statea Volunteer Infantry.
Hon. Mr. Boutwell.
Listen again to the story of the wrong and
outrage with which the State was filled :
"On the 24th June last I visited Caseyville precinct
in the capacity of a candidate for State senator ; I
was informed that no d—d Rad. could vote there,
white or black; they would kill him first. IVberever
I moved I was followed and denounced. and was pre-
vented from holding any conference with the blacks ,* 1
remained a few hours and went to ajriend's, a mile, dis-
tant, and returned again in the evening ; during my ab-
sence the Democrats organized forty men and sent them
in search of me in every direction / whatthezr object was
I do not know. As soon as I got in night of the prccinvt
on my return the mob set up such ayell as no man ever
heard, come from anv but the fiend* %n the lower ref/ioHty
andrushedon me to thenuviber of about seventy-five, both
white and black, and all drunk, with sticks, ropes, and
such like, and using threats and epithets, such as Hope
him1' * Make a Democrat put the badge of equal rights
on him !' ' Hide him on a rail.' I thought i was gone
up, for I was completely hemmed in on all sides; I
was tantalized in that position with all the vile epi-
thets that a man ever heard. There were peace offi-
cers there; theysaidnot a word, but seemed to enjoy
it very much; therewasnot a Republican vote taken
there among the whites; there were several there
on the ground, but they wore intimidated.
"At Iiazlehurst the Democratshad their flags, ban-
ners, &c., and were marching all over town. We, in
the simplicity of our hearts, thought wecould do the
same; we went to work in a quiet way and had our
flags and banners. Grant and Colfax, and started to
the polls to vote, but had got but a short distance,
until a large number of the Democrats pounced upon
us with brickbats and bludgeons, tore up our ban-
ner, and our party had to flee to-the woods for safety,
hotly pursued; some were pursued to my house, at
least half a mile distant; several of them were hit
with brickbats." * * * * # *
" At. Kennedy's Store precinct there was but one
vote for the constitution, to wit: 'a blackmail,' who,
after ho had voted, was publicly insulted and threat-
ened with violence if he did not leave the ground
and the county. Mr. Harvey, the Republican candi-
date for the Legislature, was also publicly insulted,
and could notpass among the voters without meeting
with insults on all sides. A white gentleman, Mr.
Collins, told me he wanted to vote for the constitu-
tion, but after seeing the insults to Republicans said
he feared if he voted for the constitution personal
violence; he went away without voting. There was
quite a number of men present from Crystal Springs
with arms; the sheriff did not try. nor he could not
have disarmed them I must say. There would have
been twenty votesormore for the constitution but ior
intimidation, some of wliom voted against the con-
stitution, and some of whom left without voting at
all.
"At Georgetown precinct all passed off quietly;
there was no intimidation, except the blacks were
told if they voted for the constitution thoy, the whites
would not furnish them supplies; there was uo vio-
lence. , . , ,.
"At Rockport precinct the registrar held the elec-
tion in a store gallery. Early in the morning, just
after the polls were opened, a Mr. Middleton Boaslcy
stood up in the gallery and cursed and abused any
man who would support the constitution, threatened
the blacks, and said he was ready to sink any man,
white or black, in the bottom of hell who won Id otter
to vote the Republican ticket. A Mr. s. D. llamsey
made a speech, within three feet of the registrar, in
which he told the blacks that he was taking their
names down, and all who voted the Republican
ticket would be watched and romembered, and
would be compelled to leave the country; that they
weuld be turned out, and cught to be turned out
with their families to starve. The insults and tin eats
became so numerous that Mr. Harvey,the Republican
candidate for the Legislature, leit the grounds at
eleven o'clock to prevent personal violence. Just
after he left, the said s. D. Ramsey publicly pro-
claimed that the scalawag, carpet-bagger candidate
had left, and. that if any person on the ground ex-
pected to vote for the constitution he had better
leave also. There was pi enfry of whisky on the
ground and the men were drinking; and at halt past
twelve I also left the ground to prevent personal
violence. There was not a man, white or black, up
to the time I left the ground, that voted or dared to
vote for the constitution or the Republican ticket.
"At Salter's precinct no violence or intimidation.
"At Beauregard precinct there were United btatea
troops who made some arrests; there was but one
