16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
Ho. of Beps.
Reconstruction of Mississippi—Mr. Butler.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
votefortheconstitution. I was insulted and pointed
at during the day, and cursed and abused by Her-
vey Dodds, and but for the troops could not ha"ve
remained or even got there. Many black and some
white voters told me they had been told that if they
voted the Republican ticket they would be taken
out and hung, and would not be permitted to remain
there longer than the troops remained. The elec-
tion was held at Wesson, one mile south of Beaure-
gard, on Tuesday, June 30, 1808. I was advised by
some of the most respectable citizens of the place
not to attend the election at Wesson; that my life
would be in danger; that they believed I would be
attacked either going or returning from the election
at that plaee. T did not go at all to Wesson, for I
must judge from what I heard, and the advice from
friends that my life was in danger."
The subordinate officers did not dare to re-
port these outrages to General Gillem. What
was the effect ? Why, that the frauds and out-
rages committed at that election were not
reported to us. So that we can affirmatively
determine that the election was void. Though
General Gillem reported that a majority of
seven thousand was cast against this constitu-
tion, I believe that four times that number of
men were kept from voting. In the election
upon the question of calling the convention all
the rebels stayed at home, hoping to prevent
the calling of a convention under the provision
of our law at that time that the majority, by
staying at home, could do that. But when the
convention had been successful, and when the
constitution submitted by that convention was
submitted to a vote, the rebels all turned out;
they shot and murdered Union men, white and
black, as they eame up to vote. Thus a large
number were deterred from voting; and thus the
constitution failed to be adopted, as appeared
by the returns,* and hence we desire that it be
again submitted to the convention and by that
to the people, so that in happier times, under
loyal officers, the eleetion may again take place.
When the convention attempted to come after
this together again, as they had agreed on their
adjournment, in order to resubmit the question
in case of failure to carry it, General Gillem
ordered them not to do so; he prevented them
by force, acting under the orders of his master,
Andrew Johnson. When Andrew Johnson
ceased to be President, one of the very first
acts of President Grant was to turn out this
General Gillem.
Under these circumstances what do your
committee propose? They propose that this
convention, headed by Mr. Eggleston, the
president, whose character has been stated by
the gentleman from Ohio, shall be called to-
gether again ; that they shall review their work
and again submit it to the people; that they
shall appoint a provisional governor. And we
all know whom they will appoint. They will
appoint Eggleston, the hero whom Sherman
selected to take the surrender of Atlanta. He
will accept the surrender of Mississippi if you
will allow him to be appointed, and appointed
by that convention. With what power will he
be invested? His power will be to reorganize
the State, to reorganize the election districts,
to appoint judges and registrars of election
who cannot be voted for in their own precincts.
But our friends on the other side of the
House say this provisional governor will do
wrong. We have provided for that in the
fourth section of the bill, which declares—•
That the said provisional governor may remove
from office in said Stute any person holding office
therein, and may appoint a successor in his stead;
and may also fill all vacancies that may occur by
death, resignation, or otherwise, subject, however,
m all removals and appointments, to the orders and
directions of the President of the United States; and
the President s the United States may at any time
remove the said provisional governor and appoint a
successor m his stead.
!So that the ultimate control in reference to
this whole matter will be with the President
of the United States.
Now, what is the argument against us? for
I propose to deal a little further with the argu-
ment of my friend and colleague. The argu-
ment is that the men of Mississippi are not
.sufficiantly.loyal to be reinstated in their civil
rights, &ad; Asr^tMlit&f-y'gdyeVmire'nt is-best.
I agree with him that under some circumstances
a military government is the best; but it is not
the best under the present circumstances in
Mississippi, because we have there the evils
of both systems, the military and the civil.
The military governor in time of peace does
not undertake to interfere with the laws of
Mississippi passed by the old Legislature under
the administration of Andrew J ohnson.
One feature of those laws to-day is that they
impose upon every laboring man, white and
black, a poll-tax of thirteen dollars. A gen-
tleman who is cultivating two thousand acres
of land in Mississippi tells me that his negroes
pay as poll-tax more than the whole amount
of the taxes that he pays on his plantation and
all other property necessary to carry it on.
The military governor cannot and does not
interfere with that law. It continues in force
for at least a year longer. Hence, my friend
and colleague would, by his argument, give
over for a year longer the poor freedmen
of Mississippi to be taxed to death for the ben-
efit of Jhe rebel landholding aristocracy there.
They will have their last pig, their last cow,
their last bed taken from them and sold to pay
this odious poll-tax, as has been done hereto-
fore, and thus they may be driven out of the
State at the pleasure of the rebels.
We have provided in this bill that the poll-
tax shall not exceed $1 50. If the bill con-
tained no other provision but stopped right
there I would like to see the true and loyal
man who, in the face of the country, would re-
cord his vote against the measure. I want to
see the man who will vote against this bill, and
thereby vote that the only friends we have in
the South, the only friends we have ever had
there—the laboring men, white and black—the
soldiers, whether privates or officers, who have
gone down there to reconstruct the State won
by their valor—shall be taxed to death for the
benefit of the landed aristocracy.
Again, this bill contains another important
provision. It is that in all public sales the land
shall be divided into lots of at least forty acres,
so that somebody other than the bloated landed
aristocracy can get a foothold down there in
Mississippi. At present, when there is a bank-
rupt sale or a sale by order of a court, the land
is put up for sale in one body ; and no man who
is unable to buy a thousand or five thousand
acres, as the case may be, can become a pur-
chaser. There have been laws passed in that
State since the war providing that no negro
shall buy any land, that no negro shall have
any land leased to him, that no negro by any
title under heaven shall have any right to l.and
enough even to be buried on. , ..
Mr. FARNSWORTH.. The gentleman does
not state it fairly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I decline
to be interrupted. My hour is being frittered
away by interruptions. I have been inter-
rupted too much already. Unless they had
land they were to be deemed vagrants and to
have their liberty sold at auction away from
them. They cannot buy a foot of land, and
the military cannot help them. Such is the
protection the gentleman from Illinois wishes
to afford them. They cannot buy a foot of
land upon which to stand, and if they do not
own land they are liable to be sold.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no such law
in Mississippi.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How are
they to stay there with such laws? Yet we are
informed that it is right that these should con-
tinue to be the laws. It is this state of things
that gentlemen propose to perpetuate.
My friend says that until Mississ;ppi get3 to
be loyal she shall be kept under military rule.
When will that be? Will Union men be any
more loyal then than now ? Will disloyal men
be any more disloyal then than now ? With-
out doubt if you passed a law putting these
States under military commanders and declar-
-i/if^tnartial law we could punish the murderers
from these rebel foes and do something toward
protecting the Union men. If that were done
I do not know but I will go with you ; but in
these States we have a military and a civil
government, the civil government wholly with-
out power to do any good ; and because you
have a civil government the military will not
interfere with civil matters.
Such is the condition of those States. In
Louisiana last year there were eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine murders reported, beside
those not reported, and yet not a murderer was
punished. In Mississippi there were one hun-
dred murders reported, and not one murderer
punished. In Georgia did you read but the
other day of Dr. Darden, who shut himself up
in jail for protection, and how a hundred armed
men went there in the dead of night and find-
ing they could not get entrance set fire to and
burned the door off the hinges, and when they
got to his cell and he told them he would sell
his life dearly how they thereupon built a
fire at the door of his cell and roasted him until
he came out, and how, when he was forced out
in that way and asked to see his children before
his death should ensue, these fiends refused the
man then about to be murdered and took him
outside of the town and there pierced his body
with thirty bullets. For him there was no res-
cue by the citizens; no interference by the mili-
tary ; no remedy; no punishment; no arrest;
no action of any kind against those who com-
mitted this foul murder. Such is the condition
of things in the southern States, and when we
come forward with the proposition to change
that condition of things and put in the hands
of loyal men the power to protect themselves
by civil government supported by military
power, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Schenck,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Dawes,] and the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr. Fabns-
worth,] believing they hold this House of Rep-
resentatives in their palms, join hands to pre-
vent us altering this wretched state of things,
aud insist upon turning our loyal friends down
there, white and black, over to the tender mer-
cies of the rebels to smoke them out, roast
them out, or murder them. That may be repub-
licanism, but we have a name for it in our
State. We call it " Springfield Republican-
ism." It is the worst name of reproach to be
given to it.
Those who oppose this bill act to-day with
the friends of Andrew Johnson. They and
our filibustering friends on the other side ask
us to vote to postpone this bill to the next
■session. That postponement puts over the
cause of recoristruction arid peace fortwo years,
and devotes the Republican party in Missis-
sippi to death and destruction.
In saying this I do not wish to say a word
against the military officer there. I know him.
He served with me, and a more brave or more
true Republican does not live on earth than
was General Ames; but a military officer is
wholly powerless in a State where he cannot
proclaim martial law. All he can do is to aid
the civil power, and the civil power in Missis-
sippi is against him and us; it was instituted
by Andrew Johnson in the interest of rebellion.
Now, if you do not reconstruct Mississippi
and Georgia, if you do not get loyal Legislatures
there, you cannot pass the fifteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution. You lose it, and
with it you lose half a dozen northern States.
Every man on the opposite side knows that
right well, and laughs in his sleeve at these
men whom they have wrung in to do their
work for them. Every man of them knows
right well what he is about. I know them of
old. I used to be with them. [Laughter.] I
have seen them use the Whigs in the old days
in the same way as the monkey used the cat's
paws to pull the hot ehestnuts out of the fire.
[Laughter.]
Now, one word, if you please, in answer to
