1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
HccofistTVrctioTi—Georgia—'/v. IVlitlLciaot'c.
Ho. oi? Reps.
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Ho has twice undertaken to state in debate
what a good Republican he was, while he said
others who advocated this bill were linked
hand in hand with the Democracy. That means
me, sir. There were men, I suppose, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine years ago who thought
more of Judas than of Paul because Judas was
the older disciple of the two. But " by their
fruits ye shall know them." I am content to
be judged by works, and I desire everybody
else should be so judged. My friend says he
has been so long standing up for the negro
that he is now going to stand up for the white
man. Ah I he falters by the way. He says
we have given the right to the negro to vote
and hold office, and now he is going for the
white man; that disenfranchising the white
man, rebel in heart though he be, must cease.
Sir, make it safe for the negro to vote and for
the white man to vote for the Union for which
he fought; make it safe for every Union sol-
dier to sleep in his cabin with his latch-string
out in the southern States, and then I will aid
to put power in the hands of white rebels; but
not till then, so help me God ! not till then !
Then will be time for me to look after th«f
■white man; then will be lime for me to say
that I will give power to the white man who
has so abused it to break up the Government,
but not till then.
Now, gentlemen of the House of Repre-
sentatives, the case—loyalty and republican-
ism—is before you this day. It has come to
you in its present form from the last House,
and the Committee on Reconstruction have
presented this bill for the peace, prosperity,
and safety of the true and loyal men of Mis-
sissippi.
Reconstruction—Georgia.
SPEECH OP HOIST. B. F. WHITTEMORE,
of south carolina,
I.\" the House of Representatives,
April 9, 1869,
Oii the bill to enforce the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution and the laws of the United
States, and to restore the State of Georgia to the
republican government elected under its new con-
stitution.
Mr. WHITTEMORE. Mr. Speaker, much
has been said concerning the State of Georgia,
its conformity to the laws of Congress, General
Meade's reports, the admissions of General
Grant, the action of the Committee of Elec-
tions in this House, and the hasty acknowl-
edgments of Congress. I have only in the
tew moments allotted me, time to say that the
laws which Congress passed to regulate the
organization of the Legislature of Georgia have
not been complied with. The history of that
anomalous revolutionarybody is before us, and
although the ready tongues of the excusers of
those who daily defy the laws of their country
have coined adjectives of the most malignant
character and applied them to the words and
acts of the faithful defenders of constitutional
law, yet we have the indisputable evidence of
an open, continuous, determinate conflict oa
the part of the Legislature of Georgia against
the provisions which Congress enacted and
made imperative throughout the States that
had conspired to break the solemn compact
which bound us together as a national Union.
The fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion, now incorporated into that national instru-
ment in its third section, created to cover the pe-
culiar and criminal condition of those who once
had sworn allegiance to the Government of the
United States, who had violated their oath by
perjuring and arraying themselves against its
authority in armed rebellion or bygiving aid
and comfort to the enemies of the Union,
specifically declares that "no person prohib-
ited from holding office under the United States
41st Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 2.
or under any State shall be deemed eligible to
any office in either of said States."
Now, Mr. Speaker, although the gentlemen
on the other_ side who attempt to stand be-
tween Georgia as she is and the law-making
power of the land, and exhaust rhetoric in
their eloquent perforations upon the rights of
States, have denied that any infraction of the
demands of Congress has been committed by
the so-called Legislature of Georgia, they have
only the resolution of that body, composed of
unpardoned traitors in part, who knew their
status before the law—despising its provisions
as well as its makers—to justify them in their
convictions or assertions, which resolution,
adopted by a majority of its members, declared
"that all sitting members were eligible under
the law."
They knew when they were framing as well
as passing this resolution that they were legal-
izing, or attempting so to do, a monstrous lie.
The personal history of the originators of such
a declaration was an unanswerable argument
against it. Let the Legislature of Georgia
stand here to-day—those who respect their own
conscience, reverence the truth, and abhor per-
jury, who will not bear false witness, and who
know that a violated law shall be avenged—
how many would drop out from its constituted
membership? Can the demonstrative gen-
tleman from Kentucky vouch for them all?
Will the Demosthenic Indianian, who knows
so much of the South according to his own
belief, indorse their eligibility ? Will the
sage constitutional interpreter of Ohio swear
to their fealty to the law he defends, their
integrity, their right to wield the civil rule of
a State they have themselves endeavored to
ruin? Is there any one upon this floor who will
undertake to say that there have not been, are
not now, members of the Georgia Legislature
who have violated their official oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and who,
in consequence of such violation, are by the
third section of the fourteenth amendment dis-
qualified from acting or participating in said
Legislature? Not one. What, then, shall be
the action of Congress in such a case? Did it
intend that the fourteenth amendment should
mean anything ? When the third section was
written out, passed upon, made a part of that
amendment, was it understood, or void of
meaning; or did Congress intend, in so many
words, to have Georgia, the rebel States, all
understand that any person who had once
sworn to support the Constitution of the United
States and then raised the arm of rebellion,
advocated the cause of secession, participated
in sotting up a confederacy of traitors, should
never again, unless relieved of the penalty of
"their seditious acts by Congress, ''be deemed
eligible to any office in either of said States?''
If so, then why parley with the contemners of
your enactments ? Why pause in the decision
which we are to make? Are loyal men to be
told that the price of loyalty is neglect, a total
abandonment of their cause and claims by the
only power which they lean upon, look to, and
plead to for protection? Are those who have
endeavored to stand up for and abide by con-
gressional, constitutional provisions to be left
in the hands of the enemies of national com-
pacts, the defiers of your every legislation? Is
it not competent for Congress to enforce its
own laws with pains and penalties if need be ?
Shall we wait for the courts of Georgia to de-
cide the legality of our own enactments? Is it
not an insult to the dignity as well as authority
of the legislative power of the land to ask such
a pause in our action ? Prompt decision is
required. Without we settle the difficulty
there can be no immediate peace or satisfac-
tion in Georgia. Disquiet, distrust, discour-
agement will settle upon the whole people, and
we shall be held accountable for the disorder
and confusion that will ensue.
Nor is the violation of the fourteenth amend-
ment Jjy the persons who hold their seats un-
constitutionally the only charge to be laid at
the doors of the Georgia Legislature. As if
they had not already established their character
for infidelity or infamy, having secured them-
selves beyond a peradventure in their own right
as members, they subsequently exclude men
whose only disqualification, not by the laws of
the United States or the constitution under
which they assembled, nor by any act of treach-
ery or felony, was the color of their skin.
Elected at the same election, under the same
call, by the same votes that placed them in the
position of legislators, these double-dealing,
law-despising, self-constituted judgesno sooner
gather the reins of administration into their
hands than they expel members on account
of race, color, and previous condition, who
labored and gave their franchises to set up the
very system of government that was authorized
by Congress.
Such was the action of the superior race,
which the gentleman from Indiana so proudly
extols over the inferior race he so willingly
degrades. Such was the course of men who
but a short time before did not think it disrep-
utable to solicit or receive the votes of a race
they intended to dishonor and betray. Such
was the treatment of thegentlemanly, educated,
refined, chivalric Caucasian of the trusting,
docile, faithful, enfranchised African, once his
slave but now his peer politically. If there
are those who seek alliance with such a man-
hood, they need not ask me to be of their
number. If they can find apologies for such
duplicity they are more prolific in their blind-
ness than myself.
Mr. Speaker, it is justice that cries out to us
for legislation. It is the voice of those that
have obeyed our behests, followed our coun-
sels, kept our laws, proved faithful to their
trusts, who have never violated their allegiance,
upon whom we must depend if we desire to
found the States of the South upon a basis
which will insure equal rights and permanent
safety to the whole people. We have either
to demand and maintain an unqualified respect
and obedience to the written law of the land
or yield up the power to such as conspire to
overthrow it. Perjured rebels unconstitution-
ally seated should be expelled from the legis-
lative halls of Georgia, and the members ille-
gally driven from their places restored to their
seats as the representatives not only of the
always loyal but of over five hundred thousand
American citizens of the black race within the
limits of Georgia. In the message which the
President of the United States has just trans-
mitted to the House we are reminded of our
duty in the work of a stronger guarantee for the
rights and immunities of those who have dared
to stand by the policies of Congress. He well
says :
"The authority of the United States, which has
been vindicated and established by its military
power, must undoubtedly be asserted for the absolute
protection of all its citizens in the full enjoyment of
the freedom and security which is the object of a
republican government."
I trust we shall not adjourn until we have
emphatically declared to all, in Georgia and
elsewhere, who counsel disobedience, usurp-
ation, vindictive opposition to the organic law,
that they do so at their peril. We are looked
upon in the last moments of the session as the
keepers of the public safety, the preservers of
the public peace, the protectors of every citi-
zen everywhere, of every shade, class, or condi-
tion. Constitutional law needs its interpreters,
but the Republic cannot afford to desert in the
hour of their greatest extremity those who are
relied upon to fight its battles, rally around its
flag, guard its capital, conquer its enemies,
perpetuate its Union when constitutional law
is trampled under foot and its interpreters
throttled in their ermine. Let us deal with
Georgia as justice and the freedom, the rights
of her every citizen demand.
