1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Proposed Recognition of Cuba—Mr. Willarcl.
Ho. op Reps.
President whenever he may deem it expedient to
recognize the sovereignty and independence of any
oi said provinces."
The motion to lay this resolution upon the
table failed by a vote of 71 to 72.
The question was then divided ; and the first
clause of the resolution passed by a vote of 134
to 12, and the last clause by a vote of 87 to 76.
A proposition to amend, by inserting the words
"that it [the House] approves of the course
heretofore pursued by the President of the
United States with regard to said provinces,"'
was rejected. A committee, by direction of the
House, then presented the resolution to Presi-
dent Monroe. The independence of the South
American provinces -pas not in fact recognized
by the President until some months later.
I have been thus into the detail of the course
pursued by this Government in relation to the
revolutions in the South American provinces
because the resolution of Mr. Clay, and the
action of the House in passing it, is sought to
be made a precedent for similar action on the
resolution nowbeforeus. The cases are, how-
ever, in no respect parallel, as I shall show
further on.
The late precedents are instructive enough
to warraut recurrence to them.
In the case of Texas, the declaration of
independence was made in December, 1835,
after a year of fighting. The battle of San
Jacinto was in April, 1836, and practically
ended the war, and Mexico did not agaiiFinvade
Texas, though she still refused to acknowledge
its independence. During the summer of 1836,
eighteen months after the commencement of
the war, and after every Mexican was driven
from the soil of Texas, Congress passed thi3
resolution :
"That the independence of Texas ought to be
acknowledged by the United States whenever satis-
factory information should he received that it had
in successful operation a civil government capable
of performing the duties and fulfilling the obligations
of an independent Power."
In December, 1836, President. Jackson, who
cannot justly be accused of ever failing to assert
all the rights of this Government, sent a spe-
cial message to Congress recommending delay
in the recognition of Texas. In this message
he says:
" The acknowledgment of anew State as independ-
ent and entitled to a place in the family of nations
is at all times an act of great delicacy and responsi-
bility ; but more especially so when such State has
forcibly separated itself from another, of which it
had formed an integral part, and which still claims
dominion over it. A premature recognition under
these circumstances, il not looked upon as a justifi-
able cause of war, is always liable to be regarded as
a proof of an unfriendly spirit to one of theeontend-
ing parties. All questions relative to the govern-
ment of foreign nations have been treated by the
United States as ion'-: of fart o??/•/,-_ aud our ;ne-
decessors have cautiously abstained from deciding
upon ttiein until the clearest evidence icas in their
possession to enable them not only to decide correctly,
but to shield their decisions from every unioorthy impu-
tation." * " In the contest between
Spain and her revolted colonies we stood aloof, and
waited not only until the ability of the new States to
protect themselves was fully established, but until
the danger of their being again subjugated had en-
tirely passed away. Then, and not until then, they
wero recognized. Such was our course in regard to |
Mexico herself. Tnc same policy was observed in
all the disputes arising oat of the separation into
distinct governments of those Spanish American
States which began or cariiedon the eon test with the
parent country, united under one form of govern-
ment. We acknowledged tneseparateindependence
oi New Granada, of Venezuela, and of Ecuador only
after their independent existence was no longer a
subje-t of dispute or was actually acquiesced m Dy
those with whom they had been previously united.
" It is true that with regard to Texas tho civil au-
thority of Mexico U..s been expelled, its invading
army defeated, the chief of the republic himself cap-
tured, and all present power to control tho newly
organized government of Texas annihilated within
its confines. But, on the other hand, there is, in
appearance at least, an immenso disparity of phys-
ical force on theside of Texas. ThcMoxican repub-
lic, under another executive, is rallying its forces
under a new leader, and menacing a fresh invasion
to recover its lost dominion. Upon the issue of this
fresh invasion the independence of Texas may be
considered as suspended; and wero there nothing
peculiar in the relative situation of the^ United States
and Texas our acknowledgment of its independence
at such a crisis could hardly bo regarded as consistent
with the prudent reserve with which we have here-
tofore held ourselves bound to treatall similar ques-
tions." * " Prudence, therefore,
seems to dictate that we should still stand aloof and
maintain our present attitude, if not until Mexico
itself or one ot the great foreign Powers shall recog-
nize the independence of the new government, at
least until the lapse of time or the course of events
shall have proved beyond cavil or dispute the ability
of that country to maintain their separate sovereignty
and to uphold tho government established by them.'"'
The prudent counsels of this message of
President Jackson are all the more worthy of
heed because the acquisition of Texas was
already a slaveholders' scheme for the exten-
sion of slave territory, and the sympathies of
the President may be supposed to have been
with his southern friends. It is to this that he
undoubtedly refers when he intimates that
there was something "peculiar in the relative
situation of the United States and Texas."
The independence of Texas was not recog-
nized by our Government until March, 1837—
more than two years after the commencement
of its battle for independence, and nearly a
year after the last Mexican army had been
driven from its territory.
We have another instance of the view taken
by our Government of its duties toward foreign
Governments and insurrectionary peoples in
the action of the United States with reference
to Hungary. In 1848 the Hungarians estab-
lished an independent government completely
organized, and with a large army successfully
resisted the efforts of Austria to subjugate it.
In the fall of that year some Hungarian agents
came to the United States and urged upon our
Government the recognition of their independ-
ence. President Tajlor declined any imme-
diate action, but in 1849 sent Dudley Mann to
Europe, with secret instructions ';to obtain
information in regard to Hungary and her re-
sources and prospects, with a view to the early
recognition of her independence and the for-
mation of commercial relations with her."
The mission of Mr. Mann was secret and con-
fidential, and was not known to the Hunga-
rians or to the Austrians, and could not in any
way, therefore, have influenced the result; and
it only became public in 1850 in a communica-
tion sent by the President to the Senate of the
United States. The Austrian Government,
however, made it at once the subject of an in-
quiry, which led to a correspondence between
Mr. Hulseman, the Austrian charge d'affaires
at Washington, and Mr. Webster, Secretary
of State. The objection taken by the Austrian
Government to the coarse pursued by the
United States was that it showed a desire to lie
prompt in recognizing Hungary. Mr, Webster
justified the course of our Government, both
on the ground that it was important to get I
accurate information of t'^o condition of the
revolution, and that Mr. Mann's mission and
his instructions were secret, and therefore I
could have had no effect upon the contest. I
The latest, and for our present purpose and i
instruction the most important American con- '
struction of the law of nations, as governing j
the conduct of neutral Poser.-, in cases of in-
surrection and rebellion, is found in a letter of
our late minister to England, Mr. Adams, au- |
dressed to Earl Russell in the correspondence
respecting the Alabama claims. Mr. Adams
thus gives the American view of the law:
" Yv'lieneveran insurrection against the established ,
Government takes place, the duty of Governments !
under obligations to maintain peace and friendship '
with it appears to be at first toabsinin carefvMv from
any step that may hive the smallest influence in njfecting ,
the resvlt. "Whenever facts occur of which u is ne-
cessary to take notice, either because thev involve ;
the necessity of protecting personal interests at home I
or avoiding an implication in the struggle, then it i
appears to bo just and right to provide for the cmer- ;
gency by specific measures prccisch/ to the extent that j
tiiuii berequired and no further. Icis.tlien, facts alone,
and not appearances or presumptions^ that j w^tifu action. ^
Bu! even are not to be dealt toiih furiurr thaii the 1
occasion demands. A rigid neutrality in whatever
may be done is, of course, understood. _ If after the !
lapse of a reasonable period tiiere bo Iiitleprospoct
of a termination of the struggle, especially it this ho
carried on upon the ocean, a recognition of the par-
ties as belligerents appears to be justifiable; and at
that time, so far as I can ascertain, such a step has
never been objected to."
Earl Russell, in his portion of the corre-
spondence, does not differ from Mr. Adams in
his general principle, but only contends that
the slaveholders' rebellion in this country had
attained such proportions that it became neces-
sary, and therefore not in conflict with Mr.
Adams's understanding of the law of nations,
to recognize it as a belligerent.
_ I do not need, Mr. Speaker, to quote author-
ities further. Those I have adduced show
conclusively that while this Government has
always insisted that it must be its own judge
of the time when it will not only recognize the
belligerent rights of an insurrection, but when
it will recognize the independence of a success-
ful revolutionary government, it has yet never
deviated from the rule as laid down by w heaton.
That rule requires that no insurrection against
a friendly Power shall in anyway be officially
recognized by us, except so far as the necessi-
ties of trade aud commerce may require, until
it has fully and clearly established an inde-
pendent government.
The Government not only stands upon that
rule to-day, but insists upon it in its negotia-
tions with the English Government respecting
the Alabama claims ; affirming, in the language
of Mr. Adams, that it is the duty of this Gov-
ernment "to carefully abstain from any step
that may have the smallest influence in affect-
ing the result" of any insurrection against an
established Government.
I am aware that the resolutions of sympathy
with Crete may be thought to be an exception
to this rule, but a careful examination of those
resolutions will show that they were not in-
tended for home consumption alone, nor alone
to encourage the Cretans, but were addressed
in a friendly spirit to the Turkish Government.
The resolutions were written by Mr. Sumheh,
and are very carefully guarded in their expres-
sion of sympathy, as will be seen by the copy
which I read:
" Beit resolved, &c., That the people of tho United
States renew the expression of their sympathy with
the suffering people of Crete, to whom they are bound
by ties of a common religion and by the gratitude
due to the Greek race, of which the Cretans arc a
part; that they rejoieo to believe that the sufferings
of this interesting people may be happily terminated
by a policy of forbearance on the part of tho Turkish
Government; and they hereby declare their earnest
hopo that tho Turkish Government will listen kindly
to this representation, and will speedily adopt such
generous steps as will secure to Crete the much
desired blessings of pcace and the advantage of
autonomic government.
"See. 2. And be it further resolved, That religion,
civilization, and humanity require that the existing
contest in Crete should be brought to a close, and to
accomplish this result the civilized Powers of tho
world should unite in friendly influence with the
Government of'turkey.
M Sec. 3. And be it further revolved. That it be the
duty of the President to instruct the minister of the
United States at Constantinople to cooperate with the
ministers of other Powers in all good offices to term-
inate thosufferings of the people of Crete; and that
it shall be the further duty of the President to com-
municate a copy of this resolution to the Government
of Turkey."
The Spanish Government could not have
objected to resolutions like these, as the Turk-
ish Government could find in them no occasion
for offense.
If the authorities I have arrayed prove any-
thing, they establish the principle that it is the
duty of this Government to be entirely neutral
in its relation to the contending parties in the
Island of Cuba. This neutrality must be some-
thing more than a mere name. It should affect
every official act and expression, not only of
our Executive and Senate, but of every de-
partment of the Government. The duty of
neurality is as binding upon Congress as it is
upon the President, and as binding upon one
liouso as upon both; consuls and ministers
cannot throw it off; courts cannot ignore it;
no officer of the Government can, so far as
his official duties are concerned, escape from
its binding obligations. I agrea that it doe?
