20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[April 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Proposed Recognition of Ouba—Mr. Willard.
41st Con©....]st Sess.
not necessarily reach far enough to cover a
mass meeting in Cooper Institute, or the elo-
quent lips of Mr. Beeeher; and quite likely
any member of this House would violate no
law of nations by addressing a public meeting
in favor of or voting in such meeting for reso-
lutions of sympathy with the people of Cuba.
Bat when a vote is asked here we must vote,
if at all, under the obligations of our oath and
as a part of the Government of the United
States. Any action we may take has an official
character; and any action that this House alone
may properly take is, as far as we are con-
cerned, a full and complete official expression.
If this were a joint resolution members might
possibly excuse an affirmative vote by the belief
that the other branch of Congress would not
concur, and thus the resolution having failed
the action of this House would become prac-
tically of no consequence. Butif we pass this
resolution we purposely put this expression in
such shape as to make ourselves at least fully
responsible for every position taken in it. It
becomes an official act, complete in itself, and
not needing the concurrence of the Senate to
give it all the vitality it can have.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Speaker, nor is it
necessary to my argument, to consider whether
this House has the right under the Constitu-
tion to intermeddle with the Executive and Sen-
ate in their treatment of foreign affairs. When
the House of Representatives unanimously
passed a resolution declaring its opposition to
the recognition of a monarchy in Mexico Mr.
Seward courteously informed the French Gov-
ernment that, while that resolution undoubtedly
truly inteipreted-the unanimous sentiment of
the people of the United States, it was "an-
other and distinct question whether the United
States would think it necessary or proper to
express themselves in the form adopted by the
House of Representatives." "That," he de-
clared, "is a practical and purely executive
question, and the decision of it constitutionally
belongs, not to the House of Representatives,
nor even to Congress, but to the President of
the linited States." Mr. Seward also in that
communication laid stress upon the fact that
the declaration was in the form of a joint reso-
lution, and not having received the concur-
rence of the Senate, had no validity as a legis-
lative act. Vv liether Mr. Seward was right or
not in his view ot the value of an expression
of this House respecting our foreign relations,
I am not in favor ot putting Secretary Fish
under the necessity of following Mr. Seward's
example by informing the Spanish minister
that what this House of Representatives may
do or vote in respect to Cuba is of no sort
of consequence ; nor do 1 think it adds much
to the dignity or position or strength of this
House as a part of the Government, to pass
a resolution which is to be explained away
by the executive department, very much as it
would explain the resolutions which might
be adopted by a Cuban junta, or by a mass
meeting. If we have not the constilutional
right to declare what governments shall and
what shall not be recognized, what rebellions
shall and what shall not be encouraged, we
shall not oniy maintain our own self-respect,
but, add to the respect in which our actions
and votes are held by the people and by
the other branches of the Government, by a
' ' masterly inactivity " on this and similar sub-
jects ; and it we have the constitutional right
to have any declaration we may make in regard
to Cuba respected by anybody, that declaration
should not be made until it is warranted bv the
law of nations and the practice of this Gov-
ernment.
In the case of Cuba that time has not yet
arrived. Jt is not improper for me to state
that the Committee on Foreign Relations had
before them no official information whatever
respecting the actual condition of the insurrec-
tion. We had the newspaper reports, as mem-
bers of this House have had them from day to
day, but they establish nothing except that
there is an insurrection in some parts of the
island. One of the last dispatches which I
have seen from Havana gives no news, be-
cause all the reports from the interior were so
contradictory and unreliable as to be worthy
of no credence. The insurrection has been in
existence for five months only, and has made
yet but very little progress in getting control
of the important parts of the island. It has
yet possession of no sea-port, and has not put
itself in such a position as to be accorded even
belligerent rights. An English gentleman, in
a recent letter from the " seat of war," says
he had been traveling from place to place in
search of the insurrection, but had been un-
able to find it; it was always in advance or in
rear of him, or somewhere else than where he
was. It has as yet not so far "consolidated"
itself, to use the word employed by Mr. Clay,
as to have a form of government, but is under-
stood to be under the direction of juntas ; and
branch juntas, I notice, are being established
in this country. Whatever there is of this
insurrection, whatever hope the people of the
island or the friends of liberty anywhere may
have that out of this rebellion will come the
ripe fruit of free government, it is yet, in the
words of_Mr. Clay, an "immature revolu-
tion," whichhas no claims whatever for recog-
nition by our Government or by us. In point
of time, then, as well as in point of fact, the
action asked for is premature, and being pre-
mature is, for that very reason, in violation
of the duty we owe to a friendly State—a duty
which does not permit us to depart from the
strictest neutrality, and which demands that
we take no action which shall give moral aid
to the insurrectionists in Cuba.
I should not object, Mr. Speaker, if there
were any need of our taking action, in urging
the recognition of established governments
upon an Executive who had shown by years
of inaction a hesitation in recognizing such
governments. This was the occasion of the
passage of Mr. Clay's resolution respecting
the provinces of South America in 1821. That
resolution—and this is modeled after it—was
not offered in Congress until long after the
revolutions in the Spanish provinces had be-
come a success ; and it was intended, without
doubt, as the mildest possible way of saying to
President Monroe that ho had been quite too
slow in his recognition of those States. A
committee waited upon the President with it,
thus showing the object of the House in pasa-
ing it; and the refusal of the House to amend
the resolution by the addition of a clause ap-
proving the President's course, sufficiently in-
dicates the cause of the action. Indeed, the
debate upon that resolution shows that its pur-
pose was to urge the President to take action
which the House believed right and ought to
have been taken years before. Have we any
such cause for putting spurs to a dilatory
Executive?
If, then, there is no warrant in the law of
nations, or in the practice of this Government,
for the passage of this resolution, why should
I vote for it?
Is the occasion a fortunate one to inaugurate
a new policy of foreign intervention ? Are we
quite ready to take not only a step in advance
of our own former practice, but a long step in
advance of the practice of all other Powers, in
giving aid and comfort to insurrections against
established Governments ? Are the Alabama
claims against England resting on such a sure
basis of international law that we can wisely
send an official vote of sympathy to an insur-
rection which yet has neither strength nor
organized form? If the people of Jamaica
were in revolt would we send the same word
of cheer to them? Shall we aet the part of a
bully and shake our fists in the face of Spain,
when we would not do the same thing to France
or England?
I do not oppose this resolution, Mr. Speaker,
because as an individual I have no sympathy
with people struggling for their liberties against
despotic power. I may not be so sanguine as
some of my colleagues that out of this insur-
rection will come a stable, free, republican
government. Some of the rose-colored vis-
ions of free government in Spanish America
have hardly been realized. If the people of
Cuba desire to live under a form of govern-
ment^of their own choice, I hope they may
establish such a government. Certainly I
would, and I should hope this Government
would put no obstacle in their way. When a
revolution throws off despotic authority and
brings in and establishes a government of the
people, I would have all haste consistent with
well-established principles of international law
made in its recognition. But, as a Government,
or as a branch of the Government, we cannot
take sides in any way with an insurrection
which has not become a success, without put-
ting ourselves in an attitude of hostility to the
Government against which the insurrection
has been set on foot. Yet this resolution, if
it means anything, gives and was intended to
give moral support, aid, and comfort to the
insurgents in Cuba. It is an official declara-
tion of one branch of the Government, pur-
posely so phrased as not to require the assent
of any other branch of the Government to
give it life, that we hope the Cubans will suc-
ceed itftheir rebellion against Spain. It arrays
this House of Representatives on the side of
the insurgents, and is not less hostile in fact,
although it may be in words, to the provisional
government of Spain than it would be if it
proposed armed intervention. It is not ad-
dressed to Spain, but to the insurgents in Cuba.
Its object is not by friendly offices to induce
the Spanish Government to give to the Cubans
what the Liberals of the Peninsula have just,
as they hoped, achieved for themselves, the
right of self-government; but its manifest pur-
pose is to strengthen the arms and give hope
to the hearts of the insurrectionary "people
of Cuba." In fact, the animus of the resolu-
tions, and the end to which it would undoubt-
edly lead, if many of the outside promoters of
it could as easily move the sympathies of the
Executive and of the State Department as to
excite the filibustering tendencies of this
House, are more than hinted at in the follow-
ing paragraph from a morning paper :
"The sympathies of the entire American nation
are with the struggling patriots of Cuba; and while
the Government should do nothing hastily, nor for-
get duty ;t,s a neutral Power, there is danger that we
may err on the side of caution, and that a noble peo-
ple,, whose hearts beat in sympathv with ours, may
perish for the want of that moral aid it is our duty
reod^iliem as jsoon as they have shown evidence
ot an ability to maintain the stand they have taken
and have so nobly held during the past five months.'*
What this '' moral aid" is expected to en-
courage may be inferred from this item in a
New York paper:
''The story of a Cuban drill-room, which we print
this morning-, gives a hint of a work that is believed
to be far more general than has hitherto been sup-
posed. Cuban patriots are doing something else m
New lork beside holding mass meetings and listen-
ing to speeches."
_ A recent letter from New Orleans also fur-
nishes the following information :
" An expedition is now fitting out in this city which
will be ot the most formidable character, and which
the Government, if it de&iies to maintain its popu-
larity and retain the affections of the people, had
better not interfere with any further than merely to
make a show of good faith toward the Spanish (Gov-
ernment.
44 The progress of the expedition may be retarded
by official interference but it cannot be stopped.
There arc men at the head of it nnd men at the back
of it who never say fail, and those who are in the
secret herelook forward to ccrtain success and bene-
ficial results.
" | Cuba must be free,' is the watchword of the ex-
peditionists, and they will not stop until the com-
mand becomes a fact.
"That such men as Francis P. Blair and General
Steadman are deep in the movement is no scorct
here, and is common talk.
"That the steamship Cuba, one of the fastest ves-
sels that ever crossed the tfulf of Mexico, has been
secured for initiatory service is equally well known.
