1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
41st Cong....Special Sess.
Our Claims on England—Mr. Sumner."
Senate.
The Cuba is now probably in Baltimore, she having
left Havana on the 1st instant for that port. She is
comparatively a young vessel, and is well and stoutly
built. She is over one thousand tons burden, and
is fully able to convey twelve to fifteen hundred men
to any part of the coast of the island in whose honor
she is named.
"Those who are contributing time and money to
the enterprise say that they have no fear of Govern-
ment interference, as they had arranged matters to
their satisfaction on that score before they com-
menced tbe job.
"A few days will develop the details, and the pub-
lic can then talk over the matter while the Cuba,
with a formidable armament and well found in men,
is steaming for the struggling patriots."
Our Government has already been obliged
to order Admiral Hoff to keep a sharp lookout
for filibustering expeditions, and if it is not
now known it will be when the next deficiency
bill is brought in that our " sympathy " for the
Cuban insurgents is costing us considerable
money to enforce our own neutrality laws. Is
it worth our while to give any more '' moral
aid" to Cuban drill-rooms in New York and
Cuban expeditions from New Orleans? Is it
worth while, by such resolutions as this, to give
currency to Cuban bonds in our markets, and
to encourage officials, by remissness in their
duties, to suffer Cuban expeditions to sail from
our ports ?
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that the popular
ear is not tickled by speeches in opposition to
such projects as give strength to this resolu-
tion ; and I am not ignorant of the fact that the
covetous eyes with which for many years many
of our people have looked upon the "gem of
the Antilles" will grow bright at the announce-
ment that this measure has received the in-
dorsement of a majority of this House. This
is not the first insurrection in Cuba, and the
present is not the first time in our history that
filibustering has had a temporary popularity.
The Inst for territory seemsyet to possess others
than Mr. Seward, and real estate operations
and projects for annexation, if they abandoned
ths State Department, did not leave all branches
of the Government with the late Secretary.
The "manifest destiny" men still live, and
although our flag does not yet fully protect or
give free government to nil upon our own soil,
they would run our boundaries beyond the
limits of the unsettled and fighting populations
of the West Indies and the turbulent factions
of Mexico, and would make American citizens
alike of the Esquimaux toward the north pole
and the naked natives of the tropics. I be-
lieve this resolution has its chief and most
active support, both iu and out of this House,
from those who favor this project of continental
empire. For myself, however, I am by no
means assured that the United States have not
already territory enough ; and I am quite cer-
tain that, until freedom and equal rights and
the peaceful enjoyment of life and liberty are
made abundantly secure to white and black at
home, it is not wise, just, or expedient to take
up the quarrels of any other people or attempt
to establish free governments upon any foreign
soil. ,
In whatever view, Mr. Speaker, I have been
able to look at this measure, whether as tried
by the law of nations, by the uniform practice
of this Government, by the facts so far as we
know anything respecting the state of the in-
surrection in Cuba, by the embarrassment in
which it may place us in pressing our claims
against England, by the encouragement it gives
to unlawful expeditions in aid of the insurgents,
or by its purpose as part of a general scheme
of extended empire, I can only see good rea-
son for deprecating its passage. And I can-
not reconcile it with my duty as a member ot
this House, bound to uphold its prerogatives
and give force and dignity to all its legislative
action, to vote for this measure as mereiy harm-
less buncombe, of which Spain should take no
notice, and which should have no more signm-
cance than the resolves of a mass meeting or
an American branch junta: as at present 1 am
not prepared to put that estimate upon any
action of this House.
I shall, sir, consider the adoption of this res-
olution as most unwise and inconsiderate, lead-
ing to mischievous results in the present, and
likely to be drawn into a dangerous precedent
for similar unwise action hereafter.
Our Claims on England.
SPEECH OF HON. CHAS. SUMNER,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In Executive Session of the Senate,
April 13, 1869,
On the Johnson-Clarendon Treaty for the
settlement of Claims.
(Injunction of secrecy removed by order of the
Senate.)
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, a report
recommending that the Senate do not advise
and consent to a treaty with a Foreign Power,
duly signed by the Plenipotentiary of the na-
tion, is of rare occurrence. Treaties are often
reported with amendments, and sometimes
without any recommendation ; but I do not
recall an instance, since I came into the Sen-
ate, where such a treaty has been reported
with the recommendation which is now under
consideration. The character of the treaty
seemed to justify the exceptional report. The
committee did not hesitate in the conclusion
that the treaty ought to he rejected, and they
have said so.
I do not disguise the importance of this act;
but I believe that in the interest of peace, which
every one should have at heart, the treaty must
be rejected. A treaty which, instead of remov-
ing an existing grievance, leaves it for heart-
burning and rancor, cannot be considered a
settlement of pending questions between two
nations. It may seem to settle them, but does
not. It is nothing but a snare. And such is
the character of the treaty now before us. The
massive grievance under which our country
suffered for years is left untouched ; the pain-
ful sense of wrong planted in the national heart
is allowed t,o remain. Forall this there is not
one word of regret or even of recognition ; nor
is there any semblance of compensation. It
cannot be for the interest of either party that
such a treaty should be ratified. It cannot pro-
mote the interest of the United States, for we
naturally seek justice as the foundation of a
good understanding with Great Britain j nor
can it promote the interest of Great Britain,
which must also seek a real settlement of all
pending questions. Surely I do not err when
I say that a wise statesmanship, whether on our
side or on the other side, must apply itself to
find the real root of evil, and then, with cour-
age tempered by candor and moderation, see
that it is extirpated. This is for the interest of
both parties, and anything short of it is a fail-
ure. It is sufficient to say that the present treaty
does no such thing, and that whatever may
have been the disposition of the negotiators,
the real root of evil remains untouched in all
its original strength.
I make these remarks merely to characterize
the treaty and prepare the way for its con-
sideration.
TIIE PKXDISft TREATY.
If we look at the negotiation, which imme-
diately preceded the treaty, we find little to
commend. You have it on your table. I think
I am not mistaken when I say, that it shows a
haste which finds few precedents in diplomacy,
but which is explained by the anxiety to reach
a conclusion belore the advent ot a new Ad-
ministration. Mr. Seward and Mr. Reverdy
j! Johnson both unite in this unprecedented ac-
! | tivity, using the Atlantic cable ireely. I should
:i not object to haste or to the freest use of the
cable, if the result were such as could be ap-
proved ; but, considering the character of the
transaction, and how completely the treaty con-
ceals the main cause of offense, it seems as
if the honorable negotiators were engaged in
huddling something out of sight.
The treaty has for its model the Claims Con-
vention of 1853. To take such a Convention
as a model was a strange mistake. This Con-
vention was for the settlement of outstanding
claims of American citizens on Great Britain,
and of British subjects on the United States,
which had arisen since the treaty of Ghent in
1815. It concerned individuals only and not
the nation. It was not in any respect political;
nor was it to remove any sense of national
wrong. To take such a Convention as the
model for a treaty, which was to determine a
national grievance of transcendant importance
in the relations of two countries, marked on
the threshold an insensibility to the true na-
ture of the difference to be settled. At once
it belittled the work to be done.
An inspection of the treaty shows how from
beginning to end it is merely for the settlement
of individual claims on both sides, putting both
batches on an equality—so that the sufferers by
the misconduct of England may be counterbal-
anced by British blockade-runners. It opens
with a preamble, which, instead of announcing
the unprecedented question between the two
countries, simply refers to. individual claims
which have arisen since 1853—which was thelast
time of settlement—so m e of which are still pend -
ing and remain unsettled. Who would believe
that, under these words of common place, was
concealed that unsettled difference which has
already so deeply stirred the American people,
and is destined until finally adjusted to occupy
the attention of the civilized world? Nothing
here gives notice of the real question. I quote
the preamble, as itisthekey-noteto the treaty:
"Whereas claims have at various times since the
exchange of tho ratifications of the convention be-
tween Great Britain and the United States of America,
signed, at London on tho 8th of February, 18o3, been
made upon the Government of herBritannicMajesty
on the part of citizens of the United States, ana upon
the Government of tho United States on the part ot
subjects of her Britannic Majesty; and whereas some
of suck claims are still pending and remain unsettled,
her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of
Groat Britain and Ireland, and the President of the
United States of America, being of opinion that a
speedy and equitable settlement of all such claims
will contribute much to the maintenance of the
friendly feelings which subsist between tho tvvo coun-
tries, have resolved to make arrangements for that
purpose by means of a convention."
The provisions of the treaty are for the trial
of these cases. A commission is constituted,
which is empowered to choose an arbitrator 5
but in the event of a failure to agree, the arbi-
trator shall be determined i(by lot5'' out of two
persons named by each side. Even if tins
j aleatory proceeding were a proper device in
1 the umpirage of private claims, it is strangely
j inconsistent with the solemnity which belongs
to the present question. The moral sense is
disturbed by such a process at any stage of the
trial; nor is it satisfied by the subsequent pro-
vision for the selection of a sovereign or head
of a friendly State as arbitrator.
The treaty not merely makes no provision for
the determination of the great question, but it
seems to provide expressly that it shall never
hereafter be presented. The petty provision
for individual claims, subject to a set-off from
the individual claims of England, so ihatin the
end our country may possib y receive nothing,
is the consideration for this strange surrender.
I borrow a term from an English statesman
on another occasion, if I call it a :i capitula-
tion." For the settlement of a few individual
claims we condone the original, far-reaching,
and destructive wrong. Ilere are the plain
words by which this is done:
" The high contracting parties engage to consider
! the result of the proceedings of this commission as a
! fall and final settlement of every claim.upon either
Government arising out of any transaction of a date
prior to the exchangeof the ratifications of the Pres-
ent convention, and farther engage that every such
claim, whether or not the same may havo been pre-
: sented to the notice of, made, preferred, or laid belore
i the said commission, shall, from and after the con-
1 elusion of the proceedings of the said commission
be considered and treated as finally settled and
i barred, and thenceforth inadmissible.
