1869.]
appendix to the congressional globe
23
41st Cong....Special Sess.
Our Claims on England—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
invoked for apology. _ Itis "neutrality," which,
it is said, was proclaimed between two belliger-
ents. Nothing could be fairer, always pro-
vided that the " neutrality" ^roclaimed dia not
begin with a concession to one party, without
which this party would be powerless. Between
two established Nations, both independent, as
between Russia and Prance, there may be neu-
trality ; for the two are already equal in rights,
and the proclamation would be precisely equal
in its operation. But where one party is an
established Nation and the other is nothing
but an odious combination of rebels, the proc-
lamation is most unequal in operation; for it
begins by a solemn investiture of rebels with
all the rights of war, saying to them, as was
once said to the youthful knight, " Eise ; here
is a sword ; use it." To call such an investi-
ture a proclamation of neutrality is amisnomer.
It was a proclamation of equality between the
national Government on the one side and rebels
on the other, and no plausible word can obscure
this distinctive character.
Then came the building of the pirate ships,
one after another. _ While the Alabama was
still in the ship-yard it became apparent that she
was intended for the rebels. Our minister at
Londou and our consul at Liverpool exeited
themselves for her arrest and detention. They
were put off from day to day. On the 24th July,
1862, ilr. Adams " completed his evidence,"
accompanied by an opinion from the eminent
barrister, Mr. Collier, afterward Solicitor Gen-
eral, declaring the plain duty of the British Gov-
ernment to stop her. Instead of acting promptly
by the telegraph, five days were allowed to run
Out, when at last too tardily the necessary order
was dispatched. Meanwhile the pirate ship
escaped from theportof Liverpool by a strata-
gem and her voyage began with music and frolic.
Here beyond ail question was negligence, or,
according to the language of Lord Brougham on
another occasion, " crass negligence." making
England justly responsible lor all that ensued.
J he pirate ship found reiuge m an obscure
harbor ot' Wales, known as Moelfra bay, where
she lay in British waters from half past seven
o'clock p. m. July 29, to about three o'clock a.
m. Jniy 31, being upward of thirty-six hours,
and during this lime she was supplied with men
lrom the British steam-tug Hercules, whic.h
followed h"r irom Liverpool. Tnese thirty-six
hours were allowed to elapse without any at-
tempt to stop her. Here was another stage of
•' crass negligence."
Thus was there negligence in allowing the
building to pioceecl, negligence in allowing
the escape from Liverpool, and negligence in
allowing tile final escape from the British
coast. Lord iiusstU. while trying to vindicate
his Government and repelling the complaints
of the United States, more than once' admitted
that the escape of the Alabama wa.s a scan-
dal and reproach," which to my mind is very
like a confession. Language could not be
stronger. Surely such an act cannot be blame-
less. If damages are ever awarded to a friendly
Power for injuries received it is difficult to see
where they could be more strenuously claimed
than in a case, which the First Minister of the
offending Power did not hesitate to character-
ize so strongly.
The enlistment of the crew was not less
obnoxious to censure than the building of the
si.ip and her escape. It was a part of the
transaction. The evidence is explicit. Not
to occupy too much tune, 1 refer only to the
oiiiaavitof William P.issmore, who swears that
he was engaged with the express understand-
ing that the "ship was " to fight for the govern
ment of ihe Confederate States of America;"
that he joined her at Laird's yard at Birken-
head, near Liverpool, remaining there several
days ; that ho found about thirty old man-of-
war's-men on board, among whom, it was ''well
known, that she was going out as a privateer
for the Confederate Government to fight under
a commission fioiu Mr. Jefferson Davis." In a
list of the crew now before me there is a large
number said to be from the " royal naval
reserve." I might add to this testimony. The
more the ease is examined, the more "clearly
do we discern the character of the transaction.
The dedication of the ship to the rebel ser-
vice, from the very laying of the keel and the
organization of her voyage with England as her
naval base, from which she drew munitions of
war and men, made her departure as much a
hostile expedition, as if she had sailed forth
from her Majesty's dock-yard. At a moment of
profound peace, between the United States and
England, there was a hostile expedition against
the United States. It was in no just sense a
commercial transaction, but an act of war.
The case is not yet complete. The Alabama,
whose building was in defiance of law, inter-
national and municipal, whose escape was "a
scandal and reproach," and whose enlistment
of her crew was a fit sequel to the rest, after
being supplied with an armament and with a
rebel commander, entered upon her career of
piracy. Mark now a new stage of complicity.
Constantly the pirate ship was within reach of
British cruisers, aud from time to time within
the shelter of British ports. For six days un-
molested she enjoyed the pleasant hospitality
of Kingston, in Jamaica, obtaining freely the
coal and other supplies so necessary to her
vocation. But no British cruiser, no British
magistrate ever arrested the offending ship,
whose voyage was a continuing " scandal and
reproach" to the British Government.
The excuse for this strange license is a curious
technicality, as if a technicality could avail in
this case at any stage. Borrowing a phrase
from that master of Admiralty jurisprudence,
Sir William Scott, it is said that the ship "de-
posited" her original sin at the conclusion of
her voyage, so that afterward she was blame-
less. But the Alabama never concluded her
voyage until she sank under the guns of the
Kearsarge, because she never had a port of her
own. She was no better than the Flying Dutch-
man, and so long as she sailed was liable for
that original sin which had impregnated every
plank with an indelible dye. No British cruiser
could allow her to proceed, no British port
could give her shelter without renewing the
complicity of England.
The Alabama case begins with a fatal con-
cession by which the rebels were enabled to
build ships in England and then to saii them
without being liable as pirates ; it next shows
itself in the building of the ship, in the arma-
ment, and in the escape, with so much of neg-
ligence on the part ot the British Government
as to constitute sufferance, if not connivance ;
and then again the case reappears in the wel-
come and hospitality accorded by British cruis-
ers and by the magistrates of British ports to
the pirate ship, when her evasion from British
jurisdiction was well known. Thus at three
different stages, the British Government is com-
promised, first, in the concession of ocean bel-
ligerency, on which all depended; secondly in
the negligence which allowed the evasion of the
ships in order to enter upon the hostile expedi-
tion for which she was built, manned, armed,
and equipped ; and, thirdly, in the open com-
plicity, which, after this evasion, gave her wel-
come hospitality and supplies in British ports.
Thus her depredations and burnings, making
the ocean blaze, all proceeded from England,
which bv three different acts lighted the torch.
To England must be traced also all the wide-
spread consequences which ensued.
I take the case of the Alabama, because it is
the best known, and because the building,
equipment, and escape of this ship were under
circumstances most obnoxious to judgment;
but it will rot be forgotten, that there were
consort ships, built under the shelter of that
fatal proclamation, issued in such an eclipse of
just principles, and, like the ships it unloosed
"rigged with curses dark." One after the
other, ships were built; ope after the other.
they escaped on theirerrand ; and, one af>er the
other, they enjoyed the immunities of British
ports. Audacity reached its height when iron-
cladrams were built, and the perversity of the
British Government became still more conspic-
uous by its long refusal to arrest these destruc-
tive engines of war, destined to be employed
against the United States. This protracted
hesitation, where the consequences were so
menacing, is a part of the case.
It is plain that the ships which were built
under the safeguard of this ill-omened procla-
mation ; which stole forth from the British
shores and afterward enjoyed the immunities
of British ports, were not only British in origin,
but British in equipment, British in arma-
ment, and British in crews. They were British
in every respect, except in their commanders
who were rebel, and one of these, as his ship was
sinking, owed his safety to a British yacht, sym-
bolizing the omnipresent support of England.
British sympathies were active in their behalf.
The cheers of a British passenger ship cross-
ing the path of the Alabama encouraged the
work of piracy, and the cheers of the House
of Commons encouraged the builder of the
Alabama, while he defended what lie had done
and exclaimed, in taunt to him, who is now an
illustrious member of the British cabinet, John
Bright, that he " would rather be handed down
to posterity as the builder of a dozen Ala-
bamas" than be the author of the speeches of
that gentleman "crying up" the institutions of
the United States, which the builder of the
Alabama, rising with his theme, denounced
" as of no value whatever and as reducing the
very name of liberty to an utter absurdity,"
while the cheers ot' the House of Commons
echoed back his words. Tlius from beginning
to end, from the fatal proclamation to the re-
joicing of the accidental ship and the rcjoicing
of the House of Commons was this hostile
expedition protected and encouraged by Eng-
land. The same spirit, which dictated the
swift concession of belligerency with all its
deadly incidents, ruled the hour, entering into
and possessing every pirate ship.
There are two circumstances by which the
whole case is aggravated. One is found in the
date of the proclamation, which lifted the rebels
to an equality with the National Government;
opening t.o tliem everything that was open to
us, whether ship-yard, foundries or manufac-
tories; and giving to them a flag on the ocean
coequal with the flag of the Union. This
extraordinary manifesto was issued on the day
before the arrival of our Minister in England,
so that when, after an ocean voyage, he reached
the British Government to which he was accred-
ited he found this great and terrible indignity
to his country already perpetrated and the flood-
gates opened to infinite woes. The Minister had
been announced ; he was daily expected. The
British Government knew of his coming. But
in hottest haste they did this thing.
The other aggravation is found in its flagrant,
unnatural departure from that Anti-Slavery
rule, which, by manifold declarations, legisla-
tive, political, and diplomatic, was the avowed
creed of England. Often was this rule pro-
claimed, but, if we except the great act of
Emancipation, never more pointedly than in the
famous circular of Lord Palinerston, while Min-
ister of Foreign Affairs, announcing to all na-
tions that England was pledged to the universal
abolition of slavery. And now, when Slave-
holders, in the very maduess of barbarism,
broke away from the National Government and
attempted to found a new empire with Slavery
as its declared corner stone, Anti-Slavery Eng-
land, without a day's delay, without even waiting
the arrival of our Minister, who was known to
be on his way, made haste to decree that this
shameful and impossible pretension should
| enjoy equal rights with the N<i*ioual Govern-
i ment in her ship yards, foundries, and manu-
I factories, and equal rights on the ocean. Such
1 was the decree. Rebel Slaveholders, occupied
