26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 9,
Ho. of Keps.
Recognition of Cuba—Mr. Swann.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
the war, all of which may be traced directly
to England;
illud ab uno
Corpore, et ex una pendebat origine bellum.
Three times is this liability fixed; first, by the
concession of ocean belligerency, opening to
the rebels ship-yards, foundries, and manufac-
tories, and giving to them a Sag on the ocean;
secondly, by the organization of hostile ex-
peditions, which, by admissions in Parliament,
were nothing less than piratical war on the Uni-
ted States with England as the naval base: and,
thirdly, by welcome, hospitality, and supplies
extended to these pirate ships in ports of the
British empire. Show either of these and the
liability of England is complete. Show the
three and this Power is bouncl by a triple cord.
conclusion.
Mr. President, in concluding these remarks,
I desire to say that I am no volunteer. For sev-
eral years I have carefully avoided saying any-
thing on this most irritating question, being
anxious that negotiations should be left undis-
turbed to secure a settlement, which could be
accepted by a deeply injured nation. The sub-
mission of the pending treaty to the judgment
of the Senate left me no alternative. It be-
came my duty to consider it carefully in com-
mittee, and to review the whole subject. If I
failed to find what we had a right to expect,
and, if the just claims of our country assumed
unexpected proportions, it was not because I
would bear hard on England, but because I
wish most sincerely to remove all possibility
of strife between our two countries, and, it is
evident that this can be done only by first
ascertaining the nature and extent of differ-
ence. In this spirit I have spoken to-day. If
the case against England is strong, and if our
claims are unprecedented in magnitude, it is
only because the conduct of this Power at
a trying period was most unfriendly, and the
injurious consequences of this conduct were
on a scale ^ corresponding to the theater of
action. Life and property were both swallowed
up, leaving behind a deep-seatedsense of enor-
mous wrong, as yet unatoned and even unac-
knowledged, which is one of the chief factors
in the problem now presented to the statesmen
of both countries. The attempt to close this
great international debate without a complete
settlement is little short of puerile.
With the lapse of time and with minuter con-
sideration the case against England becomes
more grave, not only from the questions of
iiiteinational responsibility which it involves,
but from better comprehension of the damages
which are seen now in their true proportions.
Duiing the war aud for some time thereafter it
was impossible to state them. The mass of a
mountain cannot be measured at its base. The
observer must occupy a certain distance, and
this rule of perspective is justly applicable to !
damages which are vast beyond precedent. ;
A few dates will show the progress of the |
controversy and how the case enlarged. Go- !
ing as far back as 20th November, i8g2, we !
find our Minister in London, Mr. Adams, call- I
ing for redress from the British Government I
on account of the Alabama. This was the
mild beginning, On the 23d October, 1803,
in another communication the same Minister
suggested to the British Government " any
fair and equitable form of arbitrament or ref-
erence."^ This proposition slumbered in the
British Foreign Office for nearly two years,
duiing which the Alabama was pursuing her
piratical career, when on 30th August, 1865,
it was awakened by Lord Russell only to be
knocked down m these words:
"In your letter of October 23, 1833, you were
pleased to fay that the Government of the United
States is ready to agree to any form of arbitration."
~ ' * , ". "Ilcr Majesty's Government must,
ttierciore, decline either to make repai ation and com-
pensation lor the captures m.ide by the Alabama, or
to I efer the question to any foreign State."
Such was our repulse from England, having
at least the merit of frankness, if nothing else.
On 17th October, 1805, our minister informed
Lord Bussed that the United States had finally
resolved to make no effort for arbitration.
Again the whole question slumbered until 27th '
August. I860, when Mr. Seward presented a 1
list of individual claims on account of the pirate
Alabama. From that time negotiation has
continued with ups and downs, until at last the
pending treaty was signed. Had the early
overtures of our Government been promptly
accepted, or had there been at any time a just
recognition of the wrong done, I doubt not that
this great question would have been settled ;
but the rejection of our very moderate propo-
sitions and the protracted delay, which afforded
an opportunity to review the ease in its different j
bearings, have awakened the people to the j
magnitude of the interests involved. If our i
demands are larger now than at our first call it !
is not the only time in history where such a rise :
has occurred. The story of the Sibyl is re- ;j
peated, and England is the Roman king. 11
Shall these claims be liquidated and can- jj
celed promptly, or allowed to slumber until
called into activity by some future exigency? !|
There are many among us who, taking counsel jl
of a sense of national wrong, would leave them ] j
to rest without settlement, so as to furnish a 'j
precedent for retaliation in kind, should Eng- J
land find herself at war. There are many in ;
England who, taking counsel of a perverse ■!
political bigotry, have spurned them abso- :<
. lutely ; and there aie others who, invoking the i
j point of honor, assert that England cannot en- \
tertain them without compromising her honor. ,
Thus there is peril from both sides. It is not !
♦•difficult to imagine one of our countrymen say- !
; ing with Shakspearc's Jew, "The villainy yon '
| teach me I will execute, and it shall go hard, ■.
; but. I will better the instruction;" nor is it 1
| difficult to imagine an Englishman firm in his ']
i conceit, that no apology can be maaeand noth- '},
j ing paid. I cannot sympathize with either
I side. Be the claims more or less, they are j
I honestly presented, with the conviction that |j
; they are just, and they should be considered '
1 candidly, so that they shall no longer lower !
: like a cloud ready to burst, upon two nations, :
| which, according to their inclinations, can do j;
j each other such infinite injury or such infinite ;
good. I know it is sometimes said that war >
between us must come sooner or later. I do !
not believe it. But if it must come, let it be {
later, and then I am sure it will never come, j
( Meanwhile, good men must unite to make it 'j
i impossible.
Again I say. this debate is not of my seeking.
It is not tempting, for it compels criticism of
a Foreigu Power with which I would have more
! than peace, more even than concord. But it
' cannot be avoided. The truth must be told,
not in anger, but in sadness. England lias done
to the United States an injury most difficult to
measure. Considering when it was done and
in what complicity, it is most unaccountable.
At a great epoch of history, not less moment-
ous than that of the French Revolution or
that of the Reformation, when civilization was
fighting a last battle with Slavery, England
gave her name, her influence, her material
resources to the wicked cause, and flung a
sword into the scale with Slavery. Here was a
portentous mistake. Strange that the land of
Wilberforce, after spending millions for Eman-
cipation, after proclaiming everywhere the
truths of Liberty, and ascending to glorious
primacy in the sublime movement for the uni-
versal abolition of Slavery, could do this thing !
Like every departure from the rule of justice
and good neighborhood, her conduct was per-
nicious in proportion to the scale of operations,
affecting individuals, corporations, communi-
ties, and the nation itself. And yet down to this
day there is no acknowledgment of this wrong ;
not a single word. Such a generous expression
would be the beginning of a just settlement, and
thebest assurance of that harmony between two
great and kindred nations which ail must desire.
Recognition of Cuba.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS SWANN,
OF MARYLAND,
ix this House of Representatives,
April 9, 18G9,
On theresolution extending sympathy to the inhabit-
ants of the Island of Cuba.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, as one of the
members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
I desire to say a few words in explanation of
my vote on the important subject before the
House.
The resolution reported by the honorable
chairman of the committee was passed by that
committee with great unanimity. This resolu-
tion will be found somewhat, although not ma-
terially, variant from that heretofore presented
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. It is an independent resolution
of this House instead of a joint resolution of
the House and Senate. It is not intended to
take the form of a legislative enactment or to
embarrass the Senate in the exercise of its
functions in connection with the treaty-making
power.
I need hardly refer to the precedents which
are to be found in our past legislative history
bearing upon this subject. With the permis-
sion of the House, however, I will point to a
single example.
In the first session of the Sixteenth Con-
gress Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, offered the fol-
lowing resolution :
"Resolved, That the House of Representatives par-
ticipates with the people of the United States in the
deep interest which they feel for the success of the
Spanish piovinces of South Amcrica, which are
struggling to establish their liberty and independ-
ence, and that it give its constitutional support to
the .Presidentof the UnitedStates whenever he may
deem it expedient to recognize the sovereignty and
independence of any of said provinces."
The resolution reported by t.lie committee
wffl be found almost identical in its terms with
that presented by Mr. Clay and passed with
great unanimity by the Sixteenth Congress.
So decided and emphatic was that illustrious
statesman in the debate to which it subse-
quently gave rise that he declared lie would
cease to represent his constituents if they
refused to sanction the course which he had
deemed it his duty to pursue.
I am not here, Mr. Speaker, to assert that
the time has arrived for the recognition of Hie
independence of Cuba, from any facts or in-
formation now before the committee, officially
communicated to them or derived from any
other souice in the interest of those who claim
to have set up a republican fotm of govern-
ment on that island in opposition to the pro-
visional government of Spain. I am not by
any means assured that the people of Cuba
have the ability at this time to maintain their
independence in the struggle which is now going
forward. Nor do I think it would be wise
policy in this Government, as things stand to-
day, to compromise her neutrality by any overt
act of recognition, or to take any decided
action until a government ae, facto shall have
been '^rly established and put in successful
operation which will be competent to support
itself against all attempts at subjugation on the
part of the mother country. That period, in
my judgment, looking at the rapid tendency to
revolt and resistance to the existing govern-
ment. is not far distant.
The resolution reported by the committee is
a mere resolution of sympathy. It can lead
to no international complications with the pro-
visional government of Spain, or any other
foreign Power. It is no infringement of inter-
national law or international comily. It is
simply intended, as I understand it, to express
the sympathy of the American people, through
their Representatives on this floor, with the
oppressed and downtrodden people of Cuba.
