1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Recognition of Cuba—Mr. Swarm.
Ho. op Heps.
If the recent revolution in Spain means free-
dom and free institutions, which recent events,
I regret to say, would seem to ignore, that Gov-
ernment has no cause to take offense at the
broadest expression of our sympathy with those
who have planted themselves upon the princi-
ple of sel f-government and popular sovereignty;
if, on the contrary, it means a return to the
ancient despotism which has oppressed and
ruined that country, there is the more reason
why we should at least by the expression of
our sympathy endeavor to hold in check, and
if possible turn back, a current in which the
safety of our free institutions is largely involved.
Territorial acquisition, Mr. Speaker, has
never been a favorite policy of mine, and 1 trust
that I may not be supposed to be influenced by
any consideration of this sort m the cordial
support which I shall give to this resolution.
I would rather see Cuba an independent repub-
lic, with free laws and free institutions, than I
would see her an integral part of this Union
represented by States upon this floor. So of
all the contiguous territory governed by inde-
pendent sovereignties lying upon our outskirts.
We have territory enough, in my humble judg-
ment., to be conveniently and properly cared
lor. I would not extend that area beyond the
claims of actual necessity growing out of the
dangers of our position and the duty of self-
preservation. In proportion as you increase it,
already fully up to the limit of safety, yon mul-
tiply the chances of domestic jealousy and dis-
content among the States. But I would take
good care that no institutions of foreign growth
in antagonism with our own should be per-
mitted to throw obstacles in the way of that
great march of progress upon which the Ameri-
iean people have entered with such assured
prospects of success.
At this particular j-uncture, of all others, it
seems to me that the American people should
speak out and speak boldly. It is no time for
hesitation. Their voice should be heard in
every laud where the hand of tyranny is laid
upon a suffering and oppressed people or the
liberalization of government in the interest of
humanity appeals to their countenance and
support. This Republic must ever be looked
to as the rallying point of freedom. All nations
and all peoples must appeal to our example
and guidance for moral aid and svmpathy
in the struggle for self-government which has
already commenced and may ere long convulse
the world.
The adoption of the resolution reported by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs as the settled policy of this
House carries with it several important con-
siderations which it may not be proper to lose
sight of. To some of these I shall briefly
allude :
1. The duty of the Government in the main-
tenance of free institutions.
■2. The effect of a further extension of ter-
ritory upon the practical working and safety
of our system.
3. The danger of an increase of the African
race, by annexation and extension of territory,
as a contingency of the future.
All these subjects, it will be perceived, nat-
urally suggest themselves in the discussion of
the resolution above referred to. No one can
doubt the sympathies of the American people
when the principles of republican government
are called in question. We believe in the jus-
lice of self government and the dut.v of the
peoole to guard and strengthen it bv a!i con-
stitutional and moral aid, whether ^within our
own jurisdiction or elsewhere. Ihis is the
spirit of the resolution before us, and is urg'ed
by every consideration of practical duty and
wise statesmanship. In proportion as we con-
vince the world by our own success as a com-
tnentaiy upon our institutions we build up a
power which, acting in concert with the advo-
cates of republican government throughout the
world, must sooner or later shake to its center
the divine right of kings and remit back to the
people the right to govern themselves and to
choose their own rulers. Upon the question
of annexation and a further increase of terri-
tory, considered in a political sense merely
and apart from its more important complica-
tions, a very wide difference will be found to
exist as to the effect upon the future of this
Government; and I shall take occasion to
express my views at large when a proposition
is reported embodying this feature. History
is full of examples in its development of the
progress and decay of republics, which may
warn us of the dangers to which we are ex-
posed. But the point with which I propose to
deal more directly, as having the most import-
ant bearing upon this subject, is the probable
status of the negro in this country and the
danger to be apprehended from an increase of
the African race, and the concession of a great
principle, by opening the door to annexation
as a contingency of the future.
I am one of those who believe that the
greatest calamity which has ever befallen this
country, from its origin, was the attempt by
legislation to force an unnatural union and
amalgamation of races, and I believe that a
further introduction of the African element
by annexation, as must necessarily result from
the proposed annexation of San Domingo and
Hayti, and the representation of States upon
this floor in the interest of that distinctive race,
mustgreatly heighten the embarrassment under
which we are already laboring.
I wish it understood, then, Mr. Speaker, so
far as I am concerned, that in the cordial sym-
pathy which I am ready to extend to the strug-
gling masses of Cuba, and what I am willing
to do in reference to San Domingo and Hayti,
must be received with sole reference to their
independence and sovereignty as republican
governments, and not with any view to their
annexation as integral parts of this Union. I
do not believe that the experiment of amal-
gamating the Anglo-Saxon and African races
will ever prove a success: on the contrary, I
am fully convinced that it will result in disas-
ter, and the utter prostration and extinguish-
ment of the one by the other.
The introduction of the African race into
this country by the colonial government and
its subsequent recognition in the Federal Con-
stitution was an error which we can never
cease to regret. It has done more to weaken
the bonds of union, to divide our people and to
engender strife and bitterness, than any other
subject of domestic polity that has occupied
our past legislation. It must embarrass any
action which we may take upon the resolution
of the committee. It may be said, in justifi-
cation, that the world had not at that time
reached its present advanced and enlightened
stand-point. The progress of human govern-
ment has since developed new ideas. Great
Britain, standing in the same relation with our-
selves, liberated her slaves, and other enlight-
ened nations followed in her footsteps. The
position of this country was different from that
of any other where this institution had existed.
It had become interwoven into our whole
domestic economy. It had been recognized
as an element of power in the apportionment
of representation among the States. It was
believed to be essential in the successful
development of the great staples of ^ the
South. That a strong disposition prevailed,
even among the slaveliolding interest, to rid
themselves of an institution which could not
be justified in the abstract upon any principle
of justice or humanity is apparent from the
opinions entertained by some of the leading
statesmen of the South, and the proceedings of
the Virginia convention in 1880. This measure
of reform was too complex and difficult of^ad-
justment to admit of apractical solution. The
right to hold slaves having been admitted and
guarantied by all the solemnities of a constitu-
tional co mpact, the steady and persistent clamor
of the free States and the embittered feeling
which it was so well calculated to create, pro-
duced a revulsion in public sentiment in the
South which served to retard action in the
speedy abatement of this evil. It became, as
is well known, the absorbing topic of the day.
The Constitution was ignored, the higher law
was appealed to, and men arrayed themselves
in deadly hostility to each, other as sectional
feeling or personal interest or a sense of wrong
controlled them in their action. That blame
attached to both of these contending interests
cannot be denied. If the free States were right
in the abstract principle, it may well be doubted
whether even they would have consented with-
out a struggle, to relinquish so large an amount
of capital, without just compensation, as that
represented by the slave interest of the South.
But the South alone was not singular in her
estimate of the difficulties which surrounded
the whole subject. When the war broke out
conflicting opinions prevailed in all sections
among the people and in Congress as to the
best mode of relief. Mr. Lincoln, like the rest,
was inclined to "make haste slowly," and
showed by his caution and hesitancy his esti-
mate of a problem which had never before en-
gaged the attention of statesmen and legis-
lators, and involved consequences of the most
fearful responsibility in the successful working
of onr system. Ilis recommendation to Con-
gress in furtherance of gradual emancipation,
with the purchase of territory and the colo-
nization of the colored race, will sufficiently
illustrate what I say. The progress of the war
gradually prepared the public mind for sum-
mary action. Under 110 other circumstances
could it have been brought about; and the
thirteenth article of the amendment to the Con-
stitution, declaring that '-neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude, except as a punishment
for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall exist within the United
States or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion," as a war measure, settled forever the
most important issue that has ever heretofore
or is likely hereafter, to occupy the public
attention.
I iet.ro spection in reference to the causes which
led to this great measure, can work no change
in the relations of the past between the slave-
holding and non-slaveholding interests. The
official record is before the country. I do not
propose to discuss it here. I do not propose
to do injustice to either section. _ There were
good men and just men on both sides who dif-
fered widely in their sense of public duty. It
is sufficient for us to know that slavery has
ceased to exist within our borders, leaving the
negro Question to be dealt with as best we may.
The hand of destiny has decreed it. It was the
triumph of a progressive morality, and unborn
generations will commend its jusiice_ and its
wisdom, without reference to the mode in which
it was accomplished.
But the difficulties that surrounded the sub-
ject in a political view have been only partially
met in the emancipation of the colored race.
They are still an element of contention and
danger. If wo have done our duty in remand-
ing them back to freedom, in conferring upon
them the privileges of citizenship and the rights
of person and property, the question arises
whether we have not as just men, doing as we
would wish to be done by, discharged our whole
duty? 1 believe we have.
There are scattered over this country and in
almost every State some live or six million
negroes in unavoidable antagonism with the
white race. This condition of things cannot
be ignored or approached with indifference.
The legislation of Congress may confuse, but
will be powerless to control it. We may enact
laws here j but we cannot change the higher
laws of nature and inevitable destiny. We
may declare the colored man the equal of the
white man ; but we cannot make him so by
statutory provisions. This country is now iu
