30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
SenaIe.
Correspondence,—Mr. C'ragin and, Mr. Patterson. 41st Cong....Special Sess.
who vote for it? It is not legislation, for that
requires the assent of the Senate; and this is
not a joint resolution. If it is legislation it
confers no new powers on the President ; for
he can now or at any time recognize the inde-
pendence and sovereignty of the Cuban gov-
ernment whenever in his opinion agovernment
has in fact been established. No one can doubt
that ihis House will give itsconstitutional sup-
port to the President of the United States
whenever he shall legitimately act iu this mat-
ter. Your resolution, then, is useless for any
purpose, while it may be mischievous in em-
barrassing the Government and encouraging
illegal piivate intervention in Cuba.
One other remark and I am done. Some
gentlemen support this resolution because they
think that in some way it will further tue con-
summation they desire, the annexation of Cuba
to the United States. I am not sure that that
result will be forwarded by the independence
of Cuba and the organization there of a stable
home Government, which is the only one with
which we could treat for such a purpose with
self-respect. Were it othei wise, I think there
aie grave objections to fuither enlargement of
our immense boundaries, especially toward
the tropics. Our people are not now very
homogeneous. Our interests are so vast and
various that it is difficult by general legislation
to avoid injury to special sections. We have
enough of inferior races in our midst without
absorbing and not assimilating the Creoles and
blacks of Cuba. Our empire may yet grow so
territorially vast that it will be severed by its
own weight, by sheer incapacity to retain under
one head so may conflicting interests. Our
acres are broad enough, and we need to cul-
tivate and enrich them rather than increase
their number. With a soil of every variety,
with the climate of every zone, with the chil-
dren of every land, with a population who?e,
enterprise knows no limit, and their energy no
obstacle, there is before us. if content with our
great destiny, if true to ourselves and the prin-
ciples of American liberty, a golden future,
in which shall be laid anew the foundations
of true prosperity, to endure while the earth
shall bring forth her increase.
Hale-Perry Correspondence.
REMARKS
of
MB. CRAGIN AND MR. PATTERSON,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
Ix Execttive Session or the Senate.
April 15, 1869.
(Injunction of secrecy removed by order of the
Senate.,'
Mr. CRAGIN introduced a resolution in
executive session for the appointment: of a
committee of three Senators to inquire how
and through whose instrumentality the cor-
respondence between the State Department
and John P. Hale, minister to Spain, and
Horatio J. Perry, secretary of legation, or any
part thereof, printed in confidence for the use
of the Senate, was made public ; and made
the following remarks thereon :
Mr. President, I hope this resolution will be
adopted. For some time past many things
that have transpired in executive sessions
which by our rules are considered secret have
in some way leaked out and become public.
So flagrant had this abuse become that a few
weeks ago, and especially when the corre-
spondence referred to in this resolution was
ordered to be printed in confidence for the use
of the Senate, special attention was called to
this abuse, and all were cautioned to observe
the rules of the Senate upon thi3 subject and
not allow this correspondence or any part
thereof to be made public.
In spite of this caution, and in disregard of
the manifest proprieties of the case, a portion
of this correspondence was published in the
New York Tribune, and thereby probably great
injustice has been done to a distinguished man,
and the honor and veracity of the Senate has
been impeached. There were some special
reasons why this correspondence should not
have been made public. The resolution of the
Senate calling for this correspondence was
passed in open session on the 1st day of March
last, and it will be observed that the letter of
Mr. Perry, which has been published, was
written at Madrid, March 2, the day follow-
ing the day when the resolution was passed by
this body. Whether Perry had information
that such a resolution had passed I know not;
but for some reason the State Department
delayed an answer to the Senate resolution till
the letter of Perry, dated March 2, ISC!), and
accompanying documents were received, and
included m the correspondence submitted. At
the time this call was made for correspondence
the letter of Perry which has been published
was not in the State Department, and did not
arrive there till some twenty days thereafter. I
leave others to commentupon ihisfeatureof the
case. But it seems to me that a portion of Per-
ry's letter of March 2 should have suggested
to the State Department the impropriety of
including this letter and accompanying docu-
ments in copies of the correspondence sent to
the Senate. Perry, in the letter referred to,
say?:
" It was uudei^toou that 1 v a.-, not at liberty to
print these documents seeing that the Spanish Gov-
ernment had declared the affair settled and had no
wish to revive it. I3ut I was authorized to ti^e them
confidentially with my own Government, if at an\
time it should bcconie necessary, for my own defense."
Of course it is nor to bo presumed that the
State Department intentionally waited for this
letter and then deemed it necessary to send it
to the Senate for the defense of Perry. That
part of this correspondence which has been
made public involves the character cf a man
long in the public service and distinguished
for leadership in a noble cause. Mr. Hale is
a citizen of the State which I in part represent
in this Chamber, and was my immediate pre-
decessor. For sixteen years he occupied a
seat in the Senate of the United States, and
there are t.ow honorable members here v.ho
served with him in his senatorial capacity. I
believe there is a kindly remembrance of him
here, and that deep regret is felt that anything
should be charged against him implicating Ms
official or persona! character. I certainly fee]
the deepest regret upon this subject. 1 believe
this regret wilt be felt by many citizens of the
United States who have sympathized and
labored with this leader in the cause of liberty
and human progress.
I admit that some parts of this correspond-
ence seem to impiic-ie Mr. [!,.!:■ ,u wrrci;,--
doirg: but I fully believe ilm* wht-n lie i- per-
mitted to be heard in his owndrfense. and gives
his version of the transaction, ail that~r.ow
seems wrong will vanish and leave him spot-
less. I believe it will turn out that he mad-
no other use of his ''diplomatic franchise"
than to furnish his own house. He may have
exchanged goods introduced free of duty for
goods obtained in Madrid for that purpose. I
have no idea that the transaction extended any
further than this. Mr. Hale is not the man to
enter into any improper transactions for the
sake of gain, for it is not in his nature <o to do ;
and I will further venture to predict, that it
will turn out that whatever was done by Mr.
Hale was advised by the man who now accuses
him. I appeal to honorable Senators, some
of whom knew him in this Chamber, and to
all who love fair play, to suspend their judg-
ment upon these charges until Mr. Hale can
have a chance to defend himself. If my voice
could reach the country I would appeal to the
people to do the same thing. This thrust at
the character of Mr. Hale has wounded many
noble hearts in his native State. He has many
lifelong and ardent, friends there, and they will
regard any stain upon his reputation as reflect-
ing upon them and their State. They will
expect me to defend him and to insist that he
have a chance to defend himself against this,
as I believe, unjust accusation. This I have
done to the best of my ability at all times and
in all places, without any prompting, as a duly
I owe to ft personal fiiend as well as an emi-
nent and loved citizen of 1113' State.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I would
not detain the Senate to add a word to what
my colleague has so well said had not the sur-
reptitious publication of the confidential cor-
respondence with the State Department of our
minister and secretary to Spain, by a paper
which a grateful remembrance of common
labors and sacrifices in a great cause should
have rendered jealous of the reputation of Mr.
Hale, cast an irreparable stain upon the record
and an immovable sorrow into the family of
this distinguished citizen of my State, who has
given thirty years ot honorable public service
to the nation in the most eventful period of its
history.
This correspondence was printed for the
exclusive use of the Senate. Its publication
is a violation of the confidence of this body and
a personal wrong to Mr. Hale for which there
can be 110 excuse or palliation. 'There is a
domain, sir, into which even the enterprise of
the pi ess ha? no right to enter. To tnfle with
the character and reputation ofinen upon whom
are laid the functions and the responsibilities
of high office in a popular Government lends to
the subversion ot public morals: it weakens
the efficiency of government by destroyingthe
confidence of the people in those who admin-
ister it. W e may hold up to popular iv-proba-
tion official dishonesty and wrong-doing wnen
proved to exist, but we cannot afford to teed a
moioid appetite for scandal upon fictitious
delinquencies of public men, for it tend-; to
make general the very evils which it depict*
and deprecates corruption oftener than other
wise, enters into society through the imagina-
tion depraved by a reckless press, which shov. <
a fiendish predilection for the evil rather than
the good which men do. While we visit jn<t
retribution upon the betrayal of public trusts,
we should defend against unjust and malicious
attacks the character and the honor of men
who represent the nation, and especially of
those who have grown old iu its service. Their
reputation, s.r, is part of the permanent fame
of the Republic, and should be cherished as an
inspiration to those who shall come after 11s to
labor upward to grander achievements and a
still nobler national life.
We do not assume the innocence of Mr.
Hale, but we protest that his reputation, red-
ing upon a l.le fit' noble s-crvice. .-hall not be
ola.ited by a pi (.-judgment of ii:- cn-,e upon f.c
[jail", evidence without h:s lut\ingau oppoi-
tuuir;. to know and answer tin- charges which
aic Li"Ugiit against iuui. S:r, this i-i due to
i.im and 10 the people ot New Ilanip.-.inre. who
for so nmny yi\us ^'vo him their confidence
and suppoit, and v, ho feci this a< a dishonor
to the fair fame of the State. We do nut as
pci'cO the chaiacler of hio accin-.Hr. lie, too. e
a son of New Hampshire. who wont abroad iu
early manhood 111 search of lu-.dtn. H hfi
behind him a good name, and carried 'vnh h,.n
the respect of those who knew him. He know,
the language and the public men of Spain, and
is familiar with its diplomatic and political
history. He has done .some good serviee to
the country in the past for whb-ii we should bo
gratelul. Where the wrons lies in thiseuiitio
versy we will not, now decide without fhe full
record. Our congressional delegation hav>'
asked as a thing of simple justice that Mr
Hale should be: permitted to renin.11 m office
till he can make his own defense to the l>c-
partmcnt which has received and published
the charges which his subordinate has made
against aim. This modest and reasonable
