1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
41st CoisrG.... Special Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Cameron.
Senate.
request is denied by sending here the name of
a successor. This is not the even-handed jus-
tice we should desire for ourselves.
Sir, there are men here who know Mr. Hale.
There are men here who struggled with him
against the extension and the arrogant power of
the slaveocracy when it required manhood and
inflexible principle to stand unmoved upon the
floor of the Senate. You can never forget with
what a masterly hand he touched at times every
chord m the scale of forensic eloquence as he
denounced the wrongs and outrages of slavery.
Pathos, logic, and wit are his, and all at the
command of noble instincts. Sir, hashe shrunk
to the dimensions of a small peculator upon
the Government to which he was accredited?
It cannot be possible. He has gone in and
out as roan and boy before the people of his
native State for sixty years without guile. To-
day he is beloved and respected by his neigh-
bors and fripnds, who will welcome him back
with gladness and with honors. Let us who
have succeeded to the responsibilities which he
sustained upon this floor with no ordinary
ability defend his rights and our own against
unjust attacks. The interests of the country
cannot suffer by the delay which I ask in the
cause of truth and justice.
The resolution of Mr. Ckagin was agreed to;
and Messrs. Craqin, Trumbull, and Stock-
ton were appointed the committee of investi-
gation.
Personal Explanation.
REMARKS OF HON'. S. CAMERON,
o? pennsylvania,
In the Senate or the United States,
April 22, 18G0,
In vindication of the character of General A. E.
Burnside.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, while the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Spf.agce] con-
fined himself in his late speeches to mere de-
nunciation of the Senate and of his colleague,
my friend, I did not deem it necessary or proper
for me to repl}'. The Senate does not, I think,
require an3' vindication against such assaults ;
and the senior Senator from Rhode Island
has abundantly proven that he can take care
of himself. But, sir, the assault made upon
the character of General Burnside, and partic-
ularly that portion of his career covered by the
neriod between the firing on Port Sumter and
the battle of Bull Run, demands that I should
{.peak in his defense, for I have personal
knowledge of the facts involved in this aston-
ishing charge made against that general by the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island.
When Mr. Lincoln was inaugurated the war
of the rebellion had begun. The integrity
of the Government was endangered. The
national capital was besieged. The country,
unprepared for such an infamous assault, for
an instant stood aghast. Recovering from this
amazement troops were hurried forward to the
relief of this beleaguered city, and the first
that gladdened our hearts by their presence was
five companies from Pennsylvania, who were
insulted on their way through Baltimore; next
the men from Massachusetts, who were as-
saulted in that city, and then the Rhode Isl-
anders. All were eagerly welcomed; but it
was reserved to Rhode Island to send the first
troops to our relief fully and perfectly equipped
for war. So elaborately complete were these
troops in their preparation and outfit that they
became the model on which it was attempted
to form the first army raised by the Republic
in its life-struggle. They were not only a per-
fect body of infantry, but they had that most
sorely needed arm of the service, a splendid
battery of artillery, and this was marked by all
the excellence of the infantry regiments.
When Patterson was believed to be holding
Johnston in check, and the impending battle of
Bull Run, it was believed, was to be fought by
our main army and the rebel forces of Beau-
regard, the Rhode Island troops were sent to
make the work of Patterson doubly sure; and
on this service they made the then unprece-
dented march of forty miles in a single day.
Their alacrity in obeying orders, their manly
promptitude, their sturdy endurance, and their
patriotic determination to do their whole duty
might safely rest on this single exploit. But
when it became apparent that Johnston had i
| eluded Patterson, and that every man we had i
i must hurry to the fatal field of Bull Run, the
| same alacrity and endurance was shown by
] these brave men, and their noble example
j inspired our whole country with hope for a
nation having such defenders. Let it be re-
membered, too, that these soldiers were young
men, unused to such terrible necessity. They
came from the educated classcs, the luxurious
homes, and the workshops and fields of New
England. Labor had not cooled their ardor,
nor had luxury and ease impaired their hardi-
hood to endure fatigue and death for their
country's honor. And I regret, Mr. Presi-
dent, that such men and their general have
been impugned by the Governor who came
with such troops into the field, to his lasting
glory.
On the day before the battle of Bull Run ;
the Secretary of War visited the Army on the
field of that historic battle. A difficulty had
arisen among the troops touching the term of
their service and the date of its expiration.
The soldiers held that their time began on the
day of their organization at home and ended
three months from that day. The General-in-
Chief then commanding decided this to be
erroneous, and that the term of service must
be computed for three months from the day
of their muster into the service of the United
States. The settlement of this difference of
opinion between the troops and General Scott
devolved on me. In deciding it I was governed
by the inefficiency of the machinery of the
Government for mustering in troops at that
time, and the injustice of holding these young,
ardent, and patriotic young men responsible
for the consequent delays of the Government.
I decided in favor of tlie soldiers and against
the Commander-in-Chief.
This, therefore, was the condition of affairs
when I visited the battle-field: some of the
regiments were according to their own convic-
tions, and by my decision, no longer forced to
remain in the field and to participate in the
fight of the following day. Before I could
reach them to appeal to their manhood a por-
tion of the troops from my own State had left
the field. A New York battery, against my
importunities, marched from the field also.
The imminent danger now was that these ex-
amplers would lead to a disintegration of our
Army on the eve of an important engagement,
and I then, relying as I had always done on
Burnside and his splendid troops, appealed to
him to show another and a nobler example to
the Army. His answer was worthy of that
excellent man and soldier. He said the fathers
and mothers of the men he commanded prop-
erlyheld him responsible for every unnecessary
danger their sons endured, and if he were to
admit that they were forced to remain, and
thereby a hair of one of their heads should
fall, their blood would be upon his head.
"But," said he, "those to whom I must ren-
der an account for the lives of my soldiers will
eagerly approve their act and mine if I lead
them to battle as volunteers, who, being em-
powered by the Secretary to depart without
dishonor, are asked to remain as a duty to
theircountry. We will stay and fight 1 " And
they did stay, poor fellows! and after giving
the Army the benefit of their high example,
many sealed their devotion to their country
with their youthful blood. I cannot hear them
and their general maligned without pain. I
cannot remember their conduct without emo-
tions of pride !
What General Burnside did after that needs
not to be repeated here. The history of his
country will tell that when his friends and his
enemies are alike unable to discuss his merits
or demerits in this Chamber. But this much
ought to be said to show the confidence of the
country in General Burnside : that when it was
determined to send an expedition to the South,
where, no one but the Administration knew,
Burnside was selected for the command, and
was ordered to create the Army he was to lead.
With singular energy and rapidity he performed
, the last task, and when the host had come
| forth at his bidding the plaudits of his country
' attested how splendidly lie redeemed the eon-
j fidenceshe reposed in him when the news from
Roanoke Island reached us at our homes, far
away from the fields of strife and slaughter.
