PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS
of the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, ivhich was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Thursday, the Ath day of March, A. D. 1869, and was adjourned without day on Saturday, the 10^ day of
April., A. D. 1869.
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Yice President and President of the Senate. Henry B. Anthony
was choscn President of the Senate pro tempore on the 23d day of March, A. D. 1869, and so acted until the
29th day of said March ; was again chosen on the 9th day of April, A. D. 1869, and so acted until the end
of the session. James G-. Blaine, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chap. I.—An Act to strengthen the Public
Credit.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in order to remove
any doubt as to the purpose of the Government
to discharge all just obligations to the public
creditors, and to settle conflicting questions
and interpretations of the la-.vs by virtue of
which such obligations have been contracted,
it is hereby provided and declared that the
faith of the United States is solemnly pledged
to the payment in coin or its equivalent of all
the obligations of the United States not bear-
ing interest, known as United States notes, and
of all the interest-bearing obligations of the
United States, except in cases where the law
authorizing the issue of any such obligation
has expressly provided that the same may be
paid in lawful money or other currency than
gold and silver. But none of said interest-
bearing obligations not already due shall be
redeemed or paid before maturity unless at
such time United States notes shall be con-
vertible into coin at the option of the holder,
or unless at such time bonds of the United
States bearing a lower rate of interest than
the bonds to be redeocbed can be sold at par
in coin. And the United States also solemnly
pledges its faith to make provision at the ear-
liest practicable period for the redemption of
the United States notes in coin.
Approved, March 18, 18G9.
Ciiap. II.—An Act supplementary to an Act
entitled "'An Act to authorizetheExtension.
Construction, and Use of a Lateral Branch of i
the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad into and 1
within the District of Columbia," approved
February 5, 1807.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thai the Baltimore and Po-
tomac Railroad Company, which, by the act
of Congress entitled /'An act to authorize the
extension, construction, and use ot a lateral
branch of the Baltimore and Potomac railroad
into and within the District of Columbia, ^ was
authorized to extend into and construct within
the District of Columbia the lateral branch ot
its road in said act of Congress mentioned,
may enter the city of Washington with their
said railroad and construct the same within the
limits of said city on and by whichever one ot
the two routes herein designated the said com-
2*
pany may elect and determine upon, that is to
say:
First. Beginning atthe intersection of Bound-
ary street and North Carolina avenue; thence
southwestwardly along said North Carolina
avenue to south D street; thence along south
D street westwardly to Virginia avenue; thence
along Virginia avenue northwestwardly to the
intersection of south C street and west Ninth j
street; or,
Second. Beginning at some point on the
northern shore of the Eastern Branch of the
Potomac river between south L and south M
streets ; thence westwardly between said streets
to the intersection of Virginia avenue with
south L and east Twelfth streets ; thence along
said Virginia avenue northwestwardly to south
K street; thence along said south K street
westwardly to south Fourth street ; thence by
a line curving to the right to the north bank
of the canal; and thence along said bank of
the canal northwestwardly to Virginia avenue;
thence along Virginia avenue northwestwardly
to the intersection of south C and west Ninth
streets«
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases where the parties owning land or other
property required by the said Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company cannot agree
with said company on the amount of damage
claimed, either for said land or materials in
the construction of its aforesaid road, and a
condemnation and valuation shall have been
made as provided in the act approved February
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and to
which this act is amendatory, either party may
appeal to the supreme court of the District of
Columbia within thirty days from the rendition
of the verdict of the jury: and in all cases
where the said company shall take an appeal
they shall give bond to the party or parties
claiming and entitled to damages in a penalty
at least double the sum found by the jury, with
a condition that the said company shall pay or
cause to be paid such amount of damages and
costs as the party maybe entitled to receive on
the judgement of the said supreme court, with-
out'delay, and on which bond ample and suf-
ficient sureties shall be given, to be approved
by the supreme court; and in all cases where
the party or parties claimant shall appeal the
said company, if it shall require the immedi-
ate use of the property condemned and valued
as aforesaid before an appeal can be heard and
decided, it shall be lawful for the said com-
pany to execute and tender a bond to the party
aforesaid in at least double the sum found by
the jury, with sureties to be approved by the
supreme court, and with a condition to pay
without delay such sum and costs as may bo
awarded by the said court without further de-
lay ; and upon the delivery or tender of such
bond the said company may proceed to the
construction of their said road as if the parties
claimant and the said company had agreed
upon the compensation to be paid for the
property to be used; and that in all cases
where the said company shall appeal and give
bond as aforesaid they may have the power to
proceed in the construction of the road and
appropriation of the property for the uses
thereof as if no appeal had been taken and
the parties had agreed upon compensation for
the property required ; in all cases where the
company and parties agree upon the price to
be paid for land and materials the same shall
be paid before the property shall be taken and
used.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
said Baltimore and Potomac Baiiroad Com-
pany and any other party or parties interested
and who may consider themselves aggrieved
by the verdict of the jury shall have the right
to appeal to the supreme court of the District
of Columbia, which shall have jurisdiction of
all such cases and shall hear and determine
the same, after notice to all parties, without
the intervention of a jury, and the judgement
of the said court shall be final.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect from the date of its pas-
sage.
Approved, March 18, 1869.
Chap. III.—An Act for the further Security of
Equal Rights in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the word "white,"
wherever it occurs in the laws relating to the
District of Columbia or in the charter or ordin -
anees of the cities of Washington or George-
town, and operates as a limitation on the right
of any elector of such District or of either of
the cities to hold any office or to be selected
and serve as a juror, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed, and it shall be unlawful for
any person or officer to enforce or attempt to
enforce such limitation alter the passage of
this act.
Approved j March 18, 1869,
