1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
Laws of the United States.
41st Cons.... 1st Sess.
sustained by means of such offenses, to be
recovered by said company with costs of suit
by any action of debt or case.
Sec. 9. And, be it further enacted, That said
company shall not grant to any railroad or
other corporation the exclusive right to trans-
fer passengers or freight over said railroad;
but any privilege granted to one corporation
shall be extended to all who may make appli-
cation for such privilege on the same terms,
conditions, and rates, and shall not sell, trans-
fer, or lease their corporate rights to any com-
pany that will not check baggage or commute
fares with all connecting railroads upon the
terms specified in this section.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That
the said corporation shall, as soon as practi-
cable after the election of directors, as herein-
before provided, so commence and prosecute
the work of constructing and equipping said
railroad that it shall be fully completed and
equipped in three years from and after the first
board of directors have been elected.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
Congress shall have the right to regulate the
rate of fares collected by said company from
passengers and the rate of charges for trans-
porting freight; and all property owned by
said company shall be subject to taxation by
the proper municipal authority.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
this act may be at any time amended or re-
pealed.
Approved, March 29, 1869.
Chap. IX.—An Act to abolish the office of Chief
of Staff to the General of the Vrmy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the office of chief of
staff with the rank of brigadier general to the
General commanding the Army be, and the
same is hereby, abolished.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
laws and parts of laws inconsistent with the
provisions of this act be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Approved, April 3, 1869.
Chap. X.—An Act to amend "An Act regulat-
ing the Tenure of Certain Civil Offices."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the first and second
sections of an act entitled "An act regulating
the tenure of certain, civil offices," passed
March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven
be, and the bame are hereby, repealed; and in
lieu of said repealed sections the following are
hereby enacted:
That every person holding any civil office to
which he has been or hereafter may be appointed
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, and who shall have become duly qualified
to act therein, shall be entitled to hold such
ofhee during the term for which he shall have
been appointed, unless sooner removed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, or
by the appointment, with the like advice and
consent, of a .successor, in his place, except as
herein otherwise provided.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That dur-
ing any recess of the Senate the President is
hereby empowered, in his discretion, to sus-
pend any eivil officer appointed by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, except
judges ot* the United States courts, until the
end of the next session of the Senate, and to
designate some suitable person, subject to be
removed in his discretion by the designation
of another, to perform the duties of such sus-
pended officer in the mean time; and such
person so designated shall take the oaths ana
give the bonds required bylaw to be taken and
given by the suspended officer, and shall, dur-
ing the time he performs his duties, be entitled
to the salary and emoluments of such office, no
part of which shall belong to the officer sus-
pended ; and it shall be the duty of the Pres-
ident within thirty days after the commence-
ment of each session of the Senate, except for
any office which in his opinion ought not to be
filled, to nominate persons to fill all vacancies
in office which existed at the meeting of the
Senate, whether temporarily filled or not, and
also in the place of all officers suspended; and
if the Senate during such session shall refuse
to advise and consent to an appointment in
the place of any suspended officer, then, and
not otherwise, the President shall nominate
another person as soon as practicable to said
session of the Senate for said office.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion three of the act to which this is an amend-
ment be amended by inserting after the word
" resignation," in line three of said section, the
following: "or expiration of term of office.''
Approved, April 5, 1869.
Chap. XI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to provide a National Currency
secured by a pledge of United States Bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof," approved June third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, by extend-
ing certain Penalties to Accessories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That every person who
shall aid or abet any officer or agent of any
association in doing any of the acts enumer-
ated in section fifty-five of an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, with intent to defraud or deceive,
shall be liable to the same punishment therein
provided for the principal.
Approved, April C, 1869.
Chap. XII.—An Act to carry into effect the
Convention of July four, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, between the United States
and Mexico, for the Adjustment of Claims.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President shall
nominate and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint a commissioner on
the part of the United States to hear and de-
cide, conjointly with the commissioner to be
appointed on the part of the republic of Mex-
ico, the claims comprehended in the provisions
of the convention of July four, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, between the United States
and Mexico.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
compensation of the commissioner shall be at
such rate, not exceeding four thousand five
hundred dollars a year in the currency of the
United States, as may be determined by agree-
ment between the executive departments of
this Government and of Mexico. The com-
pensation of the secretary to bo appointed on
the part of the United States under the pro-
visions of the convention shall be at such rate,
not exceeding twenty-five hundred dollars a
year in the currency of the United States, as
shall be determined in the manner afore-
said.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted. That tne
President be, and hereby is, authorized to ap-
point a suitable person as agent on behalf of
the United States to attend the commissioners,
to present and support claims on behalf of this
Government, to answer claims made upon it,
and to represent it generally in all matters con-
nected with the investigation and decision
thereof; the compensation of such agent, not
to exceed four thousand dollars, shall be de-
termined and allowed by the President; and
the President is hereby authorized to make
[such] provision for the contingent expenses
of the commission and for the advances con-
templated by the sixth article of the convention
as to him shall aopear reasonable and proper.
The salaries, expenses, advances, and the com-
pensation to be paid to the umpire, when de-
termined, shall be paid out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 4. And be it fiirther enacted, That the
commissioner on the part of the United States,
in conjunction with the commissioner on the
part of Mexico, is hereby authorized to make
all needful rules and regulations for conducting
the business of the commission ; such rules ana
regulations hot contravening the Constitution
of the United States, the provisions of this act,
or the convention.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of State is hereby authorized and
required to transmit to the commissioner on
the part of the United States such papers and
records relating to the commission as he may
deem proper, or as may be called for by the
commissioners ; and at the termination of the
commission all the records, documents, and
other papers which have been brought before
the commissioners, or which may be in posses-
sion of their secretaries, shall be deposited in
the Department of State : Provided, That this
section shall not be so construed as to prevent
the commissioner on the part of Mexico from
depositing in the Department certified copies
duplicates of papers produced on behalf of his
Government instead of originals.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That upon
suggestion by either party that a witness whose
testimony is deemed important refuses or is
unwilling to testify it shall be competent for
the board of commissioners to issue a commis-
sion to some suitable person to take the testi-
mony of such witness, who, if in the United
States, may be compelled to appear and testify
before such commissioners in the same manner
as is now provided by law in the case of com-
missions issued from the courts of the United
States.
Approved, April 7, 1869.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to continue in force an
Act entitled "An Act to Extend the Charter
of Washington City,'' and so forth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That" the first and sixth
sections of the act entitled "An act to extend
the charter of Washington city, also to regulate
the selection of officers, and for other pur-
poses," of the twenty-sixth [twenty-eighth] of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, be, and
the same are hereby, continued in force for the
period of one year and until Congress shall
otherwise determine; and that all the other
sections of said act are hereby repealed.
Approved, April 7, 1869.
Chap. XIV.—An Act relating to Freedmen's
Hospitals.
Be it enactcilby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Commissioner
of the Bureau of Refugees and Freedmen is
authorized and directed to continue the freed-
men's hospitals at Richmond, Virginia j Vicks-
burg, Mississippi; and in the District of Colum-
bia, including the Asylum for Aged and Infirm
Freed men and for Orphan Children : Provided,
That the expense thereof shall be paid by the
Commissioner out of moneys heretofore appro-
priated for the use of the bureau: And pro-
\ vided further, That said hospitals shall be dis-
continued as soon as may be practicable in the
: discretion of the Presidentofthe United States,
i Approved, April 7, 3S69.
