1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
Laivs of the United States.
41st Cong. ... 1st Sess.
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, eight hun-
dred and sixty-four dollars.
miscellaneous.
For salary of chief justice and two asso-
ciates in the Territory of Idaho, increased by
act of March two, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, three thousand dollars.
For salary of chief justice and two asso-
ciates in the Territory of Montana, increased
by act of March two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, three thousand dollars.
For the per diem and mileage of the mem-
bees of the territorial Assembly of the Territory
of Washington at its second biennal session
which meets on the first Monday in December,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, and for the
incidental expenses of the same, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so
much of the act approved March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, "making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, and for other
purposes," as appropriates twenty thousand
dollars for surveying the public lands in Min-
nesota, is so modified as to appropriate only
seventeen thousand five hundred dollars; and
so much of the act approved March third, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, "making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy," as appropriates two thou-
sand five hundred dollars for clerks in the
office of the surveyor general of Minnesota, is
so modified as to appropriate in all five thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
salary allowed by law to the consul at Baugkok
shall be paid with the limitations contained in
the second section of the "act making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
and for other purposes," approved March
third, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, but
deducting such sums as may have been here-
tofore paid on account of salary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
appropriation of fifteen thousand dollars " for
continuing the work of grading and filling the
Capitol grounds," appropriated in "an act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy,"
approved March three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, shall be expended under the direc-
tion of the architect of-the Capitol extension.
Sec. 6. And beit farther enacted, That the
act approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, entitled "An act making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, and for other pur-
poses," be so amended as to insert in the second
clause of said act after the words "at a salary
of one hundred and eighty dollars each per
year,'' and before the first proviso in said clause,
the following words: and such amountin addi-
tion to the amount appropriated in an act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and seventy," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, for fuel, lights, labor, and miscel-
laneous items, as may be necessary to pay the
said employes, is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thatthere
shall be a superintendent of the Department
of the Interior, who shall be ex-otficio captain
of the watch, and who shall perform such other
duties as may be assigned to him by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, and who shall receive the
same compensation as is provided by existing
laws for the superintendent of the Treasury
building, and a sum sufficient to pay such salary
for the remainder of this and for the next fiscal
year is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatthe
two clerks of class one in the office of educa-
tion authorized by an act entitled "An act roak-
ingappropriationsforthe legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and seventy," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, shall be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Interior, and
all laws and parts of laws authorizing the em-
ployment of other clerks in the department or
office of education shall, after the commence-
ment of the next fiscal year, be repealed.
Sue. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatthe
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to make the necessary transfers of appro-
priations from military districts having an
excess of appropriations to carry into effect
the reeonstruction laws to districts which are
or maybe deficientin the amount necessary to
carry into effect said Iaws.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, Thatthe
Washington Gas-Light Company be, and they
are hereby, required to increase their rate of
discount for prompt payment to eighteen and
three fourths per cent, from and after the first
day of November next.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XYI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Current and Contingent Expenses of
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
Treaty Stipulations with various Indian
Tribes for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purpose of paying the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment and fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tribes:
For the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, namely:
For the pay of eleven superintendents of
Indian affairs and of fifty-niue Indian agents,
one hundred and fourteen thousand seven hun-
dred dollars, as follows :
Superintendents of Indian Affairs.
Two superintendents for the tribes east of the
Rocky mountains ; one for Oregon; one for
Washington Territory ; one for tlie Territory of
New Mexico ; one for the Territory of Utah ;
one for California; one for Nevada; one for the
Territory of Arizona; one for Montana, and
one for Idaho.
Indian Agents.
Three for the tribes in Oregon ; four for the
tribes in New Mexico; one additional for
Indians in New Mexico ; one for the tribes in
New Mexico; one for the tribes in Utah ; one
additional for the Indians in Utah; one for
the tribes in the Territory of Utah ; eleven for
the tribes east of the Rocky mountains; two for
the tribes eastofthe Rocky mountains; four for
the Indians east of the Rocky mountains, viz:
Sioux and Seminoles, the Omaha, Kickapoo,
Kansas, and Neosho agencies; three for the
tribes east ofthe Rocky mountains; one for the
Indians in the State of New York: one for the
Delaware Indians ; one for Green Bay, Wis-
consin ; three for the tribes in Washington Ter-
ritory ; one for the Wichatas and neighboring
tribes west of the Choctaws and Chickasaws;
one for the tribes east ofthe Rocky mountains;
one for the Indians in the Territory of New
Mexico; one for the Pcmca tribe; one for the
Pawnees; one for the Yaneton Sioux; three
for the tribes in the Territory of Washington ;
one for the Grand River and U'intah bands of
Indians in the Territory of Colorado ; two for
the Upper Missouri and the country adjacent
thereto; one for the Octawas, Chippewas of
Swan creek and Black river, and Christian
Indians in Kansas ; three agents for the State
of California; one for the Kiowa, Apache, and
Comanche Indians ; one for the Sisseton and
Wahpeton bands of Dakota or Sioux Indians ;
one for the bands of Sacs and Foxes of the
Mississippi, now in Tama county, Iowa; one
for the Indians in the State of Nevada, and one
for the Crow tribe of Indians : Provided, That
it shall be the duty of the President to dispense
with the services of such Indian agents and
superintendents herein mentioned as may be
practicable; and where it is practicable he
shall require the same person to perform the
duties ot two agencies or superintendences for
one salary.
For pay of sub-agents, three in Oregon and
two in Washington Territory, six thousand
dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent of central
superintendency, one thousand six hundred
dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent of Indian
affairs in California, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of interpreters, twenty thousand four
hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies and repairs thereof,
five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians visiting superin-
tendencies and agencies, ten thousand dollars.
For pay of temporary clerks to superintend-
ents, five thousand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For vaccination of Indians and furnishing
vaccine matter, two thousand five huudred
dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes:
Assinaboines.
For third of twenty payments to be made
during the pleasure of Congress, to be expended
at the discretion of the President, in such
articles, goods, and provisions as he may from
time to time determine, ten thousand dollars
of which maybe expended in the purchase of
stock, animals, and agricultural implements,
in instructing in agricultural and mechanical
pursuits, in employing mechanics, in educating
their children, providing necessary and proper
medicines and medical attendance, care for and
supportoftheiraged, infirm, and sick, for their
helpless orphans, and "in any other respect to
promote their civilization, comfort, and im-
provement, and also for pay of head chief,
thirty thousand dollars.
Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans.
For third payment, to be made duriDg-the
pleasure of Congress, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine, five
thousand of which may be expended in the
purchase of stock, animals, and agricultural im-
plements, in instructing in agricultural and
mechanical pursuits, in employing mechanics,
educating their children, providing medicines
and medical attendance, care for and support
of the aged, sick, and infirm, for the helpless
orphans of said Indians, and in any other re-
spect to promote their civilization, comfort, and
improvement, and also for pay of head chief,
soldier chiefs, second chief, and Pierre Gav-
neaux for his services to the Arickarees, forty
thousand dollars.
Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanch.es.
For second of thirty installments, to be ex-
pended under the tenth article of treaty of Octo-
ber twenty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, concluded at Medicine Lodge Creek, in
Kansas, with the Kiowas and Comanches, and
under the third article of the treaty of the same
date made with the Apaches, thirty thousand
dollars.
