42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laics of the United States.
merit, and other beneficial purposes, under the
direction of the general council of the Choc-
taws, in conformity with the provisions con-
tained in the tenth and thirteenth articles of
the treaty of twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, nineteen thousand five
hundred and twelve dollars and eighty-nine
cents : Provided, That it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior to sell a sufficient
amount of the bonds of the United States held
in trust for the Choctaw Indians to enable him
to pay the amount of the awards heretofore
approved by him in favor of Joseph G. Hcald
and Reuben Wright under the provisions of the
fiftieth article of the treaty concluded with the
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians on the twenty-
eighth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty -
six.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians in
Middle Oregon.
For last of five installments, second series,
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per second article treaty twenty-fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thou-
sand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith, and
one wagon and plow maker, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for pay and
subsistence of one physician, one sawyer, one
miller, one superintendent of farming opera-
tions, and one school teacher, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fifth June, eighteen hundred aud
fifty-five, five thousand six hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for salary
of the head chief of said confederated bands,
per fourth article treaty twenty-fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six. one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred
and two, and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treatv twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six. and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
Fir permanent annuity for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six. and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fiftv-six, two hundred and seventy
dollars.
For permanentannuity for the pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fiftv-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and for shop
aud tools, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dcn'. per filth article treaty fourteenth Febru-
ary, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
filth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
Fot iron and steel for shop, during the pleas-
ure of the President, per fifth article treaty
fourteenth February, eighteen hundred and
ihir'v-ihrcc. and fifth article treaty seventh
i.ti£ ist, eighteen hundred aud fiftv-six, three
Hundred and seventy dollars.
For wagon-maker, during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty February
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and fifth article treaty August seventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations,
during the pleasure of the President, per eighth
article treaty January twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
August seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
two thousand dollars.
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty February
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-three,
and fifth article treaty August seventh, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education,
per sixth article of treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-sis, ten thousand
dollars.
For interest on seven hundred and seventy-
five thousand one hundred and sixty-eight dol-
lars. at the rate of five per centum per annum,
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, under provisions of third
article treaty June fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, thirty-eight thousand seven
hundred and fifty-eight dollars and forty cents.
For transportation of such articles as may be
purchased for the Creek nation, under treaty
of June fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, two thousand dollars.
For this amount required to pay the expenses
of taking a census and investigating the claims
of loyal refugee Indians and freed men, per
fourth article treaty June fourteenth, eighteen
hundred aud sixty-six, fifteen hundred dollars.
Crows.
For first of thirty installments to supply male
persons over fourteen years of age with a suit
of good substantial woolen clothing, consisting
of coat, hat, pantaloons, flannel shirts, and
woolen socks, per ninth article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, ten thousand dollars.
For first of thirty installments to supply each
female over twelve years of age with a flannel
skirt or the goods necessary to make the same,
a pair of woolen hose, twelve yards of calico,
aud twelve yards cotton domestic, per ninth
article treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty eight, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy, five
thousand dollar^.
For first of thirty installments to supply the
hoys and girls under the ages named such flan-
nel and cotton goods as may be needed to make
each a suit as aforesaid, together with a pair
of woolen huso for each, per ninth article treaty
of May seventh, eighteen hundred .and sixty-
eight, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, four thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the first of ten installments to be used
by the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
of such articles as from time to time the con-
dition and necessities of the Indians may indi-
cate to be proper, the sum of ten dollars for
each Indian roaming, (one thousand nine hun-
dred and fifty-three souls.) per ninth article
treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundted and seventy, nine-
teen thousand five hundred and thirty dollars.
For the construction of school-house or mis-
sion building, per third article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the erection of a steam circular saw-mill,
with a grist-mill and shingle-machine attached,
per third article treaty May seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, per tenth articlc treaty
May seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
five thousand two hundred dollars.
For construction of a warehouse or store-
room for the use of the agent in storing goods
belonging to the Indians, per third article of
the treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-e'ght, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For the construction of an agency building,
per same article of same treaty, two thousand
dollars.
For the building of a residence for a physician
to said Indians, per same article of same treaty,
two thousand dollars.
For the construction of five buildings for car-
penter, farmer, blacksmith, miller, and engi-
neer, at fifteen hundred dollars each, per same
article of same treaty, seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Zfelawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article
to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to
treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for educa-
tion, per Senate resolution January nineteen,
eighteen hundred and* thirty-eight, and fifth
article treaty of May sixth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two thousand three hundred and
four dollars.
W Wamish and other Allied Tribes in Wash-
ington Territory.
For tenth installment on one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, under the direction of
the President, per sixth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the
establishment and support of an agricultural
and industrial school, and to provide said school
with a suitable instructor or instructors, per
fourteenth article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the
establishment and support of a smith and car-
penter shop, and to furnish them with the
necessary tools, per fourteenth article treaty
twenty-second January, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five htkidred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the
employment ofa blacksmith,carpenter, farmer,
and physician, who shall furnish medicines for
the sickr per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three thousand six hundred dollars.
riallteads and, other Confederated Tribes.
For the first of five installments on one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, being the
third series, for beneficial objects, at the dis-
cretion of the President, per fourth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty five, four thousand dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
keeping ill repair the buildings, and providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for providing
suitable instructors therefor, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths',
carpenter's, and wagon and plow makers'
shops, and providing necessary tools therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tanner, one gunsmith, one car-
