1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
Laws of the United States.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
penter, and one wagon and plow maker, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, seven thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For tenth of twentyinstallments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for fur-
nishing the necessary tools and fixtures there-
for, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the hospital and providing the
necessary medicines and furniture therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair the buildings required for the
various employes and furnishing necessary fur-
niture therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the pay
of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead,
Kootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, per fifth article treaty
of sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, four thousand dollars.
Iowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to the first of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty nine, at five per centum per
annum, for education or other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the President,
per ninth article of treaty of May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum, per second article treaty of Jan-
uary fourteen, eighteen hundred and forty-six,
ten thousand dollars.
Kiekapoos.
For sixteenth installment of interest, at five
per centum, on one hundred thousand dollars,
for educational and other beneficial purposes,
as per second article treaty May eighteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars. , , ,
For sixteenth installment on two hundred
thousand dollars, to be paid in eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, per second article treaty,
eighteenth May, eighteen hundred and fatty-
four, seven thousand dollars.
Klamath, and Modoc Indians.
For fourth of five installments, to be applied
under direction of the President, as per sec-
ond article treaty of October fourteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, eight thousand
For third of twentyinstallments for keeping
in repair one saw-mill, one flouring-mill, build-
ings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and wagon
and plow maker, the manual-labor school, and
hosmtal as per fourth article treaty of Octo-
ber fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty
four, one thousand dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the
purchase of tools and materials for sais and
flour mills, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon, and
plow makers' shops, and books and stationery
for the manual-labor school, as per^ fourth
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred aid sixty-four, one thousand five
hUForfoudr°h offifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming,
one farmer, one blacksmith, one sawyer, one
carpenter, and one wagon and plow maker, as
per fifth article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six thousand
dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments to pay
salary and subsistence of one physician, one
miller, and two school-teachers, as per fifth
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, three thousand six
hundred dollars.
MaJcah Tribe.
For last of four installments of thirty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fourth series,) under
direction of the President, as per fifth article
of treaty of January thirty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for support
of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to pro-
vide the necessary tools therefor, per eleventh
article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of teachers, per eleventh article
treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first
January, eighteen hundred andfifty-five, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
Menomonees.
For fourteenth of fifteen installmentsfor pay
of miller, per third article treaty twelfth May,
eighteen hundred and fitty-four, six hundred
dollars.
For fourth of fifteen installments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one hun-
dred and seventy-nine dollars and six cents.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and fourth article treaty June
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth arti-
cle treaty twenty-third October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-four, and fouitli article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fiftv-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article
treaty fifth June, eighteen -hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per
centum, per Senate's amendment to fourth
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-two dot
lars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five hun-
dred dollars. , , ,
For permanent annuity m goods or other-
wise, per articles treaty twenty-first August,
eighteen hundred and five, two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third and separate article to treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred ana
nine, three hundred and fifty dollars.
Mold Indians.
For last of ten installments for keeping in
repair saw and flouring mills, and for the pay
of necessary employes, the benefits of which
to be shared alike by all the confederated
bands, per second article treaty twenty-first
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For last of ten installments for pay of a car-
penter and joiner to aid in erecting buildings
and making furniture for said Indians, and to
furnish tools in ire said service, per second arti-
cle treaty twenty-first December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual-labor school,
for all neecssary materials therefor, and for
the subsistence of the pupils, per second arti-
cle treaty twenty-first December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, twelve hundred dollars.
.Nisqually, Puyallup, and other tribes and
bands of Indians.
For fifteenth installment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands, to be ap-
plied to beneficial objects, per fourth article
treaty twenty-sixth December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand two huudred
dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for pay
of instructor, smith, physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine for the sick, carpenter, and
farmer, per tenth article treaty twenty-sixth
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five
thousand dollars.
For fifteenth of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and support of smith and carpenter shop, and
providing the necessary tools therefor, in con-
formity with tenth article of the treaty of De-
cember twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, fifteen hundred dollars.
Navajoes.
For such articles of clothing, or raw mate-
rials in lieu thereof, for eight thousand Navajoe
Indians, not exceeding five dollars each Indian,
in conformity with eighth article treaty June
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, forty
thousand dollars.
For seeds, farming implements, work cattle,
and other stock for fourteen hundred families,
in conformity with seventh article of above-
named treaty, one hundred and forty thousand
i dollars. .
For survey of the Navajoe Indian reserva-
tion, in conformity with fifth article treaty of
June first, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty
For insurance and transportation for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, fifteen thousand dollars.
For deficiency in the appropriation for
amount of deficiency expended m subsisting
the Navajoes at the Bosque Redondo, accord-
ing to the contract made by Theodore H. Dodd,
from the twenty-second of May, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, until their removaHo their
old homes, one thousand one hundred ana
fifty-five dollars and ninety cents.
Sissiton and Wahpetoti.
For survey of reservation for the Sissiton and
Wahpeton bands of Dakota or Sioux
as per third, fourth, and fifth articles of the
treaty with said Indians of February nineteen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, forty five
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary.
Nez Perc£ Indians.
For last of five installments of second senea
