46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
41st Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
article treaty twenty-sixth October, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and a physician, who shall furnish medicines
for the sick, per eleventh article treaty twenty-
sixth October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
Tdbegmche Band of Utah Indians.
For sixth of ten installments for the pur-
chase of goods, nnder the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, per eighth article treaty
of October seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and Senate amendment of March twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, ten
thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments, per eighth
article of said treaty, for the purchase of pro-
visions, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron, steel, and neces-
sary tools for blacksmith's shop, as per tenth
article of said treaty, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant, as per
same article of same treaty, one thousand one
hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and general
incidental expenses of the delivery of goods,
provisions, and stock, as per same article of
same treaty, three thousand dollars.
Umpquas and C'alapooias, of Umpqua Valley,
Oregon.
For last of five installments of the third series
ofannuityforbeneficialobjects, to be expended
as directed by the President, per third article
treaty twenty-ninth Xovtrnber, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand seven hun-
dred dollars.
For last of fifteen installments for the pay of
a physician and purchase of medicines, per
sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the fifteenth of twenty installments for
the pay of a teacher and purchase of books and
stationery, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth
November, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
one thousand four hundred and fifty doiiars.
TJmpquas, (Cow Creek Band.)
Forsixteeothof twenty installments in blank-
ets, clothing, provisions, and-stock, per third
article treaty nineteenth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, five handled and fifty
dollars.
Walla- Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For last of five installments of second series,
to be expended under the direction of the
President, per second article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of all necessary mill fixtures and me-
chanical tools, medicines, and hospital stores,
books and stationery for schools, and furniture
for the employes, per fourth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen huudred andfifty-two, two thou-
sand dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for th° pay
and subsistence of one superintendent of farm-
ing operations, one farmer, two millers, one
blacksmith, one wagon and plow maker, one
carpenter and joiner, one physician, and two
teachers, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand
four hundred ami fifty dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the pny
of each of the head chiefs of the Walla-Walla.
Cayuse. and Umatilla bands the sum of five
hundred dollars per annum, pi r fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, fifteen hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for salary
for the son of Pio-pio-mox-mox. per fifth article
treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, one hundred dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on one million dollars, at five per
centum, per fourth article treaty first Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, and
joint resolution July seventeen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, fifty thousand dollars.
For twenty-third of thirty installments of in-
terest on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five
per centum, per fourth article treaty thirteenth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-six, four
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
Wall-pah-pe Tribe of Snake Indians.
For third of five installments, to be expended
under the direction of the President, as per
seventh article treaty of August twelfth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, two thousand dol-
lars.
YaJcama Nation.
For last of five installments of second series
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thousand
dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which is to be an
agricultural and industrial school; keeping in
repair school buildings, and forproviding suit-
able furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching and
two teachers, per fifth article treaty ninth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thousand
two hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
ninth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand five hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repairs saw and flouring mills, and for fur-
nishing the necessary tools and fixtures, per
fifth article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred doiiars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital, and providing the neces-
sary medicines and fixtures therefor, per fifth
article treaty ninth June, eighteen hundred and
fiftyfive, three hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
( in iepair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths',
' carpenters', and wagon and plow makers'
j shops, and for providiug necessary tools there-
for, per fifth article treaty June ninth, eizhteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred doiiars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings required for the various
employes, and for providing the necessary
furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty ninth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
hundred dollars.
For tenth of twenty installments for the salary
of such person as the said confederated tribes
and bands of Indians may select to be their head
chief, per fifth article treaty ninth June, eight-
een hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
Yuncion Tribe of Sioux.
For first of ten installments (second series}
to be paid to them or expended for their bene-
fit. commencing with the year in which they
shall remove to and settle and reside upon their
reservation, per fourth article treaty nineteenth
April, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, forty
thousand dollars : Provided, That no part of
the moneys appropriated to pay annuities due
the several tribe3 or bands of Indians named
in this act shall be expended for any other
articles of food, clothing, agricultural or me-
chanical implements than such as shall be
agreed upon by the chiefs and headmen of said
tribe, in a general council held for this purpose,
the same to be estimated for by the local agent
and certified by the superintendent of Indian
affairs, except where otherwise provided by
treaty stipulation.
Senecas, Mixed Senecas and Shawnees, Qua-
paws, Confederate[d] Peorias, Kaskashias,
Weas, and Piankeshaws, Ottawas of Blanch-
ard's Fork and Roche de Bcevf, and certain
Wi/andottes.
To pay for twenty thousand acres of land
ceded to the Government by the Senecas, per
first article treaty February twenty-three, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, twenty thousand
dollars.
To pay for thirty thousand acres of land ceded
to the Government by the Senecas, per second
article treaty February twenty-three, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, twenty-fourthousand
dollars.
Shawnees.
For amount to be advanced to the Shawnees
to be used in establishing their homes, per
eighth article treaty February twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, two thou-
sand dollars.
For first of five installments for blacksmith
and assistant, shop and tools, and iron and
steel for shop, per eighth article treaty Febru-
ary twenty-three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, five hundred dollars.
Quapaws.
For amount to be paid to the Quapaws to
assist them in reestablishing themselves at their
homes upon their remaining reservation, per
ninth article treaty February twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, five thou-
sand dollars.
Claims for Losses by the War.
To pay a commission, not to exceed two
persons, to be appointed by the Secretary of
the Interior, who shall proceed to the country
of the Senecas, mixed Senecas and Shawnees,
and Quapaws, and make careful investigations
of their claims for losses, per twelfth article
treaty February twenty-three, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty sixty-seven, four thousand dol-
lars.
Wyandott[e~ls.
To pay for the services of three persons, to
be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior,
to ascertain and report the amouut of money,
if any, !Iu~e'T5ywt1Te--tJTritet3 States to said Indi-
ans under existing treaties, and so forth, per
thirteenth article treaty February twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, three thou-
sand dollars.
Ottowas.
To pay the claim of J. T. Jones, being for
destruction by fire of his dwelling and other
property by whites in eighteen hundred and
fifty six, per eighteenth article treaty February
twenty three, eighteen hundred and tixty-
seven, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Peorias, Kaskashias, Weas, and Piankeshaws.
To amount to be paid per capita from the
sum of one hundred and sixty-nine thousand
six hundred and eighty-six dollars and seventy-
five cents, invested for said Indians, per act
of Congress July twelve, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two. per twenty-fourth article treaty Feb-
ruary twenty-three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For this amount, to bo taken from the in-
vested fund of said Indians, and to bo paid to
the tribe per capita, to assist them in estab-
lishing themselves in their new homes, per
twenty-fourth article treaty February twenty-
three, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, thirty
thousand dollars.
