48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
41st Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Valley reservations, and one special agent, one
physician, and two teachers for the. Mission
Indians of California, twenty-two thousand dol-
lars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for removing the Indians from
Smith's lliver reservation to Hoopa Valley and
Bound Valley reservations in California, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For defraying the expense of removal and
subsistence of Indians in Oregon not parties
to any treaty, and for pay of necessary em-
ployes, twenty thousand dollars.
For defraying the expense of removal and
subsistence of Indians in Washington Terri-
tory not parties to any treat}', and for pay of
necessary employes, fifteen thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
take charge of certain stray bands of Potta-
watomie and Winnebago Indians, in the State
of Wisconsin, five thousand dollars.
For salary of a special.agent to take charge
of Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians now
in the State of Wisconsin, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For payment of interest on one million two
hundred and ninety-nine thousand three hun-
dred dollars, non-paying stocks, held by the
Secretary of the Interior in trust for various
Indian tribes, up to and including the interest
payable July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, less two months [sevenths] of six per
centum interest on seven hundred and ninety-
six thousand eight hundred dollars, Virginia
stock, for the payment of which provision has
been made, sixty-five thousand six hundred
and eighteen dollars and fifty-seven cents, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
For payment of interest on fifteen thousand
dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, for the Cherokee school fund, nine
hundred dollars.
For payment of interest on sixty-eight thou-
sand dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal
year ending Juno thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-nine, of the Cherokee national fund,
four thousand and eighty dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan, ton thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery to the Pawnee, Ponca,
and Yancton Sioux Indians of annuity goods
and provisions, eight thousand dollars.
For actual necessary expenses incurred, and
that may hereafter be incurred, by officers of
the Indian department in the rescue of prison-
ers from Indian tribes and returning them to
their homos, and for expenses incident t.o the
arrest and confinement within the territory of
the United States, by order of such officers,
of persons charged with crimes against the
Indians, five thousand dollars.
To pay expenses incurred in taking census
of North Carolina Cherokee Indians, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
1 or this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to reestablish the Shoshones,
Bannocks, and other strolling bands of Indians
m the southern portion of Idaho Territory, and
southeastern portion of Oregon, on the Fort
Hall reservation, on Snake river, Idaho Terri-
tory, or on the Siletz or Klamath reservation
in Oregon, as the Secretary of the Interior may
determine, including the transportation of all
necessary articles and the material and labor
for the construction of the houses and mills
and pay [of] necessary employes for one year,
thirty thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof asmay
be necessary, to aid in subsisting said Indians
for the first year after their settlement on said
reservation or reservations, no part of which
to be expended until said Indians shall- be so
established, and to be applied pro rata as said
settlement shall be made, twenty-five thousand
dollars: Provided, That none of the payments
provided for in this act shall be made unless
the Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied
that the tribes, bands, or individuals named
have observed the treaty stipulations under
which suck payments have become due, and
also the provisions of any other treaties with
the Government to-whiclx they may-be parties;
or in ease portions of said tribes or.bands have
observed all of said obligations, payments
shall be made to them pro rata.
To pay the expenses of two commissioners,
under tenth article treaty of February twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
with the Pottawatomies,two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For this amouiit_to.pay for subsistence fur-
nighed-to tire POnca Indians, by direction of
the Indian peace commission, under a contract
made with J. W. Bosler, eleven thousand nine
hundred dollars and twenty-six cents.
For expenses incurred by M. Wilkinson, Uni-
ted States agent for the Arickarees, Gros Ven-
tres, and Mandan Indians, under instructions
from the Indian peace commission, to make
said Indians, as far as possible, self-sustaining,
twenty-eight thousand two hundred and seventy-
six dollars and forty-seven cents.
For this amount, to supply a deficiency in
the appropriation for pay of commissioners to
bo appointed by the President, as per forty-
ninth and fiftieth articles treaty April twenty-
eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
Senate amendment thereto, with the Choctaws
and Cliickasaws, fifteen hundred and thirty-
eight dollars and forty-seven cents.
For this amount, interest due the Choctaws
and Cliickasaws, August eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, on three hundred thou-
sand dollars held in trust for said Indians,
under the third article treaty of April twenty-
eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to pay unpaid vouchers audited and
allowed by the Indian peace commission,
twenty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
For this amount, to be reimbursed from the
proceeds of their lands in Kansas, for subsist-
ence of the Great and Little Osage Indians,
thirty thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to pay expenses incurred in mak-
ing and preparing homes, furnishing provis-
ions, tools, and farming utensils, cattle, and
furnishing food and transportation for bands
of Indians with which treaties have been made
by the Indiaiv pea-ee--commission, under the
supervision of Brevet Major General W. S.
Harney, incurred since October first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, four hundred and
eighty-five thousand seven hundred and eighty-
four dollars and twenty-one cents.
For the payment of [such] damages sus-
tained by the citizens of Niobrara township,
Nebraska, by the action of the Government in
moving the_ Santee Sioux upon their lands in
the year eighteen hundred and sixty-six, as
shall [be found due] after proper investigation
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, who shall appoint a commission to
ascertain and report the amount of the damages
sustained, not exceeding fifteen thousand dol-
lars, to be divided pro rata in payment of the
claims to be found due, which shall be a final
settlement of said claims.
To supply deficiency of appropriation to pay
for depredations com mitted by Indians in north-
western Iowa in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, ten thousand nine hundred and six
dollars and ohirty-four cents.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
goods and merchandise furnished any tribe or
band of Indians under the provisions of any
act shall be turned over by the agent or super-
intendent of such tribe or band to the chiefs
of the tribe or band in bulk and in the original
package, as nearly as practicable, and in the
presence of the headmen of the tribe, if prac-
ticable, to be distributed to the tribe or band
by the chiefs in such ma,nner as the chiefs may
deem best, in the presence of the agent or
superintendent; Provided, That said chiefs
have observed their treaty obligations with the
Government as hereinbefore stated.
Sec. 3. And be itfiirther enacted, That the
unexpected balance now standing to the credit
of the Kansas tribe of Indians on the books
of the Treasury Department, appropriated for
or belonging to them for educational purposes,
may be used under the direction of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for the central superin-
tendency in the purchase of such articles of
food and clothing as may in his discretion be
thought necessary to relieve the most pressing
wants of said Indians, they being in a destitute
and suffering condition.
Sec.4. And beit further enacted, That there
be appropriated the further sum of two mil-
lions of dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the President to maintain
the peace among and with the various tribes,
bands, and parties of Indians, and to promote
civilization among said Indians, bring them,
where practicable, upon reservations, relieve
their necessities, and encourage their efforts
at self-support; a report of all expenditures
under this appropriation to be made in detail
to Congress in December next; and for the
purpose of enabling the President to execute
the powers conferred by this act he is hereby
authorized, at his discretion, to organize a
board of commissioners, to consist of not more
than ten persons, to be selected by him from
men eminent for their intelligence and philan-
thropy, to serve without pecuniary compensa-
tion, who may, under his direction, exercise
joint control with the Secretary of the Interior
over the disbursement of the appropriations
made by this act or any part thereof thafrthe
President may designate; and to pay the neces-
sary expenses of transportation, subsistence,
and clerk hire of said commissioners while
actually engaged in said service, there is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of twenty-
five* thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act contained, or in any of the
provisions thereof, shall be so construed as to
ratify or approve any treaty made with any
tribes, bands, or parties of Indians since the
twentieth day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
appropriation of one hundred and seventeen
thousand dollars made to the State of Min-
nesota July second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation of March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, for the costs, charges, and ex-
penses properly incurred by said State in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, be, and the same is
hereby, extended to embrace such expend-
itures incurred in theyear eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, to the amount of twelve thousand
four hundred and eight dollars and four cents :
Provided, That only so much of such expenses
shall be paid the State of Minnesota as shall
be allowed by the proper accounting officers
under the twenty-second section of the act
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, entitled "An act. making appro-
priations, for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, and for other purposes."
Approved, April 10, 1869.
