1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lrnvs of the United States.
41st Cong,....1st Sess.
Chap. XVII.—An Act authorizing the Submis-
sion of the Constitutions of Virginia, Mis-
sissippi. and Texas to a Vote of the People,
and authorizingtheEIection of State Officers,
provided by the said Constitutions, and Mem-
bers of Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States, at such time as he may deem
best tor the public interest, may submit the
constitution which was framed by the conven-
tion which met in Richmond, Virginia, on Tues-
day, the third day of December, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty-seven, to the voters
of said State, registered at the date of said
submission, for ratification or rejection ; and
may also submit to a separate vote such pro-
visions of said constitution as he may deem
best, such vote to be taken either upon each
of the said provisions alone or in connection
with the other portions of said constitution, as
the President may direct.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That at'
the same election the voters of said State may
vote for and elect members of the General
Assembly of said State and all the officers of
said State provided for by the said constitu-
tion, and members of Congress; and the offi-
cer commanding the district of Virginia shall
cause the lists of registered voters of said State
to be revised, enlarged, and corrected prior to
such election, according to law, and for that
purpose may appoint such registrars as he may
deem necessary. And said elections shall be
held and returns thereof made in the manner
provided by the acts of Congress commonly
called the reconstruction acts.
Sec. 3. And be itfmther enacted, That the
President of the United States may in like
manner submit the constitution of Texas to the
voters of said State at such time and in such
manner as he may direct, either the entire con-
stitution or separate provisions of the same,
as provided in the first section of this aet, to
a separate vote ; and at the same election the
voters may vote for and elect the members of
the Legislature and all the State officers pro-
vided for in said constitution, and members
of Congress: Provided also, That no election
shall be held in said State of Texas for any
purpose until the President so directs.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
President of the United States may in like
manner resubmit the constitution of Missis-
sippi to the voters of said State at such time
and in such manner as he may direct, either
the entire constitution or separate provisions
of the same, as provided in the first section
of this act, to a separate vote ; and at the same
election the voters may vote for and elect the
members of the Legislature and all the State
officers provided for in said constitution, and
members of Congress.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That if
either of said constitutions shall be ratified
at such election the Legislature of the State
so ratifying, elected as provided for in this act,
shall assemble at the capital of said State on
the fourth Tuesday after the official promul-
gation of such ratification by the military
officer commanding in said State.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted, That
before the States of Virginia. Mississippi, and
Texas shall be admitted to representation in
Congress their several Legislatures, which
may be hereafter lawfully organized, shall
ratify the fifteenth article, which has been pro-
posed by Congress to the several States as an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Sue. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
proceedings in any of said States shall not be
deemed final or operate as a complete restora-
tion thereof until their action, respectively,
shall be approved by Congress.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
41st Cong. 1st Se&s.-—No. 4.
Chap, XVIII.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act imposing Taxes on Distilled
Spirits and Tobacco, and for other pur-
poses/' approved July twentieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act entitled "An
act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and to-
bacco, and for other purposes," approved July
twenty, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, be
amended as follows, to wit:
That section eight be amended so that in case
of a distiller[y] or distilling apparatus erected
prior to the twentieth of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, on a tract or lot of land held
under a lease or other evidence of title less
than fee simple, which was not required by the
laws of the State to be recorded in order to be
valid at the time of its execution, or in any
ease where the title was then and has continued
to be in litigation, or where the owner is pos-
sessed of the fee but incumbered with a mort-
gage executed and duly recorded prior to the
said twentieth of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty eight, and not due, or where the fee is'
held by a femme covert, minor, person of un-
sound mind, or other person incapable of giv-
ing consent as required by said act, a bond
may be taken at the discretion of the commis-
sioner, as provided for in said section for a
distillery erected on land, the lease or other
evidence of title to which was duly recorded
prior to the passage of this act: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to apply to any distillery or distilling
apparatus not erected prior to the twentieth
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
That section twenty be so amended that in
case of distilleries having a producing capacity
of less than one hundred gallons in twenty-four
hours, and in which grain or meal is mashed
by hand and without the use of steam, sixty
gallons of mash or beer brewed or fermented
from grain shall represent not less than one
bushel of grain.
That section fifty-six be amended so as to
extend the time for withdrawing distilled spir-
its from bonded warehouse until the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, but
subject to an additional tax on each proof-gal-
lon deposited and bonded in warehouse at the
rate of one cent for each month after the twen-
tieth of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
and until withdrawn ; and any distilled spirits
remaining in bonded warehouse after the thir-
tieth day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, shall be forfeited to the United States
and disposed of as provided in said section.
That section fifty-nine be amended so that
on and after the first day of May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, every person who
rectifies, purifies, or refines distilled spirits or
wines by any process other than by original
and continuous distillation from mash, wort,
or wash through continuous closed vessels and
pipes until the manufacture thereof is complete,
and every wholesale or retail liquor dealer who
has in his possession any still or leach tub, or
who shall keep any other apparatus for the
purpose of refining in any manner distilled
spirits, and every person who, without rectify-
ing, purifying, or refining distilled spirits shall
by mixing such spirits, wine, or other liquor
with any materials, manufacture any spurious,
imitation, or compound liquors for sale under
the name of whisky, brandy, gin, rum, wine,
spirits, cordials, or wine bitters, or any other
name, shall be regarded as a rectifier and as
being engaged in the business of rectifying; and
so much of the aet to which this is an amend-
ment as relates to compounders of liquors, and
as is inconsistent with the provisions of the
section hereby amended, he, and the same are
[is] hereby, repealed. And said section fifty-
nine is further amended as follows: strike out
the fourth paragraph thereof relating to retail
liquor dealers and the fifth paragraph to and
including the words "shall be required to pay
the special tax of a wholesale dealer,1' and in-
sert in lieu of the portion stricken out the fol-
lowing:
Retail dealers in liquors shall pay twenty-five
dollars. _ Every person who sells or offers for
sale foreign or domestic distilled spirits, wines,
or malt liquors in less quantities than five gal-
lons at the same time shall be regarded as a
retail dealer in liquors.
Wholesale liquor dealers shall each pay one
hundred dollars. Every person who sells or
offers for sale foreign or domestic distilled
spirits, wines, or malt liquors in quantities of
not less than five gallons at the same titae shall
be regarded as a wholesale liquor dealer.
Dealers in liquors whose sales, including
sales of all other merchandise, shall exceed
twenty-five thousand dollars shall each pay an
additional tax at the rate of one dollar for
every one hundred dollars of sales of liquors
in excess of such twenty-five thousand dollars;
and on every thousand dollars of sales of other
merchandise shall pay at the same rate as a
"wholesale dealer; and such excess shall be
returned, assessed, and paid in the same man-
ner as required of wholesale dealers. But no
distiller or brewer who has paid his special tax
as such, and who sells only distilled spirits or
malt liquors of his own production at the place
of manufacture, in the origiifal casks or pack-
ages to which the tax stamps are affixed, shall
bo required to pay the special tax of a whole-
sale dealer on account of such sales.
That section fifty-nine be further amended
so as to require that distillers of brandy from
grapes, peaches, and apples exclusively, pro-
ducing less than one huudrcd and fifty barrels
annually, shall pay a special tax of fifty dol-
lais, and in addition thereto the tax of four
dollars per barrel of forty proof-gallons.
That section eighty-eight be so amended that
cither the proprietor's name or the manufac-
turer's name shall be printed on the label for
cigars provided for in said section.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion one hundred and fifty-five of the act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, as amended by the ninth section of
the act of July thirteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, be further amended by adding
thereto the following: and the fact that any
adhesive stamp so bought, sold, offered for
sale, used, or had in possession as aforesaid,
has been washed or restored by removing
or altering the canceling or defacing marks
thereon, shall be prima facie proof that such
stamp has been once used and removed by the
possessor thereof from some vellum, parch-
ment, paper, instrument, or writing charged
with taxes imposed by law in violation of the
provisions of this section.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatany
person having in his possession any tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, manufactured and sold or
removed from the manufactory, or from any
place where tobacco, snuff, or cigars are made,
since July twentieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, or any person having in his posses-
sion cigars imported from foreign countries
since July twentieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, or withdrawn from a United States
bonded warehouse since said date, such to-
bacco, snuff, and cigars, having been put up
in packages as prescribed in the act to which
this act is an amendment, and all the other
requirements of said act relating to tobacco,
snuff, and cigars having been complied with,
and who, on the first day of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, filed with the assessor
or assistant assessor of the district within which
he resides, or has his place of business, the
inventory required by the seventy-eighth and
