1869.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE;
51
Laws of the United States.
41st Oong...,1st 8bss.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act to extend the Time
for the Little Rock and Port Smith Railroad
Company to complete the first section of
twenty miles of said road.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That ail act approved July
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
entitled "An act to revive and extend the pro-
visions of 'an act granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the States of Arkan-
sas and Missouri, to aid in the construction of
a railroad from a point upon the Mississippi
river, opposite the mouth of the Ohio river,
via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary near
Fulton in Arkansas, with branches to Fort
Smith and the Mississippi river,' approved Feb-
ruary nine, eighteen hundred and fifty-three,
and for other purposes,'' be so amended as to
extend the time to the Little Rock and Fort
Smith Railroad Company, for building the first
section of twenty miles provided for in the sec-
ond section of said act, for the term of three
years from the thirteenth day of May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, the time of filing the
certificate of organization to said company pro-
vided for in the third section of said act: Pro-
vided, That the land granted by the act hereby
revived shall be s„old to actual settlers only in
quantities not greater than one quarter of a
section to one purchaser, and for a price not
exceeding two dollars and fifty cents per acre.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act granting Lands to aid in the
construction of a Railroad and Telegraph
Line from the Central Pacific Railroad, in
California, to Portland, in Oregon," ap-
proved July twenty-five, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section six of an act
entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Central Pacific railroad, in California,
to Portland, in Oregon,'' approved July twenty -
five, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, be, and
the same is hereby, amended so as to allow
any railroad company heretofore designated by
the Legislature of the State of Oregon, in ac-
cordance with the first section of said act, to
file its assent to such act in the Department of
the Interior within one year from the date of
the passage of this act; and such filing of its
assent, if done within one year from the pas-
sage hereof, shall have the same force and effect
to all intents and purposes as if such assent
had been filed within one year after the passage
of said act: Provided, That nothing herein
shall impair any rights heretofore acquired by
any railroad company under said act. nor shall
said act or this amendment be construed to
entitle more than one company to a grant of
land: And provided further, That the lands
granted by the act aforesaid shall be sold to
actual settlers only in quantities not greater
than one quarter section to one purchaser, and
for a price not exceeding two dollars and fifty
cents per acre.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act to discontinue Sault
Ste. Marie as a Port of Entry in the Supe-
rior District, and to establish Marquette in
lieu thereof.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Sault Ste. Marie, in
the district of Superior, is hereby discontinued
as a port of entry, and that the port of entry
1'or the district be, and is hereby, established
at Marquette, at which place the collector of
the district shall reside, and a deputy collector
shall reside at Sault Ste. Marie.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That all
acts and parts of acts contravening this act be,
and the same are hereby, repealed. This act
shall take effect from and after the tenth day
of May next.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XXIX.—An Act making available an
Appropriation heretofore made for Furniture
for the Presidential Mansion.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of twenty-
five thousand dollars, appropriated by the act
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and seventy, and for other pur-
poses," for the purpose of "refurnishing the
President's House," is hereby made available
for such purpose, vpithout in any event increas-
ing the appropriation.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
Chap. XXX.—An Act to establish certain Post
Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post roads :
arizona territory.
From Tucson to the Sonora Line.
From Tucson, via Camp Grant, Florence,
Phoenix, and Camp McDowell, to Wichenburg.
alabama.
From Newbern to Cottage Hill.
illinois.
From Chebanse to Eldridgeville.
From Shelbyville, via Todd's Point and
Pra[i]rie House, to Moawequa.
From Fairfield, via Springerville and En-
field, to Sacramento.
From Meredosia to Beardstown.
From Carvin, via Roland and Elba, to
Equality.
From Fairfield to Flora.
From Louisville, via Xenia, Keenville, and
Long Pra[i]rie, to MacLeansboro.
From Mason, via Flemsburg, Winterrowd,
and Gibson's Store, to Newton.
From Moore's Pra[i]rie Post Office, via
Spring Garden, Daresville, and Williamsburg,
to Ashley.
indiana.
From Jerome to "West Liberty.
iowa.
From Washington to North English.
From Talleyrand to South English.
From Springfield to Victor.
From Belle Plain to Waterloo.
From Moulton to Centreviile.
michigan.
From Norwood, in Emmetcounty, via Antrim
City, to Atwood, in Antrim county.
From Otto, via Douglas and Cobmoosa, to
Pa-ba-mee.
From Hubbardston, Ionia county, to Alma,
Gratiot county.
minnesota.
From Lake City, via Pell, Forest Mound,
Elgin, and Viola, to Ezeota.
From Maple Plain, Hennepin county, to
Young America.
missouri.
From Springfield to Fort Scott.
From Neosho to Seneca.
From Wheeling to Alpha.
From Carthage to Sarcoxie.
From Neosho to Bentonville.
From Roscoe, via Stockton, Dadeville,
Greenfield, King'sPoint, Mount Vernon, Mari-
onsville,and Galena, to Berryville, in Arkansas.
From Marshfield to Dallas.
From Prvor's Store to Gainesville.
From Stewartsville to King's City.
From Boyd to Sand Spring?.
From Watson to Peru, in Nebraska.
From Competition to Plato.
Fro in Queen City to-Unionville.
From Chillicothe, via Alpha and Lindley, to
Winterville.
From Spring Hill to Gallatin.
From Phelps's City, via Rochfort and Quit-
man, to Marysville.
From Maysville, via Gentryville, to Albany.
From Iron Mountain, via Belleviewand Ka-
olin, to Edger Hill.
From Lebanon to Mountain Grove.
nevada.
F rom Belmont, via Hot Creek, Silver Springs,
and Tesoro, to Hamilton.
From Humboldt Wells, via Ruby Valley, to
Hamilton.
From Argenta to Austin.
From Twin River, via Silver Peak, to Pal-
metto.
From Palmetto, intersecting the Aurora and
Silver Peak route in Fish Lake valley.
From Austin, via Hamilton and Treasure
City, to Sherman Town.
From Belmont, via San Antonio, Silver Peak,
Palmetto, and Fish Lake, to Aurora.
nebraska.
From Arago, in the State of Nebraska, to
Craig, in the State of Missouri.
From Beatrice, Gage county, Nebraska, via
Caroline and Cub Creek, to Fairbury, Jeffer-
son county, Nebraska.
From Linwood to Columbus.
From Ashland to Columbus.
From Falls City, via Arago, to Craig Station,
Missouri.
From Susan City, via Riceville, to Wells
Mills.
north carolina.
From Salem to Jerusalem.
From Leakesville to Penn's Store, in Vir-
ginia.
From Jonesboro, via Harrington, Norvell,
and Summerville, to Harnell Court-House.
ohio.
From Somerset to Lancaster.
From New Holland to Pancoastburg. _
From Marion, via Maple Grove, to Middle-
town.
From North Liberty to Bentonville.
From Lancaster to Somerset.
From Corsica to Steam Corners.
From Elmore to Dewittville.
From Marietta to Cow Run.
oregon.
From Lewisville to Elk City.
pennsylvania.
From Howard, in Centre county, Pennsyl-
vania, by way of Walker, Hublersburg, and
Madisonville, to Centre Mills, in Centre county.
From Genese, in Potter county, Pennsyl-
vania, by way of West Brigham and Brigham
Centre, to Ulysses, in Potter county.
From Smithport, via Annin, to Port Alle-
gheny.
From Bowman's Creek to Tunkhannock.
From Troy, via Webler's Mills, to Lyon's
Mills.
From Sartwell, via Port Allegheny and
White's Summit, to Emporium.
From Pottstown,via East Coventry, to Setz-
ler's Store.
From Muncy, via Wolf Run, Huntersville,
Barbour's Mills, Plunkett's Creek, and Elk
Creek, to Eldredville.
From Liberty Corners, via Storrs's Mills, to
New Era.
From Mapleton, Huntingdon county, via
Harris Valley, Saltillo, to Scottsville.
south carolina.
From Bennettsvillo, via Parnassus. Browns-
ville, Selkirk, to Clio.
