54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10, 1869.
41st Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
thorize and direct the Attorney General to insti-
tute such suits and proceedings on behalf and
in the name of the United States, in any court
'of the United States having jurisdiction, as
shall be necessary or proper to compel the
giving of such security, and thereby, or in any
manner otherwise, to protect the interests of
the United States in said road, and to insure
the full completion thereof as a first-class road,
as required by law and the statutes in that case
made.
Sec. 4. And be it further resolved, That the
Attorney General of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to invest-
igate whether or not the charter and all the
franchises of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and of the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany have not been forfeited, and to institute
all necessary and proper legal proceedings;
also to investigate whether or not said compa-
nies have or have not made any illegal divi-
dends upon their stock, and if so to institute
the necessary proceedings to have the same
reimbursed; and also to investigate whether
any of the directors or any other agents or
employesof said companies haveor not violated
any penal law, and if so to institute the proper
criminal proceedings against all persons who
have violated such laws.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
No. 20.—Joint Resolution granting Right of
Way for the construction of a Railroad from
a point at or near Portland, Oregon, to a
point west of the Cascade Mountains, in
Washington Territory.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company be, and hereby is, author-
ized to extend its branch line from a point at j
or near Portland, Oregon, to some suitable '
point on Puget sound, to be determined by |
said company, and also to connect the same
with its main line west of the Cascade mount-
ains, in the Territory of Washington ; said
extension being subject to all the conditions
and provisions, and said company in respect
thereto being entitled to all the rights and priv-
ileges conferred by the act incorporating said
company, and all acts additional to and amend-
atory thereof: Provided, That said company
shall not be entitled to any subsidy in money,
bonds, or additional lands of the United States'
in respect to said extension of its branch line'
as aforesaid, except such lands as may be in-
cluded in the right of way on the line of such
extension as it may be located: And provided
further, lhat at least twenty-live miles of said
extension shall be constructed before the sec-
ond day of July, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, and forty miles per year thereafter
until the whole of said extension shall be com-
pleted.
Approved, April 10, 1869.
