
Numbers 135.-Lieutenant Colonel James C. Rice, Forty-fourth New York Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 136.-Lieutenant Colonel Hugh S. Campbell, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 137.-Brigadier General George Sykes, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 138.-Captain Stephen H. Weed, Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Chief of Artillery, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 139.-Captain John Edward, commanding Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville, and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 140.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Buchanan, Fourth U. S. Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 141.-Captain Thomas W. Walker, Third U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 142.-Captain John D. Wilkins, Third U. S. Infantry, of operations June 28-July 1, including engagement at Malvern Cliff and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 143.-Captain Joseph B. Collins, Fourth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 144.-Major Henry B. Clitz, U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 145.-Captain Matthew M. Blunt, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 146.-Captain John D. O'Connell, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 147. Major Charles S. Lovell, Tenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 148.-Lieutenant John S. Poland, Second U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 149.-Captain Thomas Hendrickson, Sixth U. S. Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 150.-Major De Lancey Floyd-Jones, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 151.-Major George L. Andrews, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 152.-Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 153.-Lieutenant Colonel Hiram Duryea, Fifth New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 154.-Brigadier General George A. McCall, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 155.-Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 156.-Colonel James H. Childs, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 157.-Lieutenant John G. Simpson, Battery A, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 158.-Captain James H. Cooper, Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

