
position to that indicated by yourself, near General Heintzelman's headquarters. From that time until the present the battery has taken the corps of Generals Sumner and Heintzelman to the plain immediately upon the river, from where, by your order,. we moved yesterday to our present camp.

I have to report but one casualty among my men, that of Private John H. Vennett, slightly wounded in the leg by a fragment of a shell while the battery was moving from one position to another. One man is still missing, but I hope yet to recover him, he having been known to have gone in advance with the wagons.

It affords me much gratification to testify to the gallant and spirited conduct of my officers and such of my men as were well enough to accompany the battery. Exposed as they had been for five days to almost uninterrupted fatigue, hardship, and privation, with little or no rest and almost nothing to eat, they were always ready to meet their duties, which they performed with alacrity, cheerfulness, and I may say success. I beg to refer particularly to the case of Private William R. Colby, an intelligent lad of twenty years of age, who, having become separated from the battery when near White Oak Swamp Bridge volunteered his services to Captain Porter, of the First Massachusetts Battery, and served gallantly during the battle of 30th of June, as testified to by Captain Porter in a note which I have received from him.

The main damage which I have sustained during this movement has been to my horses, of which I have lost 9 on the route; one only from a positive injury, the rest having dropped in harness during the last day's march, utterly incapable of being moved. I was already short in the number of my horses before starting,and until I can have time to rest those which I have (95, of which only 80 are effective), and to recuperate their strength by care and sufficient food, I cannot undertake to move my battery any considerable distance.

An equal degree of prostration exists among my men; out of 138 present there being but 108 fit for any duty. My loss in equipments, implements, and accouterments has been but slight and can doubtless soon be replaced. With rest from too onerous duty, regularity, and sufficiency of food I believe that in a short time I shall be able again to report the battery in as effective a condition as ever.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

W. M. BRAMHALL,

Captain, Commanding Sixth Independent N. Y. Battery.

Captain G. A. DE RUSSY, U. S. A.,

Commanding Reserve Artillery, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 35. Report of Lieutenant Francis W. Seeley,

Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of the action at Brackett's and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR CITY POINT, VA., July 4, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of Battery K, Fourth Artillery, under my immediately command in the actions of June 30 and July 1 near the White Oak Swamp.

On the 30th of June, the enemy having in strong force attacked the rear guard of our army at the White Oak Swamp, Battery K was ordered about 4 o'clock p.m. to a position on General Slocum's right, near

