
Numbers 159.-Lieutenant Frank P. Amsden, Battery G, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 160.-Colonel George S. Hays, Eighth Pennsylvania Reserves, First Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaine's Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 161.-Major Roy Stone, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Reserves (First Pennsylvania Rifles), of operations June 26-July 1.

Numbers 162.-Colonel Horatio G. Sickel, Third Pennsylvania Reserves, Second Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 163.-Colonel Albert L. Magilton, Fourth Pennsylvania, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm.).

Numbers 164.-Colonel C. Feger Jackson, Ninth Pennsylvania Reserves, third Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm.)

Numbers 165.-Colonel James T. Kirk, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 166.-Colonel John H. Taggart, Twelfth Pennsylvania Reserves, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 167.-Brigadier General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Corps, of operations June 27-July 2, including the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 168.-Brigadier General Henry W. Slocum, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations June 27-July 3.

Numbers 169.-Captain William Hexamer, Battery A, New Jersey Light Artillery, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 170.-Brigadier General George W. Taylor, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 171.-Colonel Alfred T. A. Torbert, First New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 172.-Lieutenant Colonel Samuel L. Buck, Second New Jersey Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm and the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 173.-Captain Edwin Bishop, Second New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 174.-Colonel Henry W. Brown, Third New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 27-July 7.

Numbers 175.-Colonel James H. Simpson, fourth New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 176.-Colonel Joseph J. Bartlett, Twenty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 177.-Lieutenant Colonel Jacob G. Frick, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Fifth Maine Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 178.-Major Joel J. Seaver, Sixteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 179.-Lieutenant Colonel Alexander D. Adams, Twenty-seventh New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 180.-Colonel Henry L. Cake, Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 181.-Brigadier General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 182.-Major John C. Meginnis, Eighteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

