
ure depended. Especial attention is also invited, to the gallant and meritorious services of Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, Seventy-first New York Volunteers, Major Stevens, Seventy-second New York Volunteers, and to Captain Donaldson, of the Seventy-third New York Volunteers, whose heroic conduct was conspicuous throughout the day.

Surgeon Prentice, of the Seventy-third New York, was with the advance, the greater part of the day, and too much praise, cannot be awarded him for his unwearied devotion to the wounded. His soldier-ship in the intervals of his professional duties were no less the subject of admiration.

Many other names among my officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates have claims to honorable mention as will be found in the accompanying reports.

I must again tender my sincere thanks to Captain Dickinson, assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenants Lawrence and Candler, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant Austin, officers, of my staff, for their faithful and devoted services during these operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Army Corps.
HDQRS. HOOKER'S DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, James River, Va., July 15, 1862.

In obedience to instructions my command was withdrawn from its advanced position before Richmond about sunrise on the 29th ultimo. We retired in condition to give or receive battle, as occasion might require, to a new line a mile or more to the rear, where it was halted and drawn up to check any advance of the enemy either by the Williamsburg road or railroad. The enemy followed up our movements closely, taking possession of our camps as soon as they were abandoned, but evincing no disposition to come to close quarters. We remained in our new position until about 3 o'clock p.,m., with no other event than a feeble attack on Sumner's line, that officer's corps being on my right, and few projectiles from the artillery which found their way inside my lines.

Orders were now sent me to fall back to Savage Station for its defense and while my column was moving for that purpose orders were again received to follow Kearny in his flank movement toward James River and to cross White Oak Swamp at Brackett's Ford, which was accomplished that night, the rear of my column coming up to Charles City road about 10 o'clock, at which point we bivouacked for the night. In this flank movement two of my batteries, Osborn's and Bramhall's had been detached for duty in the defense of Savage Station, where they rendered excellent service. The report of Captain Osborn is herewith forwarded, to which the attention of the major-general commanding the corps is especially invited.

About daylight the following morning, 30th ultimo, the major-general commanding the corps communicated to me in person that it was his desire that my division should cover what is called the Quaker road, over which our troops, artillery, and trains were to pass in their retrograde march to James River. As Kearny's division was assigned the

