
Grover was re-enforced by the Second New Hampshire and the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Regiments, but not until after he had suffered severely from the enemy's reserves. The enemy were rolled back through a part of McCall's camp, and passing Sumner's front, were by him hurriedly thrown over onto Kearny, where the fire was kept up to a late hour in the night.

During all this time several of Sumner's batteries had been doing splendid execution in the rebel ranks and greatly contributed to our success. The troops under Grover were withdrawn from the pursuit at dark and restored to their places in our line of battle.

Soon after this attack was made word was received from General Sickles that the enemy in his immediate front was preparing to turn our left, when all of our reserves were dispatched to strengthen him. No attack, however, in force was made, and Sickles' and Carr's brigades remained in position. The former reports the capture of 150 prisoners, in which are included 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 captain, 5 lieutenants, and 40 enlisted men, taken by Captain Park, Company F, Second Regiment New York Volunteers, Carr's brigade. To these should be added one stand of colors, all of which were forwarded to the headquarters of General Sumner.

The loss of the rebels in this battle was very severe. The field on which it was fought was one of unusual extent for the numbers engaged, and was almost covered with their dead and dying.

From their torches we could see that the enemy was busy all night long in searching for his wounded, but up to daylight the following morning there had been no apparent diminution in the heart-rending cries and groans of his wounded. The unbroken, mournful wail of human suffering was all that we heard from Glendale during that long, dismal night.

I was instructed to hold my position until Sumner and Kearny had retired over the Quaker road, and soon after daylight my command was withdrawn and followed them.

Among others I have the deplore the loss of Colonel Wyman of the Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, and, there is too much reason to believe, of Major Chandler, of the First Massachusetts Volunteers, both officers of singular merit and promise. Diligent search was made for the latter during the night without success, and no tidings, of his fate have since been received by his regiment.

I respectfully forward herewith the reports of brigade and regimental commanders; also the report of the services of Osborn's battery at Malvern Hill. From these it will appear that my division has again given me cause to be profoundly grateful for their conduct and courage.

As Colonel Owen has rendered me no report of the operations of his regiment, I can only express my high appreciation of his services, and my acknowledgments to his chief for having tendered me so gallant a regiment.

I must again make my heartfelt acknowledgments to my brigade commanders, and especially am I indebted to Brigadier-General Grover for his gallantry on this field.

I also beg leave to call the attention of the major-general commanding the corps to Surgeon Foye, of the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, for his activity in searching for our wounded and his devotion to them when found. His labors only ended on our abandonment of the field.

To Captain Dickinson, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Law-

