
through your letter, I can only say that his knowledge of them seems to be extremely limited. I hope that an opportunity will soon present itself, if it is a matter of doubt now, whether his opinions or mine are the correct ones.

In calling it the Quaker road, I adopted the name by which it was called on every map furnished me from headquarters; and in referring to your position as a camp,it only referred to the place where I had seen your troops passing the day in like manner with my own. I had pitched no tents during my transit from Casey's camp to Harrison's Landing. Until I received your letter I was not aware that any troops except your own occupied the ground in advance of my position.

But these are matters of but little or no consequence in the issue. I reported that your command was routed at Glendale, and if it was not I shall be rejoiced to be convinced to the contrary, that I may do your division "justice". I should be sorry to learn that I had ever done them injustice. I simply, what I believed, and still believe, to be a fact, without reflecting upon the conduct of your men while engaged with the enemy or expressing an opinion of his force which required you command to give way before him.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, U. S., INSANE ASYLUM,Near Washington City, D. C., October 15, 1862

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

If you have no objection I request that you will substitute the inclosed report* of the battle of Glendale for the one forwarded at the proper time. I desire it for the reason that the latter contained a reflection on the conduct of McCall's command which they nobly redeemed at South Mountain and Antietam. The language of my report was just and called for when made, but I do not think that it was so much the fault of the men as of other causes. I am now of opinion that the men were all right. In other regards the reports are identical.

Captain Moore will go up and return with the reports.

Please say to Hardie that I will do all I can for him, but my weight with the authorities is not perceptible.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTER GRAND DIVISION

Camp near Potomac Creek, Va., December 7, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE A. McCALL,Washington, D. C.:

Your letters of the 11th, 13th, and 19th of November, # with inclosures, were duly received as also that of the 2nd instant # and if I have delayed making my acknowledgment I assure you it has been from no want of respect, or desire on my part to remove from your mind

---------------

*That of July 15,p.110.

#Not found, but see McCall's report, Numbers 154.

---------------

