
Numbers 183.-Colonel Roderick Matheson, Thirty-second New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 184.-Lieutenant Colonel Gustavus W. Town, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 185.-Brigadier General William F. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

Numbers 186.-Captain Romeyn, B, Ayres, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations June 28-July 1.

Numbers 187.-Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

Numbers 188.-Colonel Hiram Burnham, Sixth Maine Infantry, of action of Garnett's Farm.

Numbers 189.-Colonel Francis L. Vinton, Forty-third New York Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.

Numbers 190.-Major Thomas M. Hulings, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.

Numbers 191.-Captain James D. Campbell, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of action at Garnett's and Golding's Farms.

Numbers 192.-Captain John B. Miles, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of action at Garnett's and Golding's Farms.

Numbers 193.-Colonel Amasa Cobb, Fifth Wisconsin Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.

Numbers 194.-Brigadier General William T. H. Brooks, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

Numbers 195.-Colonel Edwin H. Stoughton, fourth Vermont Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.

Numbers 196.-Lieutenant Colonel Lewis A. Grant, Fifth Vermont Infantry, of the battle of Savage Station.

Numbers 197.-Colonel Nathan Lord, jr., Sixth Vermont Infantry, of the action at Garnett's Farm.

Numbers 198.-Brigadier General John W. Davidson, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the action at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

Numbers 199.-Brigadier General Casey, U. S. Army, of operations at Tunstall's Station and White House, June 28.

ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Numbers 200.-Organization of the Confederate forces during the engagements around Richmond, Va.

Numbers 201.-General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Frazier's Farm and Malvern Hill with orders.

Numbers 202.-Surg. Lafayette Guild, Medical Director, Army of Northern Virginia, with Return of Casualties.

Numbers 203.-Captain Smith Stansbury, C. S. Army, commanding Richmond Arsenal, of captured ordnance, with inclosure from Lieutenant Jones.

Numbers 204.-Captain James E. Webb, C. S. Army, Acting Ordnance Officer of General D. H. Hill's division, of captured ordnance.

Numbers 205.-Lieutenant William M. Archer, C. S. Army, Ordnance Officer of Major General A. P. Hill's division, of captured ordnance.

Numbers 206.-Major Beverly Randolph, C. S. Army, Ordnance Officer, First division, First Corps, of captured ordnance.

Numbers 207.-Brigadier General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations June 26-July 10.

