
Immediately after this very brief engagement the battery was ordered to report to General Couch, on General Morell's right, and before coming into position was again ordered to report to General Hooker, on General Couch's right. These orders were by General Heintzelman. From this last position we participated at several different times during the day in assisting in driving the enemy's batteries from the open field, where he persisted in placing them at short intervals during the day. They were about 1,500 yards from us and shelling our troops. During the very severe engagement late in the afternoon I was in position too far to the right to bring the battery to bear upon the enemy. That day I fired 55 fuse shell, 20 case shot, and 4 percussion shell. The firing was mainly good, excepting that 4 shell in the afternoon failed to take the rifling of the piece,and revolving rapidly in their flight fell one-third of the distance short of their intended destination. At 2 a.m. I was ordered to fall back with the body of the army, and reached camp near Harrison's Landing.

It is a source of great satisfaction to me that none of my officers or men were injured in any of the engagements. I brought the battery through complete, and only suffered in the loss of several horses, brought about by excessive labor. Also the personal effects of many of the men.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. WARD OSBORN,

Captain Battery D, First New York Artillery.

Captain DE RUSSY.

Chief of Artillery, Third Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 39 Reports of Brigadier General Cuvier Grover,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagements at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and Peach Orchard or Allen's Farm and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION.

Camp near James River, Va., July 8, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 25th of June I received orders to move my brigade to the front of our intrenchments, near Fair Oaks, and to take up a position with a view to advancing our picket line and await further orders. The length of front assigned to my command was about that occupied by it when in line of battle. Upon this line I caused to be deployed as skirmishers the First and Eleventh Massachusetts, with strong supports, and detached two companies of the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania on the left of the line to keep the connection with General Kearny's division in case his pickets should not advance at the same time. The Second New Hampshire, the Sixteenth Massachusetts,and seven companies of the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania were held in reserve until the strong points of the enemy's position should be developed by the advancing line.

These dispositions being made, at 8.30 a.m. the final order was received to advance, and our line moved steadily on, meeting with increased and varied resistance in proportion to our advance. It there-fore became necessary to materially strengthen the whole line, and as

