
For details of the service thus rendered I would respectfully refer to the inclosed report of Colonel Wyman.

Soon after the detachment of the Sixteenth information was received from the left that a heavy force of the enemy was advancing, apparently with a view to attack our position on that flank. Major Henry, of the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, having his regiment in position in the field behind my right, at a request from me, with great alacrity re-enforced my left, and remained in that position until my brigade, at a late hour in the evening, was relieved by a picket from General Couch's division. Previous to the establishment of the pickets and after night had closed in the enemy had accumulated a large force of infantry, probably two brigades, with some artillery in our front, and busied themselves the whole evening in removing their wounded, leaving the dead.

About 9 p.m. the enemy formed line of battle and marched on our lines, delivered one fire, which was returned along our whole lines, upon which he retired. After the establishment of the pickets upon the new line I withdrew my brigade into the trenches and guarded them for the night. Our whole loss during the day was 17 killed, 139 wounded, and 4 missing; total, 160. The First Massachusetts Volunteers suffered much more heavily than any other regiment.

In conclusion I would specially recommend all of the regimental commanders-Colonels Codwin, Marston, Blaisdell, Wyman, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wells-for having well and gallantly performed every duty required of them, and would refer the attention of the general commanding the division to the recommendation which they make in their reports as deserving notice.

I would also make special mention of Captain Hubbert, Lieutenants Hubbard and Perkins, of my staff, as having done their duty with the greatest efficiency, both on the field and off, during the day. I consider that the rank and file of the whole brigade behaved during the day with most admirable steadiness, as usual.

I have the honor to be, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION.

Camp near James River, Va., July 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that after the battle before Fair Oaks, in which my brigade was engaged, on the 25th of June last, my command remained at its camp in that vicinity without the occurrence of any incident or movement worthy of note until the morning of the 29th when pursuant to orders duly received, my brigade, at about 6 a.m., withdrew from its advanced camp and took up a position behind the second line of intrenchments on the right of the Williamsburg road and joining on its right the left of General Sumner's corps d'armee, which rested upon the railroad. In this position we waited an advance of the enemy. Dispositions were made to avail ourselves of all the advantages afforded by the ground, and a strong picket from the Eleventh Massachusetts, under Major Tripp, was thrown out, covering the vari-

