
which had become partially loosened from the staff. It was a rebel regiment, and gave me a volley as soon as I was observed.

At dark a portion of my brigade, the Second New Hampshire and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, re-enforced the line on our right of the road, where the fighting did not cease until about 9.30 p.m. These regiments did not, however, come into action. At about 10.30 p.m. the latter regiments were withdrawn to their first positions. At about 4 p.m. on the 1st of July we carefully withdrew our pickets and continued our march, making an early camp at Malvern Hill. On the morning of the 2nd the march was continued to James River during a heavy rain and almost impassable roads. Since reaching this vicinity no incident worthy of notice has occurred.

The conduct of the Sixteenth Massachusetts on the 30th was highly distinguished. Its gallant colonel lost his life and its lieutenant-colonel and adjutant were wounded.

The First Massachusetts sustained the character it had previously won. It lost among many others its major.

The other regiments, the Second New Hampshire, Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers, and the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania, filled well and as usual the positions which by the fortunes of the day fell to their lot. I deem it sufficient to say that the regimental commanders, Colonel Cowdin, Colonel Marston, Colonel Blaisdell, Lieutenant-Colonel Wells, of the First Massachusetts, commanding the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania, and Major Lamson, commanding Sixteenth Massachusetts, after the fall of Colonel Wyman and the wounding of Lieutenant-Colonel Meacham, filled their positions unexceptionably and with credit to themselves. For cases of honorable mention within their commands I would respectfully refer to the inclosed reports.

To the members of my staff-Surg. T. B. Reed, Captain Hibbert, Lieutenants Hubbard, Brown, and Perkins-I am especially indebted for their faithful and efficient services in their respective lines of duty during the time covered by this report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Hooker's Division.

Numbers 40. Reports of Colonel Robert Cowdin,

First Massachusetts Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT MASSACHUSETTS INFANTRY,

Camp Lincoln, Va., June 25, 1862

In accordance with orders from the brigadier-general commanding brigade I this morning proceeded with my command from camp to the front and thence into the fallen timber and deployed my regiment as skirmishers, the right toward the Richmond road and the left toward Kearny's right flank and moved forward my line of skirmishers to the front, throwing a few pickets in advance, who soon became engaged with the enemy, the regiment continuing to move forward, driving the enemy's pickets back to their reserves, who made a firm and deter-

