
Chandler and Lieutenant Sutherland were wounded and fell, and were probably taken prisoners.

Dr. Munroe, my assistant surgeon, was untiring in his zeal in attending to the wounded as they were carried to the rear. The officers and men behaved with great courage and bravery during the whole time.

The following is a list of casualties in this engagement: Killed, 4; wounded, 30; missing, 28.

The commanders of companies report their men as acting with great bravery and doing faithfully.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

ROBERT COWDIN,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

WILLIAM SCHOULER, Adjutant-General, Massachusetts.

Numbers 41. Report of Colonel William Blaisdell,

Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Fair Oaks, Va., June 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 25th I was at 7 o'clock ordered to take a position in line of battle on our picket line and to deploy as skirmishers. I proceeded according to orders and deployed one-half of each company as skirmishers, holding the other half in reserve, and at once advanced and started my line of skirmishers through the fallen timber, and immediately became engaged with the enemy's pickets and reserves, moving cautiously and steadily, killing and driving the enemy before us to the open field, there forming a line of battle on the left of the First Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, and held that position until relieved by the One hundred and first Regiment of New York Volunteers, at 2 o'clock this morning.

In skirmishing through the woods my regiment kept up communication with the regiment on our right and arrived at the open field at the same time. The firing of my skirmishers in passing through the woods was very heavy and continuous, and yet I am most happy to state that the casualties in the regiment were very small comparatively having no one killed and only one man supposed to be mortally wounded.

The officers and men all behaved coolly and bravely. To single out any particular one would be doing injustice to the others, where all behaved so well. I was well supported by my field and staff officer-Major Porter D. Tripp and Adjutant Currier. Surgeon Foye and his assistant, Alfred G. Williams, were employed all day most assiduously in caring for the wounded of our own and other regiments.

Herewith annexed is a list of the wounded of this regiment, and I am most thankful for the almost miraculous escape of my men from being injured by the very heavy and continuous fire of the enemy.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BLAISDELL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Brigade, Hooker's Division.

---------------

*See return, p. 37.

---------------

