
No. 42. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George F. Tileston,

Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm.)
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,July 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In reply to circular of this date I would state that the regiment was engaged in the action near Seven Pines on Sunday, the 29th day of June. The casualties were 2 men wounded. The regiment was also engaged in the action near Saint Paul's Church June 30, but met with no loss. A report of the action of June 25 has been already forwarded.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. TILESTON.

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 43. Report of Colonel Powell T. Wyman,

Sixteenth Massachusetts Infantry of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,June 26, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment in the fight of yesterday.

On making the field in the morning my regiment was held in reserve by the general, and so placed as to repel any attack from the enemy on the left intended to cut off the advancing line of our regiments. Five companies of the regiment were detached under Lieutenant-Colonel Meacham about 8.30 o'clock a.m., to support the left of the Eleventh Massachusetts, they being seriously threatened by the enemy. These companies remained on this duty until almost 4 in the afternoon, when they were recalled. About 3 o'clock I was ordered to support the right of the First Brigade with these companies, and conducted them myself. I was relieved in command of them by Major Lamson about 4 p.m. I took command of the remaining seven companies, then held in reserve.

About 5 p.m. I received orders to march to the left, and report to General Robinson for the temporary purpose of supporting a light battery. On reporting I was directed to put my regiment in the edge of some woods to ward off any attack from the enemy coming from the left, the enemy being supposed to be in strong force there. My right flank, therefore, rested toward what may be considered the front of the enemy's lines. The battery having performed the service required of it was now withdrawn, but I was still left in the same position, with no orders to return. The enemy was soon reported as advancing in strong force upon my right flank through the woods. The pickets of our troops, which were in front of me, were rapidly retiring toward their left without firing. I took to attempt to withdraw my

