
regiment in good order from their exposed position, and though in the outset there was a little confusion, the men were rallied and advanced to the support of their comrades on the right flank, then seriously threatened.

At this moment there appeared to be a general movement of the enemy along the front, and the troops of Robinson's brigade began to retire along the whole of their front. With some of my companies I then crossed an open space between the right and left of that front, with intention of endeavoring to rally these broken troops. But the tide was too strong, and my own men were soon retiring with them to the cover of the woods, when again a stand (and a permanent one) was made. My regiment in the melee had become divided into two portions, one of which, under the lieutenant-colonel, reached their own brigade some time before I was enabled to do so. The regiment was reunited on its own brigade grounds of the morning about 8 p.m.

It being impossible for me to see the whole regiment during the period of this fight, there were doubtless many instances of good behavior on the part of officers and men which did not come under my personal observation. Of those which did I desire to mention particularly the behavior of Captain Wiley, Adjutant Merriam, and First Lieutenant Amory as worthy of the highest commendation. The energetic exertions of the adjutant and his constant presence wherever most needed are deserving of more than a passing notice.

The casualties of yesterday in the regiment are 3 killed, 4 missing, and 22 wounded. Of the wounded one was a commissioned officer, Second Lieutenant Cassander Flagg, who was slightly hurt in the shoulder in the early part of the day.

Very respectfully,

P. T. WYMAN,

Colonel Sixteenth Massachusetts,

Captain JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Asst. Adjt. General First Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 44. Report of Major Daniel S. Lamson,

Sixteenth Massachusetts Infantry of the battle of Glendale or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm)
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH Regiment MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,In Camp James River, Va., July 5, 1862

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the circular from headquarters of this date I will proceed to relate the position and actions in which this regiment participated since the date of the last report rendered. The action of the 25th June has been reported by the late colonel of the regiment, P. T. Wyman.

On Sunday, June 29, in connection with the brigade, we took our line of march to the rear, first covering the retreat of our picket line in front of our position at Fair Oaks. Upon reaching the first parallel of defense in rear of our late advance it became necessary to cover the artillery and baggage train against a threatened attack of the advancing enemy, and the Sixteenth was placed in line of battle in the woods commanding the approaches to the line of the woods, and on the left of the railroad. The march was resumed, however, without an engagement,

