
I should have remarked that after fighting all day and standing in the trenches the following night about 100 men were detailed from my regiment at 5 o'clock in the morning to fell timber on the Williamsburg road until 8 o'clock a.m.

During the operations of the 25th the detachment under Major Stevens was handled judiciously and effectively by that officer. It is but simple justice to the regiment to say that all the officers and the men, with but very few exceptions acquitted themselves admirably. They were confident, brave and obedient to orders.

Adjutant Lawrence is deserving of commendation not only for his activity and efficiency on the 25th instant, but also for the promptness with which he performs all his duties; also Sergeant-Major Moore, a brave man and a good soldier. He brought down 2 rebel sharpshooters from the trees where they were concealed and was himself severely wounded in the hand. I wish particularly to call attention to Surgeon Merron. I believe there is no one in the medical corps who performs his duties more faithfully or more skillfully than this officer. Where almost every man performed his part well and according to the best of his ability it might be considered invidious to mention particular cases of gallantry and good conduct, which otherwise I should be glad to do.

The casualties in my regiment on the 25th instant were 4 killed and 32 wounded, 4 mortally.* Of these 17 occurred in Company B.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILMAN MARSTON,

Colonel Second Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers.

JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SECOND REGIMENT NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS,

Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 10, 1862

On the morning of the 29th ultimo this regiment marched with the First Brigade, Hooker's division, from Fair Oaks, and after awaiting an attack from the enemy some 2 miles from that place on the road toward Savage Station until past 3 o'clock p.m. again marched toward White Oak Swamp, crossing the same at sunset, and camped near Saint Paul's Church.

About 9 o'clock a.m of the 30th ultimo the regiment was posted in line of battle on the right of the road leading past said church, and there remained until about 3 o'clock p.,m. when by order of the brigadier-general commanding the brigade I moved the regiment rapidly to the right about half a mile to the support of De Russy's battery, which was then hotly engaged with the enemy in that quarter. Before reaching the battery I was ordered to return to the ground originally occupied, the enemy having made a very determined attack in front and to the right of that position. Thence I was immediately ordered forward and formed line of battle at the base of a slight ridge of land beyond which the enemy were in force, thence forward to the crest of the ridge, then by the right flank into a wood on the same elevation, then farther to the right into an open field, where we remained until 9 o'clock p.m., momentarily expecting an attack at that point, the enemy being

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 37.

---------------

