
at this time in force beyond a narrow belt of wood in front of us. We were subsequently moved to the left, to the position we had before occupied, on the crest of the rising ground in the wood, throwing one company forward to observe the enemy. Soon after the regiment was moved farther to the left and in the rear of the Sixteenth Massachusetts Regiment, and this position we continued to occupy until dawn, when the whole brigade marched toward the James River.

Although my regiment occupied so many positions upon the field of battle during the day, and all the while within long musket-range of the enemy, it did not become actually engaged. We were never in position to return effectively the fire of the enemy, which reached us from a distance until as late as 9 o'clock p.,m. I have never seen the men of my regiment so eager for a fight as on that day. Every individual man seemed anxious to come to close quarters with the foe and to strike telling blows for the great cause in which they had voluntarily engaged at the peril of their lives.

None were killed upon the field. Capts. Edward L. Bailey and Samuel P. Sayles were slightly wounded, as also were Privates William A. Heywood and John W. Harmond, of Company A; Joseph Tallin and James M. Wiggin, of Company H; James Mayhew, Company F; James M. Wellman, Company G; Abiel W. Colgan and George H. Thyng, Company E, and John H. Breeze, of the same company, mortally.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILMAN MARSTON

Colonel Second Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers.

Captain JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 46 Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George D. Wells,

First Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove or King's School-House, and battle of Glendale or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).
HDQRS. 26TH Regiment PA. VOLS, 1ST Brigadier HOOKER'S DIV.,Camp at Fair Oaks, Va., June 26, 1862

SIR;	 I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 25th I was ordered to detach four companies, under Captain Moffett, to re-enforce the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers. I was ordered with the remaining companies to the front to support the First Massachusetts then heavily engaged. While performing this duty I ascertained that our line there had no connection with the right and that its connection with its left was very weak. I so reported, and was ordered to make the connection on both flanks. I threw two companies between the right and left wings of the First Massachusetts on the left and extended the remaining three companies from the Second New Hampshire to the Williamsburg road.

Soon after this Sickles' brigade came forward on the Second New Hampshire, my right connecting with Sickles' left. The First Brigade now formed a continuous line of battle, holding the extreme advance ordered in the morning, and extending from Sickles' on the right to

