
that held by us. I did, so charging through for about a quarter of a mile, and covering and holding the entire open space, clearing it of the enemy so far as I could see. The men charged with great cheering and shouting and the enemy fled, leaving us from 20 to 30 prisoners, who were extracted from ditches and other places of concealment. The smoke of battle and the coming night making it very dark and my left flank extending toward and nearly reaching the enemy's wood, I filed my men into the front edge of our wood in such position as to cover the entire open space on our front. From this point I was withdrawn and posted to support a portion of Sumner's corps. The next morning we went to Malvern Hill, and were posted on the right directly before one of our batteries, which was firing over us most of the day. The next day reached Harrison's Landing.

Casualties: 13 wounded, 12 missing, 5 prisoners.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant.

GEO. D. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain JOSEPH HIBBERT, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 47. Reports of Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles,

U. S. Army commanding Second Brigade, of the engagements at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Glendale or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. EXCELSIOR Brigadier, SECOND (HOOKER'S) DIVISION.

July 7, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at sunrise on the morning of the 25th ultimo I was directed by the brigadier-general commanding the division to report with my command at the advanced line of defenses on the Williamsburg road. In obedience to orders received soon after reaching the earthworks at 8 o'clock a.m. I formed my brigade in line of battle in front of the works on the right of the First Brigade and on the right and left of the Williamsburg road. My right wing (Second and Fourth Regiments) rested on the left of General Sumner's line. My left wing comprised the Third, First, and Fifth Regiments, the right of the Fifth Regiment resting on the road, and my left flank regiment (Colonel Taylor's) supported by the right of the First Brigade. Seven companies of skirmishers were thrown forward through the fallen timber about 300 yards, and were soon engaged with the enemy's pickets.

In this order of battle the two brigades advanced through the woods in a line perpendicular to the road. Owing to the extreme difficulty which my left encountered in penetrating the abatis as we entered the woods I was unable to keep in line with the First Brigade, and could not move my right, which was unimpeded and somewhat in advance, until the left had gained sufficient ground to align with the right wing. Colonel Graham, immediately on the left of the road, soon reported to me that half so his men were struggling through a swamp nearly up to their waists in water and mud. I withdrew him from the fallen timber, and directed him to move along the road by the flank and then by file into line parallel with the right. We then advanced in line of battle

