
Numbers 234.-Lieutenant Colonel Lawson Botts, Second Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 235.-Colonel Charles A. Ronald, Fourth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 236.- Colonel William W. H. Baylor, Fifth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 237.-Captain G. C. Smith, Twenty-seventh Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 238.-Colonel John F. Neff, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 239.-Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Cunningham, Twenty-first Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division (Jackson's), of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 240.-Captain William P. Moseley, Twenty-first Virginia Infantry, of operations June 27-July 10.

Numbers 241.-Major Henry Lane, Forty-second Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 242.-Captain John M. Vermillion, Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 243.-Captain B. W. Leigh, First Virginia Battalion, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 244.-Colonel E. T. H. Warren, Tenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division (Jackson's), of operations June 26-July 1.

Numbers 245.-Captain George W. Wooding, Danville (Va.) Artillery, of engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 246.-Brigadier General Alexander R. Lawton, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, Second Division (Jackson's), of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 247.-Colonel Marcellus Douglass, Thirteenth Georgia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 248.-Major E. S. Griffin, Twenty-sixth Georgia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 249.-Major J. H. Lowe, Thirty-first Georgia Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 250.-Captain William H. Battey, Thirty-eighth Georgia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 251.-Major Thomas J. Berry, Sixtieth Georgia Infantry (Fourth Georgia Battalion), of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 252.-Major General Richard S. Ewell, C. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of skirmishes at Hundley's Corner, battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill, and skirmish at Westover.

Numbers 253.-Colonel James A. Walker, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 254.-Brigadier General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 255.-Brigadier General Isaac R. Trimble, C. S. Army, commanding Seventh Brigade, of operations June 26-July 4, including battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill and skirmish at Westover.

Numbers 256.-Colonel Leroy A. Stafford, Ninth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Eighth Brigade, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 257.-Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, First Maryland Infantry (Confederate), commanding Maryland Line, of skirmishes at Hundley's Corner, battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill, and skirmish at Westover.

Numbers 258.-Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army, of engagement at King's School-House, battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

