
I have to regret the severe loss sustained by Colonel Taylor. Besides Captain Stephen M. Doyle, an officer conspicuous for courage and zeal, who was killed early in the action, this regiment lost 14 killed and 47 wounded out of a force of about 300 engaged.

Colonel Graham (Fifth) lost 8 wounded. Commendation is pre-eminently due to Colonel Taylor, Major Stevens, and the officers and men of the Third Regiment for gallantry and distinguished conduct in this action. Colonel Graham (Fifth), during the brief period his regiment was under fire, handled his men with judgment and tact, displaying his characteristic intrepidity in action.

The loss inflicted upon the enemy in my immediate front was very great. Without estimating the destructive fire of the Third and Fifth Regiments, which was at short range and delivered with coolness and precision, the artillery swept the woods with grape and canister, followed by shell as the enemy fled through the undergrowth. During the night the air was laden with the cries of their wounded, which were audible all along my lines, and as I advanced my pickets it was difficult for them to avoid the enemy's dead and wounded lying in their paths. Many of my own wounded were left behind. They were brought to the rear and placed beside others of our men in some farm buildings near General Couch's headquarters. Every possible attention was given to them. I sent Lieutenant Tremain, aide-de-camp, as well for ambulances as for ammunition, but with all his efforts he was only able to procure three, and these could not be brought to the depot for the wounded until morning, when we had commenced our flank movement. A few only were brought away, with the body of Captain Doyle. It was painful beyond expression to abandon so many brave men. If a surgeon could have been left with them my solicitude for their fate would have found some alleviation. All the medical officers of my command were on duty at the general hospital, nearly a mile in the rear.

Lieutenant Tremain, aide-de-camp, the only officer of my staff able to report for duty, was as usual distinguished for zeal and gallantry, although suffering throughout the day from severe indisposition. I am indebted to the gallant Major W. O. Stevens, Third Excelsior, for his kindness in conveying my orders when no staff officer was present.

I have the honor to inclose copies of the reports of Colonel Nelson Taylor, Third Excelsior, and Colonel Charles K. Graham, Fifth Excelsior, with lists of their killed and wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain FRED T. LOCKE, A. A. G., Fifth Provisional Army Corps.

Numbers 48. Report of Major Thomas Holt,

Seventieth New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment EXCELSIOR BRIGADE, U. SV.,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my regiment was ordered to advance on the morning of the 25th of June, 1862, and engaged the enemy at Fair Oaks. We continued advancing until ordered to fall

