
back at 11.30 a.m. At 1.30 p.m. we were ordered to advance through the woods and swamp and drive the enemy from it again. We advanced through the swamp until we gained the open field, which position we held until relieved by General Palmer's brigade at 6.30 p.m. On the 26th instant we were held as a reserve in the trenches. The 27th spent in camp. The 28th we occupied the trenches in our regular tour of duty. On the morning of the 29th, at 6.30, we fell back to the second line of defense, lay there until 3 p.m. when we took up our line of march for James River. We bivouacked at 7.50 p.m. on the south side of the Charles City road. At 9.30 a.m. on the 30th instant moved the regiment to the Quaker City road, and formed line of battle at 1.30 p.m. to support a brigade of General McCall's. At 1.30 a.m. July 1 I was ordered to fall back. Halted at 5 o'clock a.m. in an open field and remained until 10 a.m. I was then ordered on picket in the woods to the front of our position. At 6.30 p.m. I received an order to assemble my pickets and move to the support of a brigade of Porter's division, which order was obeyed at a double-quick. At 2 o'clock a.m. July 2 I was ordered to fall back and make Harrison's Landing, which we did in good order. On the afternoon of the 3rd of July I received orders to break camp. We marched at 4 o'clock p.m., and bivouacked in an open field. At 7 p.m. on the 4th I was ordered to march to the front, and bivouacked at 9 p.m. in the field we now occupy as a camp.

Our loss since June 25 has been 6 killed, 11 wounded and 1 missing. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS HOLT,

Commanding First Regiment.

Captain O. H. HART, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

What regiment did Major Holt relieve?

What order did he receive and from whom?

Whether from General Porter or General Couch?

What positions did the regiment occupy?

What loss, if any, was sustained?

Was the regiment engaged with the enemy?

P. S.-CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, in compliance with inquiries made on the foregoing that on the 1st of July at about 6 o'clock, p.m. whilst on picket, I received orders from Lieutenant Tremain, aide-de-camp of General Sickles, to withdraw my pickets immediately and move at double-quick to support a brigade of General Porter's division. After moving to the front and halting under the fire of the enemy I was ordered to advance about 500 yards, and was there ordered to remain in line of battle by General Sickles until I received orders from him. We remained in this position about one hour, when I received orders from an aide-de-camp of General Howe, stating that it was an order from General Sickles to advance to the front and form in line of battle to relieve a regiment I believe to be the Eighty-first Pennsylvania, but I am not certain, in which position I remained until about 2 a.m. when I was relieved by orders of General Sickles in person. The Fourth Regiment was under my command, and acted in conjunction with me during the whole day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS HOLT,

Major, Commanding First Regiment.

