
Numbers 49. Report of Colonel George B. Hall,

Seventy-first New York Infantry, of the battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SECOND Regiment EXCELSIOR BRIGADE, U. S. V.,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 8, 1862

CAPTAIN: In connection with my report, pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 108. I am requested to add that on the 26th ultimo my command was on duty at the earthworks in front of Fair Oaks: relieved in the evening.

June 27, on duty at earthworks.

June 28, in camp under arms.

June 29, at daylight retreated to second line of defense, near Savage Station.

June 30, held in reserve near Charles City road. Lost 1 killed and 2 wounded (1 severely).

July 1, moved at daylight toward Malvern Hill, where we formed line near the center and rested till 1 p.m. when the enemy's batteries having opened on our right, we were moved at double-quick to the extreme right,and took position in a clover-field on a side hill. There rested until late in afternoon, when the attack was made on the extreme left. We were then ordered to re-enforce the command there, and moved at double-quick about 1 mile. After forming line on hill west of the house we were ordered to re-enforce General Couch; then advanced to the front, formed in support of his battery, which was then shelling the woods in front. Shortly afterward moved to the right to relieve the First Regiment Chasseurs, Lieutenant-Colonel Shaler, and remained in that position about two hours, when we moved forward in line with the Third Regiment of this brigade, and occupied that position until about 1 a.m. of the 2nd instant, when we were withdrawn to the rear on the right of the road and in line with the negro quarters before the woods. Holding this position until about 6 a.m. we were ordered to form a portion of the rear guard, under command of Colonel Averell, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, continuing under his orders until, about 9 a.m. we were relieved and ordered to join our brigades, when we marched to our first camp, near Harrison's Landing, Va.

July 3, in same camp.

July 4, changed camp, about 2 miles distant.

July 5, changed camp to present locality.

July 6, in same camp.

July 7, on picket from 8 a.m. until 10 a.m.

July 8, being relieved by the Fifth Regiment.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. B. HALL,

Colonel Second Regiment, Excelsior Brigade, U. S. V., Commanding

Captain O. H. HART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

