
Numbers 51. Report of Captain Alfred A. Donalds,

Seventy-third New York Infantry, of engagements at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and Peach Orchard or Allen's Farm, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE.

July 7, 1862.

In accordance to orders received from headquarters I hereby transmit a report of the duty performed by this regiment, commencing on the morning of June 25:

The regiment left camp at Fair Oaks under command of Captain Alfred A. Donalds with one day's rations, and were ordered to form in line of battle, the left resting on the right of the Williamsburg road, the Second Excelsior on our right. Received orders to deploy one company as skirmishers and push forward through the woods, supported by the main line. Continued through the woods toward Richmond until attacked by the pickets of the enemy at the Brick Chimney, where the regiment had a brisk engagement, and lost 28 men killed and wounded, holding our ground for some time, until ordered to fall back to the edge of the woods near the redoubt, when on receiving a fresh supply of ammunition, we returned to the Brick Chimney, where we received a volley of musketry from the enemy, which we promptly returned, driving them from their position. We were then relieved by General Palmer's brigade and fell back to the skirt of the woods, and lay there until sundown. We were ordered to return to camp, which was done in good order.

June 26, on duty in rifle pits and redoubt.

June 27, on duty in rifle pits and redoubt.

June 28, received orders to have three days' rations in haversacks, and to destroy everything that could not be carried.

On the morning of the 29th left camp and fell back as far as the second line of defenses between Fair Oaks and Savage Station, where there was a brisk engagement on our right. We lost 2 men by the bursting of shell. Left the rifle pits and fell back through the woods, and encamped in a wheat field near Charles City road. Left this place on the morning of the 30th. Went through the woods and crossed the Charles City road and formed in line of battle, and was held in reserve during the engagement of Monday afternoon, and evening, which we left at daylight on the morning of July 1, when we went on to the hill near the James River, where in the afternoon we went on picket, accompanied by the First Excelsior. We were next ordered to the support of General Couch's division same night, which place we left between 1 and 2 o'clock the morning of the 2nd, and arrived at Harrison's Bar same afternoon, and on the 4th removed to the camp we now occupy.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

ALFRED A. DONALDS.

Captain, Commanding Fourth Regiment, Excelsior Brigade.

