
Numbers 52. Reports of Colonel Charles K. Graham,

Seventy-fourth New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment EXCELSIOR Brigadier, U. S. VOLS,Camp near James River, Va., July 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On the 25th ultimo, at 8 a.m., this regiment was ordered beyond the intrenchments at Fair Oaks and to march through the woods on the left of the Williamsburg road, for the purpose of driving in the enemy's pickets. Throwing out two companies of skirmishers it advanced over 300 yards in the wood without encountering any opposition. Then, the enemy appearing in considerable force, the skirmishers fell back on the regiment, and the regiment advanced in line of battle, supported on the right by the Fourth Regiment and on the left by the First Regiment, until the woods were about cleared.

At this time the fire from the enemy's rifle pits was very heavy, and it was evident that they were in considerable force and rapidly receiving re-enforcements. All the regiments steadily advanced, pouring in heavy volleys, and the enemy was forced to abandon his position.

At 11 o'clock a.m. in obedience to orders, this regiment with the others of this brigade was withdrawn to the skirt of the wood. Remaining there an hour, orders were again received to advance to the position occupied by us in the wood before retiring. This was done, the opposition being comparatively slight. About 3 o'clock the enemy commenced a heavy fire of grape and canister, but fortunately few of the regiment were injured. Fresh troops arriving to relieve the brigade, this regiment returned to camp at 6 p.m. Killed, 2; wounded, 30, total, 32.*

All the officers conducted themselves creditably. In the absence of the adjutant, Lieutenant Willard Bullard discharged his duties with promptness and gallantry. Sergeant Vanderzee, a new recruit, and Sergeants Page and Whitney, and Sergeant-Major Chamberlain deserve especial mention for their activity and coolness.

In the action of the 1st instant, [30th ultimo], at 10 o'clock a.m. this regiment was ordered to take up a position, the Fourth Regiment on the right, and the First on the left, along the borders of a fence, which it maintained until withdrawn, about 3 a.m. on the 2nd, [1st]. About 1 p.,m. a heavy fire was opened from the wood opposite, which was not returned, as it was evident that it proceeded from a portion of McCall's command. The fence and the character of the ground affording excellent shelter, no persons were injured, and but 2 persons were slightly wounded during the whole day by the bursting of a shell.

Respectfully, your obedient servant

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Colonel.

Captain O. H. HART, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE.

Camp near Harrison's Bar, July 5, 1862

CAPTAIN: On the 2nd [1st] instant,at 5 p.m., this regiment was ordered with the others of the brigade to the support of the First Brigade, which was stationed in a wood but a few hundred yards from the camp.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 38

---------------

