
Arriving on the ground, the brigade formed in a ravine, and continued there until ordered to go to the support of General Couch's division, which was engaged on the left. This movement was executed rapidly. Arriving on the field of battle, the regiments were formed in echelon, the Third Regiment 40 paces in advance of the Fifth, which positions were maintained during the continuation of the fight, the Third being on the right of the wood and the Fifth on the left, about 100 yards in advance of a battery of our artillery. Opening an oblique fire to the left, the enemy almost immediately retired from the field.

Subsequently the regiment was withdrawn from the field to the support of the battery on the right. At 10 p.m. it was again advanced, and pickets thrown to the borders of the woods. These pickets could distinctly see the enemy gathering up the wounded and hear commands given as if they were forming for an attack upon the battery. This information was reported to General Couch, and about 2 o'clock the regiment retired from the field with the force on duty there.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES K. GRAHAM.

Colonel.

Captain O. H. HART.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 53. Reports of Colonel Joseph B. Carr,

Second New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, HOOKER'S DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp at Fair Oaks Va., June 26, 1862

I have the honor to report the part which the Third Brigade, under my command, took in the battle of Fair Oaks, on the 25th instant.

On the afternoon of the 24th this command relieved General Sickles' brigade, and commenced its tour of duty in the defenses on our front. The Eighth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers were ordered out on the right and front into the redoubt and the rifle pits extending between it and the Williamsburg road, and the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers were sent to the left and front to do picket duty there. The rest of the force were disposed of in the main redoubt and the defenses to the right and left of it. At 8 o'clock on the morning of the 25th the First and Second Brigades came up, and were by the command of General Hooker formed in line of battle on our front in two lines, and at 8.30 o'clock moved forward through the woods. Firing was soon heard, which after a short time became heavy, and at 9 o'clock the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, which had previously relieved the Eighth Regiment in the redoubt on the left, were sent forward to support the Second Brigade, engaged on the right of the road in the woods in front.

I refer you to the accompanying report of Colonel J. W. Revere for a detailed account of the part that the Seventh New Jersey Volunteers took in the engagement and as they were immediately under the eye of General Hooker he is enabled from actual observation to indorse the praises which Colonel Revere bestows upon the coolness and bravery of his officers and men.

The Second Regiment New York Volunteers were ordered to the front

