
Numbers 259.-Brigadier General R. E. Rodes, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 260.-Colonel John B. Gordon, Sixth Alabama Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 261.-Major Robert M. Sands, Third Alabama Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 262.-Colonel John B. Gordon, Sixth Alabama Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 263.-Colonel B. B. Gayle, Twelfth Alabama Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 264.-Brigadier General Samuel Garland, jr., C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, and battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 265.-Colonel Daniel H. Christie, Twenty-third North Carolina Infantry, of operations May 30-June 30.

Numbers 266.-Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 267.-Major H. P. Jones, commanding Artillery Battalion, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

Numbers 268.-Captain A. Burnet Rhett, South Carolina Battery, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

Numbers 269.-Lieutenant Colonel John B. Estes, Forty-fourth Georgia Infantry, of the battles of Ellison's Mill, or Mechanicsville and Malvern Hill.

No. 270.-Lieutenant Colonel William L. De Rosset, Third North Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Ellison's Mill, or Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 271.-Major General J. Bankhead Magruder, C. S. Army, commanding Magruder's, McLaw's, and D. R. Jones' including the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Peach Orchard, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, and Malvern Hill, with resulting correspondence.

Numbers 272.-Brigadier General David R. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding First division, of operations June 27-July 1, including the battle of Gaines' Mill, actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Fair Oaks Station (Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm), and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 273.-Major John J. Garnett, Chief of Artillery, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Fair Oaks Station (Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm), and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 274.-Brigadier General Robert Toombs, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 275.-Lieutenant Colonel William R. Holmer, Second Georgia Infantry, of the action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 276.-Colonel William T. Millican, Fifteenth Georgia Infantry, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 277.-Colonel Henry L. Benning, Seventeenth Georgia Infantry, of the action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 278.-Colonel J. B. Cumming, Twentieth Georgia Infantry, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 279.-Colonel George T. Anderson, Eleventh Georgia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 280.-Colonel William J. Magill, First Georgia Regulars, of the engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 281.-Captain George H. Carmical, Seventh Georgia Infantry, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Malvern Hill.

