
about 1.30 o'clock and advanced through the woods on the right of the Williamsburg road until, after receiving two volleys from the enemy, they formed a junction on the farther edge of wood, with the Tenth Massachusetts on their left and Richardson's pickets on their right. I am happy to say that although this was effected under the fire of the enemy, the loss of this regiment is not heavy. Captain John Arts, of Company K, who had volunteered to go ahead of the regiment to ascertain the position of our forces in front, was so severely wounded in the leg while bravely performing that duty as to render amputation necessary.

The officers and men of the regiment with few exceptions behaved remarkably well. I would respectfully refer you to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Olmsted, commanding for a more detailed statement of the services rendered.

The Fifth New Jersey Volunteers were on picket duty on the front and left of the road during the day, and after General Grover had made his advance the Seventh, by order, advanced their pickets, and established them about 20 paces in front of the ground occupied by the First Brigade. About 2 o'clock the Seventh were ordered to retire to the tree used by the lookouts, where it remained until 7 o'clock p.m., when a heavy fire of musketry came from the left of the tree, and by order of General Grover the regiment moved forward to support the line,and formed on the left of the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers,and remained there until 11 o'clock p.m. when they were relieved by the Fourth Maine Volunteers.

The rest of my force were in the main redoubt and trenches during the day, ready to drive the enemy back had they succeeded in forcing our men who were engaged in front to retire.

The loss in killed, wounded, and missing in the brigade is as follows, as per regimental returns:

Captured

Killed	 Wounded	 or missing.

Command.	 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlis	 Aggr

 ers	 ted	 ers	 ted	 ers 	 ted	 egat

 	 men	 	 men	 	 men	 e

5th New	 -	 -	 -	 4	 -	 1	 5

Jersey

7th New	 1	 -	 -	 5	 1	 -	 7

Jersey

2nd New York	 -	 -	 1	 3	 -	 2	 6

Total	 1	 -	 1	 12	 1	 3	 18

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. CARR,

Colonel Second New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS.

Army of the Potomac, July 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the Third Brigade, commanded by me, during the change of front and the battles in which it was engaged:

