
On Saturday, the 28th ultimo, at 4 p.m., I was ordered to the front to relieve the First Brigade, then performing picket duty. After arriving I stationed the different regiments as follows, viz: Sixth New Jersey in the advance redoubt, the Seventh New Jersey on the right of the Williamsburg road, and the Fifth and Eighth New Jersey and the Second New York on the left of the road; also sent 90 of the Second New York as the advance picket. At 11 o'clock that evening I received orders to have all the wagons loaded with commissary stores and ammunition and for every man to provide himself with three days' rations, which order I promulgated to the commanding officers of regiments.

At 5 o'clock a.m., June 29, I was relieved by the First Brigade, in order that I might prepare my brigade to move, which was done in a very brief space of time. At 6 o'clock I commenced the movement, and formed line of battle on the left of the Williamsburg road about a mile to the rear of the rifle pits. I was then ordered by General Hooker to move and form my brigade on the right of the road in the rear of the second line of defenses. There we remained until 4 o'clock p.m., when I was ordered to move and take the rear of the division, which covered the whole column. This position we retained without molestation from the enemy until we arrived at White Oak Swamp, where we bivouacked for the night.

At 12 m. on the following morning [30th] I was ordered to form line of battle in the edge of the woods in the rear of the Quaker Meeting-House, to support Generals McCall and Kearny, who anticipated an attack from the enemy. I posted four regiments on the left of the First Brigade and one on the left of the Second Brigade [the Second New York], directing them to throw out one company as flankers. While the enemy was hotly engaged with the first line they advanced on to our left and engaged the flankers from the Second New York, under command of Captain Sidney W. Park, who stood their ground nobly, and captured one battle flag [bearing the inscriptions "Williamsburg" and "Seven Pines"] 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 captain, 5 lieutenants, and from 30 to 40 enlisted men-all belonging to the Seventeenth Virginia. As the enemy did not advance by the first line the remainder of the brigade did not become engaged. I retained the position until 3 o'clock the next morning, July 1, when ordered to move to the rear of the First Brigade, which order I endeavored to carry out, but was prevented by the Second Brigade, which broke through my line and passed me, as I believe, contrary to orders. At about 6 o'clock I arrived at Kemp's farm, on the James River. After remaining here for two hours was ordered to form line of battle on the left of the road, which was done under a heavy fire from the enemy's battery, but the position was chosen by General Hooker, and it was a splendid one, for we could resist an attack against three times our number, as every man was under cover.

I remained here until 3 o'clock the following morning, July 2, when I received orders from General Heintzelman's aide to move my brigade immediately, and also notify General Grover to do the same. I sent word to General Grover, and at the same time moved my own brigade. It commenced raining, and rained incessantly until after my arrival at Harrison's Landing, which rendered the march excessively severe, especially on the convalescents. After reaching Harrison's Landing we immediately went into camp and remained until the following morning, July 3, when we were ordered to march, without camp equipage or knapsacks. After marching about 2 miles and halting as many hours

