
we were ordered to another camp, where we remained until the following morning, when General Patterson took command of the brigade.

In closing, it affords me no ordinary pleasure to compliment nearly all the officers of the brigade, especially Colonel Mott, of the Sixth New Jersey, for his coolness and excellent judgment, and Captain Sidney W. Park of the Second Infantry, New York Volunteers, who commanded his company while acting as flankers during the engagement of the 30th ultimo, and captured so many officers and men, as well as a battle flag, without losing a man; also Lieutenant C. K. Hall for his very efficient and able services as aide during the whole movements and engagements which the brigade took part in.

Colonel Starr's report has been sent for on three different occasions, and he has up to the present neglected to forward it.

The report of the affair of the 25th ultimo has been forwarded heretofore.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. B. CARR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

No. 54. Report of Colonel Samuel H. Starr,

Fifth New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 1.

HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 12, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders I briefly report that my regiment, forming a part of the Third Brigade, Hooker's division, was one of the last regiments to fall back from our position at Fair Oaks, and formed a part of the rear guard on the 29th of June. The regiment was under fire every day of the movement from Fair Oaks to this camp save one, but was not called upon to take an active part in any one of the series of engagements which characterized the change of the base of operations.

A list of casualties since the 1st of June I have had the honor of submitting.*

From the 2nd to the 28th of June inclusive the regiment was on picket duty every third day, and a number of casualties occurred. The insalubrity of the locality of its camp, its hard service, exposure, and want of palatable food have sickened, weakened, and exhausted the regiment, and repose has become an absolute necessity. I take pleasure in being able to say that the regiment in retreat bore itself [with some exceptions, which I shall name] with as much coolness and deliberation as if it had been advancing instead of retreating before a greatly-superior force. My regiment is reduced by death and sickness to 441 effective musketeers, but on these the general may confidently rely.

The exceptions alluded to above are Lieuts. C. A. Angel and Theodore P. Large, and some 30 non-commissioned officers and privates, who

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp.26, 117.

---------------

