
About 10 o'clock p.m. of the 25th I received orders from the general commanding the division to establish a picket line on the ground occupied by Grover's brigade. On the receipt of that order I marched seven companies forward, and established the line about 20 paces in front of Sickles' and Grover's brigades. In a few minutes after the line had been established a volley of musketry was fired from the rear, for what reason I know not, but certainly it was not at an advancing enemy. Fortunately my men were lying down; but 2 being wounded by the volley.

About 2 o'clock in the afternoon I received orders from the general commanding the division to withdraw my men and form the battalion in rear of the tree used as a lookout.

At 6 o'clock in the evening I received orders from the colonel commanding the brigade to march the regiment inside of our line of works, when General Grover requested me to remain, stating that the enemy were then shelling his line, and he might require re-enforcements, which request I complied with.

At 7 o'clock in the evening a heavy volume of musketry came from the left of the tree mentioned above. General Grover then ordered me to the support of the line, and to form on the left of the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which position I remained in until 11 o'clock at night, being relieved by the Fourth Maine Volunteers.

Several of the companies had nothing to eat during the entire day except breakfast. Colonel Starr, having a severe attack of dysentery for the past several days, part of the time being confined to his tent, was unable to appear upon the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN RAMSEY,

Major Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain C. M. PREVOST,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

No. 56. Report of Colonel Gershom Mott,

Sixth New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 3.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by my regiment during the engagements since Saturday, June 28:

At about 4 o'clock p.m. I received orders that the Third Brigade would relieve the First, then on duty at the trenches at Fair Oaks. When arrived there I was ordered to occupy the outer redoubt and to hold it at all hazards. About 1.30 o'clock a.m., of Sunday, June 29, I received an order that the wagons were to be loaded with provisions and started to the rear, all private property to be destroyed, and the public property that could not be transported to be destroyed likewise. At about 4 a.m. I was relieved by Colonel Cowdin, and I received an order to march my regiment to camp, have knapsacks packed, tents struck, men to get their breakfast, and to be furnished with three day's provisions, and that I had fifteen minutes to do it all in.

I left camp about 5 a.m., and marched to the rear about half a mile

