
and formed line of battle on the left of the Williamsburg road; remained there about one hour, then resumed march to the rear and formed line of battle on the right of the same road to the right of the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, which regiment occupied some earthworks there. About 4 p.m. resumed the march and continued until about 10 p.m. when I bivouacked for the night.

On Monday morning about 9 o'clock I was ordered into position to form a second line of battle on White Oak Swamp, to support Generals Kearny and McCall. In the afternoon they had a severe battle with the enemy, and shell and shot flew thick among my regiment, but having them well protected I only had 2 men wounded, 1 being struck by a piece of shell, the other by a buck-shot, both slight wounds. I held this position until about daylight on Tuesday, July 1, when orders were received to march to Kemp's farm, near the James River, where we were halted for a time, and about 10 o'clock were ordered to support some batteries which were actively engaged with the enemy.

I formed line of battle to the left of the Second New York Regiment and in front of the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers. My regiment was well protected by a bluff in front, but pieces of shell fell thick around us and a few musket balls. I had 1 man wounded by a ball in the hand at this time. I held this position until about 3.30 a.m. July 2, when ordered to march to near Harrison's Landing. About this time it commenced to rain very hard. The men got thoroughly wet through, and the roads were in a terrible condition, and much confusion on the route, which was added to by General Sickles with his command cutting through my regiment, thereby cutting off my two left companies and ordering one of my captains under arrest [which by my instructions he did not obey]. On Wednesday, July 3, I moved to this camp.

During the engagement and march the officers and men, with but a few exceptions, behaved well, and fully sustained the reputation they had gained at Williamsburg and Fair Oaks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Colonel Sixth New Jersey Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. K. HALL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Hooker's Division.

No. 57. Report of Colonel Joseph W. Revere,

Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp Lincoln, Va., June 26, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order of June 26, 1862, I have to report that when with my regiment on guard in the redoubt in front of this camp, at 9 a.m. 25th instant, I received orders from General Hooker to hold ourselves in readiness to support the regiments of the Second Brigade of this division, then engaged with the enemy in our front. The regiment was quickly formed and moved up to the edge of the woods, where we lay a short time in line. In obedience to orders we again advanced through the woods, with our left on the Williamsburg road, and passing through this difficult ground for about half a mile,

