
driving before us with our fire the enemy, came to the edge of the woods on the other side. There we dressed on line, somewhat augmented by some 30 of the Second Brigade, who were lost in the woods, and commenced a heavy and well-directed file fire against the enemy in our front, which was hotly returned by them. A rebel regiment, retiring by a flank on the Williamsburg road, also received a well-sustained and severe fire from our left-flank companies, and their colors were seen several times to fall before it.

The Nineteenth Massachusetts Regiment stood steadily as a reserve to our line, and at this time [10.30 p.m.], the enemy appearing in strong numbers in the woods in our front, General Hooker ordered us to retire, which we did in good order, carrying off our dead and wounded and leaving the Nineteenth Massachusetts on the ground, at 11 a.m.

I have to mention especially for your commendation the gallant and skillful conduct of Captain H. C. Bartlett, who acted as field officer, and to whom I am much indebted for his cool and deliberate courage and invaluable assistance in carrying out my commands; also to Captain Frederick Cooper and Acting Adjt. Lieutenant W. J. Evans, who, though quite sick, nobly stood to his duty and encouraged the men.

I particularly desire to mention the noble and philanthropic conduct of Rev. Dr. Julius D. Rose, chaplain Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, who, as previously at the battle of Williamsburg, ranged over the field with the musicians, seeking out and ministering to the wounded under the fire of the enemy, and to Surg. D. W. C. Hough and Asst. Surg. A. Satterthwaite, who, from the proximity of our camp to the field, were laboriously engaged, not only in attending to our own, but also to the wounded of several regiments, though both in feeble health.

The officers and men behaved with great courage and determination, few though they were in numbers-the regiment numbering in the combat only 1 field officer [myself], 3 captains, 1 acting adjutant, 5 lieutenants, and 280 non-commissioned officers and privates.

I regret to have to report the loss of Captain James McKiernan, Company G, missing, who bravely left a sick couch to take his place in our ranks and commanded his company with his accustomed bravery; also Second Lieutenant A. T. Chazotte, Company F, who fell while encouraging his company in the most daring manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. REVERE,

Colonel Seventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain C. M. PREVOST,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Hooker's Division.

No. 58. Report of Captain Henry C. Bartlett,

Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 1.

CAMP SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Near Harrison's Bar, Va., July 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and conduct of the Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers during the late retreat from the rifle pits in front of Richmond to this place:

On the afternoon of Saturday, the 28th day of June, the regiment moved to the front under my command, to relieve [with the other regiments

