
they performed their duties. Sergeant-Major Smith, of Company A, and Orderly-Sergeant Crane, of Company C, who were placed by me in command of companies, also acquitted themselves in the most praiseworthy manner.

When it is considered that the regiment was almost entirely without officers, it certainly speaks well for the men that the regiment should have been brought into camp with so few stragglers.

Very respectfully,

HENRY C. BARTLETT,

Captain Co. C, Seventh N. J. Vols., Commanding Regiment on the Retreat.

Captain C. M. PREVOST, A. A. G., Third Brigade, Hooker's Division.

No. 59. Report of Captain William S. Tipson,

Eighth New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 1.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 10, 1862.

Report of the Eighth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers from their camp at Fair Oaks, Va., June 29, 1862, until their arrival on the banks of the James River:

In accordance with orders from Headquarters Army of the Potomac this regiment took up their line of march with the Third Brigade, under command of Colonel Carr, of Hooker's division, and assisted in the various maneuvers appertaining to the different changes and locations of the division, and the commanding officer of the regiment has the satisfaction of stating that there were no officers or enlisted men killed in any of the skirmishers on the march, nor have any officers or enlisted men of the regiment been taken prisoners or wounded.

WM. S. TIPSON,Captain, Commanding Eighth Regiment N. J. Volunteers.

[ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps.]

No. 60. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Olmsted,

Second New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm], and Malvern Hill.

CAMP AT FAIR OAKS, VA., June 26, 1862.

Report of skirmish of Second Infantry, New York Volunteers, June 25, 1862, made by order of General Hooker, as follows:

The order received direct from General Hooker was that I should take the regiment through the woods on the right of the road and form on the line and right of the Second Excelsior Regiment; after that to throw out skirmishers in advance to the edge of the woods, to connect with the skirmishers of the Second Excelsior and Sumner's pickets, on our right. I was taken to the point of exit into the woods by the assistant adjutant-general of General Hooker and advanced in line of battle through the woods, which task was difficult and troublesome, on account of the thick woods and swamps on our right.

