
Numbers 282.-Captain George O. Dawson, Eighth Georgia Infantry, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 283.-Major William M. Jones, Ninth Georgia Infantry, of operations June 27-July 12.

Numbers 284.-Lieutenant Colonel William Luffman, Eleventh Georgia Infantry, of operations June 26-July 1, including battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 285.-Major General Lafayette McLaws, C. S. Army, commanding division, of engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 286.-Brigadier General Paul J. Semmes, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Crew's Farm, or Malvern Hill.

Numbers 287.-Brigadier General J. B. Kershaw, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 288.-Captain Del. Kemper, Alexandria (Va.) Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 289.-Major F. Gaillard, Second South Carolina Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 290.-Colonel James D. Nance, Third Sourth Carolina Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill, and capture of arms at Shirley, Va., July 4.

Numbers 291.-Colonel D. Wyatt, Aiken, Seventh South Carolina Infantry, of operations July 1, including the engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 292.-Colonel John W. Henagan, Eighth South Carolina Infantry, of operations June 25-July 2, including engagement at Peach Orchard and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 293.-Colonel Stephen D. Lee, Chief of Artillery, Magruder's division, of operations June 25-July 1, including action at Garnett's Farm, engagement at Peach Orchard, and battles of Savage Station and Crew's Farm, or Malvern Hill.

Numbers 294.-Brigadier General Howell Cobb, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, Magruder's division, of the battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 295.-Colonel William Barksdale, Thirteenth Mississippi Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Magruder's division, of the battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 296.-Major Kennon McElroy, Thirteenth Mississippi Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 297.-Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fise, Seventeenth Mississippi Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 298.-Lieutenant Colonel William H. Luse, Eighteenth Mississippi Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 299.-Captain William C. F. Brooks, Twenty-first Mississippi Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 300.-Major General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations June 26-July, including of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 301.-Colonel J. B. Walton, Chief of Artillery, of guns taken, &amp;c.

Numbers 302.-Brigadier General James L. Kemper, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 303.-Colonel John B. Strange, Nineteenth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 304.-Brigadier General Cadmus M. Wilcox, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale.)

