
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the recent movements made from Fair Oaks to Harrison's Landing:

The regiment was out on picket guard at Fair Oaks, having relieved General Sickles' brigade at 3.30 p.m. on Saturday, June 28, 1862. Received two circulars, under date June 28, by a mounted orderly, at 1.30 a.m. June 29, which were obeyed. Took up line of march at 4 a.m., and proceeded down the Williamsburg road in the direction of General Hooker's quarters. The regiment formed line of battle in a field opposite to the general's quarters, acting as reserve. Again took up line of march, formed into line of battle on the right of the road behind the breastworks. Took up line of march at 4 p.m. toward the Quaker Cross-Roads, encamped in an open field, and remained during the dy [Monday] till 2.30 p.m. Received orders to march. Subsequently formed line of battle in the woods in the direction of White Oak Swamp. Received orders from Colonel Carr, commanding the brigade, to report to General Sickles. Obeyed, and was posted on the left of this brigade-a very important position. Were ordered to throw out flankers to the left, consisting of Captain Park's company, Company F, and relieved a company of General Sickles' brigade.

At this point Captain Park captured several rebel officers and privates and the colors of the Seventeenth Regiment of Virginia Volunteers.

At 7 o'clock p.m. received orders to throw out skirmishers to the left and front of the woods, to bring in the wounded of our party, as well as rebels. Several prisoners were brought in. During the night we lost 1 lieutenant and 1 private, supposed to be killed.

Received orders on Tuesday morning, July 1, at 3.30 o'clock, and marched to a piece of ground immediately in front of General McClellan's headquarters. Formed in line of battle; occupied a position in a valley directly in front of the enemy, where the regiment remained during the day and part of the night. This was a critical position. Being in range of eh enemy's guns as well as our own, shells fell in every direction around the regiment. Received orders on Wednesday morning at 2 a.m. to march, which was done, and arrived at Harrison's Landing at 8 a.m. This march was severe on the soldiers, accompanied by a severe rain-storm, which tended to prostrate the whole regiment.

Special notice is made of Captain George W. Wilson and Captain Park, who were acting as field officers, Colonel J. B. Carr commanding the brigade. These officers were brave, and rendered valuable services throughout the entire movements of this and the previous days. Also to Captain Quackenbush and men for the promptness evinced in obeying orders. The members of Company F thrown out as flankers deserve also special notice for holding their ground under such difficult circumstances. Adjt. Le Grand Benedict was uniformly prompt in carrying orders from one end of the line to the other. The attention of the commander of the brigade is called to the members of Company E, they having lost all their equipments. They were hurriedly sent with prisoners to headquarters under command of Lieutenant Harrison, of Company D. The general deportment of the regiment was excellent.

The following is the list of casualties, viz: Lieutenant Charles G, Otis, supposed to be killed; Private Hildebrand, Company C, killed; missing,

