
Early Sunday morning I received orders to hold myself ready to move at a moment's notice from the redan in the line of works near Fair Oaks. About 4 o'clock, with the last regiments of General Birney's brigade, I moved from the line of earthworks and placed four Parrott guns in position in a redoubt on the left of the Williamsburg road, while my howitzers were placed in a smaller redoubt on the extreme left of that line of works. I remained here until I received your order to move at once through the woos and cross White Oak Swamp by way of Brackett's Ford. I reached at about dark a point between Charles City and New Market roads, where I encamped, reporting to you very early in the morning of Monday, 30th June. I was there placed in position in an advanced position on the right of Charles City road, to act in co-operation with General Birney's brigade, where I remained until the approach of the enemy, about noon. Our skirmishers having been withdrawn from the woods I threw four shells into them, and then by order of General Birney moved with his troops to the left and into woods covering ravine a little in rear of our first position. Here I took position pointed out by General Birney, but was soon ordered to report to General Kearny's headquarters. Here I took a temporary position around the house until directed to report with my Parrott guns to General Slocum on the right. Here I relieved Captain Porter's battery, and under direction of Captain Platt, chief of artillery, shelled at a very rapid rate the woods covering the plain occupied by General Birney and myself early in the morning. This fire was continued till late in the evening, with what effect I cannot say. After midnight, with the other batteries of General Slocum's division, I moved silently down the Charles City road and on to Malvern Hill, my Parrott guns closing the rear of the column of artillery-a very questionable disposition of rifled guns where smooth-bore pieces were to be had.

Meanwhile Lieutenant Jastram, whom I had left near General Kearny's headquarters, was ordered to place his section in battery where Captain Thompson's battery had been during the day, on the left of General Kearny's line, and near the position of General McCall. His pieces were put in battery as directed, and opened on the enemy, hardly discernible for the smoke, until the falling back of our forces in front and left convinced him of the policy of retiring. The horses of the swing and wheel team of one piece having been shot rendered the withdrawal of it impossible, and it was spiked and left on the field.* I was joined by Lieutenant Jastram at Malvern Hill.

After a short rest-enough to water my horses and replenish ammunition-boxes-I took position, under direction of Captain Thompson, Second Artillery, U. S. Army, on the left of the house occupied by General Kearny as headquarters on the 1st of July. Here I almost immediately engaged a battery of the enemy that appeared in the oat field opposite and 1,000 or 1,200 yards distant, receiving in return a hot fire of shell and shrapnel, which however was more destructive in front and rear than to us; for, until afternoon, I suffered no loss. I kept up a fire at intervals whenever i saw in the opposite field any enemy to oppose until toward night, when General Couch engaged the enemy to our left. I was specially ordered to silence a battery of the enemy that was covering their attacking columns and making havoc in our lines. I opened a sharp fire, immediately drawing the fire of the rebel battery from General Couch to myself, and succeeded after a short time in silencing it altogether. Soon after my attention was called to a column of re-enforcements going to the support of the enemy.

