
of their pieces. My testimony will be that they were abandoned in rear of a steady line of my infantry, where myself and Colonel Hays were present. The good of the service demands investigation.

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Captain Randolph's skill and gallantry at Malvern were extremely conspicuous.

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

No. 63. Report of Lieutenant Pardon S. Jastram,

Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm], with findings of Court of Inquiry.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., July 7, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your instructions, on Monday, the 30th ultimo, I remained with the howitzers in position in front of General Kearny's headquarters and awaited his orders. About half an hour after one of the general's aides* rode in at full speed from the field in front, with orders to bring in the howitzers as soon as possible and save the day. The necessary orders were given, and I started off at a quick trot, the aide continually urging me to "hurry up." Passing through to the main road, and turning one side to allow the passage of Captain Thompson and his battery, I entered the field on the right. On inquiring of the aide what position I was to occupy or where I should go, I could obtain no definite information. The order was to "Fire toward the sun." The dense smoke, covering every part of the field in front, prevented me from judging for myself where my presence was most needed. Accordingly I moved to the front and right, gave the orders, "Action front, and spherical case, two seconds' time." But three cannoneers succeeded in accompanying each piece, and the corporal of the sixth piece was acting as Nos.5,6,and 7. The lead driver also acted as No. 1, and was obliged to leave his horses as soon as the piece was unlimbered. By some mistake,too, the piece had been loaded with canister, which had to be fired into the air, since I knew not the position of our own men in our immediate front. The other charges of spherical case were thrown beyond into the woods.

At this moment our men began to fall back on our left and front and came between the pieces, so that I could not work them. I then gave the order to limber to the rear, and at the same time some field officer ordered me to get my pieces out as quickly as possible. I saw the fifth piece leave the field safely, but the near wheel horse of the sixth piece had been hit when we first unlimbered, had fallen over the pole, and so entangled the harness that we could not draw the piece out. Accordingly I gave orders to spike the piece, which was faithfully executed by young Harvey, of the sixth detachment, and at the same time Albert Hopkins, the lead driver, unfastened the lead horses from the swing team, one horse of which had also been hit, and brought

---------------

*It was an orderly-A. Malpus, New Jersey Fourth.-[P. K.]

---------------

