
Numbers 305.-Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor, C. S. Army, commanding Fifth Brigade, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 306.-Brigadier General Winfield S. Featherston, C. S. Army, commanding Sixth Brigade, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, of Glendale.)

Numbers 307.-Major General Benjamin Huger, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations June 25-July 1, including the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, action at Brackett's, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 308.-Brigadier General Robert Ransom, jr., C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, Department of North Carolina, temporarily attached to Huger's division, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 309.-Captain Joseph Graham, Company C, Tenth North Carolina Troops, commanding Brem's Battery, of engagement at Malvern Cliff.

Numbers 310.-Brigadier General William Mahone, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 1-July 1, including the engagement at Oak Grove, skirmish at Jordon's Ford, action at Brackett's, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 311.-Captain Carey F. Grimes, commanding battery, of the engagement at French's Field, or King's School-House (Oak Grove),a and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 312.-Colonel William Smith, Forty-ninth Virginia Infantry, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove.

Numbers 313.-Brigadier General Ambrose R. Wright, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 25-July 1, including the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 314.-Captain Frank Huger, Company D, Virginia Light Artillery, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove.

Numbers 315.-Brigadier General Lewis A. Armistead, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations June 25-July 1, including the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 316.-Lieutenant Colonel James S. Gilliam, Ninth Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 317.-Colonel James Gregory Hodges, Fourteenth Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 318.-Colonel E. C. Edmonds, Thirty-eighth Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 319.-Major Joseph R. Cabell, Thirty-eighth Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 320.-Colonel H. B. Tomlin, Fifty-third Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvery Hill.

Numbers 321.-Major George M. Waddill, Fifty-third Virginia Infantry, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove.

Numbers 322.-Captain R. W. Martin, Fifty-third Virginia Infantry, of skirmish at Fair Oaks.

Numbers 323.-Captain John Grammer, jr., Fifty-third Virginia Infantry, of non-commissioned officers and privates who distinguished themselves in the battles around Richmond, May 31-July 1.

Numbers 324.-Lieutenant Colonel Waddy T. James, Fifty-seventh Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 325.-Captain William E. Alley, Fifth Virginia Battalion, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 326.-Major General Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Light Division, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

2 R R-VOL XI, PT II

