
1st. In failing to mount his cannoneers before starting his sections.

2nd. In unnecessarily abandoning his position.

3rd. In not making proper efforts to withdraw the piece that was lost.

4th. In not making, or causing to be made, inquiries and efforts for its recovery during the night.

It appears, however, that in moving to the front and in opening fire on the enemy he acted with promptness and spirit; that objects had then become very indistinct to the eye; that confusion prevailed around; that no one gave him sufficient information or any instructions for his guidance, and that his abandonment of the position was an error of judgment.

The major-general commanding disapproves the conduct of Lieutenant Jastram, but upon full consideration of the testimony and the finding of the court is of the opinion that the interests of the service do not require any proceedings against him beyond the censure herein expressed.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

- -,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 64. Reports of Captain James Thompson,

Battery G, Second U. S. Artillery, of the engagement at Peach Orchard, and battle of Glendale or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm].

CAMP OF COMPANY G, SECOND ARTILLERY, Near Harrison's Landing, July 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery from the 28th ultimo until the time of occupying the present position:

In the night of the 28th ultimo I received orders to move my battery from the redoubt on the left of Williamsburg road, and near Fair Oaks, as follows: One section to move before daybreak, and occupy the redoubt near Williamsburg road, in front of Savage Station; one section to occupy position near a house about 300 yards in front of section as above; the other section to remain in the redoubt and move with the rear guard of Berry's brigade. The battery operated as ordered, and was concentrated early in the day in the intrenchments in front of Savage Station. The battery remained behind these works, supported by the Twentieth Indiana Regiment, Colonel Brown, until about 5 o'clock p.m., long after the right was open back as far as Savage Station. Troops appearing in front were twice driven back with spherical caseshot.

I have good reason to believe that the infantry support [Colonel Brown] did not have loaded muskets.* Orders were given by General Kearny to retire, and by mistake the battery was near Savage Station when it was discovered that the wrong road had been taken. The fight commenced there at that time, and we retired by White Oak Swamp Bridge.

On the morning of the 30th I moved my battery from the vicinity of the bridge up to General Kearny's headquarters and reported. The caissons of my battery came by another road, and having been sent

---------------

*See indorsement, p.172.

---------------

