
[Indorsements.]

*This statement as to Twentieth Indiana is not correct.

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

+No excuse for this. I remained on the field as long as the enemy continued to advance-at least half an hour after retiring of battery. It was never reported to me, nor General Robinson, nor Colonel Hays.

P. KEARNY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP OF COMPANY G, SECOND U. S. ARTILLERY, Near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my battery [G, Second U. S. Artillery] on Monday, the 30th June:

In compliance with instructions from the general commanding the division the battery was posted on the right of the New Market road, supported by Berry's and Robinson's brigades, in order to be in position to open fire on the enemy advancing either upon the New Market road or upon the Central road. I deployed my battery facing the open field on the right of New Market road, the left piece near and a little in rear of the right piece of Randol's battery, First U. S. Artillery, McCall's division, the right retired in echelon.

About 400 yards in front was a dense wood, which approached within 100 yards on our right behind a small house. About 4 o'clock the enemy came upon us in line from this wood. I opened fire upon them with spherical case-shot, but they advanced to the debris of two fences I had caused to be thrown down in the earlier part of the day and about 100 yards in front. Canister was now used, and our supports opened fire on them with musketry, and they were stopped. The wood on the right was densely crowded with them in large force, and three successive charges to captured the battery were repulsed by the prompt and gallant supports deployed between the guns and by the murderous double canister from our guns, loaded without sponging.

The battery was enabled to hold this position until about 8 p.m.,*

after the capture of the battery on our left, and until our supply of canister was exhausted, some guns having fired double spherical case-shot, cut to explode on leaving the gun.

By great exertion we were enabled to bring all our guns from the field except one. When leaving with this a trace broke, and in replacing it [although there was one under the limber] the horses were shot, and we were compelled to spike the gun and leave it. Efforts were made during the night to bring it away, but without success.+ The battery was saved, first, by its double canister, served without sponging, and the admirable support rendered by Generals Berry and Robinson; secondly, by its retired echelon position.

Our loss was small-1 man killed, 13 wounded, and 2 missing. As the infantry deployed through the battery they mingled with the cannoneers, and in some instances served the guns with great zeal and efficiency.

After Randol's battery was taken one of his lieutenants worked one of my guns for some time with 3 men only.

The conduct of the officers and men of the battery was excellent.

---------------

*See indorsements, p.173.

---------------

