
enemy was now steadily driven back and beyond three of his picket camps, the whole distance contested being through thick woods, with tangled underbrush, until our left rested upon an orchard, near which were three small buildings which he had been occupying and from which he was driven.

Finding that I was getting ahead of Hooker's skirmishers, I here rested my command. Immediately in front of our left was an open field, from which the enemy opened on us with artillery, throwing shell and canister, but doing us no injury. On examination, I discovered in this field a two story frame house, which afforded shelter to the enemy's sharpshooters. It was there I sent word to you that I could use artillery with advantage. Soon after I received a section [two 10-pounder Parrott guns] of Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery, under command of First Lieutenant A. Judson Clark. One piece, being placed in position in the orchard, sent four percussion shells through the house, rendering it untenable, and silenced a section of the battery that had been playing upon us. I then directed Lieutenant Clark to withdraw his guns.

About 6 o'clock p.m. the enemy made a desperate attack on my left flank [composed of the Eighty-seventh New York] with a heavy body of infantry. I immediately ordered a part of the Twentieth Indian to support into his advancing columns and a charge made which sent him flying in disorder across the field.

At this time, when the victory was won, some man in the Eighty-seventh New York called out that the enemy was bringing a battery to bear on the left, when the whole regiment immediately broke and fled to the rear; and although the most strenuous exertions were made by myself and staff and Lieutenant-Colonel Bachia, commanding, the regiment could not be rallied, and did not again appear on the field. The Twentieth Indiana, then being hard pressed by re-enforcements of the enemy, was forced to give way, and fled to the rear. I succeeded after a little time in rallying this regiment, and forming on its colors it again advanced to the attack.

At this time you had arrived with a portion of Birney's brigade, which followed in support. The woods being very difficult to advance through, I, together with one of my aides, Lieutenant Robinson, got in advance of the leading regiment, and soon found ourselves face to face with a battalion of the enemy, who opened a volley upon us, disabling our horses. The enemy again was driven from the field, and we occupied the ground we had just lost. The supports furnished from Birney's brigade were now withdrawn, and the Eighty-seventh New York was replaced by a fourth regiment of my brigade [the One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania]. The enemy made an attack upon us during the night, but was easily repulsed.

Having but recently taken command of this brigade, it is impossible for me to name all who deserve to be mentioned. Colonel Brown, Twentieth Indiana; Colonel Hays, Sixty-third Pennsylvania, and Colonel McKnight, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, handled their regiments gallantly and with ability. Lieutenant-Colonel Bachia, Eighty-seventh New York, is entitled to my thanks for the gallant manner in which he seconded my efforts to rally his regiment. First Lieutenant Clark, of the First New Jersey Artillery, performed very important service in a manner which entitles him to great credit as an artillerist and gallant soldier.

The officers of my staff, Captain Potter, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Morgan and Lieutenant Robinson, aides-de-camp, are entitled

