
Hays, Sixty-third Pennsylvania, for their active exertions and assistance during the engagement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General PHILIP KEARNY,

Commanding Third Division, Third Corps, Army of the Potomac.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., THIRD CORPS, July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in the action of the 1st instant my brigade was formed in column by battalion as support to Birney's brigade and Thompson's and Randolphs' batteries. In this position it was for several hours exposed to shot and shell from the enemy's batteries, by which we lost several officers and enlisted men. After the enemy advanced to attack our line I detached and led to the support of Couch's division the Fifty-seventh and Sixty-third Pennsylvania and the Eighty-seventh New York. These regiments were afterward employe in supporting a battery attached to that division and De Russy's battery, and rendered efficient service.

During the day the loss of the brigade was: Sixty-third Pennsylvania, 4 enlisted men wounded; Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania, 1 officer and 1 enlisted man killed and 8 enlisted men wounded; One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, 6 enlisted men wounded; Eighty-seventh New York, 1 enlisted man killed, 2 enlisted men wounded, Total, 1 officer and 2 enlisted men killed; 20 enlisted men wounded. Aggregate, 23.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. C. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General PHILIP KEARNY,

Commanding Third Division, Third Corps, Army of the Potomac.

No. 66. Report of Colonel William L. Brown,

Twentieth Indiana Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson' Farm [Frazier's Farm].

ON THE BATTLE-FIELD BELOW RICHMOND, June 30, 1862.

GENERAL: In the action this afternoon the left wing of my regiment was engaged from 5 to the close of the battle, about 9 o'clock, suffering a loss of 1 captain and 1 lieutenant killed, 28 enlisted men wounded, and 22 missing; in all a loss of 52. During the few hours in which we were in position before the commencement of the engagement the command constructed a breastwork-precious hours well employed, saving many valuable lives. Behind this work but 1, the lamented Lieutenant Andrew, fell, pierced in the head by a ball, and 1 man wounded, high all our loss occurred from the pickets in retiring becoming engaged with the masses of the rebels on their left. Here Captain Alfred Reed, Company K, fell, with his son, quartermaster sergeant, fighting with more than heroic bravery. In the death of Lieutenant Andrew and

