
Captain Reed we mourn the loss of two most excellent and valuable officers.

The regiment behaved with the greatest coolness, the wing engaged jesting, cracking jokes, loading and firing deliberately as if at a target. The enemy's force assailing, vastly our superiors in numbers, suffered terribly from our rifles. Time and again their officers were seen and heard rallying and endeavoring to bring them to a charge, but of no avail. When the contest ceased the moans of their wounded, the large number of searchers with torches, continued through the night, tell unmistakably a fearful loss to the rebels; and, saving our line to my left being flanked, the number of wounded and missing will probably be reduced by returns to our ranks of some who were on picket, and who, being suddenly assailed, were unable at the time to rejoin us.

I have the honor to remain, most truly, yours,

W. L. BROWN,

Colonel Twentieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

General JOHN C. ROBINSON,

Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div.

No. 67. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Elhanon W. Woods,

Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm].

JULY 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm].

JULY 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Fifty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, 174 rank and file and 14 commissioned officers, attached to Robinson's brigade, General Kearny's division, on the 30th of June, 1862, was marched with the brigade into a field to the left of and in advance of the battery. Sent out skirmishers, who reported the enemy coming in force. Were ordered to fall back to the rear of field and posted behind a fence and a little to the rear of battery. Enemy opened upon us about 3 p.m. with shell and shortly after with musketry, to which we replied, and remained at our post under fire for nearly five hours, the men firing from 80 to 130 rounds of cartridges per man.

All of which I most respectfully submit.

E. W. WOODS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain W. E. STURGES.

No. 68. Report of Colonel Alexander Hays,

Sixty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm].

CAMP OF THE SIXTY-THIRD Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., In Bivouac, July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers during the battle of the 30th of June, near Richmond, Va.

Early in the day the regiment, of 300, men was detailed to protect the battery commanded by Captain Thompson, Second U. S. Artillery

12 R R-VOL XI, PT II

