
No. 69. Report of Captain Calvin A. Craig,

One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm].
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTH Regiment PA. VOLS., July 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the part taken by the One hundred and fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the action of June 30, 1862. The regiment was led into action about 3 o'clock p.m. by Lieutenant-Colonel Corbet, who commanded for a short time, but being very unwell withdrew from the field, after which I took command. The regiment was posted on the left of the Twentieth Indiana, in edge of woods fronting open field. The regiment numbered 190 men when it went into action; was under a heavy fire about four hours when relieved. Company commanders report that the conduct of their respective commands was praiseworthy. Not a man straggled or skulked in the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. A. CRAIG,

Captain, Commanding One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Vols.

Colonel BROWN,

Commanding First Brigade, Kearny's Division.

No. 70. Reports of Brigadier General David B. Birney,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, skirmish at Jordon's Ford, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm], and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, Camp near Seven Pines, June 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, I marched my brigade on the morning of the 25th instant to the line of fortifications in front of the division, arriving there by 8 o'clock a.m. Formed in close column by division, I held my brigade in readiness. During the morning, under orders from General Heintzelman, I moved up the Williamsburg road, and reported in edge of woods to General Hooker. Under his orders I returned to my former position.

About-o'clock p.m. I received orders from General Kearny to move forward and relieve General Grover. I march with the Fortieth New York, Fourth Maine, and seven companies of the One hundred and first New York, leaving orders for the Third Maine [to relieve which from picket General Kearny had sent the Thirty-eighth New York] to follow me. I left a staff officer to conduct them.

Reaching Hooker's redoubt, in front of Twin Houses, I was ordered to proceed to the woods to the left and drive the enemy back. I deployed the Fortieth New York and Fourth Maine in the woods, and moved across the woods toward the field to left of the open space, through which we passed. Finding that the enemy were not in the woods between the fields, I changed front and ordered an advance toward the enemy's fortifications, and sent to hurry forward the One hundred and first New York and Third Maine. We received several

