
Numbers 327-Brigadier General Charles W. Field, C. S. Army, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 328.-Colonel J. M. Brockenbrough, Fortieth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale.

No. 329.-Colonel Robert M. Mayo, Forty-seventh Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 330.-Colonel Francis Mallory, Fifty-fifth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 331.-Colonel William E. Starke, Sixtieth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 332.-Brigadier General Maxcy Gregg, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 333.-Captain D. G. McIntosh, Pee Dee (S. C.) Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 334.-Colonel D. H. Hamilton, First South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm, and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 335.-Colonel Dixon Barnes, Twelfth South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 336.-Colonel O. E. Edwards, Thirteenth South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Beaver Dam Creek, or Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Crew's Farm, or Malvern Hill.

Numbers 337.-Colonel Samuel McGowan, Fourteenth South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale.)

Numbers 338.-Colonel J. Foster Marshall, First South Carolina Rifles, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 339.-Brigadier General Joseph R. Anderson, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 340.-Brigadier General L. O'B. Branch, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 341.-Captain Marmaduke Johnson, Virginia Battery, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 342.-Colonel Edward Graham Haywood, Seventh North Carolina Infantry, of skirmishes near Meadow Bridge and Atlee's Station, and battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, of Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 343.-Colonel Robert H. Cowan, Eighteenth North Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 344.-Colonel James H. Lane, Twenty-eighth North Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 345.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert F. Hoke, Thirty-third North Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 346.-Lieutenant Colonel William M. Barbour, Thirty-seventh North Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 347.-Brigadier General J. J. Archer, C. S. Army, commanding Fifth Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.

