
No. 72. Reports of Brigadier General Hiram G. Berry,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm [Frazier's Farm], and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, June 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: At 7 a.m., morning of 25th instant, in compliance with orders from your headquarters, I moved forward to support and advance my picket line, the Second and Third Michigan Volunteers, the Thirty-seventh New York, and ten companies of the First New York being then on outpost duty. I immediately relieved the Thirty-seventh New York and the ten companies of the First New York with the Second Michigan, Major Dillman commanding.

I placed the Thirty-seventh, after it was relieved, at the dangerous road [direct road to Charles City road], and the ten companies of the First New York in advance, some 1,000 yards on said road. I placed the Third Michigan between the dangerous road and the pine tree, some 1,000 yards in advance of the road, and had skirmishers here out along my front 100 yards. I advanced the line, keeping the connection on the right. The enemy's pickets were driven in by my right at the same time that they were met by the forces of General Robinson, the enemy supporting on the left of General Robinson in force.

At this time you called on me for a regiment to support on the left of the First Brigade. I sent the Thirty-seventh New York, and immediately ordered over the Fifth Michigan to take its place. On its arrival I changed and placed the Fifth in position on my right, and placed the Thirty-seventh New York down the dangerous road 500 yards, in line with the Third Michigan, but some hundred yards from it. At 3 p.m. the firing was heavy for a time. The two pieces of artillery of Beam's battery were now at work. The enemy seemed to be arranging for something. I judged it to be to make a dash for the road in rear of the field pieces. I placed the right wing of the First New York Regiment on my extreme right, with orders to advance and hold the road at all hazards. This regiment, together with the Fifth Michigan, contributed much to sustain our lines when the Eighty-seventh New York broke.

It now became dark, and in accordance with orders from the general of division I kept the regiments of my brigade on outpost duty; also ten companies of the First New York. We held all the ground gained during the day, having advanced our right about one-half mile.

I will send you a detailed report, together with a list of casualties of the day, as soon as my regimental reports are in.

Very respectfully,H. G. BERRY,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

Captain STURGES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-I had out during the day the Second, Third, and Fifth Michigan, the Thirty-seventh and First New York. I had to guard a line of 2 1/13 miles long, and as my left is the dangerous point, my attention was particularly directed to that point. All my men behaved handsomely.

