
No. 74. Report of Captain William Humphrey,

Second Michigan Infantry, of the battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

CAMP OF SECOND REGIMENT MICHIGAN INFANTRY, On James River, Va., July 5, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of order from brigade headquarters the Second Regiment Michigan Infantry, under command of Major Dillman, took up its line of march from Camp Lincoln early in the morning of June 29, marching to the rear of the camp down the Saw-mill road until we reached an open field that had been occupied by General Couch's division as a camping ground. Here the regiment was halted. Two companies, E and H, were thrown forward to a light breastwork at the edge of the woods and covering the road down which we had marched from our camp. Three companies, C, K, and F, were sent back to the saw-mills to act as vedettes on the road leading from our old camp to the position we then occupied; also to throw out scouts to watch the movements of the enemy. The remaining five companies were held in reserve.

About 2 p.m. the companies, C, F, and K, at the saw-mills were ordered to draw in their vedettes and scouts and join their regiment, which in turn was ordered to join the brigade, then stationed behind the earthworks to the rear of us. As soon as these orders were executed the regiment moved on the road toward Jordon's Ford. But before reaching the forks of the road, where Kearny's and Hooker's divisions were to separate, the artillery broke the column, dividing the regiment, four companies, A, B, D, and G taking the road to the right toward the ford, which they crossed about 4 p.m., and were soon engaged in a warm skirmish with the enemy's pickets, who were found pretty strongly posted to dispute the passage of another ford [name not know] beyond Jordon's. It was soon deemed impracticable to attempt to force a passage, and the troops were ordered to recross Jordon's Ford. The four companies, A, B, G, D, of the Second were ordered to hold the enemy in check until the recrossing of the ford was accomplished by the rest of the troops, when they were to fall back and bring up the rear of the division, which command was fully executed.

The six remaining companies took the road to the left, followed it as far as the saw-mill in front of Crittenden's Ford, when finding they were on the wrong road they retraced their steps, took the road toward Jordon's Ford, and reached it just as the troops were recrossing. They at once joined the column, and marched with it across and some 2 miles beyond Brackett's Ford, where they camped for the night.

June 30.-This morning the companies of the regiment reunited and the regiment joined the brigade, and all marched to a position some distance to the front of where we camped for the night. Soon after we changed our position to the left and rear onto the expected battle-field, and at once formed into column of division to the right of the open field. Soon after we were ordered to a position farther to the right. From here we marched to the front, and were placed in position to support the Twentieth Indiana Regiment, which was holding a slightly-constructed rifle pit formed by hurriedly throwing up loose rails. We joined the Twentieth Indiana in the pit about 3 p.m., and with them held it under a galling fire on our front and left flank until the battle ended.

As soon as the firing ceased and the enemy had drawn off from the

