
field we received orders to throw out pickets in front of the rifle pits to observe the movements of the enemy. The line was at once formed, and a sharp lookout kept by all, for the enemy was observed to be on the alert, and about midnight quite a force was seen filing along their lines toward our right. From the number of colors seen this force consisted of at least twelve regiments. From their cries for their comrades we ascertained that the wounded from twenty-four of the enemy's regiments lay on the field within talking distance of our position.

July 1.-At 2 a.m. we were ordered to call in our pickets and march at once. We were soon on the road, and about 5 a.m. reached Haxall's Landing, on James River. After a short rest we were marched up to the right and front of the line then being formed to meet a threatened attack from the enemy. On reaching the ground we, with the rest of the brigade, were placed in position to support the batteries that were now playing on the enemy's advancing column or replying to a fierce fire from their batteries. We reached this position about 9 a.m., and remained here until 12 m. During this position about 9 a.m., and remained here until 12 m. During the whole of this time the shot and shell from the enemy's guns were incessantly flying over and through our ranks. At this time we were drawn back under shelter of the hill, where we remained until again ordered to march.

July 2.-A little past midnight were marching, and taking the road down the river we reached the present camp of the army about 9 a.m.

July 3.-Changed our position to the camp we now occupy. I omitted to mention in the proper connection that Major Dillman was carried to the rear at 12 m. July 1. He was obliged to go from the fatigue and exposure of the last few days' excessive labor. By order of Brigadier-General Berry I at once assumed command of the regiment.

I cannot close this report of the part the Second Regiment took in the execution of this grand and successful, but to many of us during its progress discouraging, movement of the army. The endurance of the men had been severely taxed by the almost incessant duties performed by them as pickets and scouts since the battle of Fair Oaks. Yet they submitted to the hardships and privations incident to such a march without a murmur, and bore themselves manfully before the enemy. It would give me pleasure to speak of each officer and man present during this march, but I cannot.

I remain, very respectfully,

WM. HUMPHREY,

Captain, Commanding Second Regiment Michigan Volunteers.

Captain G. W. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 75. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ambrose A. Stevens,

Third Michigan Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT MICHIGAN VOLUNTEERS, Camp. Lincoln, Va., June 27, 1862.

In compliance with the instructions contained in your circular of this date I have the honor to report briefly the part taken by the Third Michigan Volunteers in the affair of the 25th instant. At 7.30 a.m. orders were received from your headquarters to move the regiment from

