
Numbers 348.-Brigadier General William D. Pender, C. S. Army, commanding Sixth Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

Numbers 349.-Captain William G. Grenshaw, Virginia Battery, of operations June 25-July 1, including the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 350.-Captain L. Masters, commanding battery, of operations June 26-July 1, including the battle of Mechanicsville.

Numbers 351.-Acting Adjutant Thomas Smith, Twenty-second Virginia Battalion, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, of Glendale).

Numbers 352.-Major General Theophilus H. Holmer, C. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina of operations June 30-July 2, including the engagement at Malvern Cliff (Turkey Bridge).

Numbers 353.-Lieutenant Colonel James R. Branch, commenting on the report of General Holmes in regard to Branch's Battery.

Numbers 354.-Colonel James Deshler, Chief of Artillery, of the engagement at Malvern Cliff (Turkey Bridge).

Numbers 355.-Colonel Junius Daniel, Forty-fifth North Carolina Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the engagement at Malvern Cliff (Turkey Bridge).

No. 356.- Colonel Van. H. Manning, Third Arkansas Infantry, of operations June 26-July 2, including the engagement at Malvern Cliff (Turkey Bridge).

Numbers 357.-Brigadier General Henry S. Wise, C. S. Army, commanding brigade (acting with Holmes' command, Department of North Carolina), of operations June 30-July 1.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General George B. McClellan,

U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.*
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp at Berkeley, Va., July 15, 1862.

GENERAL: Without waiting to receive the reports of all the subordinate commanders, I submit the following very brief narrative of the operations of this army since the 25th ultimo:

On the 24th of June I received information that appeared entitled to some credit, that General Jackson was at Frederick's Hall with his entire force, consisting of his own division, with those of Ewell and Whiting, and that his intention was to attack our right flank and rear, in order to cut off our communications with the White House and throw the right wing of the army into the Chickahominy. Fortunately I had a few days before provided against this contingency, by ordering a number of transports to the James River, loaded with commissary, quartermaster, and ordnance supplies. I therefore felt free to watch the enemy closely, wait events, and act according to circumstances, feeling sure that if cut off from the Pamunkey I could gain the James River for a new base. I placed General Stoneman in command of the cavalry on the right, intrusting to his charge the picket duty toward Hanover Court-House, to give the earliest possible information of an advance of the enemy from that direction.

On the 25th General Heintzelman was directed to drive in the enemy's pickets from the woods in his front, in order to give us command of the cleared fields still farther in advance. This was gallantly and handsomely done under a stubborn resistance, the brunt of the fighting

---------------

*See also general report, Part I, pp.49-71.

---------------

