
its camp to a position outside the rifle pits and on the right of the Fifth Michigan. This order had scarcely been complied with when we were again ordered to move forward about 100 rods, where we halted in line of battle between the forks of two roads, being then in a convenient position to throw forward a force on either road as a support to the troops already sent forward, for the purpose of advancing the picket lines on our front.

We remained but a short time at this place, when we were ordered forward by yourself about half a mile distant to the picket line of the Third Maine Volunteers, who were now by your orders about to advance their pickets to the front, the Third Michigan Regiment following closely as a support to the reserves of the pickets of the Third Maine for the distance of nearly one mile, when we were halted by your order and formed as a reserve line, connecting on our right with the Fifth Michigan and the Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers on our left. We remained in this position during the engagement upon our right and until evening, when the regiment was placed as pickets for the night.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. A. STEVENS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Michigan Volunteers, Commanding

Captain G. W. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Berry's Brigade.

No. 76. Report of Major John D. Fairbanks,

Fifth Michigan Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Camp near White Oak Swamp, Va., June 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with an order received this morning I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment on the 25th instant:

The regiment was under arms in light marching order at daybreak. At 8 o'clock I was ordered to march outside of the breastworks and form line of battle in front of the works, my right resting on the left of the road. About 10 o'clock I was ordered to march into the woods in front, and went forward at double-quick till I found General Berry. By his direction the regiment formed a line of battle by the road-side, where we remained until we were sent forward to support the Eighty-seventh New York Regiment.

Soon after getting into position to support the Eighty-seventh we were moved to the left, guided by yourself, and by you placed as a reserve in rear of the Third Maine Regiment, then on picket duty. About 5 p.m. that regiment was relieved by the Thirty-eighth New York, Colonel Ward. Soon after Colonel Ward had stationed his men we heard rapid firing and loud cheering in front, and large numbers of men belonging to the Sixteenth Massachusetts came rushing past us in disorder and reported that the enemy were upon us in great force. We tried to rally the runaways and turn them back, with little success.

Finding I could do nothing with them, I gave the order, "Forward," and marched to the front as rapidly as possible, considering the nature

