
of the ground. Colonel Dyckman came up with the right wing of the First New York and formed on our right. We soon met the enemy, and by a few well-directed discharges from the First and Thirty-eighth New York and this regiment drove him from our front, and at sundown found ourselves at the edge of an open field, with no enemy in sight. I am happy to be able to state that, notwithstanding we were exposed to the fire of a rebel battery, which threw shell and canister among us for more than an hour, and to a severe fire of musketry at short range for about half an hour, we only had 3 men slightly wounded.

I have to thank the few officers present for the manner in which they executed my orders and for their advice, especially Captains Farrar, Gilluly, Mathews, and Pulford. All, both officers and men, behaved well. I am also indebted to yourself and Lieutenant Freeman and General Berry's staff.

Corporals Lerich and Cook, and Privates Bickford, Green, and Kinney, who volunteered, went to the front and brought back reliable information of the position of the enemy. Corporal Lerich was captured by the enemy, but managed to escape and rejoin the regiment about 9 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. FAIRBANKS,

Major, Commanding Fifth Regiment Michigan Infantry.

Captain G. W. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 77. Report of Colonel Garrett Dyckman,

First New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT N. Y. VOLUNTEERS, Camp near White Oak Swamp, Va., June 27, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg leave to report that, as directed by you, at 6.30 p.m. on the 25th instant, I detached four companies from the First Regiment New York Volunteers, consisting of Companies A, Lieutenants Campbell and Nixon; C, Lieutenant Shaw; E, Captain Yeamans and Lieutenant Duncan; and F, Captain John H. Coster and Lieutenant Allen, to proceed to the support of our troops to the right of where our regiment was lying, who appeared to be hard pressed by the enemy.

On moving obliquely forward in line of battle to the right through the swamp I found that the enemy with a strong force had attacked the front and forced it on the reserve, the Fifth Michigan, with such rapidity that they were prevented from advancing. I immediately formed across the road by the assistant adjutant-general for a few minutes], and as soon as our scattered troops had passed to the rear opened fire on the enemy, distant less than 50 yards. The Fifth Michigan, of about 150 or 200 men, then formed on my left. We then advanced to the opening in front, not deeming it advisable to move too far with so small a force. I halted, and received orders from you to hold the position I was in. I am happy to say that the timely arrival of the small force you sent forward I am told was the means of saving the battery on our right.

