
vidual cases of merit are embraced in the separate reports. It is felt that they will be rewarded.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROB'T M. WEST,

Major, Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Artillery, Fourth Corps.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 80. Report of Captain Theodore Miller,

Battery E, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the defense of Bottom's Bridge, June 25-29.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., July 11, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your communication of this date, directing me to forward a report of my operations while guarding the Chickahominy, I have the honor to transmit the following:

On the evening of the 25th of June I received orders from the chief of artillery of the Fourth Army Corps to proceed immediately to Bottom's Bridge at about 10 p.m. I reported at once in person to General Naglee, who directed me to place three pieces of my battery guarding Bottom's Bridge and one on the railroad guarding the railroad bridge. On the morning of the 27th working parties were sent to throw up a breastwork close on the western bank of the Chickahominy at Bottom's Bridge, which was completed at about 5 o'clock p.m., and the three pieces of my battery were placed in position.

In the course of the afternoon Light Company G, Fourth Artillery, and Brady's battery [H], of the First Pennsylvania Artillery, had arrived, and one gun of the former [light 12-pounder] and two guns of the latter [10-pounder Parrotts] battery were added to my three at Bottom's Bridge, making in all six guns [four light 12-pounders and two 10-pounder Parrotts], while the remaining two of Brady's battery, joining Lieutenant Wildey at the railroad bridge, and Light Company G, commanded by Lieutenant Morgan, Fourth Artillery, U. S. Army, took position about 700 yards to the rear and left of my battery on elevated ground.

On the morning of the 28th, about 10 o'clock, small parties of the enemy's cavalry appeared at a distance of about three-quarters of a mile, and at about 2 o'clock p.m. our pickets reported a column of the enemy's infantry, a squadron of cavalry, and two pieces of artillery in sight, and taking position about 2,000 yards in front to the left of Bottom's Bridge, close to the banks of the railroad. This report proved to be correct, for at about 2,30 o'clock their artillery could be seen, and a report reached me from the railroad bridge that the enemy was throwing up breastworks. I then prepared for action. The guns were carefully aimed, and I directed the Parrotts to load with shell and the 12-pounders solid shot, should the order "To load" be given; for my instructions were not to fire except fired on.

At about 4 o'clock the enemy opened fire, the shell striking about 20

