
yards in rear of my right piece, and was immediately followed by another, which struck some 50 yards to the right of the first, neither of which exploded. I replied at once with my 10-pounder Parrott. The shell exploded immediately over the enemy's artillery. A light 12-pounder fired next and with good effect. The others all followed in succession and did well. [I would here remark that the light 12-pounder gun carried solid shot 1,800 yards with ease and accuracy; none fell short.] The enemy in the mean time had fired four more shell, two exploding, but doing no damage whatever, and all with too high an elevation. The pieces at the railroad bridge also opened fire on the enemy and I think did good execution. After firing six more rounds, the enemy making no reply, I ceased firing, and shortly after our pickets reported the enemy retiring. During the remainder of the day and the following night everything remained quiet.

On the afternoon of the 29th, about 5 o'clock, I received orders from General Naglee to "withdraw one of my pieces and send it to the rear on the road to White Oak Swamp; another piece to follow in about half an hour, and so on till further orders." This was done, and at 7.30 o'clock p.m. the last piece left the breastwork at Bottom's Bridge; Company G, Fourth Artillery, and the three pieces at the railroad bridge, under Captain Brady, having left some time before this. On the morning of the 30th of June about 10 o'clock I reported in person to the chief of artillery of the Fourth Army Corps at camp near City Point Landing, Va.

The behavior of the men was splendid; nor can I speak too highly of Lieutenants Wildey and Fagan. The former guarded for thirty-six hours with one piece the railroad bridge before he was joined by two pieces of Battery H, and Lieutenant Fagan with the other section of that battery was the whole time under my immediate observation, and displayed his usual cool and brave qualities. Lieutenant Benson joined on the afternoon of the 29th and assisted ably, having charge of the last piece of my battery, separate from the command, till it arrived at camp near City Point Landing, Va.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. MILLER,

Captain, First Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF ARTILLERY, FOURTH CORPS, July 12, 1862.

Captain Miller's mention of Lieutenants Wildey, Fagan, and Benson is well merited. These officers, having each a small separate command, faithfully toiled through the route [which was much obstructed] with loss of food and rest, arriving in time and in order to render service, should any be needed of them, in the fight of June 30 and July 1. It is not so much for what these officers have done as for what I know they would do that attention is called to their names. Either one of them would fire a magazine and with it be blown to atoms, if such a sacrifice were necessary in the service of the country.

What Captain Miller says of others may be equally well said of himself.

ROB'T M. WEST,Major, Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding.

