
Numbers 82. Report of Lieutenant Valentine H. Stone,

Battery M, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of the defense of Jones' Bridge, June 29-30.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY RESERVE, GENERAL KEYES' CORPS, July 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the morning of the 29th of June, 1862, I was ordered with the section under my command to guard Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy. Took up position at the bridge at 6 p. m. same day. June 30, 11 a. m. the rebels appeared on the opposite side. At 1 p. m. they opened fire with eight guns. I was under fire the greater portion of the time until 6 p. m. For two hours of the time I had their guns completely silenced. They succeeded in crossing 2 miles with cavalry and infantry. I then retired to join the army, marching all night to do so. My riding horse was killed with a shell. No men killed in my command. One of the cavalry killed. Considerable loss on the enemy's side.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,VAL. H. STONE,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery.

JOSEPH BENSON,

Second Lieutenant and Adjutant, Arty. Reserve, General Keyes' Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF ARTILLERY, FOURTH CORPS, July 12, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

This young officer, with new horses and men that had never been tried, performed exceedingly well, considering.

ROBT M. WEST,Major, Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding.

Numbers 83. Reports of Brigadier General Darius N. Couch,

U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations June 25-July 1, including skirmish on James River Road, and battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS COUCH'S DIVISION, Harrison's Landing, Va., July 11, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to instructions I have the honor to report the following in reference to my division:

On the morning of June 25 I had orders from General Keyes to move forward two brigades to support Hooker, who was engaged with the enemy beyond Seven Pines. Palmer's and Howe's were pushed forward and held in reserve until about 2.30 p. m., when the former was ordered up by General McClellan to report to General Heintzelman. It was moved into the woods in front, where Hooker had been engaged, I accompanying the brigade rather as a volunteer, seeing that it was taken from under my command. It was deployed in the woods under Palmer, and lay there until next day. During the afternoon it was a good

