
deal exposed to fire from some of the enemy's rifled guns and at night to a heavy fire of musketry. The loss in killed and wounded, was as follows: Commissioned officers-killed, 1; wounded, 4. Enlisted men-killed, 7; wounded, 41.

On the 27th, at near night, Palmer's brigade, with the exception of the Seventh Massachusetts, which was moved down toward the White Oak Swamp, was ordered to the Chickahominy, to support our troops falling back to the right bank of the stream. Abercrombie's brigade was ordered to Golding's Hill to support Smith. These brigades were recalled the same night, and at 12.30 o'clock that night I was directed to fall back with my whole division and cross White Oak Bridge. Crossing that bridge, I was ordered by General Keyes to take position at the junction of the James River, New Market, and Charles City roads. This important post was occupied by my division; Peck with a part of his small division occupying ground to my right and left.

On the morning of the 29th of June some of our cavalry on the James River road were driven in by a battalion of North Carolina Cavalry, who charged clear into my lines, which were so masked as not to be seen. Two guns and a few rifle-shot broke them completely up in a few minutes, killing, wounding, and capturing 80 to 100 of them, with no loss to the division.

In the course of the morning Sykes' brigade crossed the swamp and formed on my right and many other troops in the course of the day came up. That night my division formed the advance of the corps, making a night march to Haxall's, below Turkey Bridge, on James River. It was accomplished by sunrise, being one of the most fatiguing marches imaginable, but it was borne by all without a murmur. The Second Rhode Island and Seventh Massachusetts were ordered forward to Turkey Bridge, and at noon the 30th instant Abercrombie's brigade in the same direction.

At between 3 and 4 p. m. I was directed by General McClellan to move toward Malvern Hill, and attack the enemy in flank should they succeed in forcing our lines on the hill. They did not, and I moved forward and took a strong position for the night, but at dark had orders to push forward to Sumner's support, who held the junction of the roads occupied by my division two days' before.

At 2 o'clock that night, July 1, 1862, Sumner marched to Malvern Hill, my division of two brigades in the advance, he directing me to take post where the division was the night before. Arriving at daylight, we began getting into the position we held the day of our glorious victory of Malvern Hill, for an account of which I beg to refer you to a copy of my report to the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac. I have the honor to inclose a copy of that report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Fourth Corps.

HEADQUARTERS COUCH'S DIVISION, Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that at 2 o'clock a. m. July 1, current, General Sumner, to whose support I had marched with two brigades the night previous, gave me orders to return to the position

