
one because it was beaten, the other because it was a part of the plans of our general.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Division, Fourth Corps.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS, A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 84. Report of Lieutenant William Munk,

Battery C, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of skirmish of June 29 on the James River Road.

PENNSYLVANIA LIGHT ARTILLERY, Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 10, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders calling for a report of my operations on the morning of the 29th of June I will state that on June 28 I took post on the James River road by your directions in such position that my guns would defilade the James River road should an enemy appear from that direction. After placing my guns in position and masking them, the Second Rhode Island, Colonel Wheaton, and the Seventh Massachusetts, Colonel Russell, with one company of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, came up as my support on my right and left. We remained here all night.

Next morning at about 10 o'clock the enemy's cavalry appeared in force in full charge, driving in our vedettes. I opened fire first with case-shot, at a distance which I had previously carefully measured, and afterward with canister. My first discharge staggered them, and my second drove them pell-mell in retreat, Captain Walsh, of Averell's Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, following quickly in pursuit with all the available cavalry at hand, amounting, I think, to about one squadron and a half. More cavalry soon followed, and drove the enemy out of sight.

The surprise was complete. The leader of the enemy was mortally wounded. Numbers of them (the enemy) were unhorsed, and subsequently captured by our pursuing cavalry. Trappings were lying in profusion along the road immediately after the pursuit commenced, showing their loss to have been heavy compared with the numbers they had.

I think the aggregate of men killed, wounded, and captured would reach 80, and the number of horses captured or disabled 20. I sustained no loss.

The section of Flood's battery on my right contributed some to the general result. My men were firm and true, while the enemy came suddenly upon them with disheartening yells.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

WILLIAM MUNK,

First Lieutenant, Battery C, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

Major R. M. WEST, Chief of Artillery, Fourth Corps d' Armee.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS OF ARTILLERY, FOURTH CORPS, July 12, 1862.

The success of this surprise is due not so much to the plan as to its cool, deliberate execution. Lieutenant Munk himself, with primer in-

