
Numbers 86. Report of Lieutenant Edward Dougherty,

Battery D, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of skirmish June 29 on the James River Road.
HDQRS. LIGHT BATTERY D, FIRST PA. RES. ARTY.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 28th June, after the battery arrived on the Charles City road, I was ordered by you to take my section to a point on the New Market road about 400 yards from where the New Market and Charles City roads meet, and there get it into position as much concealed as possible, which order I obeyed. Everything remained quiet until next day (Sunday) at 8 o'clock a. m. I heard a cheer on my left, and shortly after saw the enemy's cavalry approaching on a road (the name of which I do not know) at a charge, driving in a small body of our cavalry. I had placed my guns in echelon, so that they could be worked to protect the New Market road or the woods on my left. I immediately ordered the guns to action left, and opened fire with spherical case at 2'' fuse and 1 elevation. I fired four rounds from each gun, doing good execution, and was preparing to fire the fifth round, when I was ordered by Major West to cease firing.

Nothing further transpired until ordered by you to rejoin my battery, bringing my section along.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,EDWARD DOUGHERTY,

First Lieutenant, Pennsylvania Artillery.

Captain EDW. H. FLOOD.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF ARTILLERY, FOURTH CORPS, July 12, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

The coolness and bravery evinced by this officer and his men entitle them to be ranked among the best soldiers of the army.

ROB'T M. WEST,Major, Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding.

Numbers 87. Report of Brigadier General Albion P. Howe,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS HOWE'S BRIGADE, COUCH'S DIVISION, Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the instructions from the headquarters of the First Division, Fourth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of the brigade under my command at the battle of Malvern Hill, on the 1st instant.

The brigade on that day was composed of the following regiments, viz: The One hundred and second Pennsylvania, commanded by Col-

