
At this time I was re-enforced by detachments from two Maine regiments, which, being posted on my right in support of the Ninety-third Pennsylvania, gave me much additional strength. I was soon again re-enforced by Captain [Snow's] battery and the Twenty-third Pennsylvania Regiment, Colonel Neill.

The enemy's batteries, after the repulse they met with, discontinued their fire, but kept their position.

On being re-enforced by Captain [Snow's] battery I immediately placed it in a favorable position to bear upon the rebel battery that had annoyed us with its fire in the beginning of the action. The battery at once opened fire upon them with fine effect, the spherical case-shot doing good execution on their teams and among their artillerymen. The rebel battery replied spiritedly for a time, and after a sharp cannonading from our battery it drew off the field. During this cannonading the enemy kept up a sharp fire of musketry at long range, but with little or no effect.

In the mean time I was again re-enforced by two other Pennsylvania regiments, under the command of Colonel Barlow, from General Caldwell's brigade. The firing now became very heavy on the part of the division on my left, and by the aid of a glass I could discover the rapid movement of bodies of the enemy to my left. At this time a division staff officer came to me for any assistance I could send to our left. I immediately ordered the battery and the three last regiments that had come to my support to the left. The enemy again came down upon the left and center of our division in strong force and was again repulsed, Colonel Nevin's regiment, the Sixty-second New York, on the left of my brigade, gallantly joining with the left of the division in the repulse. The enemy again rallied, and the firing continued sharp along the whole line of the division.

About this time, between 6 and 7 p. m., my brigade was re-enforced by Captain De Russy's regular battery, of the Fourth Artillery, which was at this time of great assistance, as night was coming on and the enemy seemed determined to make one more last effort before abandoning the field. The battery took a fine position, and delivered its fire, with that of the whole brigade and division line, with marked effect, until after 9 p. m., when the enemy gave up the field.

I inclose herewith a list of the casualties in the brigade during the day, and when it is considered that the brigade was under fire over twelve hours, and a portion of the time hotly engaged, I think the whole loss sustained, being in aggregate 208, will be considered small.

More than thanks are justly due to Captain J. Heron Foster, of the One hundred and second Pennsylvania Regiment, a member of my staff, for the gallantry and untiring energy with which he performed far more than his duties from early morning until late at night. He was the only staff officer I had during most of the day, the other members of the staff being disabled early in the action.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HOWE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Couch's Division, Fourth Corps d' Armee.

14 R R-VOL XI, PT II

