
Numbers 88. Report of Colonel Thomas A. Rowley,

One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 30-July 7.

HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND SECOND Regiment PA. VOLS., Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the movements of the last eight days, as follows:

On Monday morning, June 30, about 6 o'clock, after a fatiguing march during the entire preceding night, we reached Haxall's, or Cumming's, Landing, on James River, near Turkey Bend, and lay down to rest in an open field. About noon we were moved to a position well calculated for defense, in a pleasant grove, convenient to good water, whence, at 4 in the afternoon, we were moved forward to White Oak Bridge and placed in line of battle until after night, when we were again moved forward to the field on which hard fighting had occurred during the day, occupying it until nearly daybreak, when we marched to the ground occupied the previous evening and took position in a grain field on the crest of the hill, where we remained during Tuesday, July 1, under the scorching rays of a July sun, greater part of the time under fire of the enemy's batteries, until about 4 o'clock, when, on the increasing rapidity of their fire and advance of their lines we were ordered to move forward to meet them.

The movement was executed in perfect order, under heavy fire of both artillery and musketry, and a position taken farther in front in the grain field, which was held until after 5 o'clock; when the regiment was ordered to move by the left flank into a wooded ravine, where they remained under fire of the enemy's batteries and sharpshooters secreted in tree-tops and behind shocks of grain until ordered back about 2.30 o'clock on the morning of Wednesday July 2.

Our loss, which mainly occurred during the advance, was 10 killed, among whom were 1 field and 1 line officer, 38 wounded, and 12 missing, including 1 line officer.

Among the killed I regret to record the names of Major John Poland and First. Lieutenant Thomas Mooney, both active and efficient officers, whose places it will be difficult to fill. Major Poland, who had proved his courage not only in Mexico but in every engagement of this war in which this regiment had participated, was shot through the thigh while gallantly cheering the men in their forward movement. Lieutenant Mooney, who was suffering from illness and left his bed to lead his company in the fight, lost both legs by the explosion of a shell. Both were brave men, whose memories will ever be cherished by their fellow-soldiers.

At daybreak on Wednesday morning the regiment fell in line with the brigade and proceeded to Harrison's Bar, where we are now encamped.

During the whole day officers and men of my command did their whole duty promptly, obeying every order, lying under heavy fire during the heat of the day, taking no steps backward, and expending no ammunition except when the enemy could be seen within range of their guns and their shots rendered effective.

I feel it due to my adjutant, Joseph Browne, to say that he rendered me most effective service during the whole engagement and proved himself, as on former occasions, a brave and a valuable officer.

It is also proper to mention the efficiency of the assistant surgeon of

