
the regiment, Dr. M. P. Morrison, who was at all times with his regiment attending to his duties under circumstances which render their performance the more commendable. More than once the shells of the enemy (one of which killed his horse) compelled him to remove to places affording better shelter while attending to wounded men, but he never was beyond a position enabling him to render us efficient aid. Captain Foster, of Company A, was not with his company, having been selected a few days before by Brigadier-General Howe as acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, in which capacity he was often with us, riding through the hottest of the enemy's fire with a coolness which elicited, as it deserves, the admiration of all his comrades in the regiment in which he has so long been an officer.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. A. ROWLEY,

Colonel One hundred and Second Regiment Pa. Vols.

Captain J. H. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Casualties: Killed, 2 officers, 8 men; wounded, 38 men; missing, 1 officer, 11 men.

Numbers 89. Report of Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS ABERCROMBIE'S BRIGADE, Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action of 1st July, 1862:

On the 30th of June my brigade crossed Turkey Creek Bridge and proceeded on the road to Richmond about 2 miles, and deployed into line of battle to the right of the road in an elevated field, where it remained for a few hours; but finding my position much exposed to the enemy's shells at long range, another and a less exposed position was taken. No advances being made by the rebels, the brigade bivouacked for the night.

Early on the morning of the 1st instant orders from division headquarters were received to cross a ravine immediately in front of my line, to support a portion of Howe's brigade and several batteries previously advanced to Malvern Hill. It was soon discovered the enemy was preparing for an attack both in front and on our left, as they were seen to emerge in great force in both directions. Two regiments, viz, the First U. S. Chasseurs and the Sixty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, moved up to the support of Griffin's battery and the Sixty-second New York. With the three other regiments of my brigade, viz, Thirty-first and Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and First Long Island, I moved to the support of General Howe's brigade, and took up a position on the crest of the hill on the right of the tongue of woods. Subsequently the First U. S. Chasseurs and Thirty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered to take up their position in line of battle across the extreme point of this tongue of woods in support of General Palmer's brigade. The Twenty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers were sent to the

