
that the enemy was receiving strong re-enforcements, and that the battle might be renewed at any moment. Nearly the same distribution of my command was made as before, and the renewal of the attack was awaited.

At about 6 p. m. the enemy again appeared in large force in front of Griffin's brigade, and one wing of that brigade immediately moved down upon them. This induced me to think that a charge would be made along the whole line, although I well knew that it was the intention of the general in command only to hold on to the line we had taken up, and not to interfere with the fire of the batteries. I ordered my command to move forward to support any troops that might be first engaged, not intending to get in front of the batteries. The firing commenced furiously along the line and other regiments of the division pressed forward, and soon my command was forced to move to the front of the batteries or remain inactive. The brigade moved in good order slowly to the front, keeping up the firing. Major Miller, commanding the Tenth Massachusetts, while gallantly leading and encouraging his men, fell mortally wounded, and the command of that regiment devolved on Captain Barton, who conducted it gallantly through the rest of the engagement. Major Raney led his regiment finely, and remained on the field until every cartridge was exhausted. I then directed him to take up a position in the rear of the regiments newly arrived on the ground. The Tenth Massachusetts, after several hours' hard fighting, reported their ammunition exhausted, but they remained firmly on the field until after dark and until the enemy was everywhere repulsed.

During the entire operations of the day both officers and men acquitted themselves handsomely. In the death of Major Miller the service has lost one of its most gallant officers. Major Raney and Captain Walsh, of the Thirty-sixth New York, were conspicuous for the admirable manner in which they handled their commands, and no fault could possibly be found with any portion of my command. I saw no straggling to the rear; every man did his duty.

I inclose a list of casualties in the Thirty-sixth New York and Tenth Massachusetts.* I account for the large proportion of wounded by the fact that the enemy use for the most part the old smooth-bore musket, firing buck and ball, or the common hunting rifle. The wounds inflicted by these are in a majority of cases only sufficient to disable, without inflicting mortal wounds. As soon as I can procure the full reports of the commanding officers of regiments they will be forwarded, and the cases of individual gallantry among the officers and men will be noticed.

During the day I was much indebted to the acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, Lieutenant Porter, of the Tenth Massachusetts; to Lieutenant Storer, aide-de-camp to General Devens, and to Lieutenant Wheaton, Second Rhode Island, temporarily on my staff, and to Captain Parker, brigade quartermaster, and Brigade Surgeon O'Leary.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Brigade, Couch's Division.

Captain FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 28.

---------------

