
punishment upon the enemy when they were pressing upon the approaches to the bridges.

In consequence of the absence of General Naglee no report has been received from that brigade, and I am embarrassed with respect to the details thereof. His report as soon as received will be sent forward to accompany this.

General Wessells has labored most faithfully night and day since I joined the division, and displayed the greatest interest in the service under very critical circumstances. In the midst of difficulties and dangers his judgment seemed most reliable.

General Palmer led the advance from White Oak Swamp, and made excellent dispositions, of which I am happy to make mention.

Colonel Russell, Seventh Massachusetts, was in advance of the advance, as usual, and exhibited his anxiety to meet the foe with his fine regiment.

Colonels Fairman, Ninety-sixth New York; Lehmann, One hundred and third Pennsylvania; Rose, Eighty-first New York; Belknap, Eighty-fifth New York; Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania, and Lieutenant-Colonel Durkee, Ninety-eighth New York, are all meritorious officers, who have rendered the country good service and exert a salutary influence upon their troops. Colonel Gregg's Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry was of great assistance in their movements, scouring the country and watching the enemy.

Captain Keenan, Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, deserves especial notice for untiring and valuable service. When he was in the saddle no movement of the enemy escaped his eye.

Lieutenant C. H. Morgan, Fourth Artillery, displayed extraordinary zeal, pushing on many miles from Bottom's Bridge to join the advance to James River. He is an officer of merit.

As usual all the members of my staff were active and rendered great assistance.

It is due to Division Surg. A. B. Crosby that I should acknowledge his untiring devotion to the sick and wounded. That he should have deemed it necessary to tender his resignation is to be much regretted.

The artillery, under Captains Regan, Miller, Brady, Fitch, and Lieutenants Morgan and Mink, was in excellent condition, and responded promptly to every call of duty. With such batteries I felt confident of more than ordinary success in any rencounter with the rebels.

The severe labors that have devolved upon me since taking the division have prevented my finding out many deserving of notice, and I desire to thank every officer and soldier in the command for the cheerful and faithful manner in which they have discharged duties incessant and arduous by day and by night. Chickahominy and White Oak Swamp will bear evidence of their industry for generations. While the late severe service has not been so brilliant as that which fell to other troops it will ever be deemed honor enough to have been a member of that division which held the troops of Jackson at bay across the Chickahominy, destroying all the bridges, which held the advance of the Army of the Potomac from White Oak Swamp, and covered the rear safely during the great strategic movement from Turkey Creek to Harrison's Point.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

A. A. G., Keyes' Hdqrs., Fourth Corps.

