
tional bridges were finally constructed and the movement was considerably accelerated, so that by about 6 o'clock p. m. all the wagons had passed. During the day I was re-enforced by the One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Fifty-sixth New York Volunteers. Gregg's cavalry remained until the last and performed most efficient service, and to the colonel himself I am indebted for active assistance during the arduous and trying labor attending on this movement.

The train of wagons having crossed, was followed by Miller's battery, with the Fifty-sixth and Eighty-first New York Volunteers, all taking position in line on this side of the creek indicated by General Peck, who was indefatigable in his personal exertions to preserve order and provide security in this delicate movement. The Ninety-second New York Volunteers and One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers then crossed, and were placed in position like the others. They in turn were followed by the Eighty-fifth and One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers at a suitable interval, the Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers in their rear.

The One hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers and Ninety-sixth New York Volunteers also crossed in turn, the Eighty-fifth New York Volunteers being left as a rear guard. The outposts still remained in position, a cavalry company being stationed on the road and at the opening of the woods in rear of the camp. It was now about 10 o'clock p. m.; the pickets were carefully withdrawn, and the rear guard completed the crossing without the slightest accident at about 11 o'clock, and the whole brigade in line of battle facing the rear.

On the following morning the camp was marked out, and the brigade proceeded to strengthen its position by the construction of the rifle pits, slashing timber with epaulements for artillery, and is now ready to receive the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain W. H. MORRIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Peck's Division.

Numbers 93. Reports of Brigadier General Fitz John Porter,

U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Corps, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH PROVISIONAL CORPS, Camp at Harrison's Landing, Va., July 8, 1862.

GENERAL: I have to report that, in accordance with the general instructions communicated to me at the time when the operations of the right wing of this army were confined to my care by the major-general commanding, the extreme flanking force was disposed with a view to the observation of the bridges crossing the Chickahominy at Meadow Bridges and Mechanicsville and the line through Hanover to the Pamunkey. There were mere outposts placed at these bridges themselves, the supporting force being strongly posted on the east side of Meadow, or Beaver Creek, which runs through a ravine, and joins the Chickahominy about a mile east of Mechanicsville. This supporting force consisted of two brigades of the Pennsylvania Reserves, under the command of Brigadier General J. F. Reynolds. The remainder-

