
partially, crossing the Chickahominy that night about 11 o'clock and joining my wagons, neither men nor horses having had rest or food for nearly forty-eight hours. The following day I sent a part of my command to finish the destruction of Sumner's lower bridge and support the artillery there until I was ordered to report to General Marcy in the afternoon, when I called in my command and did so report.

The officers and men of my regiment, with scarcely and exception, behaved in the most cool and gallant manner, and displayed, in my opinion, great adroitness as well as daring during those days of constant activity and excitement, and bore all their fatigues and privations without the slightest murmur of discontent or complaint.

Two killed; 10 wounded, including Captain Hooker; 3 missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. FARNSWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

Brigadier General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Provisional Corps.

Numbers 95. Report of Colonel William M. Averell,

Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations June 26-July 2.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 7, 1862.

SIR: in obedience to instructions contained in circular from headquarters Fifth Corps I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 26th ultimo:

On the 27th, when the corps of General F. J. Porter became engaged with the enemy, I sent Captain E. S. Jones, with a squadron of this regiment, to picket the railroad from Dispatch Station to Tunstall's, which duty was well performed by him until he was relieved at daylight the next morning. A squadron under the command of Captain J. C. White went at the same time across the Chickahominy at Bottom's Bridge and scoured the country on the left bank of that stream as far down as Jones' Bridge. Captain White's squadron was relieved on the evening of the 27th by Captain Town's, which continued the same duty.

In obedience to orders received from the general commanding this army, through General Heintzelman, at 3 o'clock a. m. 28th I proceeded with five squadrons of the regiment and crossed the White Oak Swamp Bridge, which was completed at 6.30 a. m., and covered the advanced of the army toward the James River about 2 miles, where the advance of the Second Corps was halted for the night. The advance pickets for the night were composed of Companies D, K, and E, of this regiment, under Captains Gary, Martin, and Russell. By direction of the general commanding the army I sent Lieutenant Davis to communicate with the gunboats on James River, which delicate duty was successfully performed.

Early in the morning of the 29th I sent Captain J. C. White, with his squadron, a section of a light battery, and 200 infantry to Jones' Bridge, on the Chickahominy, to prevent the enemy crossing at that point and to patrol the right bank of the stream, in order that the army might have the earliest information of any attempt of the enemy to cross. Captain White performed this duty well, and held Jones' Bridge until

