
the night of June 30, when the enemy attacked him in force with artillery. The captain had his horse shot under him. My pickets in advance of the army were relieved about 8 p. m. by Captain Walsh with three companies. At 9 a. m. my pickets in the Quaker road were driven in by a force of rebel cavalry, represented to have been composed of five companies of the First North Carolina and four of the Fourth Virginia, under the command of Colonel Lawrence Baker. My pickets drew them into a position in front of a section of Major West's artillery, which opened an effective discharge of canister at short range, which killed a major, 8 men, several horses, and wounded perhaps 100, and threw the regiment into complete disorder, when the reserves to my pickets, led by Captains Walsh and Russell, charged and drove them nearly 2 miles, taking many prisoners-I believe about 60.

Toward the close of the day I received an order to report to General F. J. Porter for duty with his corps, and under instructions from him took my regiment, Benson's battery, and Colonel Hays' regiment infantry and covered the advance of the corps on the road to New Market. Remained on picket duty until morning, when the column was withdrawn and put in the Quaker road, with the exception of one squadron under Captain Town, which remained in position in the road until relieved by General McCall about noon. The regiment was held in position on the Quaker road until 3 p. m., some squadrons being engaged in keeping the wagon trains in order and in arresting stragglers. During this time I was sent to White Oak Bridge by the chief of staff of the general commanding the army, to view the engagement then going on at that point and to give such orders as might be essential to the holding of the position. Upon my return from that duty I rode to Malvern Hill, on the James River, to investigate the position and condition of our advance, and seeing that my regiment could be well employed along the route sent back for it, and it was engaged from that time until next evening in controlling the movements of trains and collecting stragglers and returning them to their regiments. During the night of the 30th Lieutenants Newhall and Treitchel were sent by the general commanding the army to communicate with our right and center. This hazardous duty was well performed. Lieutenant Newhall passed along the line of our army twice during the night, each time being obliged to go for 1 1/2 miles through the bivouacs of the enemy. At 12 o'clock on the night of the 1st instant I received orders from the general commanding to take charge of the rear guard of the army. At daybreak on the 2nd I took command of the rear guard, composed of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry and four regiments of U. S. Infantry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan. I found the New York Chasseurs on the field, and assumed command of them also.

Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan informed me on my taking command that the enemy was threatening his pickets and advancing toward both his flanks. I sent an officer to the rear to direct the cavalry I had upon the road to push the trains forward with all dispatch and to collect those which could not be removed and prepare them for burning; then deployed three regiments of infantry with the Chasseurs along the front, which I immediately covered with a double line of skirmishers; then advanced the whole line as if for attack, pushing forward simultaneously from the right and left wings columns of cavalry and disposing parties of horsemen far to the right and left to divert the attention of the enemy and to give me information of their movements.

Observing that the feint was about to succeed, although the cavalry was suffering from the enemy's sharpshooters, I sent at officer to the

