
rear to assure the rear of the army of its security, and to bring me back a battery of artillery, of which I was destitute. Captain Frank responded promptly to this call, and soon had four guns in good position in rear on a hill. While he was coming one of my squadrons by a skillful disposition of troopers in sections created a very good semblance of a battery, which moved up under the crest of a hill in front, and went through the motions of going into action front. The enemy withdrew to the woods in their rear, and I held the position until 10 a. m. Parties of the enemy gaining confidence came out without arms and commenced collecting their dead, with which the fields in front were thickly strewn. At 10, hearing that the rear of the army was 2 miles away, I withdrew my artillery to another good position, with the reserve regiment of infantry; then withdrew the main body of the infantry, and then the line of skirmishers, screening these operations with galloping skirmishers of cavalry along the line in front. Two guns taken from the enemy the night before had to be spiked and the carriages broken for want of transportation.

I may mention here that I did not observe over a dozen of our dead upon the field and that our wounded were all under shelter.

From an early hour the rain commenced falling, and its increasing heaviness assisted to render my operations obscure to the enemy. As soon as the artillery and infantry were well upon the road I directed my cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Owen, to withdraw, leaving 12 wagons without mules ready for them to destroy. The march was continued without incident until the rear crossed Turkey Island Bridge, which was destroyed. A mile farther on I found Brigadier-General Wessells in excellent position with his brigade, and a mile farther on Brigadier-General Naglee with a second line. Considering our rear perfectly secure, I passed through their lines with my wearied forces and came to this camp.

I have the honor to call your attention to the inclosed report of casualties during all these operations of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Colonel Commanding.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fifth Provisional Army Corps.

Numbers 96. Report of Colonel Henry J. Hunt,

commanding Artillery Reserve, of operations June 26-July 1.

HDQRS. ARTILLERY RESERVE, ARMY POTOMAC, Camp near Westover, Va., July 7, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the service of the Artillery Reserve in the operations of this army since June 26, 1862:

Smead's battery of Napoleon guns, attached temporarily to McCall's division, and Edwards' battery of Parrotts were engaged at the battle of Mechanicsville, June 26. Smead's report is inclosed herewith. Gibson's battery of horse artillery was detached on the 25th for service

---------------

*See p. 28.

---------------

