
the Potomac, and vindicated in the most complete manner the wisdom and forecast of the general commanding in organizing so completely and thoroughly a special artillery force of such magnitude, and which events have proved was no longer than necessity required.

Captain Carlisle calls special attention to the services of Captain Taft's Fifth New York Independent Battery and to the good conduct of his officers and men. Captain Taft, finding his battery could not be mounted in time to take part in the campaign, volunteered its services for the Artillery Reserve, among the batteries of which the officers and men have been distributed. Captain Taft, his officers, Lieutenants Henderson, Denike, and Russell (the latter wounded at Yorktown), his non-commissioned officers, and men have served faithfully, efficiently, and usefully. I recommend them to the favorable consideration of the general commanding, and request that they be organized and mounted as a battery as soon as opportunity offers.

The commanders of brigades, Lieutenant-Colonels Hays and Getty, Majors Arndt and Petherbridge, and Captain Carlisle, Second Artillery, performed their duties on all occasions with skill, courage, and efficiency.

Captain Frank, First New York Artillery, temporarily attached to the reserve on the 1st of July, commanded his battery with judgment and effect at Malvern.

My personal staff, Lieutenants Carling, Third Artillery, acting assistant adjutant-general; Miller, Fourth Artillery, and Hardin, Third Artillery, were at all times and under all circumstances zealous, prompt, and indefatigable in the discharge of all their duties on the field, in camp, and on the march, and I beg leave to present their names to the favorable consideration of the general commanding. Lieutenant Miller not only kept the reserve batteries well supplied with ammunition, but by supplying the wants of many of the division batteries prevented their being thrown out of action.

Lieutenants Randol and Olcott, First Artillery, volunteered their services to me as additional aides-de-camp on the evening of July 1 at Malvern, and as such were engaged in the hottest of the fight, besides assisting in the service of the 32-pounder howitzer battery in the last struggle on the hill.

I wish there to make my acknowledgments to and record the services of Lieutenant E. R. Warner, Third Artillery, who was until June 1 acting assistant adjutant-general of the reserve. He labored zealously in its organization, and served with it at the siege of Yorktown and until the 1st of June, when an attack of typhoid fever made it necessary to send him to Old Point. In all the duties devolving on them the labors of the officers of the staff departments attached to the reserve have been faithfully performed, and I am indebted from their services to Brigade Surgeon McMillan, Assistant Surgeons Gouley, Jaquett, White, and Smith, U. S. Army; Assistant Surgeons Bennett, Wieber, and O'Donnell, volunteer forces; Captain Sappington, commissary of subsistence (especially), and Captain Beazell, assistant quartermaster volunteer forces. Assistant Surgeon Smith was left in charge of the sick and wounded at Savage Station, and Assistant Surgeon White at Malvern.

The services of the battery commanders, officers, and men are detailed in the reports transmitted herewith, and I respectfully call attention to the claims of those whose names are there presented. To the special attention called in the brigade reports to the services of Lieutenants Benjamin, Second Artillery, and Ames, Fifth Artillery, I give my hearty concurrence. The conduct of these officers has been above praise.

