
The names of First Sergt. Terrence Reily and Henry Flood, of Light Company M, Second Artillery; First Sergt. James Chester, of Company E, First Artillery (who commanded a section in battle), and First Sergt. Charles Holmann, of Battery K, Fifth Artillery, are especially presented by their battery commanders, Captains Benson and Smead, Lieutenants Randol and Elder, for commissions, for gallantry on the field. I concur in the recommendations, and request that the name of Quartermaster Sergt. James Davidson, Third Artillery, sergeant-major to the reserve, be added to the list. His character and services justly entitle him to the promotion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Colonel Commanding.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 26, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to the headquarters Army of the Potomac. In my official report of the actions before Richmond I referred to the services of this command, but now take pleasure in again calling attention to the distinguished services of the Reserve Artillery and the importance of such resources, as well for the moment when suddenly large reserves are thrown into action as to replace that artillery of divisions which has been disabled in action or otherwise not available.

The Reserve Artillery, under command of Colonel Hunt and lately under Colonel Hays, has been ever judiciously employed, and always was within reach of and employed when it was required. In every case (and this has been in every action, not only in the Army of the Potomac, but in all in which this army was associated with the Army of Virginia) its services have been marked and valuable, its officers serving with distinguished ability, and doing their full part to gain the battle by their individual efforts and their cordial co-operation and labors with other troops.

I also here especially commend the services of that portion of the reserve which has served as mounted or light artillery or horse artillery, whose labors have been severe and losses in some cases irreparable. The officers of the artillery have received but little if any reward for their services, and while their companions of the same date are elevated in rank and command they receive not the reward a soldier seeks and they and the army are conscious that they merit, and the fact tends to discourage them. Their duty to the country which educated them and their patriotism alone keeps them in the service so long as they benefit her. Some have been offered promotion in volunteer regiments, but appreciating the value of their services in the artillery and that they could not be spared from an arm which has been among the most prominent in earning victory they have declined the advancement, while others have avoided seeking what they know they could obtain. Such self-sacrifice deserves reward, and taken in connection with their services, I would respectfully ask of the Government promotion by brevet or in volunteer service.

F. J. PORTER,Major-General, Commanding.

16 R R-VOL XI, PT II

