
Numbers 97. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel William Hays,

commanding Brigade of Horse Artillery, of operations May 6-July 1.
HDQRS. BRIGADE OF HORSE ARTILLERY, ARTY. RES., Camp at New Bridge, Va., June 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the services of the batteries of the brigade of horse artillery:

On the 6th of May, at Williamsburg, Captain Robertson's battery joined General Stoneman's command (this command being the advance guard of our army).

On the 12th of May, with Captain Tidball's battery, I joined General Stoneman's command at Cumberland. The two batteries continued on duty with General Stoneman until the 31st of May, when they rejoined the Artillery Reserve. Captain Benson's battery was detached with General Porter's command on the 27th of May, and took an active and important part in the battle of Hanover Court-House.

On the 23rd of May Captains Robertson's and Tidball's batteries were placed in positions to drive the enemy's troops from New Bridge and the banks of the Chickahominy, which service they succeeded in accomplishing in a very short time. The command on the same afternoon marched in the direction of Mechanicsville. When about three-quarters of a mile from the village the enemy's artillery opened a fire on us. Lieutenant Dennison's section of Tidball's battery immediately returned the fire. The two batteries were promptly placed in battery and commenced firing. The firing was continued until some time after the enemy had stopped firing. On the following day Lieutenant Pennington's section of Tidball's battery was ordered to report to General Davidson and was actively engaged in the attack on Mechanicsville. For a more detailed account of the services rendered by the batteries of my command I respectfully refer you to the reports of Captains Robertson,* Benson,+ and Pennington,+ herewith inclosed.

The officers and men were all active, cool, and efficient under fire, and bore with patience and cheerfully the privations and exposures incident to the arduous and important service they were on. Assist. Surg. Joseph S. Smith, U. S. Army, was on duty with the command, and performed his duties in a highly satisfactory manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WILLIAM HAYS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT,

Commanding Artillery Reserve.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE OF HORSE ARTILLERY, Camp at Westover, Va., July 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the services of the batteries of this brigade since the 25th of June:

On the 25th of June Captain Gibson's battery was detached with General Stoneman's command. No report of his battery has since been received. I hear it has since arrived at Fort Monroe.

On the 26th Captains Robertson's and Tidball's batteries joined General Porter's command on the north side of the Chickahominy and took an active and important part in the battle of the 27th of June.

---------------

*See Numbers 99.

+See p. 656, 657, 694, 695, Part I.

---------------

