
On the night of the 28th of June the brigade moved on the road leading to the James River.

On the 29th Captain Benson's battery was sent on a reconnaissance with Colonel Averell's cavalry in the direction of New Market, and rejoined the brigade of the 30th.

On the 30th of June, at Malvern Hill, Captain Robertson's battery took part in the firing of our batteries on a battery of the enemy, which opened a fire on our camp from the woods beyond the swamp on our left. The enemy's battery was soon silenced and two of his guns taken.

On the 1st instant, late in the afternoon, I was ordered to take two batteries (Captains Robertson's and Tidball's) and move forward to where out troops were warmly engaged with the enemy. Captain Benson's battery had preceded me to the same point by order of General Porter. As soon as the batteries reached the battle ground they were promptly brought into action, and opened a rapid and effective fire until the enemy had disappeared. Every officer and man of the brigade acted with energy, coolness, and ability on this and all other occasions when under fire, and bore with patience and cheerfully the fatigues and privations of the different marches.

I find it difficult to discriminate where all did so well, but without disparagement to any one I would beg leave to call special notice to Captains Robertson, Benson, and Tidball, the commanders of batteries, and to Lieuts. J. M. Wilson, Barlow, and Pennington, the senior first lieutenants of the respective batteries.

For a more detailed account of the services of each battery I refer you to the reports of battery commanders, herewith transmitted, and which are adopted as a part of my report. Officers present with the batteries: Captain J. M. Robertson, Henry Benson, and J. C. Tidball, and Lieuts. John M. Wilson, A. C. M. Pennington, John W. Barlow, Peter C. Hains, Williams N. Dennison, Robert Clarke, Carle A. Woodruff, Albert O. Vincent, and Robert H. Chapin.

WILLIAM HAYS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT,

Commanding Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 98. Reports of Captain John C. Tidball,

Light Battery A, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations June 27-July 6, including the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

CAMP AT WESTOVER, July 6, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that about sundown of the 26th ultimo I was ordered by you to proceed with my battery across the Chickahominy (to the north side) and there report to General Porter at or before daylight the next morning. This I did, and received instructions from him to post my battery on a rising piece of ground on the north side of the main road leading from Mechanicsville to Gaines' Mill, and about 1 mile from the latter. Here I was to remain until the troops near Mechanicsville should pass on their way to a new position beyond Gaines' Mill, and then by a judicious use of my battery delay the advance of the enemy. I detached one section, under Brevet Cap-

