
of my caissons in position. I left them near by in charge of my first sergeant, who supplied the exhausted limbers of the guns by constantly bringing up full ones from the caissons.

When the enemy took possession of the top of the hill the caissons were forced to retire by the falling back of our troops. I had received instructions from General Sykes that if forced to retire to take the main road leading to my rear. The ammunition of my limbers, with the exception of a few rounds which I wished to retain for an emergency, was exhausted, and being now exposed to a sharp fire of musketry as well as of artillery I thought it prudent to withdraw and seek a position where my few remaining rounds might be effective. I accordingly changed my position a few hundred yards and brought some of my pieces into battery, but it was now so dark that I could not see whether the troops in front were friends or foes, and perceiving it impossible in consequence of the woods to join our troops toward the center of the battle-field I again limbered up and retired slowly by the road prescribed by General Sykes. About 9 o'clock p. m. I crossed the Chickahominy at Woodbury's Bridge and returned to my camp. My company officers in the engagement were First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain Pennington, First Lieutenant Dennison, and Second Lieutenant Clarke, all of whom, as well as the whole company, did their duty in the most commendable manner. They had been up the whole of the night previous; the day was oppressively hot and water scarce, and all became exhausted by the labor of working the guns.

My casualties were Corporal Mathes, Privates Bedford, Bell, Bernhard, Guth, and Quin wounded, none mortally, and 6 horses killed and 3 wounded. I lost nothing in the way of material. I fired during the day about 600 rounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. TIDBALL,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Light Company A.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Brigade Horse Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

CAMP AT WESTOVER, July 6, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that soon after dark upon the evening of the 28th ultimo I received orders from you to move with my battery from my camp near the Chickahominy by Savage Station on the Richmond and York River Railroad toward the James River. Starting immediately I marched, with frequent delays, all night, and soon after daylight crossed the bridge at White Oak Swamp, and halted with the remainder of the Artillery Reserve about 2 miles beyond.

On the morning of the 30th resumed our march, and about 12 m. arrived at Malvern Hill, where we bivouacked for the night. The next morning, July 1, the enemy attacking in force, the battle commenced. My battery being held in reserve, was not called into action until the dusk of the evening, when under your directions I moved forward upon the battle-field, and took position in a field upon the left of the main road. Here I came into battery in the only position that I could see not already occupied by other batteries. A battalion of infantry was in my front firing, in consequence of which I could get only my two flank pieces into action. The enemy were retiring, and

