
it was but a few minutes until the firing ceased along our whole line. In about an hour afterward most of our troops were withdrawn from the field, and I was directed by you to close in toward the road on my right and remain in a state of vigilance during the night, occasionally firing a shot into the forest in front of me. About 11 o'clock you directed me to withdraw and take the road leading to the James River. I accordingly did so, and arrived at this point about 6 o'clock the next morning, July 2.

In the action of the day previous I met with no casualties, but on the march back one of my caissons breaking was unfortunately lost.

On the morning of July 3 the enemy, taking position with artillery on the high ground (now our front), commenced shelling the low ground, which was occupied by our troops. They also threw with great precision a score or so of war rockets. I was directed to prepare my battery for immediate action, and was in a few minutes afterward directed to report to General Smith, who ordered me up to the front, now occupied by the right of our line. Here I came into battery about 1,500 yards from the enemy's positions and opened fire, and in a few minutes drove the enemy away. I remained at this point until the 5th instant, when, being relieved by another battery, I returned to the camp of the Artillery Reserve.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. TIDBALL,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Light Company A.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Brigade Horse Artillery, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 99. Reports of Captain James M. Robertson,

Batteries B and L, Second U. S. Artillery, of the skirmishes at and battle of Williamsburg, skirmishes at New Kent Court-House and New Bridge, battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR NEW BRIDGE, VA., June 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I marched from Camp Winfield Scott at 10.30 o'clock a. m. Sunday, May 4, 1862, in command of Batteries B and L, Second Artillery. Taking the road to Williamsburg, I arrived (about 4 o'clock p. m.) at the edge of the woods near the enemy's batteries in front of Williamsburg. By order of the general commanding my battery was placed in position in rear of and only a few yards from the woods. Several of the enemy's shot falling in my battery, and having no opportunity to reply, I was ordered to retire and take a position on the opposite side of the field.

About 12 m. the 5th I was ordered to report to General Smith, and was placed in position in a wheat field, and remained till dark, at which time I was withdrawn.

On the evening of the 6th I was detached from your brigade, and reported to General Stoneman for duty with the advanced brigade of the army, and remained on this duty until the 31st of May, 1862, when the battery returned and joined the Reserve Artillery, under the command of Colonel Hunt. During the time the battery was with General Stoneman's column it performed the following service and marches:

