
firing 12 rounds the firing ceased. Upon examination the cars were found deserted, and taken possession of. I was informed the following morning by negroes who were on the cars at the time that the first shot went directly over the train, struck, and exploded on the track, and that they were afraid to run them farther back.

During the whole time the battery was detached from the Artillery Reserve I have been most ably and efficiently assisted by my chiefs of sections, viz: First Lieutenant John M. Wilson, and Second Lieuts. Carle A. Woodruff and A. O. Vincent, of the Second Artillery, and my chiefs of caissons, First Lieutenant Perry Bly, Ninth New York Volunteer Cavalry, until he was detached from the battery on the 21st of May, 1862, and also by all the non-commissioned officers and other enlisted men of the battery, both regulars and volunteers, which entitles them to, and I hereby tender them, my most sincere thanks. During the skirmish near Slatersville several of the enemy's shell exploded in the battery, but without damage, except slightly grazing Private John De Waigner, of Company L, Second Artillery, on the shoulder, with a fragment of case-shot.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. ROBERTSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Batteries B and L.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Horse Brigadier, Res. Arty., Camp near New Bridge, Va.

CAMP NEAR WESTOVER, VA., July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was detached from your brigade on the 26th of June, 1862, and with my own (Robertson's Horse Batteries B and L, Second Artillery) and Tidball's Horse Battery A, Second Artillery, ordered to report for duty to General Porter at his headquarters on the north side of the Chickahominy River, near the house of William Gaines. In compliance with these instructions I left my camp near Mitchie's house, Virginia, at 8 p. m., and marched to the brow of the hill near Alexander's Bridge, where I was delayed till 11 o'clock p. m. by wagon trains passing the bridge to the south. The bridge having been cleared at 11 p. m. I crossed with my command and proceeded on. Owing to the large number of wagons in the road my progress was very slow, and I did not reach the point of rendezvous till 2 o'clock a. m. the 27th. Taking Captain Tidball with me, I at once reported to General Porter in person. After some conversation on the subject, the general assigned each battery to its special duty, relieving me of all further responsibility of Battery A. With my own batteries, B and L, was posted in a peach orchard near the house of William Gaines, with instructions to cover and protect the rear of General McCall's division, who were falling back to a point farther down the Chickahominy. Soon after daylight the retiring troops began to pass, and had all filed by my battery except one company of the Eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, which had been indicated to me as the rear of the column.

Meantime the enemy, having discovered our position or seen the troops passing, opened fire upon us from a heavy gun stationed near the widow Price's house, on the south side of the Chickahominy River. Several shot fell near my battery, but without causing any damage. At this time also the last company was seen approaching across the

