
field in front of the left of my battery, and at the same time sharp skirmishing was heard in a point of woods about 400 yards to the right and front of my right piece (between the positions occupied by mine and Captain Tidball's battery). Throwing forward my left wing, I waited for our skirmishers to clear the woods, which was indicated to me by a detached section of Captain Tidball's battery opening fire, and commenced shelling the woods in the direction of the advancing enemy, causing his advance to retire on his reserves. The company which was pointed out to me as the rear of McCall's division having passed and being well on their way to the woods near Hogan's, and distinctly hearing the enemy's columns advancing through the woods on my right and front, I retired simultaneously with Captain Tidball's battery, which was in view on my right, Tidball passing down the road to Gaines' Mill in column any my battery in line across the plain to Hogan's. I arrived at the entrance of the wood near Hogan's just after the rear company of infantry had entered it. I broke into column of pieces and passed through to clear ground beyond Dr. Gaines' house, where I formed in line and waited for the infantry to again pass. The rear company having, as I supposed, passed me and crossed the two small bridges below, I rode to Dr. Gaines' house to inform a small guard stationed there that I was in the rear of the retiring column, when upon looking up the road I saw several stragglers, and upon inquiring of one who just then came up I learned that they were a company of the Ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, who by some unaccountable means had been left in the rear. Keeping the small guard of Dr. Gaines' house with me I remained till this company (who came up without any officer of formation) had got well past me and I could again hear the enemy approaching through the woods and see his skirmishers on the hill to my right, and having no support within a mile except a small guard of an officer and 17 men I retired. While halted in this last position the enemy opened upon me from a battery on the south side on the Chickahominy and dropped several shot near my battery, but without doing me any damage.

Having completed my instructions I reported with my battery to General Porter at his temporary headquarters near the Adams house and was held in reserve till about 1.30 o'clock p. m., when, by order of General Porter, I took up a position on the bottom ground to protect the left of the line resting on the Chickahominy Swamp. No enemy appearing at this point I remained in position till near sunset, at which time the left of the line was found to retire. As soon as the infantry had passed into the low ground in front of me I opened with shell, firing over their heads at the advancing enemy. As the first men and officers of the retiring regiment came opposite my battery I used every means in my power, without neglecting my more important duties with the battery, to induce them to halt and reform behind a small hill in my rear, and was most ably and energetically assisted by First Lieutenant J. M. Wilson, of my battery, in these endeavors, but without success. The enemy advancing to within range, as soon as the infantry passed I commenced firing canister, and soon drove him from my front to the cover of the woods.

The action to my right and front had now become very close, and a battery posted near me on the brow of the hill was forced to retire, leaving two of its guns on the field. It was now getting to be dusk, and the enemy were appearing on the hill to my right, and seeing no support I limbered up to retire, when I was met by a squadron or more of Rush's Lancers, the commanding officer of which informed me he

