
would protect my right. I again brought my battery into action, and remained holding the enemy in check till I had exhausted all the ammunition in my boxes. I then retired, my rear being protected by the Lancers before mentioned. Taking the road toward Alexander's Bridge, I saw General Porter on the hill before descending to enter the swamp, and was told by him to get a position and come into battery, but upon being informed that I was without ammunition, he ordered me to make my way to my camp on the south side of the river. I arrived and went into camp at Mitchie's house at 10.30 o'clock p. m. My loss this day was 1 man and 3 horses missing.

Saturday, June 28, 1862, I left camp at Mitchie's house at 11 o'clock p. m., taking the road past Savage Station, and reached camp near Turkey Creek at 11.30 o'clock a. m. June 30, at 2 o'clock p. m., the enemy opened an enfilading fire upon a portion of our infantry lying in reserve behind the brow of a hill from a battery stationed in the woods on the west side of the swamp, and the infantry were forced to leave. I at once placed my battery in position, my right resting on the ground the infantry had just left. I fired 157 rounds, when, the enemy's battery having retired or been disabled, I ceased firing and returned to camp.

On Tuesday, July 1, my battery was held in reserve till after sunset, when I was ordered forward and placed in position on the left of the road. It being after dark when I arrived on the field I found some difficulty in getting to the front, owing to a brigade of infantry marching off as I was going on the ground. At the time I got my battery in position the fire of the enemy was very brisk, but it soon slackened, and finally, with the exception of an occasional picket shot, ceased altogether. At 10 o'clock p. m., in obedience to instructions, I withdrew my battery and returned to camp. My loss was 1 horse killed and 1 wounded. At 11 p. m., in obedience to instructions, I moved with my battery, taking the road to Harrison's Bar Landing, and arrived near that place at dawn of day on Wednesday, July 2. Thursday, July 3, I reported to General Sykes for duty with my battery, but my services not being needed I was held in reserve until late in the afternoon, when I went into camp near Westover, where I now am.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the officers of my battery, First Lieutenant J. M. Wilson and Second Lieuts. Carle A. Woodruff and Albert O. Vincent, and also to all the non-commissioned officers and privates, for their coolness and strict obedience to orders while under fire, especially on the evening of the 27th of June, when, after having timbered up to retire, they were again brought into action on the same ground under a direct and flank fire. Where all did so well it is impossible for me to particularize.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. ROBERTSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Horse Batteries B and L.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Second Artillery, Commanding Horse Artillery Brigade, Reserve Artillery, Camp near Westover, Va.

CAMP NEAR WESTOVER, VA., July 9, 1862.

SIR: In my report of July 5 I inadvertently omitted to mention the name of First Lieutenant A. M. Randol, First Artillery, and now beg leave

