
to state that after I reported to General Sykes, on the morning of July 3, Lieutenant Randol joined my battery as a volunteer, with 1 sergeant and 12 privates. The battery not being called into action, late in the afternoon he received an order to report to Colonel Hunt to fit out a new battery and left me.

Respectfully submitted.

J. M. ROBERTSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Horse Batteries B and L.

Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Second Arty., Commanding Horse Arty. Brigadier, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 100. Report of Captain Henry Benson,

Second U. S. Artillery, of operations June 28-July 2, including the battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING,

July 6, 1862.

SIR: I have to report for the information of the colonel commanding the brigade of horse artillery the operations of my battery during the following days:

The battery left Camp Lincoln, near Savage Station, on the afternoon of the 28th of June, and occupied the ground in front of the residence of Mrs. Couch, to command the bridge across the Chickahominy at that point. The object was to drive the enemy back should he attempt to cross the bridge. On several occasions during the afternoon the appeared in force near the head of the bridge, and at one time a body of infantry approached apparently with the intention of crossing, but a few Schenkl shell dropped among his troops caused his to retire. The battery remained in position until 10 p.m., and then retired in the direction of the bridge across White Oak Swamp. The march was continued until the afternoon of the 29th, when the battery was moved to an advanced position on the New Market road, where it remained during the night, the men standing at their guns all night. At daydawn the battery was withdrawn, and retired in the direction of White Oak Swamp.

During the 30th the march was continued until the battery reached Malvern Hill, where it camped for the night. On the morning of July 1 had one horse severely wounded by a shell from the enemy, and late in the afternoon the battery moved rapidly to the front, and opened fire on the enemy's infantry engaged with the division of General Couch. This fire was continued until his infantry retired, when it was discontinued. The battery remained in position until ordered to return by the colonel commanding brigade, leaving one section under command of lieutenant Barlow, to cover the returning infantry, and then marched to camp near Charles City Court-House, where it arrived on the morning of the 2nd instant.

Loss during the days mentioned above was 3 horses wounded and 2 lost.

Lieutenants Barlow, Hains, and Chapin commanded their sections with their usual gallantry. Conduct of non-commissioned officers and men, although broken down for want of sleep and rest, was admirable on the march and in battle. I would respectfully hand in the names

