
of Sergts. Terrence Riely and Henry Flood, of my battery, for commissions for distinguished conduct in the field at Hanover Court-House and on other occasions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY BENSON,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding.

Colonel WILLIAM HAYS,

Commanding Brigade of Horse Artillery.

Numbers 101. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Getty,

commanding Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of operations June 26-July 1.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, ARTILLERY RESERVE,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 8, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the services of the Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve, during the operations from the 26th of June to the 1st of July, 1862:

Smead's battery (K, Fifth Artillery), consisting of four light 12-pounder guns, was present at the battles of Mechanicsville and Chickahominy on the 26th and 27th of June, 1862, being attached temporarily to the division of General McCall. For detailed report of the operations of this battery in those actions I refer to report of Captain Smead, already submitted. On the 30th of June this battery was placed in position on the bluff near the Malvern house, on the extreme left of the line of batteries, and rendered efficient service.

On the morning of the 27th of June Ames' and Elder's batteries (A, Fifth Artillery, and K, First Artillery), of six light 12-pounder guns each, were ordered to the division of Brigadier General William F. Smith. Elder's battery was held in reserve, while Ames' was placed in position with other batteries on a knoll about 700 yards in rear of the earth-works thrown up during the previous night in the wheat field near James Garnett's house. Whilst in this position it was subjected to a terrific cannonade from the guns of the enemy placed in redoubts and from their field batteries, numbering in all probably twenty-four guns. At night-fall, after the firing ceased, it was withdrawn and ordered to its camp, near Dr. Trent's house. Elder's battery, remained with Smith, and was posted during the night as follows: Two sections near the redoubt covering the entrance to the lines, the remaining section covering the bridge on the Chickahominy.

On the morning of the 28th the battery was withdrawn and took position at Courtney's house, where it remained during the day. During the early part of the night it joined the brigade near Savage Station, on the road crossing White Oak Swamp.

On the afternoon of the 29th Elder's and Randol's (K, First Artillery, and E, First Artillery) were detached by your order, the former with the corps of General Keyes, the latter with the division of McCall. For the services of their batteries while detached I refer to the reports of Lieutenants Randol and Elder, herewith submitted.

At the battle of Malvern, July 1, Ames' battery was posted on the right of the main road leading by the house, and, with other batteries, was supported by the division of General Morell. The battery remained

