
on the field during the entire day, and was handled with great skill. Over 1,300 rounds of ammunition was expended by this battery during the day. Smead's battery was held in reserve. About dusk it was placed in battery across the main road in rear of the main position, with orders to act as occasion might require.

I beg leave to call your attention to the admirable behavior of the non-commissioned officers and men of the batteries. During all these operations they bore the fatigue and deprivation of sleep, and in many cases of food, without murmur, and were at all times ready and eager for action.

The commanders of batteries, Captain John R. Smead, First Lieutenants Randol, Morgan, Elder, and Ames, are entitled to much credit for the able manner in which they managed their batteries. First Lieutenant Adelbert Ames, commanding Battery A, Fifth Artillery, deserves particular mention for gallantry and skill at the battles of Chickahominy and Malvern. He was ably supported by his chief of section, First Lieutenant William D. Fuller, Third Artillery, and Second Lieuts. James Gillis and George W. Crabb, Fifth Artillery. In this connection I respectfully call your attention to the gallant conduct of First Lieutenant Samuel N. Benjamin, of Carlisle's battery, on the afternoon of the 27th June, 1862. Although disabled and unable to stand without crutches, he remained with Lieutenant Ames' battery after his own had been withdrawn, and directed and encouraged the men until the firing ceased. He remained with the battery until it was withdrawn, after night-fall. On this occasion Captain Carlisle's (Second Artillery) conduct was also admirable. Other officers of the batteries doubtless behaved with gallantry and skill; all, however, with the exception of those mentioned above, were most of the time on detached service. I was therefore deprived of the opportunity of observing their conduct.

Asst. Surg. John w. S. Gouley, U. S. Army, the medical officer of the brigade, was on the field on the 27th June. On this occasion and at the battle of Malvern his professional services in the care and treatment of the wounded were invaluable.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GETTY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT,

Commanding Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 102. Reports of Lieutenant Alanson M. Randol,

Battery E, First U. S. Artillery, of operations May 27-June 30, including the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA.

July 6, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my battery, E, First Artillery, arrived in camp near New Bridge May 27. On June 1 I was ordered with my whole battery to a position near one of the bridges on the Chickahominy, and remained there until about sunset, when I was relieved by part of the Maryland Artillery. The whole battery was again on picket at New Bridge June 5, remaining in position twenty-

