
four hours. On the 9th of June the right and left sections were again on picket-the right at New Bridge and the left at the bridge immediately below it. On the 11th of June I crossed the Chickahominy to Camp Lincoln. On the 27th of June, while the battle was in progress beyond the Chickahominy, my battery was hitched up and in readiness, but did not leave camp until the morning of the 28th, when it took a position to command the bridge-Lieutenant Hill and the right section on the road near the bridge, Lieutenant Olcott and the left section at the bridge immediately below, the center section movable. As soon as the bridge was destroyed Lieutenant Hill moved his section back some 200 yards, and took up a position to command the bridge.

At about 11 o'clock p.m. the order was given to retreat, and I marched all night and part of the next day, crossing White Oak Swamp, and coming into the temporary camp of the Artillery Reserve about 11 a.m. on the 29th. Toward evening, in compliance with your orders, I reported with my battery to General McCall on the New Market road, and was placed by him on picket during night. On the 30th of June my whole battery was engaged in action with the enemy until about 4.30 p.m., when my supports became panic-struck and ran. My cannoneers were driven from their posts with the bayonet and my guns were taken. I rallied a few companies of the supporting regiment and retook my guns, but was unable to hold them or remove them from the field. I then joined the remnant of my battery, and reported with them at City Point same night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. RANDOL,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. GETTY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA.

July 7, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with your orders I left the temporary camp of the Artillery Reserve, near White Oak Swamp, on the evening of the 28th of June, in company with Benson's battery, and reported to General McCall on the New Market road, near the junction of the road leading to Malvern Hill.

At dusk we proceeded about a mile and a half along the New Market road, when I was ordered by General McCall to place the battery in position in a field on the right of the road and await further orders. The position designated by the general was at the foot of a hill covered with small trees and underbrush, the soil swampy. Supposing that the field was selected merely for an encampment for the night, and not for a position of defense, I made no objection to entering it. Fortunately the enemy did not make his appearance, and nothing of importance occurred during the night except three disgraceful stampedes by the infantry of McCall's division. About an hour before daybreak an aide of General McCall's informed me that the division was on the wrong road, having moved too far to the west, and ordered me to hitch in and follow them to the junction of the two roads above mentioned. I did so, and on applying to General McCall for further orders was told to remain where I was.

