
CAMP OF ARTILLERY RESERVE,

July 25, 1862.

GENERAL: In my official report of the battle of New Market I stated it was the Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves that rushed toward the enemy, received one volley, broke and ran, charging through my battery. Since then I have been led to believe, from testimony given in court of inquiry and statement made to me by Colonel Magilton, that I was mistaken about the number of the regiment. My mistake arose from the fact that Colonel Magilton's regiment was early in the engagement posted between my limbers and caissons, and I was not then aware he had changed his position and another regiment taken his place. In justice to Colonel Magilton I would therefore respectfully request that so much of my report as designates the number of the regiment be corrected, the rest of the report remaining unaltered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. RANDOL,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery.

Brigadier General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Corps, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 103. Report of Lieutenant Samuel S. Elder,

Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, of operations June 27-July 3.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S BEND,

July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that having been temporarily transferred to Light Company K, First Artillery, I assumed command of that company June 26, 1862, at Camp Lincoln, near Trent's house, on the Chickahominy. On the 27th I was ordered to proceed to the front with the battery of maneuver and remained in line on the plain near the headquarters of Brigadier-General Smith until the evening of the 28th, when I was ordered to place two sections of my battery on the right and front of our line of intrenchments at that point, which was done under a brisk fire of the enemy's musketry, with no other casualty than the loss of one man mortally wounded. Private James Kellian, of Company G, First Artillery, who has since died. My remaining section was in the mean time placed to command the bridge over the Chickahominy, which had been partially destroyed. On the 29th the sections were withdrawn and the battery placed in position about 1,200 yards in rear of our line of intrenchments.

About 9 o'clock a.m. of the same day the battery was withdrawn, and after a tedious march joined the Artillery Reserve in camp near the crossing of the White Oak Swamp about noon of the 30th. I was here directed to report to Major-General Keyes, and by him ordered to place myself under command of Brigadier-General Couch, and under his orders arrived on the James River on the morning of July 1, 1862, at a point near Turkey Bridge. In compliance with orders from General Keyes I placed my right section in battery on an elevation commanding Turkey Bridge, masking the pieces, and the remaining four pieces in position on the right of the general's headquarters. On the 2nd of

17 R R-VOL XI, II

