
about 4 o'clock where it remained until noon of the next day, when it was ordered to the rear again and placed in line of battle in Smith's division. About 5 o'clock it was withdrawn, marched to the bottom on the river, where it was parked till 1 a. m. on the 2nd July, when it resumed the march for the camp now occupied by the Artillery Reserve, where it arrived at 6 a.m. At noon on the 3rd July the battery was again in line of battle in Smith's division, where it now remains.

From the 30th June to the 4th July the men were without rations except such food as could be found without apparent owners on the road, with the exception of a little hard bread and coffee issued at the landing on the 2nd July.

I have expended to date 11 round shell, 10 solid shot, and 6 spherical case.

The right piece, under Lieutenant Dickenson, fired a few rounds during the battle of Monday. The rest of the ammunition has been expended on picket or advanced duty. One man disappeared on the night of the 1st July, supposed to have straggled and been taken prisoner.

Two horses (one unserviceable) were lost on the march. No other casualty or loss of material has occurred, and the battery is now entirely serviceable. It will be seen that the battery has not been without its share of severe work, though deprived of the more agreeable duty of engaging in action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Colonel GEORGE W. GETTY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 105. Reports of Lieutenant Adelbert Ames,

Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S BAR LANDING, VA.

July 5, 1862.

SIR: On the 27th of June last Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, was ordered into position near the banks of the Chickahominy River in front of General Smith's lines. About 12 o'clock a heavy cannonade was opened upon us by five rebel batteries, four of which were in field works. Their distances varied from 800 to 1,500 yards and their fire converging. After a cannonading of about an hour and a half they were silenced. Their loss is supposed to have been considerable. During the afternoon all the batteries but my own were withdrawn, the firing having ceased. At about sunset a brisk fire was opened on us. It continued fifteen or twenty minutes. The enemy's guns numbered at least twenty and their practice very good.

During both engagements our guns were served with coolness and effect. The amount of ammunition I expended was 273 rounds.

My officers, First Lieutenant W. D. Fuller, Third Artillery, and Second Lieuts. J. Gilliss, and George W. Crabb, Fifth Artillery, conducted themselves most creditably. I consider it my duty to call your attention to the gallant conduct of First S. N. Benjamin, Second Artillery. Although lame and obliged to use crutches he remained on the

