
field after his own battery had retired, and greatly assisted me in the second cannonading.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery A.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. GETTY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S BAR LANDING, VA.

July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the engagement of Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, in the battle of July 1, 1862:

The battery was in position in a field at distances varying from 400 to 1,100 yards from woods occupied by the enemy. In the forenoon a heavy cannonading was opened upon us and continued at intervals during the day. Early in the afternoon the enemy charged a battery on our right, but were entirely cut up, with loss of their colors. In this instance our canister were very effective. Vigorous attempts were afterward made by heavy masses to turn our left. A heavy artillery fire was poured into them, canister being used from time to time. After night-fall all our ammunition but a few rounds of canister was expended. To use them to advantage we maintained our position for some time under a heavy musketry fire. During the battle 1,392 rounds of ammunition were expended. To obtain this quantity the caissons were sent to the rear as soon as emptied. Had not the ammunition train been removed we would not have failed of ammunition at any time.

During the time we were in position two or three batteries were successively in position on our left and three or four on our right, being relieved as their ammunition was expended.

My officers, First Lieutenant W. D. Fuller, Third Artillery, and Second Lieuts. J. Gilliss and George W. Crabb, Fifth Artillery, behaved with great coolness and bravery, and ably seconded all my efforts. My non-commissioned officers made themselves conspicuous by their bravery and skill in handling their guns. Every private of the battery nobly did his duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. AMES,

First Lieutenant, fifth Artillery, commanding Battery A.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. GETTY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 106. Reports of Captain John R. Smead,

Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations May 11-July 2, including the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill and engagement at Turkey Bridge.

CAMP AT HARRISON'S LANDING, JAMES RIVER, VA.,

July 6, 1862.

COLONEL: Having been directed to submit a report of the movements of my battery, K, Fifth Artillery, since leaving Roper's Church,

