
I have the honor to state the battery reached that point on Sunday, May 11, and from there marched to the camp of the Artillery Reserve near New Bridge over the Chickahominy River, reaching the latter place on May 28, passing Cumberland May 13, and White House May 17.

On June 1 and 2 the battery was in position covering the construction of Upper Bridge over the Chickahominy River opposite William Gaines' house. Four shots were fired (high) over the battery from the enemy's guns. June 6 Lieutenant Piper went with his section to guard New Bridge, and Lieutenant Brewerton with his to Upper Bridge. They were relieved June 7. Sent again on the 11th and relieved on the 13th.

June 13 the Artillery Reserve, except my own and one 20-pounder Parrott battery, crossed the Chickahominy. I was ordered to report for orders to General Fitz John Porter. Jun 17 the battery went on duty at New Bridge in position behind a breastwork. About 3 o'clock p.m. June 18, by order of General Porter, the battery fired about a dozen shots at the enemy's battery near Mrs. Price's house, to draw its fire. The battery opened upon us very briskly. As my shells did not quite reach only the above number of rounds were fired, but the enemy continued to shell us for nearly an hour, bursting them close in front of and over the breastwork. My men lay close under the epaulement, and none were injured. My horses I had sent back to camp. The shells thrown were 10-pounder Parrott and 3-inch. Three spokes of one of my gun-carriage wheels were cut. The paulins spread between the guns to shade the men were much cut by fragments of shell, one having twelve holes through it. an empty camp-kettle, standing a few yards in rear of the battery, had a Parrott shot through both sides without moving or upsetting it. The battery was relieved on the 18th. June 22 Lieutenant Brewerton was posted again at Upper Bridge and relieved on the 23d. June 24 I received orders to report with the battery for temporary duty with General McCall's division. General Reynolds, of that division, directed me to place one section to command the Mechanicsville Lower road. I sent Lieutenant Piper with his section. June 25 Lieutenant Brewerton was detached by orders from headquarters Artillery Reserve, and sent to report to Captain Gibson, Third Artillery. Lieutenant Van Reed with his section relieved Lieutenant Piper. June 26 I was directed by General Reynolds to take my remaining section and occupy the small breastwork on the Upper Mechanicsville road. During the afternoon the enemy attacked in force with artillery and infantry.

In this battle my battery was divided as above stated, Lieutenant Piper commanding the right and Lieutenant Van Reed the left section. Lieutenant Piper was severely, but I am happy to say not dangerously, wounded by a musket-ball in the right hip early in the action. I was then obliged to remain with his section and unable to superintend the section under Lieutenant Van Reed. However, I am glad to be able to say that General Seymour informed me that Lieutenant Van Reed handled his guns well and did very efficient service. Lieutenant Piper also did good service at short ranges with shrapnel and canister. Private John Duffy, of Lieutenant Piper's section, was killed by a musketball through the forehead. Three horses of Lieutenant Piper's section were wounded. In Lieutenant Van Reed's section James Sullivan, a private of Captain Taft's company, of New York Volunteer Artillery, temporarily attached to my battery, was wounded by a fragment of shell. He went to the rear and had been missing since-supposed to have died. Three horses were killed in Lieutenant Van Reed's section.

