
In this battle the battery (four guns) expended about 350 rounds of ammunition-shell, shrapnel, and some canister.

At daybreak, June 27, I was directed to withdraw and united the sections. I remained with General McCall's division near Adams' house, between Gaines' Mill and Woodbury's Bridge, until about 11 o'clock a.m., and was then ordered across the Chickahominy to obtain ammunition, forage, and rations, my wagons having been sent across the day previous. In the afternoon the battery returned to the field north of the Chickahominy, where the battle of 27th of June was then progressing, and got into position at the close of the battle in time to give the advancing enemy 40 or 50 rounds of shell and shrapnel. The battery was under their artillery fire for a short time, but without loss of men. Lieutenant Van Reed's horse was wounded at this times by a fragment of shell.

About 2 o'clock a.m. June 28 the battery was ordered across the Chickahominy, and took position to cover the crossing at Woodbury's Bridge. There it remained until after dark on the same day, when I was ordered to report to Colonel Getty, commanding Second Brigade Artillery Reserve, and marched with his brigade to White Oak Swamp Bridge, arriving there about 10 o'clock a.m. June 29, and remaining in harness until the morning of June 30, when the battery moved to Turkey Island Bridge and took position on the bluff to the left of the Malvern house, to sweep the lower Richmond road. During that afternoon a battery of the enemy of four guns, apparently, opened fire upon us, about 900 yards from and nearly opposite to my position. Captain Voegelee's 20 pounder Parrott, Captain Weed's 3-inch, and my battery of 12-pounders returned the fire and soon silenced the enemy's battery. I have been informed that two guns and 30 dead horses were found at that point next morning.

On the morning of July 1 my battery was withdrawn from its position. About sunset I received orders to place it at the gorge of the woods just in rear of the battle-field, and to hold this point as long as possible in case our troops should be driven back. I was thankful the emergency did not arise which would have called the battery into action.

About 11 o'clock p.m. I was ordered to march to this place, where I arrived at daylight on the 2nd of July, with my men and horses nearly exhausted with the fatigues of the past week. My horses were in harness from June 25 until July 2. My officers and men bore up under their fatigue without complaint and behaved gallantly in action, and on arriving here not one was missing, except those killed or wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers R. SMEAD,

Captain, Fifth Artillery.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT,

Commanding Artillery Reserve, Army of the Potomac.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING,

James River, Va., July 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my battery during the battles of the 26th and 27th of June and on the march to this point:

Battery K, Fifth Artillery (4-gun battery), belonging to the Artillery Reserve, under my command, was temporarily attached to General McCall's division on thee 24th of June, and one section placed in position near the mill to sweep the lower road from Mechanicsville. About noon

