
on the 26th of June the remaining section; Lieutenant Piper's, I placed by direction of General Reynolds, in the small earthwork on the upper road from Mechanicsville (the one leading to Old Church). Lieutenant Van Reed commanded the other section, placed as stated above. Between 4 and 5 o'clock the enemy attacked in force with artillery and infantry. My first section being on a hill, fire was opened as soon as the enemy appeared on the opposite one, the distance being some 700 yards, a small creek and marshy ground lying between the hills. The enemy approached down toward the creek several times to within 400 yards, when I opened upon them with canister, and I think with considerable effect. The fire, both of the artillery and infantry, was quite severe, but my position and the breastwork saved me from many casualties. Lieutenant Piper's section was first engaged, being on the right. When I heard that the section under Lieutenant Van Reed had opened fire I wished to proceeded to it to superintend it, but just at this moment Lieutenant Piper was wounded, and I remained to take charge of his section. On this account I cannot speak from my own observation of Lieutenant Van Reed's section, but I was informed by General Seymour, who witnessed its fire, that Lieutenant Van Reed handled his guns well and did efficient service. Lieutenant Van Reed speaks well of the conduct of his men.

Lieutenant Piper showed great coolness and judgment in directing the fire of his guns, while the good conduct of his men was only what I had expected from the good order and discipline he has always maintained in his section.

At daylight on the 27th of June, in obedience to orders, I united the two sections and moved the battery to the neighborhood of Adams' house, between Gaines' Mill and Woodbury's Bridge. About 11 a.m. I was ordered to cross the Chickahominy for ammunition and then recross by the Grapevine Bridge. This was countermanded, however, and I recrossed by Woodbury's Bridge, and endeavored to find General Reynolds on the field. The battle was then progressing. I could not the general, nor Generals McCall, Seymour, or Meade, and not being able to find a position that was not already occupied by a battery, I kept my battery ready for any emergency that might arise.

At the close of the fight, on the approach of the enemy, I came into battery, and fired some 30 or 40 rounds of shell and shrapnel. At this point Lieutenant Van Reed's horse was wounded, but no men were hurt.

The night of the 27th of June the battery stood in park without unharnessing until about 2 a.m. (28th), and then moved across the Chickahominy and took a position to cover the crossing of the troops. After dark on the 28th, having joined the Artillery Reserve again, the battery marched with it, arriving at White Oak Swamp Bridge about 10 o'clock June 29, remaining with horses harnessed until the morning of June 30, when the battery marched to Turkey Island Bridge, and was placed in position on the bluff to the left of the brick house. During the afternoon four guns opened from a point in the woods skirting the road from Richmond nearly opposite my battery, about 800 or 900 yards distant. I opened fire on them, together with two other batteries on my right. The enemy's battery was silenced. I was informed next morning that two pieces and 30 dead horses were left at that spot. The next morning, July 1, the battery was withdrawn to give place to the siege guns and stood in harness until evening, when I received orders to place the battery at the gorge of the woods just in rear of the battle-field of July 1, to hold the enemy in check in case our troops were driven back. I placed the battery and loaded with double

