
canister, but was very happy to find my services were not needed on that occasion. About 11 p.m. I received orders to move to this place, which I reached about daylight on the 2nd July, and removed the harness from my horses for the first time since June 25. The men of the battery bore up wonderfully well under the fatigue, loss of sleep, and short food from the day of the first action at Mechanicsville to their arrival here. Although a new battery, in a new regiment, I think they have established their claim to the title of old soldiers of the Regular Army. I am proud to say that in action my officers and men behaved like men, and when I reached here none were missing except the killed and wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

JNumbers R. SMEAD,

Captain Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery K.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE, Asst. Adjt. General, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 107. Report of Major Albert Arndt,

First Battalion New York Light Artillery, commanding Third Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of action at Garnett's Farm, the battles of Gaines' Mill and Glendale, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S BAR, VA.

July 7, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report respectfully about the position and activity of the batteries under my command during the time from the 27th of June to the 1st of July:

On the 27th day of June at 5 o'clock a.m., I was ordered, with three batteries (Captain Diederichs', Knieriem's, and Grimm's), in front of General Smith's division, where I took position in the following order: Grimm's was placed on the left of the redoubt and close to the siege pieces, in order to shell the enemy's redoubt. After a few shot he was stopped firing by order of Colonel Getty. Knieriem's was posted just in front of our redoubt, and began about 11 o'clock p.m. firing at the enemy, who came down Gaines' Hill in great force. Diederichs' was placed, by order of General Smith, to the right of the redoubt, close to the ravine, with the object to sweep the ground in front and to shell the wood to his left, but after a few shots he had to cease firing because some of his shells wounded our own men. After this battery had been nearly an hour inactive, and while the enemy continued marching down Gaines' Hill, I met General Barry, and asked his permission to bring Diederichs' battery in the same position as Knieriem's, in order to increase the fire on Gaines' Hill. My request was granted, and I did in consequence, and according to the acknowledgment of General Porter and my own observation, terrible damage to the rebels. I ceased firing about 7 o'clock p.m., when the rebel batteries opened their firing into our rear, which was silenced by Diederichs' battery in less than half an hour.

Captain Voegelee was during this day in battle on the other side of the Chickahominy, under command of General Sykes. About noon he was placed near the bridge leading over the Chickahominy below Gaines' Mill, and was soon brought into action by a rebel battery 2,000 yards in front. He kept up a brisk fire at the enemy till late in the

