
evening, but could not tell with what effect, as the enemy's batteries had been hidden in the woods. He lost during the engagement 2 men killed, 6 severely wounded, 16 horses, mostly by rifle-balls, and the battery wagon.

On the 28th, at 3 o'clock a.m., I was ordered to return with my batteries to Camp Lincoln, where I was rejoined by Captain Voegelee. About 11 o'clock a.m. I received orders to march to Savage Station, and from there soon to White Oak Swamp. I arrived at 12 o'clock p.m. near the bridge, which I crossed at 4 o'clock on the 29th, and I went into park 1 1/2 miles farther on. In the evening, about 5 o'clock, I received orders to send 8 pieces (Captain Diederichs' and Knieriem's) to the disposal of General McCall.

On the 30th, at 4 o'clock p.m., they were put in position by General McCall himself on a field about 600 or 700 yards square, and surrounded on all sides by woods. On the left wing they commenced shelling the woods. At 4.30 o'clock Knieriem, whose position was about 100 yards in advance of Diederichs', was attacked by infantry on his left flank at a distance of no more than 60 yards, wounding 4 men and killing 22 horses. Two men were missing. In consequence of the loss of horses he had to abandon two caissons. He lost in this action also two pieces, but saved the limbers.

The moment Knieriem had left his position Diederichs fired at the attacking infantry as long as he had canister and shrapnel, used with very short fuses. Then he also was obliged to withdraw. When entering the road the traces of the wheel horses of a caisson broke, and caused the loss of the hind part of that caisson. Diederichs lost in this action 1 man killed, 1 wounded, 1 missing, and 12 horses killed.

With Voegelee's and Grimm's batteries I arrived about noon at the heights of the James River, and went into battery on the right of the road. Toward evening the enemy opened fire with a heavy battery from the woods, which was, however, soon silenced by Captain Voegelee, in conjunction with several other batteries. I sustained no loss whatever.

On the 1st of July Voegelee's battery remained in the same position as the day before. Diederichs and Knieriem I brought in position to the right of our center, where they silenced a rebel battery about 7 o'clock p.m. Grimm's battery was all the day in position in front of the hospital without firing. Toward evening he was brought up in pursuit of the enemy, whence he returned about 10 o'clock.

At 12 o'clock we began to march to this camp, where we arrived at 8 o'clock on the 2nd of July, with no other loss than three wagons.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT ARNDT, Major.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT, U. S. A., Commanding Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 108. Report of Captain John W. Wolcott,

Battery A, Maryland Light Artillery of operations June 26-July 1, including the battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP OF ARTILLERY RESERVE,

Near Harrison's Bar, Va., July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Thursday 26, after the action near Mechanicsville had commenced, four pieces of my bat-

