
tery were ordered to the Grapevine Bridge, where they remained, under command of First Lieutenant James H. Rigby, until the following day without being brought into action. On Friday, the 27th, my battery was not under orders, and remained in park. On Saturday, the 28th, while my battery was in position guarding the Woodbury Bridge over the Chickahominy, my guidon-bearer named Randolph M. Ridgley, was wounded by the explosion of a shell. Leaving the above position, in compliance with orders, at about 11 o'clock p.m. the same evening, I arrived at the bridge across the brook at White Oak Swamp the following noon, where I encamped and rested my command until the following morning. Leaving our place of encampment near the White Oak Swamp Bridge early Monday, June 30, I arrived at Malvern, near the James River, on the afternoon of the same day, and at about 3 o'clock p.m. was ordered into position near the brick house, which was used as s hospital where I remained until Tuesday without seeing signs of the presence of the enemy. At about 9, however, in the morning the rebels opened with artillery, and kept up a galling fire from the cover of the woods at long range for more than two hours, during which time I had 2 men wounded and 1 horse injured.

At about 11 o'clock, in obedience to orders, I withdrew my battery to a less exposed situation, where I remained until about 3 o'clock p.m., when I received from Colonel Getty an order to report to General Sumner. I at once proceeded with my command and was placed by General Sumner upon the right of his line, to enfilade two rebel batteries which were engaging our center and which were about 1,600 yards distant. Here I remained, firing at intervals and with effect as occasion seemed to require, during the afternoon, and receiving a return fire, which passed over our heads and inflicted no injury. At about 10 o'clock in the evening I received your order to prepare for a march, and immediately limbered up and left, reaching this place at about 7 o'clock the following morning. The names of the two men wounded,as mentioned above, are Privates Crawford and McNulty. The injuries received are not severe.

I have to report as missing Lieutenant Francis I. Witcher, who became separated from me on Monday, June 30. He had been ill for two or his prolonged absence. Private George W. Dougherty has also been missing since the morning of June 30, and is doubtless a prisoner. My loss of horses, which were disabled on the march and abandoned, is 4.

In conclusion, I am gratified to be able to state that during the whole of the fatigue and peril of the past week the officers and men of my command have conducted themselves with entire propriety and in a manner which reflects credit upon them and upon the State to which they belong.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. WOLCOTT,

Captain Battery A, First Maryland Light Artillery.

Major PETHERBRIDGE,

Commanding First Division, Maryland Light Artillery.

