
I have the pleasure of reporting gallant conduct on the part of my whole command, both officers and men, but regret to state that the casualties amounted to 2 killed and 18 wounded. Lieutenant Vanneman, whilst bravely directing the fire of his section, fell, struck by pieces of shell on the breast and each leg, wounding him severely. Lieutenant Parker, whilst superintending the supply of ammunition had his horse killed under him, but mounting another coolly continued his duties. When Lieutenant Vanneman was carried off the field Adjutant Bigelow, of the battalion, took charge of his section and fought it gallantly until the close of the fight, and was shot through the left fore-arm during the engagement. I left one spare wheel on the field, having to throw it off to bring in a piece whose limber had gone to the rear for supplies. Two spare wheels were broken by shell. Six horses were killed and five wounded and unserviceable. Owing to the darkness one of my dead was left in the field. The other was brought off and has since been buried. The division of the battery prevented that care of the wounded which it would have been my pleasure to have rendered. Some of our wounded were left on the field, and those severely wounded who were taken to the hospitals have not since been heard from Lieutenant Vanneman and Corporal Taylor excepted, who were placed on steamers at this place.

ALONZO SNOW,

Captain, Battery B, Maryland Artillery.

Major E. R. PETHERBRIDGE.

Numbers 110. Report of Captain J. Howard,

Carlisle, Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, and Fifth Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of operations June 27-July 4, including the action at Garnett's Farm, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA.,

July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations of Battery E, Second Artillery, from Friday, June 27, up to July 4, 1862:

On Wednesday, the 25th of June, the battery took position near Golding's house, returning to camp at 9 p.m. At 3 a.m. the next morning again took position near Golding's, by order from general headquarters. On Friday, the 27th, the battery was ordered to occupy a position in the large wheat field near Garnett's house, where intrenchments had been commenced. Threatening demonstrations of the enemy drove the working parties from the field, and the battery was ordered to take position on a knoll about 700 yards in rear of the unfinished intrenchments. On this knoll were also five 30-pounder Parrott guns and battery A, of Fifth Artillery (light 12-pounder). An opening through the woods gave us a sweep of fire over a portion of the wheat field.

At about 12 m. the enemy opened fire upon us, which was returned and the firing soon became hot on both sides. The position of the enemy's guns commanded ours, and they had the advantage of being nearly concealed by the crests in the field. Their guns were 6-pounders, 12-pounders, and rifled pieces of unknown caliber, and their firing rapid

