
and true. Their fuses were also well timed, shell and shrapnel exploding among and around our guns with rapidity and precision. Our fire soon caused them to change position, but they immediately reopened fire from a new position, firing probably from about twenty-four guns and from their redoubts, placing us under a fire from the front and two oblique fires. Our limber-boxes being exhausted, two caissons were brought up and the fire kept up with as much rapidity, but with deliberate him. We were crowded close together, owing to the nature of the ground, making us a fine target. The enemy also frequently changed position. The fire was very hot for about an hour and a half and then quickly died away. During the last twenty minutes of the firing the enemy used but little shell. Our range varied from 900 yards to 1,700 yards with the enemy's change of position. Two men were killed at the guns and 2 wounded. Four horses were killed and 3 disabled. One wheel was broken by a shot; also a sponge-staff and a maneuvering handspike shot from the trail. Two of the other gun-carriages were marked by shot, but not injured, and our guidon torn and burned by shrapnel. Near sunset the battery was ordered to return to Golding's. The battery had hardly arrived at Golding's before the enemy shelled the plain vigorously, and then made a sharp attack on Hancock's brigade, stationed in the woods in front of the small redoubt. The battery was ordered up to shell the woods if the enemy should succeed in driven our troops out. The attack lasted about an hour. The battery did not fire.

The next morning (June 28), about 8 a.m., we were ordered to take a position near Courtney's house. The enemy threw some shells after us without effect as we left. We took position in battery in front of Courtney's, and remained there until 12 at night, when we were ordered to march through the White Oak Swamp. A stampede of teamsters took place on the road in front of us when in the woods at about 3 a.m., the 29th of June (Sunday). The men acted admirably; all perfectly cool and ready for action, in spite of the confusion and terror of the teamsters and the guard to the train.

About noon we crossed White Oak Swamp Bridge, and went into part without unhitching near Brettin's house, then used as general headquarters. About 3 p.m. we took position in battery to sweep the approaches to the bridge by order of General Marcy. At night we unhitched for the first time since the evening of the 26th.

On the morning of the 30th, at 5 o'clock, in obedience to an order from general headquarters, we continued our march toward the James River. At noon we halted at the brick house and unhitched. One of the chiefs of pieces had to be taken in an ambulance, leaving but 5 non-commissioned officers with the battery. About 2 p.m. we hitched in and took position in battery, by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Hays, of the Second Artillery. By order of Colonel Hunt we limbered up and again took position in battery near the house since used as a hospital. The enemy, at about 5 p.m., opened fire from the low ground to our left, which was returned by one of the German batteries. The battery changed front, moved forward, and opened fire. The gunboats also fired, and in about half an hour the enemy withdrew. The battery again moved forward and to the right, taking position on the crest of the hill, facing nearly to the northwest.

On Tuesday morning, July 1, about 10 o'clock the enemy opened fire and shelled the plain. In the afternoon when the attack was made on our troops we shelled the woods to the left of the position of the regular infantry for some time, and one of the enemy's batteries ap-

