
pearing shelled it and drove it from its position. The range was about 2,600 yards. Our shells burst among their guns with great precision after we had got the range. Afterward, toward dusk, we again shelled the woods up the valley and to our left, it being reported that the enemy were advancing from that direction. Later in the evening, at the request of General Butterfield, we threw a shells in the woods. Corporal Scheerer died in an ambulances this day. He did his duty well and faithfully till the day before his death. At 11.30 p.m. the battery started for Harrison's Landing, arriving at 4 a.m. July 2. The evening of the 3rd instant the battery moved to its present camp.

During this time the men bore the fatigue and deprivation of sleep and food without a murmur, and were ever ready and eager for action. Although the ammunition was economized with the greatest care nearly 800 rounds have been fired. With the battery I had First Lieutenant Samuel N. Benjamin, Second Artillery; Second Lieutenant W. P. Graves, Second Artillery, and Second Lieutenant J. P. Denike, Fifth New York Independent Battery (temporarily attached), who during all of this time conducted themselves with gallantry and fortitude. Lieutenant Benjamin deserves very particular mention. As he has served much under your own immediate observation, it is unnecessary for me to recount his valor and untiring energy from the day the battery left Washington, and in the affairs of the last week he was always present with the battery, directing and encouraging the men, although so entirely disabled as to be unable to stand without crutches, and could only be carried on a gun-carriage. I would respectfully request that the particular attention of the general commanding be called to his service. First Sergt. Joseph Keeffe, of this battery, rendered as he has during the whole of this campaign, invaluable service. I would respectfully recommend him for promotion.

In connection with this report of the battery I would call your attention to Captain E. D. Taft, Fifth New York Independent Battery, who has been by your order for months attached to the brigade under my command. His services have been of the greatest importance. His courage, perseverance, and endurance have been of the highest order, and are deserving of all praise and of the highest consideration of the Government.

I have the honor, to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOWARD CARLISLE,

Captain, 2nd Arty., Commanding, Bat. E, 2nd Arty., and 5th Brigadier Arty. Res.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT,

A. D. C., Commanding Artillery Reserve.

Numbers 111. Report of Captain La Rhett L. Livingston,

commanding Batteries F and K, Third U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP AT HARRISON'S LANDING, VA.,

July 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 1st instant I engaged the enemy with my battery at about 10 a.m. My firing first commenced on the enemy's infantry, who debouched from the woods on my right and front. They soon retired, however. An hour later

