
the enemy opened fire from some guns directly in front of us, and very soon after his infantry advanced from that point. They were soon driven back. About this time they made another attempt on the right, advancing in line in fine style. Here I had an enfilading fire on them with two of my guns, assisting in driving them back, and in such haste and disorder that they left their colors on the field. While this was going on they advanced again in front, but did not succeed in getting nearer the battery than 400 yards. About 4.30 p.m. my battery was relieved by Captain Edward's battery, Third Artillery, and I went to the rear for a supply of ammunition, my case-shot and shell being almost exhausted. My men behaved with coolness and served the guns admirably. The officers, Lieutenant Turnbull, Barstow, and Cuyler, are deserving of honorable mention. Sergeant Parke, of Company F, was dangerously wounded in the groin in the first of the engagement.

Private McCabe, of Company K, was very slightly wounded in the arm. Two horses were killed and 2 wounded. No injury was done to the carriages or other material.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LA RHETT L. LIVINGSTON,

Captain, Third Artillery Commanding.

Captain J. H. CARLISLE,

Commanding Fifth Brigade, Arty., Res., Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 112. Report of Brigadier General George W. Morell,

U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battle of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. MORELL'S DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS (PORTER'S),Harrison's Bar, Va, July 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division from the 25th of June last to the 2nd of July:

On Wednesday, the 25th of June, whilst encamped on the north bank of the Chickahominy, at Gaines' Mill, near New Bridge, having received orders from the headquarters of the corps to detail two regiments of not less than 500 men each to report that evening to General Stoneman for special service, I directed Generals Martindale and Butterfield to designate each from his own brigade a regiment for that purpose. The former detailed the Eighteenth Massachusetts, Colonel Barnes, and the latter the Seventeenth New York, Colonel New Lansing, and these regiments remained with General Stoneman till the 2nd of July, when they rejoined the division at Harrison's Bar, on the James River.

Reports having been received on the morning of the 26th (Thursday) that the enemy were crossing the Chickahominy in force at Mechanicsville and Meadow Bridge, I was ordered to send one brigade to Mechanicsville, one to Old Church via Cold Harbor, and to retain one in camp to take to the support of either, as circumstances should require. I ordered the First Brigade, General Martindale, with Martin's battery (C, Massachusetts), which was joined afterward by Kingsbury (D, Fifth U. S. Artillery), to Mechanicsville, or Beaver Creek, to take position on the extreme right, near Richardson's; the Third Brigade, General Butterfield, with Allen's (E, Massachusetts) battery, Lieutenant Hyde com-

