
situation. I had barely completed these arrangements before the enemy appeared ascending the hill near Mellert's house, and opened fire upon the Fourteenth New York Regiment, which promptly advanced to meet them, and after a sharp engagement, in which three attacks were repulsed, drove them away. The attempt in that quarter was not renewed.

Simultaneously with the attack on the left of my rear a most determined and powerful one was made on my left front. The enemy in great force emerged from the woods, and notwithstanding the severe fire from the batteries, advanced steadily until they arrived near them, when the supporting regiments-the Fourth Michigan, Colonel Woodbury; Ninth Massachusetts, Colonel Cass, and Sixty-second Pennsylvania, Captain Hull-gallantly moved forward and repulsed them; but being re-enforced by fires troops, who extended their line on the right and left, these regiments were compelled to fall back to their former position, where they maintained their ground until their ammunition was exhausted, and they were regularly relieved by the Twelfth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson; Forty-fourth New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, and Eighty-third Pennsylvania, Captain Campbell, and these, supported by the First Michigan, Colonel H. S. Roberts; Twenty-second Massachusetts, Captain Sampson; Second Maine, Colonel C. W. Roberts; Twenty-fifth New York, Captain Gleason, and Sixteenth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Ruehle, continued the fight against unequal numbers until they were in turn relieved by part of Sykes' division and the Irish Brigade, General Meagher, which, having been sent to our aid, was led into action by its own commander and General Porter.

It was now after 7 o'clock. The enemy, constantly re-enforced, fought with great obstinacy, but made no impression on our line; yet they continued the struggle till after dark, and only relinquished it when their strength was exhausted. They were finally driven from the field, which remained in our possession, and was picketed from my division by the First Brigade, the Sixteenth Michigan, of the Third, and the Fourteenth New York Volunteers, of the Second Brigade, this last regiment retaining the position it held in the morning. The Second Brigade, with the exception of the fourteenth New York, when relieved retired to the vicinity of Malvern House, and the Third a little to the rear of their position before going into action. Having received orders about 11 p.m. to go down the James River to Harrison's Bar, I put my division in motion as soon as practicable, and arrived there near sunrise the morning of Wednesday, July 2.

I cannot speak too highly of the endurance and courage displayed by officers and men during the period embraced in this report. From the moment we were summoned to Mechanicsville till we arrived at Harrison's they were constantly on the alert, and though without shelter and at times almost without food, they responded with the utmost alacrity to every call to duty. At Gaines' Mill the flag of the First Tennessee Regiment was taken by the Thirteenth New York, and that of the Fifth Alabama, which was stricken down by the fire of Buckley's section of artillery, was secured by the Second Maine. At Malvern a flag was captured in a charge made by the Forty-fourth New York and Eighty-third Pennsylvania, which fell into the hands of the last regiment. At Malvern the flag of the Sixty-second Pennsylvania was five times cut down, but quickly raised again and carried, displayed by the regiment from the field. The Fourth Michigan nobly held its ground after its colonel (Woodbury) was killed until its ammunition

