
my appeals and gathered large squads of men. Seeing the revel cavalry forming in line in the field on the left of the woods which they had taken possession of, and having little confidence in the men, I set them to cheering, when the enemy, thinking, perhaps, we had been re-enforced, retired, and we crossed the bridge in good order.

On Monday night, the 30th ultimo, we lay on our arms near where I had previously posted my men, where an attack was anticipated on our right. On Tuesday morning, being unable to find General Morell, and learning that the enemy was approaching, I marched my command to the front and was about to deploy them as skirmishers, when General Porter came along, and he approving my suggestion, I posted them in front of the batteries, where they remained all day, receiving and repelling the enemy's skirmishers, and received the rebel infantry in the afternoon standing firm and firing with great rapidity and coolness until the enemy's line was within grape-range of our artillery, when they fell back with the Fourth Michigan, firing constantly.

At this period it became necessary to have re-enforcements, and a the request of the commanding officer of the Fourth Michigan, Lieutenant Colonel W. Y. W. Ripley, of my regiment, went back and got two regiments, first the Twelfth New York and afterward the Fourteenth New York, which arrived just in time to save the left wing. Lieutenant-Colonel Ripley behaved with great bravery and coolness. The same may be said of my whole command, with a few exceptions, including the companies on detached service, as I have learned from the general commanding. Companies C and G were in General McCall's division, and were in the engagement at Mechanicsville, and covered the retreat on the morning of the 27th. They were also in the battle at Gaines' Mill. Companies A and D helped to cover the retreat in Smith's division Company H in Richardson's, and Company B in Hooker's.

My men have all been in several engagement and are almost wornout, but are in good spirits.

One officer and 7 men killed; 4 officers and 131 men wounded; 13 men missing; 14 men left sic in hospital.

Respectfully,

H. BERDAN,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Sharpshooter.

Captain R. T. AUCHMUTY.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Berdan was not in the fight at Gaines' Mill. What occurred far to the rear near the bridge I do not know of my own knowledge, but I have every reason to believe this statement is highly exaggerated. I refer to the statement marked thus. (*).

GEO. W. MORELL,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 114. Report of Captain George G. Hastings,

First U. S. Sharpshooters, of operations June 29-July 1.
HDQRS. CO. H, FIRST Regiment U. S. SHARPSHOOTERS,Camp at Harrison's Point, Va., July 5, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to the order of the general commanding division, requiring reports from commanding officers in this division of the sev-

