
eral actions at Allen's farm, Savage Station, Nelson's farm, and Malverton, I have the honor to report that on Sunday, 29th June, as soon as our line of battle was formed at Allen's farm, I reported in person to the general commanding the division, who ordered men to deploy my company in such manner as to command by an enfilading fire the road from the Chickahominy. I deployed my company accordingly where the road entered the field occupied by our troops, about 300 yards to the right and rear of our line of battle. No enemy appearing in sight in that direction, but information being brought me that our cavalry scouts had been fired upon about three-quarters of a mile farther down the road, I advanced my men as skirmishers through the wood on the left of the road about three-quarters of a mile to an open field, and took position in the edge of the woods bordering on the field, which position commanded the road and enabled me to observe any movement of the enemy from the direction of the Chickahominy. Communication between me and the main body was maintained by cavalry pickets. I observed only some two or three parties of armed men of three or four each in the edge of the woods on the opposite side of the field, but saw no organized body of the enemy, nor was any hostile demonstration made from that quarter. I sent report of these facts to the general commanding the division, who ordered me to remain in the position I then occupied. I did so during the entire action. When our troops had all withdrawn from the field I assembled my skirmishers, and overtook the rear of the column upon the road to Savage Station. At Savage Station I reported with my command to the general commanding the division, who ordered us to remain where we were until further orders.

Receiving no further orders, we had no part in the action which took place there. From that time I had no orders except to march my command with General Caldwell's brigade. I kept that position in the column of march through White Oak Swamp, and on Monday, 30th of June, formed in line of battle on the right of the Sixty-first New York in supporting our batteries, and remained in line with the brigade until it went into action at Nelson's Farm on the evening of that day. I reported to Colonel Barlow, commanding the Sixty-first New York, who requested me to keep my company on the right of his regiment, which I did, and took my command into action with that regiment, putting myself under Colonel Barlow's orders. His report of that action will render it unnecessary for me to speak of the part which my command bore in it, but I cannot forbear to state that my men stood nobly in the field with the Sixty-first under a terrific fire of musketry from an enemy concealed in the woods evidently far outnumbering our own force there immediately engaged. The conduct of my men was fully satisfactory to me. Lieutenant Peet, of my company, though suffering from sickness, entered eagerly into the battle, and conducted himself with great bravery and perfect coolness. He fell wounded while encouraging and cheering on our men.

In the action at Malverton on the 1st instant my command was not engaged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. HASTINGS,

Captain, First U. S. Sharpshooters, Commanding Company H.

Lieutenant DRAPER,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

