
Numbers 115. Report of Captain William B. Weeden,

Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations May 24-July 2, including the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,Harrison's Bar, Va., July 2, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to hand you the following report of the movements of the battery under my command since it was first stationed at Old Church, Va., Saturday, May 24:

Having reported at headquarters, Brigadier-General Porter commanding corps, the battery was attached to the command of Colonel Warren, commanding brigade, Sykes' division. At 11 a.m., by his order, marched to Old Church, Va., 7 miles, and encamped at dark. May 25 moved camp one-half mile to field opposite Old Church Hotel. May 26 three pieces of the battery,under command of lieutenant Buckley, were ordered on a reconnaissance at 9 a.m., one piece moving with a detachment of the Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry on the road toward Hanover Court-House, two pieces marching with the main body along the northerly road. The two forces made a junction near Hanover town, 6 miles from Old Church, drove in the enemy's pickets, destroyed a bridge across Pamunkey. Battery returned into camp at 7 p.m. May 27, after an hour's delay, caused by the carriages sinking in deep quicksands, by command of Colonel Warren commanding, the battery marched at 8 a.m. by direct road to Hanover Court-House. At 3.30 p.m. the column arrived at the point from which the enemy had been driven by General Morell's force and continued in pursuit on the road to Hanover Court-House.

At about 5 p.m. the column was reversed by command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter, commanding corps, to meet the enemy, who had appeared in rear. The battery was halted in field to right of White House, used as hospital headquarters, and was held in reserve. By command of General Porter it bivouacked on the battle-field at 9 p.m. May 28 moved three-quarters of a mile toward Hanover Court-House and took position to command the roads.

May 29, by command of Colonel Warren, the battery marched on a reconnaissance toward Ashland, passing by Peake's Station. After marching 4 miles three pieces were posted to command the roads to Ashland and the cross-roads, on each side. At 5 p.m. the whole force returned to their camps, and at 7.30 o'clock p.m. we marched 15 miles to Old Church, arriving in part at 12.30 a.m. May 30 marched to New Bridge at 2 p.m., during a heavy thunder-storm, and reported to Captain Charles Griffin, commanding division artillery, at 6.30 p.m. The service of the battery in this expedition was very severe. It rained nearly every day; the roads were bad, and neither horses nor men ever fully recovered from the fatigue.

June 1 I was stationed in position at 5 a.m. to command New Bridge, and returned to camp at dark. From this date until 26th instant the battery remained in camp on Gaines' farm, doing picket duty at bridges once every three days. June 15 pieces, under Lieutenants Waterman and Clark, stationed in intrenchments to the right of New Bridge, opened on the rebel battery to the left of Price's house in intrenchments. Eight rounds of percussion shell and shrapnel were fired, seven of which were seen to take effect. Our advanced pickets ob-

