
Sunday, June 29, at 8 a.m., by command of the division general, we moved to Charles City Cross-Roads; halted until near evening, moved forward about 2 miles, and encamped in the field to the left of the road at 9.30 p.m.

Monday, June 30, at daybreak, by command of the division general we marched about 6 miles, and encamped at 10 a.m. at Turkey Bend. At 3 p.m. by the same command, recrossed the creek and took position on the plateau in the rear of Malvern house and bivouacked for the night.

Tuesday, July 1, by command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter, commanding corps, at 8.30 a.m. we moved to front, and remained in reserve to support General Griffin's command. At 12.30 p.m., by command of Brigadier-General Griffin, we took position on left of the White House, to command the bottom on our left. We fired several rounds into the woods below. One shell from a 30-pounder rifled gun in our rear struck into the battery, killing 2 men instantly wounding 3 others, and killing 2 horses. At about 4 p.m. we moved to the right of the road, and in connection with one section of Allen's Massachusetts battery we relieved Kingsbury's battery and commenced firing with shrapnel, and swept the woods wherever the enemy were known to be. The enemy opened fire from batteries posted under cover of woods opposite Griffin's position. We replied to the with shrapnel and percussion shell. When the enemy deployed his masses of infantry he ceased firing with artillery. This battery maintained a rapid fire until the ammunition was expended, excepting canister, which could not be safely used, owing to the oblique front of General Couch's troops on the right. We were relieved by a battery of 10-pounder Parrotts,and retired about 7 p.m. Lieutenant Phillips' section of the Massachusetts battery, which had done excellent service, withdrew at the same time.

At 12 p.m., by command of the division general, we moved from Malvern house, marched 10 miles, and encamped at Harrison's Bar at 4 a.m. July 2.

The exact amount of ammunition fired cannot be ascertained, as some caissons were lost. The boxes contained 1,200 rounds. June 26, 200 rounds additional were obtained and on the 28th all was expended except 100 rounds canister and shell.

The conduct of officers and the men with very few exceptions was satisfactory. There were many marked instances of heroism. Having been on duty with the division artillery, the immediate command of this battery since June 26, both on march and in action, had devolved on Lieutenant Richard Waterman. He discharged his duties with skill, and at Malvern had two horses shot under him.

The foregoing is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

W. B. WEEDEN,

Captain, Commanding.

Brigadier General GEORGE W. MORELL, Commanding Division.

Numbers 116. Report of Captain Augustus P. Martin,

Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S BAR, VA.,

July 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the

