
No damage whatever was sustained by the battery during the engagement.

The officers and men of the battery behaved well.

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain Battery C, Massachusetts Artillery.

Captain WILLIAM B. WEEDEN,

Chief of Artillery, Morell's Division.

Numbers 117. Report of Lieutenant John B. Hyde,

Battery E, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of the battles of Gaines' and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING,

July 5, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report as regards the battery under my command:

June 26 I was ordered to report to General Butterfield, and proceeded with his brigade in the direction of Cold Harbor, and was subsequently ordered back to a field near General Morell's headquarters, and took position near the woods. Afterward I was ordered to the field formerly occupied by the Reserve Artillery; remained there until 3 a.m. of the 27th, and was then ordered to take position in battery to the left and near Dr. Gaines' house, to command the bridge in front and to cover the retreat of our troops and then to retire after all were over and the bridge destroyed. This being accomplished, I again took position on the other side of a bridge on a hill, about 100 yards from the woods, and then was ordered to take position near the edge of the woods by General Butterfield, and with the assistance of his brigade drove the enemy back several back several times in great disorder, after which we resumed our position on the hill and remained in readiness for the enemy to come out of the woods, then to give them double canister, which we did with great effect until, our support giving way, we were obliged to limber up and retire, which we did in good order, with all our pieces but one, the horses of which having been previously killed, I was obliged to leave. We had proceeded but a short distance when the fire of the enemy became so intense that the horses in three of the pieces were killed, thereby preventing their removal from the field.

After having retired from the field we crossed the Chickahominy River, and encamped for the night near General McClellan's headquarters.

July 1, 1862, I was ordered by Captain Weeded to take my remaining pieces with his battery to the front and on the brow of a hill, about 2,000 yards from the enemy, who were in the edge of the woods with artillery and infantry. We began to shell them, and after about half an hour, in connection with other batteries, silenced the enemy, and were then ordered with Weeden's battery to take position in the field on the opposite side of the road, and again began firing in the direction of the enemy. This was kept up till night, when we were relieved and returned to camp.

