
soon forced to retire. Finding the enemy so gaining in that quarter as to have an enfilading fire upon us and my support retiring, I moved to the rear about 80 yards and came into battery in front of the Sixteenth Regiment New York Volunteers. There we again opened fire with shrapnel-effect apparently good. The Sixteenth New York Volunteers advanced handsomely through our battery. I directed the guns to the left, where there were crowds of Union fugitives and where the enemy were still gaining ground.

At this juncture a remnant of the Twelfth Infantry passed, disorganized but walking. Captain Read, Lieutenant Heckscher, and the standard-bearer strove manfully to rally them. They succeeded in so doing among some bushes 150 yards to our rear. I was now in the open plain, with no infantry near my battery. I retired, therefore, to these bushes and again opened fire with shrapnel. The smoke was dense. An officer from the front, however, reported our range exact. In this last position the battery remained until after dark, when it withdrew, by order of General Sykes. I parked for the night near Woodbury's [?] Bridge. A caisson-driver mistook the road of retreat. Four caissons were thus misled. The next morning they came to the bridge and attempted to cross. The structure was already damaged by our engineers, and was soon after blown up. The caissons were destroyed at the same time. The driver, with the horses, save two, forded the stream and reached the battery.

On June 28, at 2 a.m., moved, by order of General Porter, across Woodbury's [Alexander's?] Bridge and parked. In the afternoon moved with General Griffin's brigade to White Oak Swamp; camped at dusk.

On the road we picket up three abandoned caissons. On June 29, about 9 a.m., the battery marched with General Butterfield's brigade, and parked after dark at Prospect Hill. On the 30th marched at 2 a.m. to join General Griffin's brigade. After marching about 2 miles halted to await daybreak. At sunrise the march was resumed. We crossed Turkey Creek and parked at noon at Turkey Bend. After a rest of a few hours we marched back and were held in reserve near Malvern House. For the night we parked on Malvern plain.

On July 1, at 9 a.m., the battery moved by your order and took position on the right of that occupied by the battery of Lieutenant Ames. Our guns commanded the fork of the roads, one of which led to Richmond. Toward noon horsemen appeared to our front and right, distance, 1,600 yards. Lieutenant Hazlett's section opened with shrapnel and percussion shell. The enemy immediately disappeared. Soon the enemy appeared in force to the front and left of Captain Livingston's battery, which was posted on the left of Lieutenant Ames. The three batteries at once opened with shrapnel, and the enemy were speedily driven back to the woods. Simultaneously with the appearance of this infantry a field battery opened on us from the Richmond road. We returned the fire, and forced it apparently to change its position. Soon what I conceived to be two more batteries opened upon us from the same road. In connection with the other batteries we replied with shrapnel, range about 1,300 yards. In our front, distant 500 yards, there now appeared a mass of infantry preparing to charge. I ordered at once a brisk fire upon them with shrapnell. They advanced steadily until within 150 yards. Our canister then caused them to fly in confusion. They left a battle-flag behind them. (This was picked up by an infantry officer some time later.) Against these rebels a portion of a regiment on our right assisted. When they first formed I drew the attention of Lieutenant Ames to them. He, too, pointed some of his

