
guns on them. We entered the fight in the morning with not less than 600 rounds of ammunition. Owing to the blowing up of our caissons on the 28th of June this began to fail. One hundred and fifty rounds, mostly shell, were sent us. This we used mostly in firing at masses of the enemy as they appeared in the distance.

I was now relieved by your own battery, and went to the rear for ammunition. I left with 16 rounds to a piece, which by your order I reserved for emergencies. During the day Brigadier-General Couch frequently urged me to fire through the woods at a rebel field battery stationed on the opposite side of Turkey Creek. I replied that it was useless to fire at objects we could not see. As I left the field the general's staff officer told me from the general that it was not intended that I should retire more than 100 yards, there to receive ammunition. I replied that I was directed to receive it at General Porter' headquarters. He asked if I would return immediately. I replied yes, if I would return immediately. I replied yes, if so ordered after receiving my ammunition. I repeated this conversation to General Porter. He bade me await his orders. The effect of the firing upon our pieces was to enlarge materially the vents of three. No ammunition for 10-pounder Parrott guns was to be had, nor did we receive a supply until we reached Harrison's Landing. On the night of the battle the battery marched to Harrison's Landing, where we have since remained.

In both these actions the conduct of both officers and men was such as to command my hearty praise. Especially would I commend to your attention First Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett, Fifth Artillery. To his unwearied exertions of preparation is due much of the efficiency of the battery. In both the recent actions I have consulted with him freely, and have frequently adopted his suggestions. Whatever credit is awarded the battery much of it should fall to his share. To Second Lieutenant L. M. Harrison is due credit for coolness under the hottest fire of the enemy. Second Lieutenant H. B. Reed was, as usual when under fire, cool and brave. He displayed judgment in shielding his pieces and men from the enemy's fire while his section was in reserve.

In the second action (July 1) Second Lieutenant Carroll behaved well. From enlisted men I select for your special notice First Sergt. Samuel Peeples, Corporals Broderick and Grady. When acting as gunners the accuracy of their fire could not be excelled.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. KINGSBURY,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery.

Captain WILLIAM B. WEEDED,

Commanding Division of Artillery.

Numbers 119. Report of Brigadier General John H. Martindale,

U. S. Army, commanding First brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, D. C., March 27, 1863.

GENERAL: At your request and for the purpose of placing on record in proper form the operations of your command during the eventful

