
formed the Twenty-second Massachusetts with the Twenty-fifth New York (which was reduced to a fragment) and advanced it to the support of Griffin's brigade. I reformed the Second Maine in rear of the Twenty-second Massachusetts and ordered it forward.

At this time the enemy was attempting to move around under cover of a bank and turn our left flank. Griffin had one regiment, the Fourteenth New York, in that direction. I received orders from General Morell to use my own judgment in repelling that attack. Deeming the emergency imminent, I went in person to form and lead the Thirteenth New York in that direction. Major Schoeffel, who was in command (Colonel Marshall and Lieutenant-Colonel Stephan both being absent sick), under my direction formed line to the left and moved to the support of the Fourteenth New York. I returned to the First Michigan Regiment, and deploying it, ordered it forward. At nearly the same time Butterfield's brigade came forward and one of the regiments (the Twelfth New York) reported to me. Other re-enforcements appeared on the ground not belonging to Morell's division. There was danger of confusion. I placed the Twelfth New York in position to protect the extreme left, and I think also another of the regiments which moved up from the rear. As I made these dispositions General Porter himself appeared on the ground, and I explained to him how the commands were situated.

At this time a considerable body of wounded men and stragglers were retiring from the lines. General Porter directed me to form a line to prevent straggling and collect the wounded. I proceeded to execute his orders, and took the Twenty-fifth New York and stretched it across the field for that purpose. The enemy had been driven back at all points. I was directed by General Porter to send out pickets to the front, and did so. My brigade, except the Twenty-fifth New York, bivouacked in line of battle on the advanced ground which had been won on the left, and which was part of the identical ground to which I had advanced the night before. The light of the fires, reflected on the clouds over the woods, and the report of pickets disclosed that the enemy was using the night to retire out of reach of our cannon toward Richmond.

At about 10 o'clock, while preparing to bivouac, I learned that we must make a forced march that night 11 miles down the James River to Harrison's Bar. At a later hour the order was given me by General Morell in person to get in motion. My brigade, according to the order, was to lead, and I called in my pickets and moved my command back a mile to the summit of Malvern Hill. Descending, it was necessary to go through the long, dark passage which I have before described. General Morell met me there. The artillery was moving down the defile. He told me to follow the artillery and left me, saying he would rejoin me there. I rested with the head of my column close to the moving artillery. Soon troops came on and attempted to pass the head of my column. I halted them. They pressed through to the other side of the artillery and moved on. I moved the head of my collum down about 100 yards to a bend in the road to see I could not stop the movement, and halted again.

But the tide on the other side rolled on. We were left in the rear, and the order of march was no longer maintained. I sent back an orderly for General Morell, but no tidings of him were brought to me. The head of my column still maintained its ground. In the darkness I discovered General Butterfield's assistant adjutant-general passing

