
gallant conduct of which I was a witness. The reports of the commanding officers of regiments are respectfully referred to in this connection.

Because during a critical period of the battle of Malvern and toward its close the Twelfth New York, then commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, reported to me and was by me put in position and brought into action, I have taken the liberty to request a brief report from Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson on that subject, which is herewith respectfully transmitted.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MARTINDALE,

Brigadier General lately Commanding First Brigadier, Morell's Div,. Fifth P. A. C.

Brigadier General GEORGE W. MORELL,

Lately Commanding Morell's Div., Fifth Prov. Corps, A. of P.

Numbers 120. Report of Colonel Charles W. Roberts,

Second Maine Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to orders I submit the following report, viz:

The morning of the 27th June my regiment, having been on picket for twenty-four hours at New Bridge, Virginia, left New Bridge at 4 o'clock a.m., taking a position near the house occupied by Dr. Gaines. At 6 o'clock a.m., however, we left this position, and, together with the remainder of General Fitz John Porter's army corps, were en route for Gaines' Hill, where we arrived about 10 o'clock a.m. The enemy, pursuing our rear guard from Mechanicsville with very little loss to our troops, soon notified us that we could not cross the Chickahominy without making a stand. By orders of General Morell our division was speedily drawn up in line of battle, as follows: The Second Brigade on the extreme right on the skirt of the woods facing northeasterly towards the road coming from Gaines' Mill, General Martindale in the center, General Butterfield on the left. On the extreme right General Sykes' division of regulars were posted. My regiment was posted on the extreme right of our brigade, the Twenty-second Massachusetts, Colonel Gove, and other regiments attached to the brigade, on my left.

Having the advantage of a rail fence, I ordered my boys to make with their knapsacks a barricade, which they did in very short time. In this position we remained nearly two hours, waiting for the enemy. At the expiration of this time sharp cracks of rifles notified us that our skirmishers were being driven in, and the shell of the enemy, striking about us from the right and left, warned us that the rebels were in force. Soon our extreme right was attacked and the enemy repulsed. Then they tried our center, when they were again repulsed with great loss, my regiment taking during this encounter the colors of the Fifth Alabama Regiment. We were not allowed long to remain

