
was drawn up in order of battle. The heavy firing upon our left heard the day before in the mean time was renewed with more frequently and vigor than before.

After waiting in this position for some time orders were again received to continued in motion to the rear. This was accomplished in good order, without undue excitement, in readiness at any moment to act in any direction to which it might be called. In this way we continued on until, on reaching Tunstall's Station at dark, the regiment bivouacked for the night. On Saturday morning the regiment was again early in position. The firing of the day before was continued, but apparently more remote. We remained in this position, awaiting orders, which at length came, directing us to continue to withdraw toward the White House Landing. The force was soon in motion, and upon arriving at the Landing a large part of the property there was in flames and preparations making to fire the remainder. Leaving General Stoneman about a mile from the landing I was directed to report to Brigadier-General Casey, from whom on arrival I received instructions to place five companies of the regiment on the steamer Vanderbilt and five on the John Brooks. This was soon done, and the latter placed under command of Major Hayes. Everything at this place having been prepared to be destroyed and the flames having already consumed the larger portion of the property abandoned here, word was received from General Stoneman that the enemy were already attacking his rear. The remaining tents were soon fired, and the forces being all on board, General Casey himself being on the steamer Knickerbocker, the whole slowly down the river, leaving nothing for the possession of the enemy but the blackened and flaming ruins of what had up to that time constituted the White House Landing.

It gives me pleasure to bear testimony to the alacrity and cheerfulness of the command, both officers and men, during the whole of this exciting duty, an active enemy constantly threatening to cut off their communication with their rear, no sign of undue hurrying, no disorder, nothing but a constant cheerfulness marking every step.

We proceeded a few miles below, and near the Cumberland Landing came to anchor for the night. I was able here to recover the hospital supplies with which we started, the ambulances and transports having been turned from the road to White House, which they were unable to reach. Taking in the bank, now acting as attendants on the hospital department, and the medical supplies, the ambulances were directed to continue on of Old Point, which place they subsequently reached in safety.

The next morning (Sunday) the boats started on their route down the river and arrived at Old Point the same evening. Orders were here received to have the boat prepared for proceeding to Harrison's Bar, on the James River. The removal of the large number of the sick and wounded brought down from White House, the coaling of the steamers, &amp;c., occupied the whole of Monday, and on Tuesday, after receiving the supplies of provisions necessary for the men, the boats started for the James River, and reached Harrison's Landing late in the afternoon. The regiment with a large number of stragglers from other regiments was soon landed, and under instructions I proceeded about a mile from the Landing, established the necessary pickets to the front, and bivouacked.

On the following morning (Wednesday) the other regiments of the brigade arrived upon the ground, and I soon received orders from General Casey to report once more for duty with the brigade. The

