
Sergeant Carr, of Company E, fell at the head of his company, which he commanded this day. Over one-half of the rank and file fell manfully battling for their country's rights.

To attempt to particularize where all showed so much gallantry would be invidious and might do some injustice. The loss sustained is a sufficient record. Before the action commenced Colonel Gove gave orders to lay aside knapsacks, blankets, haversacks, not to be encumbered with anything, and when the regiment left they had to leave everything behind, even to tin-cups, plates, knives and forks, and spoons. The Twenty-second was among the very last to leave its position. Night was at hand, and it was too late for the enemy to get batteries into position. All had been effected that was desired. Artillery trains, stores, &amp;c., were across the Chickahominy, passing over Woodbury's [Alexander's?] Bridge. Nothing remained but to remove the wounded and cross the troops, which was done in perfect order. Across the Chickahominy, behind the center of the Army of the Potomac, the regiment collected its shattered fragments together, a little less than 300 effective men, without a field or staff officer, the men without tents, haversacks-nothing save what they stood in. There I assumed command, and I was ably assisted by Captain D. K. Wardewell and Sergeant Major Benson, who acted so adjutant.

About noon Saturday, June 28, I received orders to march the regiment to Savage Station, which I did. Here I was prostrated with a severe attack of chills and fever and rheumatic pains. I lost no time, but placed myself under the surgeon's care. The command of the regiment now devolved upon Captain D. K. Wardwell. At Savage Station a short halt was made. The regiment was ordered to move on, passing through White Oak Swamp, at the farther side of which, upon some high rolling lands, the regiment encamped for the night. Early next morning, Sunday, June 29, the regiment moved forward toward James River, passing over a dry and waterless country, the weather exceedingly hot. The men were suffering for all the necessaries of a soldier's life-food, coffee, haversacks, &c. A halt was made at night where no water could be obtained, no coffee made, and the sufferings of our men can better be imagined than described. I hope that no troops will ever again have to endure all the privation that the Twenty-second endured during the past eight or ten days. All was borne without much murmuring-borne as heroes alone can bear their burdens.

Monday morning, June 30, at 3 o'clock a. m., moved again. After marching a few miles water was discovered, a halt was ordered, and all that could made coffee. Another forward movement of some miles brought the regiment in the vicinity of Turkey Bend, where a halt of some hours was made. Soon the regiment received orders to return to Malvern farm, a high plateau of land some 2 miles back. After reaching this place the regiment lay in column of division and upon their arms for the night.

Tuesday, July 1, about 11 o'clock a. m., a forward movement of about 1 mile was made. Here they were subject to a very heavy and severe cross-fire from the enemy's artillery. Here we lost some 8 men. captain Wardwell moved the regiment forward about 400 yards and deployed to support a battery, which they did firmly and steadily. Orders soon came for the regiment to move forward to support the first line of battle, which was being pressed very hard by the enemy. The regiment moved to its position and opened fire by file, using up their

20 R R - VOL XXI, PT II

