
60 rounds of ammunition. The second company of Sharpshooters, under Lieutenant Stiles, fired upward of 40 rounds with their target rifles. The regiment advanced so close to the enemy that they took 32 prisoners, who were sent to the rear. The regiment maintained its position with out ammunition until properly relieved, then retired in the best order. Among the casualties of this day was the loss of Captain S. J. Thompson, who was severely wounded and left in hospital. The loss of rank and field was about 60. In this day's action Companies G, E, and I were led into action by sergeants, and Company K was commanded by Corp. Andrew Wilson, Whom I recommend to your favorable notice. Sergeant-Major Benson was detailed to act as aide to Brigadier-General Martindale during the day.

I cannot close this without making especial mention of Capts. S. J. Thompson, J. J. Thompson, and Captain Burt; also Lieutenants Field, Symonds, Connor, and Stiles. They did their whole duty.

Wednesday morning, July 2, about 1 o'clock, the regiment received orders to fall back to Harrison's Landing, Va. This was done in good order, amid a heavy rain, and mud almost knee-deep. Upon reaching this place the regiment bivouacked in mud and rain. Hungry and wet through, it was a sad time for the remnant of the Twenty-second. Of the conduct of the men during all the trying scenes through which they conduct of the men during all the trying scenes through which they passed I am proud. Of Captain D. K. Wardewell, commanding the regiment, I may say his is above any praise of mine.

July 3 I had sufficiently recovered to assume command and march the regiment to this place, its present encampment.

Respectfully submitted.

W. S. Sampson,

Captain, Twenty-second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Captain CHARLES J. POWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Morell's Division.

Numbers 124. Report of Colonel Horace S. Roberts,

First Michigan Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of this regiment from the 26th ultimo to the 2nd instant, inclusive:

On Thursday, the 26th of June, this regiment, in light marching order, left its camp near Gaines's Hill, and proceeded with the First Brigade toward Mechanicsville, on the Hanover road. Arriving near the scene of the action of that day, the regiment was formed, by order of General Martindale,in line of battle on the edge of a wood in front and to the right of the road, the Thirteenth New York being deployed on the opposite side of the road. Captain Griffith's company (D), of my regiment, was thrown forward as skirmishers, co-operating with a company of the Thirteenth New york in front of its line. The skirmishers soon became engaged with those of the enemy, when the command was ordered by the general to change its position more to the rear and across a ravine. This movement was executed, leaving our skirmishers still engaged.

