
forward in line of battle under fire and relieved that regiment, which was supporting a battery exposed to a sharp fire of the enemy. I commenced firing, and continued until that of the enemy seemed entirely stopped and he was nowhere to be seen. It then being reported to me that we were out of ammunition, the regiment was moved by company to the rear, the Twenty-second Massachusetts taking its place in line. I was met by General Porter, who ordered a line formed on the side of the road perpendicular to the old line, in doing which we received a volley. We cleared away a fence and some obstructions by his order, and finally, directed by him, we formed line in the extreme advance of the line in support of Tidball's battery.

Night coming on, and the firing having ceased, I threw out pickets to the front and left, keeping them out till midnight, when they were called in and the movement commenced to this place, where we arrived the next morning. In all the operations of this time I have been greatly assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Whittlesey and Major Abbot, the latter of whom had just returned from sick leave and was hardly in a state for the field. My officers and men have done bravely and well. Although as a regiment exposed for the first time to fire, not a man flinched or drew back. The privations and hardships of the march were borne with patience and fortitude. i shall at another time report to you the names of those who have particularly distinguished them selves in these engagements.

It is proper here to state that my knapsacks and much of regimental and company property were destroyed to prevent their falling into the hands of the hands of the enemy. My loss during the week has been 209 in killed, wounded, and missing.*

A list of names is hereto appended. Captain O. C. Comstock, a brave and promising officer, is supposed to be killed. Nine of my officers were wounded, among whom were Captains Throop, Alcott, Hopper, Pomeroy, and Grummond. Captain Alcott, although wounded on Friday, rendered valuable service on the following days. Lieutenant Eggleston was severely wounded in the head and Lieutenant Hubbard is missing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE S. ROBERTS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain CHARLES J. POWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 125. Report of Major Francis A. Schoeffel,

Thirteenth New York Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH N. Y. VOLS., ON JAMES RIVER,July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment received orders on the 26th day of June to march to Mechanicsville. We started at 11.30 a. m., marching about 3 miles, when a rest was ordered. Resting about half an hour we proceeded half a mile, when we were deployed by the left flank in an open field in line of battle. Three com

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 30.

---------------

