
panies (A, B, and D) were deployed forward as skirmishers. The regiment, after remaining for a couple of hours, was ordered to march back across the creek on the brow of the hill. When Colonel Marshall ordered me to go to the front and instruct the skirmishers the regiment had fallen back across the ravine. When I returned the regiment had moved to the rear and to the left. Marching through a piece of woods and entering an open field, with the Twenty-second Massachusetts on our left, we marched to within 600 yards of Carlisle's battery, where we halted, throwing forward Company E as skirmishers through the woods, when an order came for us to march back to the cross-roads from where we first advanced.

Here we remained until 3 a. m. of the 27th of June, when our skirmishers were called in. We had no casualties, although being under fire for three hours. The regiment marched back to camp near Gaines' house, where knapsacks were packed and the regiment marched toward the Chickahominy, where we arrived about noon, when the regiments were deployed in line of battle in a ravine close to Gaines' [Watts'?] house, on the right of the Twenty-fifth New York Volunteers. Here we lay, expecting the enemy, and were not disappointed, for about 1 or 2 o'clock p. m. the enemy came in sight, drove in our skirmishers and charged, but were repulsed with considerable loss, our regiment capturing 9 prisoners, with the battle-flag belonging to the First Tennessee Regiment. The prisoners belonged respectively to the First Tennessee, and Fifth Alabama Regiments.

Our regiment had built a barricade, which protected the men very much. We remained behind this barricade until 5 p. m. or later, when the enemy came on us again in stronger force than before. Our men stood their ground was expended, when we fell back to the second line of defense. The enemy, seeing us fall back, pressed us hard. Here our loss was severe, but not as severe as some of the other regiments. The reported loss was 4 killed, 47 wounded, 29 missing.

The regiment in falling back rallied there different times. After rallying the first time Colonel Marshall fell back, being taken sick. I took command at 9 p. m. I found I had but 160 men left. In looking around I found Colonel Marshall with the rest of the regiment at the general hospital. I then marched what men I had to this hospital.

At 12.30 midnight, or morning of Saturday, June 28, I received orders to march across the Chickahominy, which was done. At 7 a. m. I joined the brigade which we had lost during the night. After joining the brigade we marched about half a mile toward Savage Station, where we rested until 11 a. m., when we were supplied with ammunition, and resumed our march to Savage Station, where we rested half an hour, when the march was resumed again. We marched to i believe Jones' Bridge of a hill close by, where we camped for the night. At 2 a. m. Sunday, June 29, we were aroused by a false alarm, which kept the command up the remainder of the night. At about 7 a. m. we resumed the march and marched about 5 miles, when we came to a halt, remaining until about 5 p. m., when the march was resumed. We marched about 2 miles, when we came to a halt in a field, remaining there until Monday, 3 a. m., June 30, when the march was resumed. We marched to Turkey Bend, on the James River, where we arrived about 10 a. m. We lay there about two hours, when we were ordered to march back across the swamp, up the steep hill, and on the field, when marched by the right flank in column by division

