
near to a road, where we halted for half an hour. Then we marched forward across the field, across two roads, then by the right flank across the road which we marched in on in the morning, then marched forward to a house, in front of which we lay all night on picket.

In the morning of Tuesday, July 1, at early dawn, we marched to the rear about 600 yards, deployed in line of battle in the road, remaining there until 2 p. m., when we marched by the left flank down the road, then in line of battle across the field, when the regiment was formed double column at half distance. The column then marched by the left flank to within 100 yards of where the Fourteenth New york Volunteers was deployed in line of battle. Here we lay under fire for three hours, when we received orders to march to the left on the brow of the hill and deploy in line of battle to protect our left flank, which we did until it became dark. Seeing the enemy fall back, I moved my regiment by the right flank around the house. In the mean time the firing had slackened in our front. i remained here until the Fourteenth U. S. Infantry came to relieve me (during the action I lost 6 men wounded, the officers and men behaving manfully), when I marched my regiment by the right flank toward the road which we marched in on from Savage Station. Here I joined the brigade, when I was ordered to march across the road to the house by the right flank and remain there on picket. We remained there until 1.30 a. m., Wednesday, July 2, when we received orders to fall back with the brigade. We did so, and marched to this place, arriving at 9 a. m.

Respectfully submitted.

F. A. SCHOEFFEL,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth New York Volunteers.

Captain CHARLES J. POWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 126. Report of Captain Shepard Gleason,

Twenty-fifth New York Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

The brigade having been ordered under arms, the Twenty-fifth Regiment fell in and marched, under command of Major E. S. Gilbert, without any unusual occurrence, on the hanover road about 5 miles, resting opposite Mechanicsville. The presence of the enemy being discovered in front, the regiment was formed in line of battle on the right of the second line formed by the brigade, and there rested until word was brought that the enemy were attempting to flank us on the right, when the major moved us, by command of the general, to the right and rear, where we afterward formed under a fence near the house on the high ground on the right of the Hanover road, and sent forward two companies of skirmishers. The regiment afterward moved to the rear of the batteries on the Old Church road, where we lay on our arms till 2 o'clock next morning, when we received orders from General Martindale to recall the skirmishers sent out the previous evening, and quietly take up our line of march to our old camp. Resting a few minutes opposite our old camp, the regiment continued to retire across the

