
took position on the left of the battery stationed in front. The officers and men supposed it was to advance still farther, but received orders to support that battery. While occupying this position several charges were made by different regiments.

The battle being in our favor, and several lines being formed in our rear, receiving no further orders we retired to our original position, and received orders to form a line of guard across an open field, to stop all stragglers and to designate a place for the wounded. The line was formed and in working order until about 1 o'clock a. m. of the next day. At that hour we were ordered to fall in rear of the column then passing and retire with it. We did so, but on account of the rapid movements of artillery and cavalry, together with the state of the roads, the regiment was much broken and scattered before reaching the open field near Harrison's

Landing. The next day, however, the regiment was together, and followed the movements of the brigade to its present encampment.

The loss of the regiment during this time was 7 officers and 87 enlisted men.*

SHEPARD GLEASON,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-fifth Regiment N. Y. Vols.

[Captain CHARLES J. POWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Fifth Corps.]

Number 127 Report of Brigadier General Charles Griffin,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, MORELL'S DIVISION,July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from Headquarters Army of the Potomac, I assumed command of the Second Brigade at 2 o'clock p. m. on the 26th of June, 1862, at Gaines' farm, and at 3 o'clock same date received orders for the brigade to move immediately in the direction of headquarters Fifth Provisional Army Corps, when further orders were received to march as speedily as possible to the support of General J. F. Reynolds, who was engaging the enemy a to near Mechanicsville. The brigade arrived about 5.30 o'clock, and by direction of General Reynolds formed line of battle, under a terrific artillery fire, in rear of the center of the line engaged. Soon after the Fourth Michigan, Colonel D. A. Woodbury, moved forward and relieve Colonel Simmons' Pennsylvania regiment, and the Fourteenth New York, Colonel James McQuade, advanced to relieve and support the Kanne Rifles on the right. The Fourth Michigan was scarcely in position when it was attacked by two regiments of the enemy, which were repulsed in the handsomest manner, the regiment firing about 15 rounds per man. Four companies of the Fourteenth were engaged for a short time. After night-fall the firing ceased and the enemy fell back, whilst our troops held their position until 2 o'clock on the morning of the 27th, when orders were received to return to our former camp, which was reached about 7 o'clock.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 30.

---------------

