
The casualties on the 26th were 1 man killed and 3 wounded in the Fourteenth New york; 3 killed, 22 wounded, and 4 missing in the Fourth Michigan, and 1 killed and 2 wounded in the Ninth Massachusetts, making an aggregate of 36.

About 9 a. m. of the 27th brigade received orders to fall back and take position on the east side of Gaines' Creek, which point was reached about 10 o'clock. The urgency of the movement rendered the destruction of our commissary stores and camp and garrison equipage necessary in order to prevent them front falling into the hands of the enemy, a number of wagons belonging to the brigade train being at the White House. The ninth Massachusetts, under command of Colonel Cass, was ordered by General Morell to hold the enemy in check and prevent his crossing at Gaines' Mill, which duty was gallantly performed. The enemy crossing above the mill in force, Colonel Cass was ordered to fall back gradually to the line occupied by the other regiments of the brigade.

About 12 m. the enemy appeared in force in front of the Ninth

Massachusetts, posted on the right, and made a fierce attack. The Ninth as a regiment received the onslaught with steadiness and repulsed it. The extreme left wavered for a moment, but soon recovered its place. The Fourteenth New York was in line of battle to the left of the Ninth and the Fourth Michigan some distance to the left of the Fourteenth. The right wing of the Fourteenth was exposed to a heavy fire of the enemy at this time, but nobly and repeatedly drove him back at the point of the bayonet. Lieutenant-Colonel Skillen, of the Fourteenth, was here mortally wounded. The Sixty-second Pennsylvania, which had been held in reserve, was moved up to support the Ninth Massachusetts, and after delivering a volley was pushed forward by its gallant colonel at a charge bayonet. Colonel Black was instantly killed at the head of his regiment during the charge. The right wing of the Fourteenth and the Ninth and the Sixty-second held their position in the wood, resisting repeated attacks by fresh troops of the enemy, until they were relieved by Newton's brigade an ordered to fall back. About 6 o'clock the Sixty-second, having received a fresh supply of ammunition, was gallantly led by Lieutenant-Colonel Sweitzer to support the troops on our left. In this advance Colonel Sweitzer was badly wounded and left on the field. The left wing of the brigade, consisting of the Fourth Michigan, and the left wing of the Fourteenth New York, under command of Colonel McQuade, held its position until late in the evening, but was forced to retire after the troops on the left of the line gave way.

It may be proper to mention here that the artillery, by order of General porter and under my direction, opened fire upon the enemy advancing upon our left, but it was too late. Our infantry had already commenced to fall back, and nothing being left to give confidence to the artillerymen, it was impossible to make them stand to their work. The brigade was rallied and formed in its proper order near the hospital where it remained until 2 o'clock the next morning, when it crossed the Chickahominy and encamped near general headquarters.

Our loss in the battle was as follows: Killed, 96; wounded, 354; missing, 136-an aggregate of 586.

About 2 o'clock p. m. June 28 the brigade left this point and marched to White Oak Swamp, where it encamped for the night, moving the next morning toward Turkey Island Bridge, which was reached about 10 o'clock a. m. June 30. The men bivouacked in a wood for a

