
few hours, when the brigade was ordered to take position on Malvern Hill, a battle being in progress on our front and left. The Ninth and Sixty-second were moved to the front to support batteries in the wheat field, the Fourteenth and the Fourth being held in reserve. A rebel battery on our left opened fire and killed a sergeant in the Fourth Michigan and slightly wounded one man in the Fourteenth New York. The regiments lay upon their arms and retained their relative positions during the night. Shortly after sunrise on the morning of July 1 the Fourth Michigan was moved up to relieve the Eighty-third Pennsylvania in supporting our batteries in position on the left. The Fourteenth New York was posted on the hill commanding the Richmond road to protect the left flank, the ninth Massachusetts and Sixty-second retaining their original positions.

About 8 o'clock General Porter placed the artillery under my command. It was supported on the right by Couch's division. Not far from 10 o'clock the enemy advanced two brigades in front of Couch's right, approaching so close as to throw their musket balls into our batteries, but by a quick concentration of the fire the four batteries on the field they were soon repulsed. About two hours afterward the enemy attempted and advance upon our extreme left with what appeared to be two brigades, forming in the open field, but the same artillery fire caused him to break and retreat in the greatest disorder. An hour, perhaps, after this the enemy attempted the same maneuver near our right and along the by which the troops came up, but was again handsomely repulsed by our artillery fire, leaving a stand of colors on the field, which fell into our hands. Here Couch's right wing advanced and drove the enemy far through the wood. The batteries engaged were Captains Edwards' and Livingston's Third U. S. Artillery, four Parrot guns each; Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, under command of Lieutenant Kingsbury, six Parrot guns; Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Ames, six light 12-pounders, and three huns of Weeden's Rhode island and two of Fifth Massachusetts, under command of Lieutenants Waterman and Hyde. The batteries were excellently served. The greatest coolness and bravery were displayed by officers and men, and my only regret is my inability to mention the officers by name.

After this a sharp fire was kept up by skirmishers and artillery until 5.30 o'clock, when the enemy made his final and fiercest attack on our left. The artillery continued its effective fire until enemy arrived within a few yards of our batteries, when the supporting regiments- Fourth Michigan, Colonel Woodbury; Ninth Massachusetts, Colonel Cass, and Sixty-second Pennsylvania, Captain Hull-gallantly moved forward and repulsed him. But a fresh force making its appearance both on left and right, the regiments were compelled to fall back, being relieved by the Twelfth New York, Forty-fourth New York, and Eighty-third Pennsylvania. Five times were the colors of the Sixty-second cut down and as often determinedly raised and rescued, the last time being picked up by an officer of the Forty-fourth New York, who delivered them demand of a sergeant of Company D of his regiment. The Sixty-second Pennsylvania left the field with its colors flying. The handsome manner in which the Fourth Michigan stood its ground and the good and the good order in which it retired from their field was the subject of comment among all who witnessed it. The gallant Colonel Woodbury fell dead urging his men on to victory. The Ninth Massachusetts well maintained the reputation it has ever borne, the colonel being dangerously wounded. The Fourteenth New York was

