
moved from its first position to resist an attack of the enemy, who was endeavoring to turn our left flank and exposed to a most deadly fire, which it withstood without flinching during the entire engagement, repulsing the enemy three times. The Fourteenth was not relieved, but held its position on the field of battle until 2 o'clock the next morning, when the entire army was ordered to fall back.

The casualties were as follows: Killed, 79; wounded, 414; missing, 38; an ggregate of 531. During the cannonade of the enemy on the 3rd of July 2 men of the Fourteenth New York were wounded. An accurate report of the killed, wounded, and missing will be found in the accompanying statements of regiments. No language could do justice to the admirable conduct of the officers and. The evidence of their courage will be found in the list of killed and wounded, and the comparatively small number of missing, a majority of whom it is but fair to suppose were left on the field disabled. The men received but one day's rations from the 27th of June to the 2nd of July, yet they made no complaints, but endured the hardships of the march patiently and fought in every engagement with the courage and impetuosity of fresh troops.

This report would not be complete if it omitted a proper recognition of the valuable services of my acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant C. B. Mervine, and Lieutenant W. G. Lowry, aide-de camp. Their bravery in action, alacrity in the transmission of orders, and unfaltering endurance of the fatiguing march are worthy of the greatest praise.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain R. T. AUCHMUTY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 128. Reports of Brigadier General Daniel Butterfield,

U. S. Army commanding Third Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. BUTTERFIELD'S BRIGADE, MORELL'S DIVISION,FIFTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,

Harrison's Landing, Va., July [2], 1862.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report the following general account of the movements and actions of the brigade which I have the honor to command since the 26th of June:

On the afternoon of the 26th of June, between 3 and 4 o'clock p. m., I was ordered by General Morell to proceed with my brigade on the road toward Old Church, by Cold Harbor, and take a strong position and hold the enemy in check there. A subsequent order directed me not to go very far, but to assume a strong position, if one could be found. I arrived at Cold Harbor and found Brigadier-General Cooke. U. S. Army, in command of a force of cavalry. In pursuance of directions of General Porter, received there, i halted my brigade and assumed command of the whole force and made dispositions to resist an attack, placing skirmishers in front, disposing the infantry in two lines, cavalry in reserve, and directed patrols to be sent out 2 or 3 miles in advance and on all the roads approaching the position.

