
Too much credit cannot be given to the artillery practice of General Smith's command across the Chickahominy upon the overpowering masses of the enemy thrown upon our left. The fire of General Smith's artillery upon the masses was deadly and precise and was of material assistance to us, silencing a battery planted by the enemy in the orchard near Gaines' house about noon.

I know not how properly to acknowledge the services of my own personal staff. They were very where present in time of need, behaving with the greatest gallantry. Lieutenant Fisher received a mortal wound while carrying an order to the Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. The conduct of Captain Hoyt and Major Vegesack throughout the day for their courage, gallantry, and coolness in the trying scenes at the close of the fight was most admirable. I cannot too highly speak of their personal bravery. Major Welch, of the Sixteenth Michigan, and Major Barnun, of the Twelfth New York, Volunteers rendered me invaluable assistance throughout the entire fight exposing themselves to danger carrying orders and bringing information with unsurpassed coolness and bravery. Lieutenant Livingston also did good service, making strong endeavors to rally the troops when broken and driven by the enemy. I shall take another time and pay a fitting tribute to the service and memory of Colonel McLane and Major Naghel and Lieutenant Fisher and all the officers who gave their lives for country on this hard-contested field.

Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, behaved with the great gallantry and bravery, and I would recommend his promotion to the command of his regiment, made vacant by the resignation of his colonel. Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, of the Twelfth New York Volunteers, with a large proportion of his regiment, added credit and honor to their name and reputation. Colonel Stockton, of the Sixteenth Michigan (too sick really for duty and now missing), with Lieutenant-Colonel Ruehle and Major Welch, behaved well and deserve credit. All my officers and men, with a very few exceptions, behaved in the most admirable manner. I should like to speak more at length of many of the officers and men of my command, but I must leave these details to the reports of the regimental commanders. Enfeebled by the extreme heat and a return of the weakness and illness feeble by the extreme heat and a return of the weakness and illness from which I have been suffering from some time. I am admonished that I must rest and remain quiet, that I may be ready again to answer any call. I must trust to a future report of the action of July 1 to make a general resume of the whole and endeavor to do justice to all. I will send regimental reports as fast as received. Much interesting detail send in regimental reports as fast received. Much interesting detail and in regiments reports as fast as received. Much interesting detail and valuable information of the progress of the action will be gathered from them. I am not able now to write more.

Respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. T. AUCHMUTY, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Harrison's Landing, Va., July 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In continuation of the part of my report of the movements of my command from the 26th of June to the 2nd of July I would state that the left of the brigade (separated from the right, as indicated in my last report) was conducted across the Chickahominy on the night of the 27th to the camp of General Smith by Lieutenant

