
edge required, and often communicated the same to the general commanding the corps by orderlies furnished me for that purpose. I was greatly assisted in this duty by the invaluable services of Major Barnum and Captain Hoyt.

It soon became evident that General Couch's left would require support. I visited General Couch and consulted with him. His opinion corresponding with mine. I informed him that I would assist him in case of necessity. i also advised the general commanding the corps to that effect. On receipt of this dispatch General Porter ordered Colonel Caldwell's brigade to report to me for such disposition as I might deem necessary. I ordered this brigade to remain in reserve to remain in reserve on General Couch's left and rear and report to him for orders. The enemy now attacked our line with renewed vigor, and advanced with the design of capturing our batteries on the crest of the hill. General Couch sent by an orderly to me for further support. I immediately ordered the Eighty-third Pennsylvania and Sixteenth Michigan to the point of junction of the Fifth Corps with General Couch's left. The result of this disposition of these two regiments is fully set forth in the official reports of the regimental commanders, to which I would call the attention of the commanding general.

It soon became evident that the enemy was throwing large forces on our front and left with a resolution to flank us, and thus decide the fortunes of the day. The struggle became along the front and left desperate on both sides. Sensible of the importance of the moment, advising the general commanding the corps of my actions of my in the premises, the brigade stationed in front if mine not moving, I determined to and did order the Forty-fourth New York to advance in line of battle, cross the field in front, and relieve a portion of General Griffin's command, whose ammunition seemed to be exhausted, and to charge the enemy with the Eighty-third Regiment. At the same time I directed the Twelfth New York Volunteers to advance to the left and check the approach of the enemy and relieve the Fourth Michigan. The gallantry with which these two regiments, joined by the Eighty-third on their right, obeyed this order under the galling fire of the enemy is faithfully set forth in the respective reports of heir commanding officers. The Forty-fourth New York and Eighty-third Pennsylvania were under the immediate eye of the general commanding the corps, who witnessed their heroic conduct.

The ammunition of my command was exhausted, and we were relieved by the Irish Brigade and some troops of General Sykes. The Sixteenth michigan picketed the battle-field after victory had crowned the efforts of our arms. At the close of the fight and its decision in our favor, with the permission of the general commanding the corps I placed Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson, of the Twelfth New York Volunteers, senior officer present, in command of the brigade, who marched it by direction of General Morell to Harrison's Landing, where it arrived at about 8 o'clock in the morning of the 2nd July. I followed it a short time after, and assumed command on my arrival There. The Seventeenth New york Volunteers, Colonel Lansing, Which had been detached on the 26th for temporary service with General Stoneman, now recoined the command.

The events of the 2nd of July were without interest, other than the heroism and devotion when by the men and their promptness to resist an expected attack, after the seven days of duty reported herein, some of the time without food, in the midst of mud and rain which it is impossible to describe.

