
time I was captured, leaving all omissions to be supplied by the reports of my lieutenant-colonel and General Butterfield, the latter of whom being present knows the part I performed in the bloody battle.

I deem it proper here to state that for some days previous to the 26th of June I was unwell and under medical treatment, so much so that when the order was received for the regiment to march both General Butterfield and my surgeon urged me strongly to go the hospital rather than the field, notwithstanding which I accompanied my regiment to Cold Harbor, where it was first marched, and thence toward Mechanicsville, bivouacking with it, and again on the 27th to the field finally chosen for the battle. Up to this time my lieutenant-colonel had exercised the command, but after that I resumed the command and exercised it all day. I am particular as to this fact, inasmuch as I have seen editorials, which have remained uncontradicted by the major, the he, "led his regiment in all the recent fights, Colonel Stockton having been taken prisoner in the very beginning of the Gaines' Mill battle; "a statement entirely false. My regiment acted as reserve to the brigade, and was posted some 150 or more yards to the rear of the line the open field and on the slope of the hill, resting sometimes in line, sometimes in column, usually lying down, but ready to move at any moment. The slope of the hill partially protected my men from the shot of the enemy, but exposed them much more to the scorching heat of the sun.

My regiment occupied this position until somewhere near 3 o'clock p. m., when the skirmishing being intimated that the enemy was approaching. It grew louder and nearer, and soon the battle began in good earnest along our whole front. The enemy's artillery opened with shot and shell, evidently trying to drive us from the shelter of the woods where our line was posted.

After thus, as it were, feeling of us, the enemy made a strong demonstration to force our lines along the Second Brigade. It was then that General Butterfield order my regiment to move to the support of that point. My regiment was immediately deployed and most gallantly charged, thereby sustaining our line and compelling the enemy to fall back. My regiment immediately returned to its position in rear of the right of the brigade, remaining just in the edge of the woods and nearer to our line. It was whilst here that Captain Carr was killed and some 4 or 5 men mortally wounded. Soon afterward I moved my regiment more to the left and in rear of the Forty-fourth Regiment, the extreme left. General Butterfield usually directed all these movements and changes, being present and actively overseeing every change.

During all his the firing was kept up, at times raging fierce and hot. After in this last position perhaps an hour or more, the firing kept increasing and the enemy evidently concentrating on our center, my regiment was directed to again move to the right, to support, if necessary, any part of the line. It was whilst i was so doing that the enemy forced our line somewhere between the First and Second Brigades. General Butterfield was standing near me when i called his attention to our flying troops. He immediately mounted his horse, the better to enable him to oversee his brigade.

Our lines once broken, the troops kept giving way, thus permitting the enemy to enter and outflank those who stood firm. Perceiving this, I had faced my regiment to the rear for the purpose of falling back more under the hill and save being flanked, when Major Barnum, of the Twelfth New York, and field officer of the day, rode up to me and urged that I would hold on a few minutes longer, as he hoped the

