
enemy would be driven back. I thereupon faced my regiment about again and resumed firing. Immediately afterward Major Welch came to me and stated that if I remained there a minute longer we would be all cut to pieces-that the enemy were close upon us in overwhelming force. i thereupon again faced my regiment to the rear, still intending to fall back fighting, but I had no sooner given the command to march than all started in double-quick, leaving me at once in the rear, and regardless of my command to halt. Most ran off for the bridge over the Chickahominy. Many sought the timber-land along the river. Believing those seeking the bridge would be cut off by the enemy, I with many others, gained the timber, hoping to cross in some way, but after struggling all night through mud and water we were suddenly captured just after daylight on Saturday morning and immediately sent on to Richmond. As soon as I return to my regiment and can procure facts I will further report, in case the details have not already been made.

Very respectfully,

T. B. W. STOCKTON,

Colonel Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 130. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel John V. Ruehle,

Sixteenth Michigan Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Brigade, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, JAMES RIVER, VA.,

July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: In conformity with your instructions, I hereby transmit a report of the movements of the movements of the Sixteenth Michigan Infantry since June 26:

On that day between 2 and 3 o'clock p. m. orders came for the regiment to strike tents and have everything loaded and the wagons sent at once over the Chickahominy to General McClellan's headquarters, and also to form the regiment in line of battle and await orders. The orders soon came to move with the brigade toward Old Church to oppose the enemy, said to be advancing from the northward. Line of battle was formed at Cold Harbor, this regiment forming in rear of the Eighty-third Pennsylvania, but orders soon came to return at once to Gaines' Mill, which was done, and the regiment moved introits old camp near that point and stacked arms, but was soon after ordered to move with the brigade toward Mechanicsville, where a heavy fight was taking place. Here the regiment halted for the night, after moving about half a mile.

At daylight the regiment, with the brigade, moved back toward Gaines house, guarding to that point a battery of 32-pounder guns. Here it turned to the left and formed in line behind Allen's Massachusetts battery, but the position of the brigade was soon after changed by moving to the rear and behind a ravine about 800 yards distant. Here the regiment formed into line rear of the Forty-fourth New york, but was soon moved about 150 yards to the rear and behind the slope of the hill, to shelter it from the enemy's artillery. Its position was in line of battle, which was soon after changed to double column at half

