
fallen back from and opened fire. The battery that had just taken its place was supported by the First Michigan Volunteers. The enemy's firing had by this time nearly ceased or was only fitfully continued, and directly stopped altogether. Our musketry and artillery played for half an hour later. It was now 9 o'clock p. m. and after. We received orders from General Porter to remain on the field and support a battery that was stationed on the right of the road, and cover our front with a line of pickets connecting with those on our right, General Sickles' brigade, and those on our left, the First Michigan. Company A, Captain Barry, was detailed for this service.

At about 1 o'clock a. m., by the order of General Couch, our picket line was withdrawn, and the regiment moved back and joined the brigade, which was found on the field of June 30 on its line of march to the rear. Our loss in killed was 2; in wounded, 37; missing, 3. During the whole of both days General Butterfield was ever among us, cheering the men and inciting them to deeds of bravery by his coolness and valorous daring. We all love him, and only hope that we may be able to follow him. Captains Brockway, Elliott, and Martin; Lieutenants Prentiss, Fuller, Brown, and Hill; Sergeant-Major Kydd and Sergeant Chittuck, of Company B; Cook, of Company A, and Jewett, of K, all displayed true courage and the right spirit in the right place. They are particularly worthy of notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. RUEHLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain THOMAS J. HOYT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 131. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Robert M. Richardson,

Twelfth New york Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 4, 1862.

SIR: At my first leisure moment I have the honor to report that on the 26th day of June last, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon (Colonel Weeks being sick), I broke camp near Watts' house, on the eastern side of the Chickahominy, and in company with the brigade, excepting the Seventeenth New York Volunteers, went to meet the enemy. This regiment was 538 strong. After a severe and devious march we bivouacked near Mechanicsville in support of the Pennsylvania Reserves. At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 27th we fell back to the hills east of Dr. Gaines's house, where we made a stand to await the enemy. Our regiment was posted on the summit of a hill immediately in rear of the Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, which occupied a ravine some 25 feet below us. At 11 o'clock in the forenoon the skirmishers of the enemy made their appearance on the opposite hill, and soon after a sharp engagement commenced on our right, where General Martindale's brigade was posted, and as the skirmishers on our immediate front fell back 	I changed front to the right, by order of General Butterfield, to support General Martindale. The enemy, however, coming forward in force on our front, I resumed my first position and opened fire di-

