
gallant and lamented Barnum fell, mortally wounded, while cheering on our men to victory. The color-bearers of the enemy fell four times during the engagement from our fire, and at one time he displayed the American colors. Our officers and men exhibited great coolness and courage during the fight. Captains Wood, Fowler, Root, Hoagland, and Huson rendered important service, and seemed to redouble their efforts after the fall of the major, who was the life of all. Captain Fowler aided me very much in encouraging the men, continually passing along the lines from right to left. Captain Root was wounded during the action. Lieutenants Ludden, Stanton, Behan, Clark, Bates, Smith, and May behaved handsomely, and were constantly at their posts. Our loss during the engagement was 11 killed, 55 wounded, and 4 missing.

I had entertained very serious doubts as to the propriety of my taking the regiment so far to the left without direct orders, but I was greatly relieved from any embarrassment the next morning by the assurance of a general of division that our taking of that hill had tended very materially to save the fortunes of the day by preventing the enemy from turning our left flank, and if I erred may I hope the error will be overlooked in consideration of the good service the regiment did in the field. Blackburn's Ford had fixed a stain upon the reputation of the regiment and every one was determined to wipe it out. The same general that censured there commended here. Throughout both days, and particularly when the heaviest cannonading was going on, the activity and spirit of our general gave life and confidence to the officers and men of my command, and wherever he rode, out or in, watching the progress of the fight, his presence was hailed by the men with enthusiasm.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. RICHARDSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Twelfth New York Vols., Commanding.

Captain THOMAS J. HOYT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., MARCH 25, 1863.

GENERAL: In reply to your inquiry as to whether the Twelfth Regiment New York Volunteers is not one of the regiments not in your own brigade that came your command at the battle of Malvern Hill, July 1, 1862, I beg leave to say that shortly after 6 o'clock in the afternoon of that day, and just as I emerged with that regiment from the woods and reached the road that passed in rear of your brigade, I halted the regiment in the road and went to the right in search of General Butterfield. Not seeing him I reported to you for orders, whom I found mounted near the road with your brigade. I informed you that I had been separated from General Butterfield's regiments, and asked if I should move directly forward. You replied that you held that front with your brigade, and directed me to take in my regiment farther to the left, indicating the position, which I obeyed. I make this statement in justice to you, as I suppose I should have done in my report of the actions of my regiment at that memorable battle.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. RICHARDSON,

Late Lieutenant-Colonel Twelfth New York Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. H. MARTINDALE, Military Governor, &amp;c.

