
the transport Vanderbilt. The Seventeenth I embarked on the gunboats; Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram, with three companies, on board the Marblehead; Major Grower, with three companies, on board the Chocura, whilst I, with the four remaining companies, embarked on board the Sebago. General Stoneman, with the cavalry and light battery, left the vicinity of the White House at 9 p. m. on Saturday, and by a forced march reached Yorktown on Sunday. The gunboats remained in the vicinity of White House until Sunday afternoon, a portion of the Seventeenth landing on Sunday morning to complete the work of destruction, and having a brush with the enemy's skirmishers, their force showing themselves upon the plain, composed, apparently, of three regiments of infantry, two of cavalry, and a light horse battery. In this affair I had 2 men wounded, 1 seriously, the other slightly, and left Fortress Monroe.

Dropping down to Cumberland, we waited until all transports had left and what remained destroyed, and came to anchor for the night at West Point. All the property here was shipped, with the exception of 8 army wagons and 18 head of cattle, on shore near the old battle ground. I put on board the Sebago 35,000 rounds of ball-cartridge, caliber 58, which I found on shore at West Point. It still remains on board the Sebago, now on James River. Just before daylight Monday morning the enemy's signal rockets were seen abreast of us, opposite West point, and their advanced cavalry patrol on Monday afternoon within 9 miles of yorktown. At noon on Monday, all transports having dropped down the river, the gunboats followed in the rear, all coming to anchor at Yorktown. At this place i went on shore to communicate with General Stoneman; found he had left for the Fortress leaving orders for me to follow and report to General Dix.

The companies on board the Marblehead and Chocura I transferred to the transport Catskill, remaining on board the Sebago myself with four companies; came to anchor at Hampton Roads about 10 p. m. The next morning, on reporting to General Dix, I was ordered to proceed with my command up the James River to Harrison's Bar, where I would receive orders. Colonel Barnes, with his command, remained on board the Vanderbilt. The Seventeenth New York Volunteers I transferred the gunboat Sebago and transport Catskill to the transport Kennebec. After getting provisions and obtaining blankets, shelter-tents, and haversacks for those lost on the march, proceeded up the river, and rejoined our division Wednesday at 5 o'clock p. m.

As my command went light, the men's knapsacks were left in camp, and all destroyed at the battle of Friday last. The baggage of nearly all my officers was thrown out of the wagons on the retreat to this point. Four wagons and one ambulance arrived here in safety with the rest of the train from the Chickahominy. Two wagons and one ambulance which were with my command on the expedition to the White House went through with General Stoneman's command and arrived at Fortress Monroe in safety, where I directed them to be turned over to the quartermaster's department.

I inclose herewith the reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram and Major Grower. Colonel Barnes has not yet sent in his.

In the absence of General Stoneman I have made my report direct.

Very respectfully,

H. S. LANSING,

Colonel Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

