
of his regiment bivouacked within supporting distance. Two sections, with the Seventeenth New York as support, took up their position on the commanding bluff where Major-General McClellan had his head quarters in the forward movement, the cavalry a little our rear General Stoneman had cavalry patrols and pickets posted on all the roads leading to our position.

At daylight I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram with 200 men to Tunstall's Station. One train of cars passed up the road early in the morning. Soon after stragglers began to arrive, and gave us the first knowledge of the result of the action the day before, the 27th. General Stoneman sent for a locomotive and attempted to run up the road, but the pickets brought information that the enemy had Dispatch Station, and were moving in force down the railroad. A note from Colonel Ingalls, quartermaster, informed General Stoneman the he had received a dispatch from the rebels stating that they were after us. General Stoneman, General Emory, and myself then consulted together as to our best line action, it was through by Long Bridge and join our forces on the opposite side of the Chickahominy.

Orders were sent calling in all our pickets and scouting parties.

Before they arrived another note came from Colonel Ingalls, stating that all our forces had crossed the chickahominy, and that the enemy had at least 60,000 men between us and that stream; also stating that he could furnish transportation for 1.200 men. General Stoneman at once ordered the command to fall back upon White House. Colonel Barnes with the battery took the Valley road. I with the Seventeenth, kept on the hill flanking the valley on the right. General Emory covered the rear and left flank. Arriving at the hill flanking the valley on the right. General Emory covered the rear and left flank. Arrived at the White House, I stacked arms and served my men with a spirit ration. General Casey was at the house with General Stoneman when word came that rebel cavalry advance were in sight. General Stoneman at once mounted and moved out upon the plain to cover the embarkation.

Under Colonel Ingall's direction, and Colonel Morris' of the Ninety-third New York Volunteers, the torch was applied to the public property. The Eighteenth Massachusetts and Ninety-third New York embarked upon transport. The Seventeenth New York I divided and sent on board gunboats: Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram with three companies on board the Marblehead, Major Grower and three companies on board the Chocura, four companies on board the Sebago, making my own headquarters on board the latter vessel; afterward sent a sergeant and 15 men on board the Currituck. By dark all the transports had gone, leaving the gunboats. At 9 p. m. General Stoneman telegraphed a farewell, and started for Yorktown, with the cavalry and the battery, arriving there the next day, Sunday, 29th instant, at 3 p. m. The conflagration was magnificent, but sad; it lighted up the whole country, and prevented the enemy from coming near the shore, as they could by seen. The Whiter House mansion was burned by an incendiary-as I am informed, a private of the Ninety-third New York Volunteers-not by any order.

At daylight 29th instant some of the enemy's sharpshooters, having crept on the bank, began an annoying fire upon the Marblehead. Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram landed some men, and while a portion with the boat's crew applied the torch to property not yet destroyed the deployed 20 men as skirmishers and drove their sharpshooters to the woods. Within 500 yards of the woods two regiments of infantry opened fire his party, thus showing positions. The Marble

