
head opened fire from her 11-inch gun, and a few shell drove them out of sight. Our skirmishers retired to the boats in safety. A negro accompanying the party was the only one shot. Captain Wilson, of the Seventeenth New York Volunteers, had stationed himself in the crosstrees as a lookout, the bank being too high to see from the deck. Discovering their cavalry forming in the peach orchard, in rear of the mansion, he indicated their direction with his hand, giving his estimate of the distance. Two shells were fired and burst among them, dismounting some and sending the rest flying over the plain.

A light battery next moved up to take position on the point below to enfilade the boats. Again, by Captain Wilson's aid, a shell was dropped, arresting the battery and dismounting a gun. Three pieces, however, got in position and fired six rounds at the Marblehead at as she moved down the stream, without, however, doing any damage. Under cover of this fire some of their riflemen lined the bank and poured in a sharp fire, which was sharply returned by the men of the Seventeenth, under cover of the hammock-netting. Two men were slightly and one severely wounded by this fire. Steaming down the river the gunboats drove all vessels before them, waiting for tugs sent by Colonel Ingalls to draw off those aground or abandoned at their anchors, as many of the were. Stopping at Cumberland, all Government property left was destroyed; dropping anchor at West Point at sundown Sunday evening, 29th of June.

At this place I found 40,000 rounds of ball-cartridge, which I had put on board the Sebago. All property left here, but of little worth, was destroyed, except half a dozen wagons and a dozen head of cattle, left on the old battle-ground at West Point. There were 18 head of cattle, 6 of which I had slaughtered for the boat's crew, and my men sailed from West Point Monday, June 30, arriving at Yorktown about 3 p. m., having cleared the York River above of everything.

Going on shore to report to General Stoneman i found he had gone to Baltimore, leaving orders for me to report to General Dix at Fortress Monroe. Sailed at once, and arrived at the Fortress during the Fortress during the night. Reported to General Dix the morning of Tuesday, July 1, and received orders to take transports up James River to Harrison;s Bar. Finding Colonel Barnes still on board his transports I dispatched him at once. My movements delayed in procuring a transport and transshipping my men from gunboats. Pending this movement I obtained shelter-tents and haversacks for my men, which had been lost in the retreat. Sailed Tuesday evening, and arrived at Harrison's Bar on Wednesday, July 2. Disembarked immediately, and reported my arrival to General Porter, commanding corps.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. S. LANSING,

Colonel Seventeenth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE, A. A. G., Fifth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to the headquarters Army of the Potomac. This narrative furnishes a record of that portion of my command which, under General Stoneman, was not engaged in the battles of the Seven Days, but which rendered valuable and trying services on our right and at White House.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

