
I herewith transmit the report of Major Grower, in command of detachment on board the Chocura.

Very respectfully,

N. B. BARTRAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventeenth Regiment New York Vols.

Colonel H. S. LANSING,

Commanding Infantry Detachment, Stoneman's Expedition.

Numbers 134. Report of Major William T. C. Grower,

Seventeenth New York Infantry, of operations June 28.

ON BOARD STEAMER KENNEBEC,

July 2, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you, as commanding detachment, consisting of Companies D. E. and G. Seventeenth Regiment, as follows:

In pursuance of orders, embarked the detachment under my command on the gunboat Chocura. Lieutenant Pattison, U. S. Navy, commanding, on Saturday, June 28. The enemy being reported in force in the vicinity of the White House, and our vessel aground a short distance below in the night, our position became somewhat critical, as the bank was too high to bring the guns of the boat to bear. After consulting with Lieutenant Pattison on the situation I decided to keep a company under arms, placed along the bulwarks of the vessel, so as to pick off the should be make his appearance, and also to send a picket on shore. I accordingly posted a line, under command of Lieutenant Perry, of Company G, placing the men in a semicircle, so as to keep a good lookout and at the same time protect the flanks and prevent them from being cut off. The vessel being about 1 o'clock the concerted signal was made (a light at the mast-head) and the pickets draw in, and the vessel moved down the stream, Lieutenant Pattison being anxious to get the vessels down the river, there being no further use for them there. That the precautions taken by me were not unnecessary was proved by the attack on the attack on the Marblehead.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WM. T. C. GROWER,

Major, Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant-Colonel BARTRAM,

Commanding Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Numbers 135. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James C Rice,

Forty-fourth New York Infantry of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH REGIMENT N. Y. S. VOLS.,Third Brigade, General Butterfield Commanding, July 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: As field officer of the day for the 27th day of June last I have the honor to report that at daybreak the brigade the brigade was under arms

22 R R-VOL XI, PT II

