
by division, right front, to take its position in this space, which was sufficiently wide deploy two small regiments in line of battle. The Eighty-third Pennsylvania was stationed on the right and the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers on the left, supported by the Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers and the Twelfth New york Volunteers, respectively. Directly to the front was General Martindale's brigade, and between his and our own a battery of artillery.

For two hours the brigade calmly and firmly endured the severest fire of shell, grape, canister, shrapnel, and round shot without a man leaving the ranks save those who were wounded. At about 5 o'clock in the afternoon the enemy attacked the left of our line with greatly vigor, and the general moved up the Eighty-third Pennsylvania and the Sixteenth Michigan to support certain to support certain batteries in front, and soon afterward the Forty-fourth New york Volunteers was ordered to deploy and prepare for action. At this time, while the musketry fire of the enemy was terrific and he seemed to be successfully advancing against all opposition, the bugle sound of the Third Brigade to charge was heard immediately was ordered to advance, although the general was far in front and beyond sight, leading on the other regiments of his brigade. The Twelfth New York Volunteers followed, passing through the woods farther to our left. Onward the Forty-fourth marched in regular line of battle, with its colors far advanced, passing, line after line of our troops, who loudly cheered our flag as we steadily and firmly pressed on, till at length, beyond the extreme front of our forces and within 100 yards of the enemy, the regiment was ordered to charge bayonets upon his lines. Scarcely had the regiment charged 50 yards toward the enemy before his lines broke and fell back, leaving his colors upon the field some 20 or 30 yards in front of our regiment. A dozen officers and soldiers sprang forward from our ranks to seize them, when a sergeant of the Eighty-third Pennsylvania (which regiment we had passed on our right in the charge), fired to deeds of valor and daring by words spoken to him by the general, rushed forward, and running across the entire right wing of our regiment, outstripped all his competitors in the race, seized the colors, bore them off, and handed them to the general.

Another brigade of the enemy was now advancing toward us. My command was ordered to halt and commence firing. For nearly half an hour the regiment held this brigade at bay by its constant and unerring fire, till the general commanding the corps personally led up re-enforcements to our relief, whose valor turned the fortunes of the day and secured a most signal victory to our arms.

The Forty-fourth New York entered this engagement with 225 men. Its loss was 11 killed, 84 wounded, and 4 missing. Among the wounded were Captain Shaffer and Lieutenant Woodworth, the latter mortally. At 10 o'clock at night, in company with Surgeon Frothingham and Assistant Surgeon Bissell, with a detachment from the regiment, I went over the field of battle, gathered together all our wounded, many of whom were lying among the wounded of the enemy, and carried them over a mile by hand in blankets to the hospital, there being no ambulances on the field. Passing from the battle-field to the hospital I received orders to march my command with the brigade to this point, and report the same to the general, which was duly obeyed.

I desire especially to commend to the most favorable notice of the general commanding the gallant conduct of Private James B. Hitchcock, of Company K, who, after four color-bearers had been shot down,

