
asked permission to carry the colors, and although subsequently severely wounded twice, refused to resign the flag into any other hands than those of the commanding officer who had intrusted it to him.

I would also call the attention of the general to two instances of gallant and faithful conduct on the field of battle: Corporal Blaisdell, of Company H, was shot in the arm early in the action, and was urged by his captain to go the rear, but he preferred to remain, when he was again struck in the head and face by the enemy's balls and fell, supposing himself mortally wounded. Lying upon the ground, he bade his captain farewell, and told him to say to his parents "that he died in a good cause." Afterward, recovering from the first shock, he walked from the field of battle during the night to Harrison's Landing, carrying his musket and straps, and delivered them into the hands of his captain, with the request that he would preserve the same until he should be able to return to duty. Corpl. L. Thompson, of Company H, by order of the commanding officer, was sent to the rear to bring up provisions for the regiment, and when he returned he found his regiment engaged in action. He immediately joined the regiment and remained with the same until it was relieved by the Irish Brigade. Not having time to exhaust his cartridges, he joined the Sixty-ninth New York, and remained with it until his ammunition was expended, when he returned to his company and marched off the field at the close of the action with his regiment.

I would also commend to the notice of the general the good conduct of the following officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers during the engagement: Captains Conner, Larrabee, Shaffer, and Danks; Lieutenants Woodworth, Nash, Webber, and Herendeen; Sergeants Russell, Dunham, Rexford, Thomas, Johnson, Sentell, Weaver, Campbell, Mason, and Hatch; Corporals Hilleabrandt, Wilbur, Kinney, Longwell, Harris, Whitbeck, and St. John; Privates Watson, Ferris, Pabodie, Skinner, Wood, Burnett, McClanathan, Case Buck, Angus, Ferguson, Seeley, Oliver, Damms, Duff, and Wendell.

I would also again especially call the attention of the general to the faithful conduct of Surg. William Frothingham during the engagement in his untiring attention to the wounded.

I cannot conclude this report, with a strict deference to truth and justice, without again calling the attention of the commanding general to the conduct of Captain M. McN. Walsh, of Company E, who again without permission left his company in the midst of the engagement and retired from the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. RICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-fourth New york Vols.

Captain THOMAS J. HOYT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 136. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Hugh S. Campbell,

Eighty-third Pennsylvania infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD PA. VOLS., THIRD Brigadier,July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: Agreeably to paragraph 742, page 107, Army Regulations, I have the honor to make the following report relative to the

