
unteers were the peers of any troops on that hard-fought field. The Twelfth and Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, under Major Clitz and Captain O'Connell, advanced in the most perfect order in line, and heroically aiding Warren's brigade (Fifth and Tenth New York Volunteers), drove the enemy from our left and center far into the woods beyond. In connection with this movement the Third U. S. Infantry, under Major Rossell, was thrown from its original position to the right and rear of the Twelfth and Fourteenth, and while in this exposed situation, boldly resisting the foe, the gallant major lost his life.

In was now 5.30 p. m. The enemy still continued to pour in fresh troops against 4,500 men, who had baffled him at every point since 11 in the morning. Their excess of strength compelled the Twelfth and Fourteenth to occupy the crest of a secondary ridge somewhat in rear of the position they had previously won. While holding it they were attacked in overwhelming numbers, the Twelfth decimated, and Major Clitz severely, if not fatally, wounded. Around his fate, still shrouded in mystery, hangs the painful apprehension that a career so noble, so soldierly, so brave, has terminated on that field, whose honor he so gallantly upheld. Previous to this a brigade of volunteers, under Co. J. J. Bartlett, consisting of the Sixteenth and Twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, Fifth Maine, and Ninety-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Kingsbury's battery, Regular Artillery, joined my command. Under my direction, Colonel Barlett posted the regiments of his brigade with great daring in front of and around McGehee's house, and firmly maintained himself until the center of Porter's army was pierced, the troops in his front driven in, his left flank exposed, and his position no longer tenable. Kingsbury's battery (regulars) unlimbered on the crest of the ridge near and to the right of McGehee's house, and maintained its stand with great obstinacy and effect until the enemy were upon it and the infantry supports forced from the field.

In the early part of the action I was compelled to separate the sections of Captain Edwards' battery, but in their assigned positions thy were admirably served, and moving from the center to the front and center to the left were more exposed than any other guns in the division. One of these sections near McGehee's house held its ground until the final attack of the enemy, when, having all its chiefs of pieces killed or wounded and its horses disabled, it was impossible to bring it off, and it fell a trophy to the foe.

Bartlett's troops now fell back to the foot of the hill. The Third, Twelfth, and Fourteenth U. S. Infantry joined in this movement, covered by Kingsbury's battery, which taking a new front to the right and rear of its former one and supported by the Third U. S. Infantry, held the rebels at bay until the troops had passed. Weed's and Tidball's batteries, with the Fourth U. S. Infantry, still kept their original position on the Old Cold Harbor road. The skillful handling of these guns during the battle prevented the enemy from turning my right flank, on which he made three distinct attacks, forced him to develop his own attack on the center and left of my line, and, with the assistance of the Fourth U. S. Infantry, cleared the way for themselves to retire to our new rendezvous.

This much for the right of my line. On the left, when the enemy had pushed back the troops opposed to him the Tenth, Eleventh, and Seventeenth U. S. Infantry (which, though always under fire, had been my principal reserve) were brought forward in the handsomest manner, winning the admiration of their brigade commander, Major Lovell, by their wonderful coolness and steadiness; but the tide was too strong

