
for them. Few in numbers, they could not stem it. Here also a small remnant of the Second Infantry, less than 70 strong, rallied near the outhouses of McGehee's farm, and, led by Captain Bond and Lieutenant Grafius, Second Infantry, my assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Foster, and my assistant quartermaster, Lieutenant Parker, drove an entire regiment of rebels from their path. These battalions, the rest of Lovell's brigade, and Warren's troops, exhausted and out of ammunition, sullenly retired along the slope in rear of McGhee's, and united with the rest of the division at its base. At this point, half a mile from the battle-field, my command remained until relieved, about 9.30 p. m., by the brigades of French and Meagher.

These brigades were not in the action just closed. This was accomplished with-out confusion, and the troops bivouacked on the heights formerly occupied by the Headquarters of the Army of the Potomac, and commanding the approaches from the river.

At 6 p. m. on the 28th I resumed the march to White Oak Swamp via Savage Station, and halted in rain and darkness at 2 in the morning. At dawn I continued my route, crossed the swamp at Brackett's Ford, and occupied a position on the Charles City road near its junction with the New Market and Quaker roads, and in communication with the troops of General Couch.

In the afternoon (29th) the division of general Hooker crossed the swamp and bivouacked in rear of my line. A brigade under General Berry also approaching, i requested him to establish it on my right, which, with the assistance of Colonel Warren, who had reconnoitered the ground, was immediately done.

Early on the 30th, General Kearny having arrived with the remainder of his troops, my division was withdrawn, and took up the march for Turkey Island Bridge. I reached the plateau of Malvern about 11 a. m., where, agreeably to the orders of General F. J. Porter, and assisted by Colonel G. K. Warren, Fifth New York Volunteers, all the available artillery was posted to control the approaches in our front. Two regiments of Buchanan's brigade were thrown into a clump of pines on my extreme right. The other two supported Weed's battery (regulars) and one of New york Volunteers. Chapman's brigade, commanded by Major Lovell, Tenth Infantry, prolonged the line to the left, covering the guns of Edwards, Carlisle, and Smead (regulars), and Captain Voegelee's battery of New York Volunteers, Artillery reserve. Warren's brigade was thrown in the valley on the left and below the plateau, watching the River road from Richmond. At a later hour he was supported by the Eleventh Infantry, under Major Floyd-Jones, and strengthened by Martin's battery of light 12 pounders and a detachment of cavalry for outpost duty, under Lieutenant Hess. My tops then rested on their arms, while other corps of the army followed, and took up the ground assigned them on the plateau to the right and rear.

Nothing could be more commanding than the line I held, and when in the course of the afternoon the enemy showed himself in front, the concentrated fire of our artillery smashed his batteries to pieces, compelled him to leave two guns and six caissons on the ground, and drove his infantry and cavalry ignominiously in retreat. He was not again heard from in that direction. ("A commissioned officer taken prisoner stated this column to have been 15,000 strong, with thirty guns, and two regiments of cavalry, under Generals Holmes and Wise.")

Early on the 1st of July the enemy appeared beyond my extreme right and in front of General Griffin. A lively cannonade began and continued for a few hours. At 3 p. m., having gathered his columns,

