
the attack was renewed with great violence. The heavy batteries on my line, under Colonel Tyler, First Connecticut; Captain Carlisle, U. S. Army, and Voegelee, New York Volunteers, ranging far up the valley toward the enemy's approach, assisted in holding him at bay. This attack was mainly on the divisions of Morell and Couch. After continuing for some hours with great intensity I was directed to move in support, and with the brigades of Buchanan and Lovell marched to the field. Fortunately I arrived in time to assist in the defeat of the enemy. My troops were posted to cover the left of our line, though some of Buchanan's regiments overlapped those of our own troops immediately in front. On getting into position I discovered a strong movement of the rebels from the hill on their extreme right. Ignorant of our presence, they advanced with cheers and descended the opposite slope. I directed Captain O'Connell, commanding the Fourteenth Infantry, to reserve his fire until their flank was well exposed; then, giving the word, the Fourteenth poured in two or three well-aimed volleys, which so shattered the enemy that he field to the rear in confusion and disorder. It was now quite dark, and this closed the fight on the left. The Third and Fourth U. S. Infantry were partly engaged on the right, meeting with some loss.

The brigades bivouacked on the battle-field. At midnight Lovell's brigade was ordered to retire, while Buchanan's held its ground as a rear guard, to cover the withdrawal of the army. My Third Brigade (Warren's), still in position on the River road, was directed to head the column en route to James River, but the stream of troops hurrying along the highway shut him out from the lead. Seeing this, I held the Second and Third Brigades in hand, with a view to support the rear guard, if necessary, and permitted the army heretofore on the plateau of Malvern to pass. At 6 a.m. the road was clear, when I moved to Harrison's Landing. Buchanan's brigade, forming part of the rear guard, under Colonel Averell, in face of the enemy, covered the withdrawal of the army, and was the last to leave the plateau.

On the following day, after being under arms and moving out to meet the enemy, I encamped in my present position. In the various operations, extending from the 26th of June to the 3rd of July, it is almost impossible that any one report, striving to embody and harmonize a dozen others, should succeed. Where this harmony is wanting I beg to refer to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders, and ask for them the consideration they deserve. Those of Colonel Buchanan, Colonel Warren, and Major Lovell are particularly explicit and satisfactory.

It is my painful duty to advert to cases of misbehavior and neglect mentioned by brigade and regimental commanders, and to say that they are already the subject of official investigation.

Its is my pleasing duty to bring to the notice of the general commanding the services of Colonel R. C. Buchanan, Fourth U. S. Infantry; Major C. S. Lovell, Tenth U. S. U Infantry, and Colonel G. K. Warren, Fifth New York Volunteers, brigade commanders, and to add that their zealous co-operation in all our movements, gallantry, fortitude, and management of their troops left me nothing to direct or advise.

The continued illness of Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, Third Infantry, commander of the Second Brigade, deprived me of his valuable services in the battle herein described. Though still feeble he took the head of his brigade on the evening of the 30th, but was unable to command it on the following day. Colonel Warren, with the practical experience of an accomplished engineer, his untiring industry, unceasing energy, and unsurpassed gallantry upon the field won for himself promotion,

