
which cannot be too soon or more worthily bestowed. To my personal staff I am under great obligations. Lieutenant S. A. Foster, Sixth Infantry, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant James A. Snyder, Third Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant T. D. Parker, Second Infantry, assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant Henry Inman, Seventeenth Infantry, acting commissary of subsistence, were zealous, gallant, and active. Their duties, constant and dangerous, were performed just as I desired.

I had the misfortune to lose Lieutenant Parker, killed near the close of the action on the 27th, and the further services of Lieutenant Inman, severely wounded on the same day. Lieutenant Parker had recently won his commission, adorned it, and had endeared himself to his comrades by the qualities of a solder and a gentleman.

I respectfully refer to the services of the various commanders mentioned in the reports of their brigades, and to add my personal testimony to the coolness, courage, and valor of Colonel Bendix, Tenth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Duryea, Fifth New York Volunteers; Major Floyd-Jones, Eleventh Infantry; Major Clitz, Twelfth Infantry, and Major Andrews, Seventeenth Infantry; Captains Hendrickson, Sixth Infantry; Collins, Fourth Infantry; O'Connell and McKibbin, Fourteenth Infantry; Walker and J. D. Wilkins, Third Infantry, and Captain Bond, Second Infantry. These captains, with the exception of McKibbin, were in command of their regiments, except Capts. J. D. Wilkins and M. M. Blunt, Third and Twelfth Infantry, who were in command of their respective regiments at the battle of Malvern, July 1. In the same list I desire to include the names of Captain R. N. Scott, Fourth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade; First Lieutenant John S. Poland, regimental quartermaster, Second Infantry, and acting aide-de-camp, Second Brigade, and Rev. G. Winslow, Fifth New York Volunteers. These officers were conspicuous for gallantry throughout the 27th. The latter, acting as aide-de-camp to Colonel Warren, united in himself the duties of minister, soldier, and surgeon.

I beg also to heartily unite in the various notices of good behavior and soldierly bearing on the part of captains and subaltern officers, and in the recommendations for promotion to faithful and meritorious non-commissioned officers.

The medical officers generally were untiring in their efforts to relieve the wounded. Brigade Surgeon Bigelow, Drs. Spencer, Middleton, and Okie, U. S. Army, had charge of the field hospital. Drs. Sternberg, Forwood, Ramsey, and Woodhull, U. S. Army; Assistant Surgeon Doolittle, New York Volunteers, and Acting Assistant Surgeon Grant were prompt and faithful in their onerous duties. Dr. Doolittle is spoken of by Colonel Warren as being particularly distinguished by his services on the field after having his horse shot under him and being severely bruised. Dr. Sternberg added largely to the reputation already acquired on the disastrous field of Bull Run.

My thanks are especially due to Captain Weed, Fifth, and Captain Edwards, Third, U. S. Artillery, belonging to my division, and to Captain Tidball, Second, and Lieutenant Kingsbury, Fifth, Regular Artillery, and their lieutenants, for the superb manner in which their guns were handled. For the names of these lieutenants general is respectfully referred to the reports of the battery commanders. It is not too much to say that the enemy's attack on my right flank was frustrated mainly by the services of Captains Weed and Tidball.

In conclusion, no army ever underwent greater hardship in the same length of time than this Army of the Potomac. Seven Pitched battery attest its valor. Hunger, night marches, tropical heat, storm-drenched,

