
weary, and exhausted, they reached their new base uncomplainingly, cheerful, still defiant.

Annexed will be found tabular statements of the killed, wounded, and missing. They aggregate 8 officers killed, 30 wounded, 6 missing; 178 enlisted men killed, 656 wounded, 288 missing. Grand total, 1,122 killed, wounded, and missing.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE, A. A. A. G., Fifth Army Corps.

Numbers 138. Report of Captain Stephen H. Weed,

Battery I, Fifth U. S. Artillery, and Chief of Artillery, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR THE CHICKAHOMINY, VA.,

June 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in yesterday's engagement:

At about 12 m. I placed my guns in position at a point on the extreme right of our line, commanding the road from Cold Harbor. In a very few moments thereafter the enemy appeared on the height opposite me with artillery. I at once opened fire with evidently good effect; the distance was not over 1,000 yards. About half an hour after I had opened Captain Tidball's battery arrived. We continued in our original position until about 6.30 p.m. several times silencing the enemy.

I would particularly call the attention of the commanding general to the coolness and intrepidity of my officers-Lieutenants Watson, McElrath, and MacConell.

My men, although all recruits, with scarcely an exception, behaved well under a very galling fire toward the close of the engagement of both artillery and musketry.

I would especially mention Sergts. Lemuel Smith, Stephen Hemion, and Isaac Taylor.

My casualties are as follows: I was slightly wounded in the face by a fragment of shell. I lost 5 horses. Two pieces were disabled and abandoned on the road, the carriages having broken down. I had not time to manage their transportation. I am not able to report the casualties in Edwards' battery, as he does not yet know them himself.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WEED,

Captain, Fifth U. S. Arty., Commanding Batty., Chief of Artillery.

Lieutenant SAMUEL A. FOSTER, A. A. A. G., Sykes' Division.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA.,

July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the service of my battery since June 26:

* But see revised statement, p. 31.

23 R R-VOL XI, PT II

