
almost immediately. By the fire of our batteries the enemy was soon knocked to pieces and silenced. The fight was too unequal, and was apparently so considered by the New York battery on my right. The conduct of this battery I have already reported verbally to the general commanding the division, and also to the adjutant-general of the Army of the Potomac. I here renew that report in writing. It called itself the Fourth New York, and was commanded by a Lieutenant Nairn. I believe there is the amplest evidence that it killed an officer and 2 enlisted men of our own. However that may be, I can assert from my own knowledge, that if terrible at all it was only so to its friends. It fired quite rapidly, making considerable noise and smoke, but it fired canister at a distance of from 1,500 to 1,800 yards. Round after round of canister was fired, and, so far as I could observe, nothing, else was until long after both friend and foe had ceased firing. This irrepressible battery threw several case-shot or shell, which struck somewhere, certainly much nearer our own troops than the point at which the hostile battery had been posted.

In the battle of the 1st of July my battery was exposed only to accidental fire of the enemy, although on the afternoon of that day it had an opportunity of placing a few shot at effective range.

I would mention particularly the conduct of my officers and enlisted men. Lieutenants Watson, McElrath, and MacConnell displayed a coolness and intrepidity under heavy fire and a cheerfulness and patience in the endurance of much fatigue and loss of sleep worthy of the very highest praise. My men, although all recruits, with very few exceptions behaved exceedingly well. I would especially mention First Sergt. Lemuel Smith and Sergts. Stephen Hemion and Charles M. Taylor, and Corpl. Martin Maloy.

In closing this I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the fact and manner of the loss of three of the guns of my battery. None of them were lost on or near any battle-field. Two were disabled and abandoned while retiring from the field of the 27th ultimo; the third on the march to this point. In each case the axles were broken short off. The material used in the manufacture of these carriages was of the most villainously poor character; the iron of the axles of the very poorest quality, and never properly welded. Five of the six axles of my guns have broken since arriving at Camp Winfield Scott. Fortunately two broke and were replaced just before leaving Camp Lovell.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WEED.

Captain, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery I.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT,

Commanding Artillery Reserve.

No. 139. Report of Captain John Edwards,

commanding Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR JAMES RIVER, VA.,

July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part

