
but found the grounds in and around the hospital, which was in rear of his position, occupied by the rebels. I kept on to the right of this building and soon met Lieutenant Hayden, who informed me that the enemy advanced upon him in large numbers; that he threw double rounds of canister, when he was struck in the leg by a musket-ball and fell. Upon recovering himself, his cannoneers had left and most of the horses were slain. I get a confused account of the capture of this section, Lieutenant Hayden having been wounded. I saw nothing of it myself. Lieutenant Brownson's section did a good deal of execution during the action, throwing double rounds of canister at the rebel infantry on two different occasions when they advanced beyond their cover. Eight horses out of sixteen were shot in this section alone. Lieutenant Brownson occupied nearly the same position through the engagement, and held it unflinchingly until the last moment, although the enemy kept up a continuous fire of artillery upon the section. I cannot speak too highly in praise of the lieutenants of the battery-First Lieutenants Hayden and Kelly, who were both wounded, the latter slightly, and Second Lieutenant Brownson. They all behaved with gallantry and coolness.

My guns were advanced nearer to the enemy by 500 yards than any artillery on the field. Had I been able to have reached the section in time I think I could have saved it. In this action 2 lieutenants, 1 sergeant, and 6 privates were wounded; 1 private missing, known to have been wounded, and 24 horses were shot. My own horse was shot under me.

In the artillery combat of the 30th June the battery was posted on the height occupied by the left of the army. The enemy opened their guns upon us from their concealment in the woods on the other side of the valley. The different batteries as well as my own, posted on this hill, opened fire upon them, and they were soon silenced. The battery suffered no loss here. On the 1st of July, in the afternoon, I was ordered to the front. General Griffin directed me to a position near a small house, about 900 yards from the woods in front, where the enemy had their forces concealed. Their artillery, hidden by the woods, played upon us, but their fire was bad. The battery returned their fire with effect. The enemy's sharpshooters crept along a wooded ravine to the right and on to the left some 250 yards off,from which points they annoyed us a good deal by attempts to pick off the cannoneers. Our own sharpshooters would not advance sufficiently to drive them off, and I was forced to fire canister at them.

After some time a regiment of rebels emerged from the woods waving their flag. The battery plied them with case-shot, and as they approached nearer with double rounds of canister. The Ninth Massachusetts Regiment, which was in rear of my battery, then rose up, gave a cheer, and advanced bravely as far as the rear of my limbers, where they crouched down and opened a fire of musketry in spite of all my efforts to stop them, thereby placing my men and horses in great jeopardy. I continued the fire of canister, and under its effects the rebel ranks were broken and many men ran to the rear. I then urged this regiment forward. They advanced a short distance beyond my guns. I ordered the latter to be limbered up and to withdraw. The rebels had approached so near one of my guns that Corporal Himmer shot one with his revolver. In this engagement Lieutenant Brownson was wounded in the head by a fragment of a shell. I directed him to retire to the rear. One private was killed, 1 corporal and 5 privates wounded, and 1 private wounded and missing; 5 horses were shot.

