
time to cook; enduring everything, not only without complaint, but with absolute cheerfulness; conscious of the justice of the cause in which we are enlisted, it has earned for itself an honorable name.

Major Delozier Davidson, Fourth Infantry, absented himself from his regiment at the commencement of the action of the 27th and has not been heard of since: First Lieutenant J. B. Williams, Third Infantry, absented himself also on that occasion and has not since joined; Captain J. Carbery Lay, Twelfth Infantry, is reported as having been drunk during the evening of the 1st of July and unfit for duty, and Second Lieutenant Thomas S. Wright, Fourteenth Infantry, absented himself without leave during that evening and has not since joined.

It now becomes my agreeable duty to bring to the especial notice of the commanding general the names of the following officers, whose gallant conduct entitles them to that distinction: Captain R. N. Scott, Fourth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general of the First Brigade on the 27th June (severely wounded); Second Lieutenant William H. Powell, adjutant Fourth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general since that date; Captain J. B. Collins, commanding Fourth Infantry; Captain Hiram Dryer, acting field officer Fourth Infantry; Captain J. D. O'Connell, commanding Fourteenth Infantry; Bvt. Major M. M. Blunt, commanding Twelfth Infantry; Captain D. B. McKibbin, acting field officer Fourteenth Infantry; Captain Thomas W. Walker, acting field officer Third Infantry; Captain John G. Read, acting field officer Twelfth Infantry; Captain Frederick Winthrop, Twelfth Infantry; First Lieuts. C. R. Coster, H. E. Smith, J. G. Heckscher, and Robert L. Burnett, Twelfth Infantry.

Inclosed are the reports of the regimental commanders.

Believing that my report covers all the principal operations of my brigade, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. BUCHANAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fourth Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain FRED T. LOCKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fifth Provisional Army Corps.

Numbers 141. Report of Captain Thomas W. Walker,

Third U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP ON JAMES RIVER, July 4, 1862.

The regiment, under command of Major N. B. Rossell. left bivouac near Hall's shops and marched to Camp Lovell; left Camp Lovell at 3.30 p.m. and marched in the direction of Mechanicsville, 1 1/2 miles, and took position for battle. Bivouacked in position that night. June 27 marched at 4 a.m. to Camp Lovell; then back beyond Gaines' Mill, and took up position near the right of the line of battle, with Weed's and Tidball's batteries on our right and Griffin's battery on our left, Twelfth and Fourteenth Infantry to our left. Battle began at noon. The regiment remained in its position under fire, though not engaged, until about 4 p.m. when, the Twelfth and Fourteenth Infantry having moved forward to charge the enemy, the Third Infantry was ordered to the front under a heavy fire, and to the right of the Twelfth and Fourteenth, to take position along the edge of the woods and support those two regiments and prevent the enemy turning their flank. I was

