
here ordered by Major N. B. Rossell to report to General Sykes that the enemy's cavalry and infantry in large force were attempting to turn our right flank.

On returning to the regiment I found its whole left exposed to a murderous fire from the front, flank, and rear, and almost surrounded, and that in my absence Major N. B. Rossell had been mortally wounded. I then took command of the regiment, and the Twelfth having retired to its original position and not seeing the Fourteenth, I withdrew the regiment slowly to its first position in support of the batteries, the Twelfth Infantry being to our left. The enemy suddenly appeared in front of the Twelfth in the woods and almost decimated the regiment at a volley. I pushed forward four companies (Companies C, D, H, and I, under Captain Davies, Lieutenants Sheridan, McGuire, and Eckert), who, in conjunction with the Twelfth, which formed on their left, vigorously attacked the enemy and drove them back to the woods. This position I maintained until after night-fall and until all on my left hand had fallen back. Weed's and Tidball's batteries were still in position, and, supported by the Fourth Infantry on the right and the Third on the left, still held the enemy in check.

About 8 o'clock p.m. all on my right retired, and I slowly fell back to a line of batteries established about 600 yards in my rear, and took up a position on their right flank, and held this position until all the batteries had retired to the rear. I then withdrew from the field, the regiment being the last to pass the hospital in rear of the battle ground.

About 5 p.m. I discovered that Lieutenant Williams, commanding Company G, was unaccountably missing, and that Sergt. Wiliam Hessian, of the same company, had assumed the command of the company and was handling it well. I then detached Lieutenant Page from Company D and assigned him to the command of Company G, in which position he has since remained. Bivouacked that night near the bridge over the Chickahominy. I believed that, with the exception named, all the officers and men did their duty well, and would especially refer to the good conduct of Sergt. Major August Kaiser, First Sergt. David Grier, Company E, and First Sergt. Stanley Mourton, of Company H, all of whom have heretofore been recommended for promotion. Company K, Lieutenant Whitney, was detailed on picket early in the morning, and acted with the Fourth Infantry during the day.

June 28, left our bivouac at 1.20 a.m. and marched across the Chickahominy, and took up a position on the hill previously occupied as general headquarters, where we remained until about 5 p.m., when we took up the march through Savage Station to a point where the baggage had been left,where we halted some hours.

June 29, marched, about 1 o'clock a.m., through White Oak Swamp, to a point near New Market road.

June 30, marched to camp on James River-name unknown to me. About 4 p.m. Lieutenant Woods McGuire, and Corporals Montford, Company D, and Jansen, Company H, were killed by the firing of a battery posted on the hill immediately in rear of the Third Infantry, and commanded, I believe, by Lieutenant Nairn.

July 1, the regiment was under arms, Captain Wilkins commanding, in the woods till near night, when we were pushed forward through the woods under a heavy fire, and took up position near the left of the battle then progressing. Here the regiment remained, supporting Robertson's battery, until the battle ended, and bivouacked on the field, and collected many prisoners during the night.

