
July 2, detailed on extreme rear guard, and marched in rear of the whole army, except Averell's cavalry command, to a point about 3 miles from Turkey Bridge, where it was relieved from rear-guard duty, and marched into camp with the brigade.

Herewith inclosed you will please find of all the casualties in the regiment from the 26th June to the present date.*

In obedience to instructions from brigade headquarters I would mention the names of Sergt. Major August Kaiser, First Sergt. David, Grier, Company E, and First Sergt. Stanley Mourton, Company H, Third Infantry, as being in my opinion entitled to promotion to commission on account of their abilities, past good conduct, and excellent bearing in the engagements.

On this march all the regimental and company property has been destroyed and abandoned by order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. WALKER,

Captain, Third Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Numbers 142. Reports of John D. Wilkins,

Third U. S. Infantry, of engagement at Turkey Bridge and the battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT U. S. INFANTRY,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a report supplementary to one already furnished by Captain Walker. The reason of its not having been furnished earlier was my having been sick. In justice to myself I have the honor to state that on the 24th of June, at Camp Lovell, I was quite ill with fever, and was on the sick report, unable to attend any duty at the time the movement commenced, and was ordered by the assistant surgeon to the rear. On the day of the battle at Gaines' house I rode to the regiment in an ambulance and reported to Major Rossell for duty, and was ordered by him to return to the wagons and remain there. On the arrival of the regiment on the other side of the Chickahominy I reported for duty, and, as subsequent events proved, too soon for my health. On my arrival at this point, having been on foot nearly all the time, I was so utterly prostrated as to be entirely unfit for duty, and was sent by the assistant surgeon to the rear, and am only now sufficiently recovered to be fit for duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. WILKINS,

Captain, Third Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILIAM H. POWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade Regulars.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT U. S. INFANTRY,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 20, 1862.

SIR: In order to complete the report of the movements of his regiment during the change of the base of operations of the Army of the Potomac I have the honor to submit the following:

I assumed command of the regiment on the morning of June 28,

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 31.

