
on its arrival this side of Woodbury's Bridge. After remaining under arms at this point until evening the regiment moved, and after a night march arrived the next morning near the position occupied by General Couch's brigade. Some firing to our front and right caused an order to halt, and a subsequently order to take position on the right of the road, where we remained in line of battle all the remained in line of battle all the remainder of the 29th of June and that night.

The next morning we moved with the brigade, and were assigned to a position on or near Malvern Hills. Here we remained the 30th of June and the 1st of July until evening, exposed at intervals to the fire of the enemy's our own, and the gunboats' guns. At this point we lost Lieutenant Woods McGuire and 2 men killed, supposed to be by a shell from one of our batteries posted in our rear.

On the evening of the 1st of July we were ordered to the support of the troops already engaged in the battle of Malvern Hills. While advancing in line of battle and under fire of the enemy I received orders from General Porter in person to halt until he brought some other troops into action. A short time after I received orders to advance the regiment, which was posted by General Sykes in a position which I was directed to hold at all hazards, and here we remained the greater part of the night.

Early on the 2nd of July I received orders from Acting Brigadier-General Buchanan to change the position of the regiment, and we moved to the rear. On the arrival of Colonel Averell on the field I was detailed by him on other duty, and the command of the regiment during the remainder of the movement, until its arrival at this point, devolved upon Captain Walker, Third Infantry.

During the period I had command of the regiment both officers and men manfully performed their duties. On the night of the 1st of July, while on the field of battle, Lieutenant Penrose volunteered and with my permission advanced to a house a short distance in front of our line, and with a detachment of his company captured an officer and 23 men. Another officer came into our lines during the night, mistaking them, as he said, for his own, and was captured. The prisoners were sent to the rear.

The loss of the regiment during of the time I was in command amounted to 1 officer (Lieutenant McGuire), 2 corporals, and 1 private killed; 7 privates wounded, and 10 privates missing. A list has already been furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. WILKINS,

Captain, Third Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILIAM H. POWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade Regulars.

No. 143. Report of Captain Joseph B. Collins,

Fourth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR JAMES RIVER, VA.,

July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report relative to the operations of the Fourth U. S. Infantry since June 25, 1862:

The regiment left camp near Gaines' Mill and New Bridge, Va., on

