
great odds against them, for nearly an hour. They only fell back when they received the second peremptory order to do so. Not being able to leave the field, I soon after fell into the hands of the enemy.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the steadiness, cool courage, and gallant conduct of both my officers and men. Although their first battle, they behaved like tried soldiers, and I feel it an honor to have been their commander on so well a contested field of battle.

I can hardly express my admiration of the gallant bearing of Captains Blunt, Wister, and Sergeant, Lieutenant Coster, Stacey, Smith, Parker, Burnett, Heckscher, and Tracy, and Sergeants Evanns, Eggemeyer, Lamonier, Keller, Ongheltree, Urmston, Meek, Wagner, and Thierman. Conspicuous even among these brave officers I must not forget to mention Captains Read, Winthrop, and Stanhope, and Lieutenant Van Rensselaer.

I received throughout the day the most valuable assistance from my quartermaster, Lieutenant Franklin, and my acting adjutant, Lieutenant Stacey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. CLITZ,

Major, Twelfth Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant S. VAN RENSSELAER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 145. Report of Captain Matthew M. Blunt,

Twelfth U. S. Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR JAMES RIVER, July 4, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with your orders I forward to you a detailed account of the operations of the First Battalion, of the Twelfth U. S. Infantry from the 25th of June to the present date.

25th. Regiment marched to Totopotomoy Creek, near Old Church.

26th. Returned to Camp Lovell. On the evening of same day was called out on the road to Mechanicsville to support General McCall, and remained there all night.

27th. Crossed the creek at Gaines' Mill and engaged with the enemy from about 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. The losses in this action are stated in paper marked A.* At night crossed the Chickahominy at Grapevine Bridge and bivouacked for the night.

28th. At about 6 p.m. moved toward White Oak Swamp to Quaker road, where we remained that night.

29th. Marched toward James River, and at about 12 m. were drawn up in line of battle to meet the enemy.

30th. Marched to camp near James River, where we remained until July 2.

July 1. The regiment was engaged at about 6.30 p.m., with losses as stated in paper A. Remained on the field all night.

2nd. Marched to camp in this vicinity.

3rd. Moved to our present camp.

You, colonel, knew the part this regiment took in the action of the 27th. Contending against great odds and deprived of its gallant and brave commander, Major Clitz, toward the close of the struggle, the

* Embodied in revised statement, p.31.

