
contest was still maintained with my diminished force under the command of Captain Read. I was wounded in the early part of the action, went to the hospital to have my wound dressed, and attempted to rejoin my regiment.

To Major Clitz and Captain Read, as commanding during the action, is due the credit of conducting the regiment under the repeated attack's of the enemy. Captain Read wishes to state that while he commanded all behaved well, but the gallant conduct of Captain Winthrop, Lieutenants Coster, H. E. Smith, Burnett, and Heckscher attracted his attention.

The action on the 2nd, though short, was effective. The Twelfth and Fourteenth, advancing in line of battle, drove before them a large force of the enemy, who were attempting to outflank forces. Both regiments advanced in splendid order, were under a heavy fire of musketry for a short time, and by their prompt and steady advance prevented the attempted and nearly successful move of the enemy.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. BLUNT,

Captain, Twelfth Inft., Bvt. Major, U. S. Army, Commanding

Colonel R. C. BUCHANAN,

Commanding First Brigade of Regulars.

Numbers 146. Report of Captain John D. O'Connell,

Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BATTALION FOURTEENTH INFT.,Camp near James River, Va., July 4, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from headquarters of the brigade I have the honor to make the following report of the movements and operations against the enemy by the First Battalion Fourteenth Infantry from 26th of June to the present date:

On the 25th of June this battalion was ordered out with the brigade from Camp Lovell, near the New Bridge over the Chickahominy, to Totopotomoy Creek, near Old Church, to make a reconnaissance, where it bivouacked for the night.

June 26. Returned to Camp Lovell, where it remained until evening, when it was called out on the road to Mechanicsville to support General McCall, and remained there during the night.

June 27. Ordered across the creek near Gaunes' Mill, and engaged the enemy about 11 o'clock a.m., which continued till dark. The greater part of the day the battalion occupied the right of the Twelfth Infantry. I was directed to throw back the two right companies to protect the right flank. With this formation I succeeded in driving the enemy clear from the field, following them up to the woods, where they suffered severely. I then retired to the crest of the hill, about 200 yards from the woods in front, and saw that the Third Infantry was posted on the edge of the woods, on my right flank, leaving some distance between its left and my right. Here a severe fire was poured in on my right flank from the woods, which caused me to change front and drive them from that position. Again the enemy renewed their

24 R R-VOL XI, PT II

