
fire in my front, when I changed front and completely routed them, clearing them from the pine shrubbery in front of my position. I then returned to the crest of the hill, and finding the Twelfth and Third Infantry had retired, that the enemy's infantry could not be seen, and that their artillery had a true range of the battalion with their shells, I retired also and took my position on the right of the Twelfth Infantry near the woods, just below the house near Edwards' battery.

From this point the battalion received a severe fire from the woods, which was vigorously returned by the battalion, slowly retiring in good order to the lane near the house referred to, where it took up and held a position until the troops were drawn from the field. During this engagement five officers-Captain McIntosh, Lieutenants Sinclair, McElhone, Lyon, and Hoover-were wounded, the last three badly. Eighteen enlisted men were killed, 113 wounded, and 12 missing.* The list of killed is probably greater than here stated. The officers and men behaved well. At night crossed the Chickahominy and encamped on the ground that had been occupied by the general headquarters near Savage Station.

June 28. Moved in the direction of White Oak Swamp.

June 29. Crossed the swamp and arched to the head of Quaker road and laid there that night.

June 30. Moved down Quaker road and occupied a camp near James River

July 1. Participated in the battle fought near that camp, having 1 man killed, 11 wounded, and 1 missing. At night the First Brigade, which was in advance, formed the rear guard, and held the position while the troops were withdrawn, and covered the movement of the army to the rear.

July 3. Moved to this camp.

At the battle of the 1st the battalion arrived just in time to engage a regiment of the enemy, which was completely routed. The officers and men behaved well. Captain McKibbin, the second in command, was everywhere his presence was required. The conduct on both the above occasions is much to be admired. The company officers in their places behaved in like manner. Lieutenant Wright absented himself from the battalion on the evening of the 1st and did not join until near the present camp, and could not satisfactorily account to me for his from the battalion.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. O'CONNELL,

Captain, Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant POWELL,

Adjt. Fourth Inft. A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Sykes' Div.

P. S.-At the battle of July 1 the battalion took 11 prisoners, who were disposed of as directed by the division commander.

Numbers 147. Report of Major Charles S. Lovell,

Tenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the opera-

