
tions of the Second Brigade, Sykes' division, while temporarily under my command:

Early on the morning of June 27, 1862, while passing an old camp near Gaines' Mill, I was informed by one of his aides that Colonel Chapman was too continue in command, and had been ordered by the surgeon to the hospital at general headquarters, relinquishing the command of the brigade to me. The command halted for an hour or more after crossing the Mill Bridge; then marched on for a mile to the vicinity if the battle-ground; there formed in masses, and remained until near 12 o'clock m., when by direction of the general commanding, the Second Infantry and the battalion of the Tenth and Seventeenth Infantry were drawn up in line of battle on a cross-road as a support to the Third Brigade, then in line the field in front. The Sixth Infantry was posted near the field hospital and the Eleventh on the right of the batteries, near General Porter's headquarters. My orders were to "give Colonel Warren all the support in my power."

About 4 o'clock p.m. the musket firing became very heavy, and I sent forward the Second Infantry and Tenth and Seventeenth Infantry battalion to form on Colonel Warren's right. They advanced in line very handsomely, and immediately took part in the general action. I then ordered the Sixth Infantry to take up a position in the edge of the timber on Colonel Warren's left. Major Floyd-Jones, commanding battalion Eleventh Infantry, was continued in his former position, supporting the batteries as before mentioned. The enemy were driven back to the woods three different times by the determined bravery of our troops.

The Second, Tenth, and Seventeenth, having expended their ammunition, fell back in good order to the cross-roads about half an hour before sunset. I then went up to the general's headquarters, and before O could find him, the enemy in overpowering numbers forced out troops to retire and took possession of our former ground. Every exertion was made by the officers to urge on the men to drive him back, in which Lieuts. S. A. Foster and T. D. Parker, of the division staff, and Lieutenants Poland and Kroutinger, of the brigade staff, were very active, and behaved in the most gallant manner. Major Andrews, commanding battalion Tenth and Seventeenth Infantry, and Captain Bond, commanding Second Infantry, as also Lieutenants Lauman and Cutting, of the Tenth Infantry, were conspicuous for their bravery, and used every exertion to beat back the enemy. About sunset Lieutenant Parker was shot in the head, an fell dead from his horse a short distance in rear of the house which was at the first part of the engagement established as a field hospital.

For a more detailed account of the services of each battalion I respectfully refer to the reports of commanders, herewith inclosed.

On the 2nd of July the brigade was marched to the support of the First Brigade and was formed on its left, but was not under any heavy fire of the enemy and was withdrawn from the field about 1.30 a.m.

During the engagement of the 27th Lieutenants Poland and Kroutinger rendered me most important services in transmitting my orders to the different parts of the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Major, Tenth Inft., Commanding Second Brigade, Sykes' Division.

Lieutenant SAMUEL A. FOSTER,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., General Sykes' Div. Reg. Inft.

