
a momentary confusion in the ranks. Order was, however, soon restored and the regiment again placed in position, which it continued to hold throughout the balance of the day, exposed at times to a heavy fire from the enemy, from which it only retired when the troops occupying the field to the right and left if it had fallen back at the close of the contest, causing its right flank to be exposed to a severe fire of musketry, which killed and wounded a number of men in the companies on the right of the line.

A list of casualties upon this occasion has already been furnished.* Of those then reported as missing several of the soldiers have since joined their companies. Captain Foote, who was reported among the missing, is, upon a report of a sergeant who saw him shot about the time the regiment began to retire from the field, supposed to have been killed.

In the battle of the 2nd of July instant the regiment occupied the extreme left of the line engaged, but was not engaged with the enemy upon that occasion. It lay upon the field of battle until a late hour of the night, and captured a few prisoners, who were sent to division headquarters.

The officers present with the regiment in the battle of the 27th ultimo were Captain T. Hendrickson, commanding the regiment; Lieutenant Sanders, adjutant; Captain R. W. Foote, acting field officer; Captain L. C. Bootes, commanding Company G; Captain B. F. Smith, commanding Company E; Captain John McCleary, commanding Company H; Captain M. Bryant, commanding Company D; First Lieutenant H. A. F. Worth (wounded), commanding Company B; First Lieutenant D. D. Lynn (wounded), commanding Company K; First Lieutenant Joseph B. Rife, commanding Company F; Second Lieutenant Charles M. Pyne, commanding Company I; Second Lieutenant Alexander H. Freeman, Second Lieutenant George T. Hodges, Second Lieutenant Abram W. Bickley, and Second Lieutenant Jeremiah P. Schindel, all of whom acted with great coolness throughout the day.

The same officers, except Captain Foote and Lieutenant Worth, were with the regiment in the battle of the 2nd instant. Captain Upham was also with his company (I) upon this occasion.

No individual act of bravery on the part of the non-commissioned officers or privates of the regiment calling for special commendation has been brought to my notice except that of Sergt. Major George Anderson, whose conduct for coolness while under fire was quite conspicuous.

I have the honor to be, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

T. HENDRICKSON.

Captain, Sixth Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Second Brigadier, Sykes' Div., Camp near James River, Va.

Numbers 150. Report of Major De Lancey Floyd-Jones,

Eleventh U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Mill.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH INFANTRY,Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following operations of the Eleventh Infantry since the 26th ultimo:

On the afternoon of that day the regiment moved from its camp a

* See revised statement, p. 40.

