
short distance up the Mechanicsville road, acting as a support to McCall's division, then engaged. It here bivouacked for the night.

Early on the morning of the 27th it moved to a position between Cold Harbor and Gaines' farm, where, in company with the other troops of the division, they took up the line of battle selected for them. The duty assigned the Eleventh was that of supporting two or more batteries of artillery-Martin's Massachusetts battery being among the number-and from 12 m. until 6 p.m. the regiment remained exposed to a severe cannonade from the enemy's shot and shell, from the effects of which, however, it was partially protected by a slight hill.

About 6 p.m. it became evident that our line was everywhere giving way and that our troops were being pushed. At this time the regiment was advanced in line to cover the retreat of Martin's battery, which withdraw firing, as also did the other batteries. Upon watching the front the enemy was seen approaching in heavy force, driving before him the remnants of our broken regiments. As soon as these were cleared away we gave him several valleys, holding him in check long enough to cover the retreat of the batteries. At the first five we received on reaching the extreme front two regiments of our troops, which had reformed in our rear, broke and disappeared. Being thus left entirely alone with a handful of men, and in danger of being but off, the regiment was in good order withdrawn to the second position occupied by our forces.

It gives me much pleasure to call your attention to the self-possession and good conduct of both officers and men on this occasion. For troops never before under fire their conduct was such as must necessarily be the subject of much pride and praise. First Lieutenant D. M. Vance, Eleventh Infantry, particularly distinguished himself. I have also to thank my adjutant for his efficiency on this occasion.

On the night of the 27th ultimo the regiment crossed the Chickahominy and bivouacked. The following day the regiment was drawn up to support batteries covering approaches to the Woodbury Bridge, but marched at sunset on its way to James River. The march was continued throughout the night, and on the morning of the 29th crossed the While Oak Swamp, and was thrown out as a picket, to protect the passage of the wagon train. On the 30th removed in the direction of the James River, and about sunset were detached from the Second and joined to the Third Brigade (Warren's), and continued with it, performing chiefly picket duty, until the 2nd of July. During the battle of the 1st it again supported Martin's battery. On the 2nd the regiment marched to its present position.

The regiment went into battle which about 270 muskets.

Very respectfully,

DE L. FLOYD-JONES,

Major, Eleventh Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant A. W. KROUTINGER, A. A. A. G., Second Brigade of Regulars.

Numbers 151. Report of Major George L. Andrews,

Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.
HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION, SECOND Brigadier, SYKES' DIV.,July 4, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to your orders I assumed command of this battalion early on the morning of the 27th ultimo and continued in

