
the fight the artillery on both sides was silent. The enemy continued to throw forward fresh troops. The gallant and lamented Major Clitz engaged them on the right.

The Sixth Regular Infantry came to re-enforce me and I placed them in position. General Reynolds also came up now with his brigade, and I withdrew my shattered regiments. Besides the exhaustion of the men from their efforts, and the bad condition of the arms from the firing we had done, about 140 of the Fifth New York Volunteers and about 50 of the Tenth New York Volunteers were killed and wounded.

The battle had now become general all along our lines and the artillery had resumed its fire. I took up a position, supporting a 20-pounder battery, just to the rear of the first position, and maintained it, though suffering continually from the enemy's fire, which now reached all parts of the field. To our left was the Eleventh U. S. Infantry, also supporting batteries. Toward evening the enemy succeeded in forcing back the division on our left, when the batteries we supported were withdrawn, we throwing in all the fire our diminished numbers would permit. We here witnessed the firm stand of the Eleventh U. S. Infantry on our left and the charge of the Second U. S. Infantry on our right. The advance of the enemy on our front was thus effectually checked. We then took up a position supporting one of the batteries under Captain Platt, which position we maintained till darkness put an end to the firing and the battery was withdrawn. We were much concerned as to the cause of the cause of the cheering which took place in our rear (by the regiments of French's and Meagher's brigades), fearing they were a rebel force that succeeded in getting in our rear. From the beginning of the battle till night brought it to a close we were almost constantly under fire, of which fact I believe the general was a witness.

Our casualties in this day's battle were as follows: In the Fifth New York Volunteers, 38 killed and 110 wounded.* Among the first was Captain Wiliam T. Partridge, who fell nobly leading on his men to the charge. Among the wounded were Captain George Duryea, Lieutenant Thomas W. Cartwright, Lieutenant Felix Agnus, and Lieutenant Ralph E. Prime. Lieutenant Colonel Hiram Duryea was everywhere conspicuous in the fight, mounted on his horse, and inspired every one by his gallantry. Major Hull's horse was shot in the first charge. Captain Winslow was acting as field officer and mounted. Both acted most bravely. Colonel Duryea speaks of the gallant conduct of the following-named officers, to which I can also add my own testimony: Major H. D. Hull, Captain C. Winslow, Captain Wiliam T. Partridge, Captain George Duryea, Captain H. H. Burnett, Captain C. J. Cambreleng, Captain W. F. Lewis, Captain C. Boyd, Lieuts. C. S. Montgomery, G. O. Hager, H. G. O. Eickler, J. McConnell, J. H. Lounsberry, Charles Sargent, T. W. Cartwright, R. E. Prime, F. Agnus, S. W. Wheeler. I refer you to the list of meritorious non-commissioned officers and privates in Colonel Duryea's report, submitted herewith, and also to it for the names of the killed and wounded.

Three of the officers of the Fifth New York Volunteers left the field, it is believed unnecessary, from the effects of contusions made by spent balls. Their conduct will be made the subject of official investigation. I received a bruise on my knee by a spent ball, which gave rise to the report of my being wounded, and my horse received two balls in his neck, but he carried me all through the fight.

In the Tenth New York Volunteers Colonel Bendix reports the casualties as follows: Killed, 8 enlisted men; wounded, 42 enlisted

