
men and 2 officers-Lieutenant James R. Smith and Lieutenant George F. Tate. I annex herewith the list of casualties in detail, furnished me by Colonel Bendix.*

Colonel Bendix has not furnished any report of those distinguished for meritorious conduct. I have only to say that the colonel himself behaved in the most cool and efficient manner, always at his post, always ready to execute my orders with promptness, and always with his regiment under fire. I must also mention the gallant conduct of Surgeon Doolittle, whose horse was killed under him and himself bruised, but who has been constantly with the command to this day.

Early next morning (the 28th) we withdrew across the Chickahominy, and remained till late in the afternoon on the high bank, supporting the artillery defending, the passage of that stream. Toward evening we took up our march for the left of the army, traveled all night and crossed the White Oak Swamp next morning, the 29th of June. Here we remained in position all day and night to defend the bridge against any enemy coming from Richmond along the Charles City road.

On the morning of the 30th we moved with the division to the James River, near the mouth of Turkey Creek, and took up our position on the left in the woods, to meet the approach of any enemy along the River road. My brigade being posted in its proper position on the left, occupied the woods, observing the low, extensive, cultivated plateau beyond.

About 3 o'clock p.m. the enemy appeared along the River road and we made our dispositions to receive him, occupying the woods with our full strength, and being re-enforced by Major Jones, Eleventh Infantry, held in reserve. The enemy advanced and opened a battery against the hill occupied by General Sykes, when the fire of our artillery compelled a speedy retreat. This move of the enemy was further expedited by the shells from the gunboats, which produced much consternation among them.

Next morning, July 1, was re-enforced by Captain Martin's battery of five light 12-pounder guns. I pushed forward mu skirmishers to the front, and captured a captain and private of the attacking force of the previous day, two pieces of artillery and six caissons which they had abandoned. The fire of our artillery had been very severe, as the number of dead horses showed, and the retreat was hurried, leaving cannon, caissons, clothing, &amp;c. From my prisoners I learned that the column advancing upon us the previous day was composed of General Wise's and General Holmes' divisions, numbering 15,000 infantry, two regiments of cavalry, and thirty pieces of artillery. Lieutenant Hess, of the cavalry, with a platoon, also reported to me, and he was pushed forward till the enemy's pickets were reached. Throughout the day he continued to observe the enemy to the front while the fierce battle was going on to our right and rendered the most valuable services. We cut a road through the woods, and a section of Captain Martin's battery was placed to command the open field beyond, dispersing the enemy's cavalry with shrapnel whenever it appeared.

In the afternoon the other three pieces of Captain Martin's battery did efficient service in shelling the woods from which the enemy attacked the left of the division on our right while it was engaged in the battle. The Fifth and Tenth New York Volunteers stood to arms all day and night in this position through June 30 and July 1, expecting the enemy in front and receiving the occasional fire of our gunboats in the rear, which latter killed only one man (of the Tenth New York Vol-

*See revised statement, p. 39.

