
unteers). Though several shells burst amongst us there was only one casualty here.

About 1 a.m. July 2 we were ordered to withdraw our picket guard and proceed at once to this place. We were ready to move in a short time, but the road was so thronged with troops that we were unable to proceed till all the others had gone. We then marched to this place through the cold drenching storm of that day and bivouacked.

Next morning, July 3, we were aroused by the shells from an enemy's battery falling in close proximity to our camp, and were ordered out with the rest of the division to drive the battery away or effect its capture. This object was accomplished by other troops before we reached the locality of the battery, and we returned to occupy the pleasant camp where we now are.

This hard fighting, long marches, and sleepless nights mu command bore with manliness and cheerfulness, and far exceeded my most sanguine expectations. I shall feel proud if my superior are as well satisfied with me as I am with those I command.

My personal staff rendered me most efficient service. The Rev. Gordon Winslow acted as my aide during the fierce conflict of the 27th June in which we were engaged, and subsequently gave the most invaluable aid in removing the sick and wounded.

Lieutenant A. S. Marvin, jr., acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant A. L. Thomas, quartermaster, performed their respective duties with coolness and success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

colonel Fifth N. Y. Vols., Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant SAMUEL A. FOSTER,

Aide-de-camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 153. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram Duryea,

Fifth New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Harrison's Bar, Va., July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the movements of this regiment from June 26 to July 2, inclusive:

Thursday at 4 p.m. moved out of camp to support of McCall's division on the Mechanicsville road. Bivouacked that night in line of battle in an open field, where we remained until about 2.30 o'clock on Friday morning, when we returned to our camp, slung knapsacks, and moved on the road toward Cold Harbor. About daybreak formed line of battle on the skirt of the wood in the rear of Gaines' Mill, where we remained about two hours; then moved forward in the direction and to the left of Cold Harbor, where we formed line of battle in an open field about 10.30 o'clock a.m. Here we were rested until about noon, when, in accordance with your orders, we changed our position forward, our lines resting under the crest of the hill about 200 yards from a piece of woods, where, after remaining about half an hour, the enemy appeared in force opposite our right, advancing in successive lines of battle.

