
of Company H; Color Sergt. John H. Berrian, of company D; Color Corpl. George L. Guthrie, of Company D; Color Corpl. Leon Olivia, of Company B (killed); Orderly Sergt. Patrick Gilligan, of Company A; Private James E. Macbeth, of Company H; Sergt. Thomas R. Martin, of Company D; Sergt. John H. Reilley, of Company D; Corpl. John McKenna, of Company D; Corpl. Wiliam H. Scruder, of Company D; Corpl. Joseph H. Pierce, of Company D; Orderly Sergt. John Frie, of Company E; Sergt. John S. Raymond, of Company E; Orderly Sergt. Wiliam McDowell, of Company G; Private Wiliam F. Mandeville, of Company F (killed); Orderly Sergt. Andrew Whitehead, of Company H; Sergt. Wiliam Chambers, of Company H; Corpl. John Keeney, of Company H; Private James J. Robinson, of Company I; Private George McGeehan, of Company E; Drummer-Roy Robert Daley, of Company D. We went into action about 450 strong.

Dr. O. Munson, assistant surgeon, remained with the sick and wounded at Savage Station, and no doubt fell into the hands of the enemy. He is the officer reported missing. Of the missing enlisted men some are supposed to have been wounded and left on the field, and all are supposed to have been taken prisoners.

After leaving the battle-field we proceeded to near Woodbury's Bridge, where we bivouacked, and remained until 3 o'clock Saturday morning 28th, when we crossed the Chickahominy, and remained supporting the artillery defending the passage of the stream until about 5 p.m. We then proceeded in the direction of savage Station, marching all night, crossing the White Oak Swamp on the morning of the 29th, and halting on the Charles City road, where we remained until Monday morning, 30th, watching the Charles City road in the direction of Richmond. Monday morning took up the march, and halted about noon at Turkey Creek, near James River. Here we took a position on the Richmond road along the river.

At about 3 o'clock p.m. the enemy appeared in force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, the latter opening fire upon us. We prepared to give them battle, advancing our skirmishers along the edge of the woods, when the enemy, being fired upon by the gunboats and artillery on our right, retired. We remained on the ground that night, and in the morning were re-enforced by a section of artillery. About noon the enemy's force of cavalry and infantry again made their appearance, advancing along the Richmond road. we opened fire upon them from our battery, and succeeded, in driving them back. They afterward appeared several times during the day, but were as often driven back. In this position we were very much exposed, shells often falling inside our lines. The entire regiment remained on picket that night till 1 o'clock Wednesday morning, July 2, when we marched through a cold and drenching rain to near Harrison's Bar, where arrived and bivouacked about 5 o'clock p.m.

During all these trying scenes the men under my command have maintained a spirit of cheerfulness and determination, yielding none of their discipline or soldierly pride.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. DURYEA,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant A. S. MARVIN, Jr.

Fifth N. Y. Vols., A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Sykes' Div.

