
musketry and at a practicable distance for support of any part of the field.

My line of battle was formed in the following order from right to left: On the extreme right were seven companies of the Second Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Lieutenant-Colonel McCandless; then six companies of the First Rifles, Major Stone; next the Fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Simmons; then the Eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Hays; then the Tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Kirk; then the Tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Jackson, and the Twelfth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves on the extreme left. Meade's brigade, in reserve, consisted of the Third Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Sickel; the Fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Magilton, and the Seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Harvey. Easton's battery of four 12-pounder guns and Kerns' battery of six 12-pounder howitzers were also held in reserve.

The Sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Lieutenant-Colonel McKean, had been detached some days before days before, and was at Tunstall's railroad station, while the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, Colonel Gallagher, was on picket along the Lower Chickahominy. These two regiments were consequently thrown out of the engagement, except that the Eleventh was brought forward on the morning of the 27th, and was under fire for a short time before being withdrawn.

At about 3 p.m. the enemy's lines were formed in my front and the skirmishers rapidly advanced, delivering their fire as they approached our lines. They were answered by my artillery and a rather general discharge of musketry.

At this moment I rode along the front of several of the regiments, and I remarked in the animated and cheerful countenances of the men the promise of that brilliant success which they so nobly achieved in the sequel. In a few moments afterward the enemy, commanded by General Robert E. Lee, boldly advanced in force under a heavy artillery fire and attacked my position from right to left. I however, was not long in discovering that his principal effort was directed on my extreme right, whereupon I ordered Kerns' battery to that point, and at the same time moved forward Sickel's regiment (Third) to support it. Here for a long time the battle raged with great fury. The Georgians rushed with headlong energy against the Second Regiment, only to be mowed down by the steady fire of that gallant regiment, whose commander soon sent to the rear some 7 or 8 prisoner taken in the encounter.

The enemy now for a time retired from close contest on the right, but he kept during the whole day a heavy general fire of artillery and infantry, which, with the rapid reply of the Reserves, was at times one unbroken roar of a stunning depth. After a time, however, a heavy column was launched down the road to Ellison's Mill, where a determined attack was made. I had already sent Easton's battery to General Seymour, and I now moved the Seventh Regiment down to the extreme left, apprehending that the enemy might attempt to turn that flank by crossing the stream below the mill. Here, however, the Reserves maintained their position and sustained their character for steadiness in splendid style, never losing a foot of ground during a severe struggle with some of the best troops of the enemy, fighting under the direction of their most distinguished general. For hour after hour the battle was hotly contested, and the rapid fire of our

25 R R-VOL XI, PT II

