
where my original line crossed the road I halted the men, and having no staff officer with me I rode forward to ascertain whether some men of the Fourth whom I had left a little in advance were still on the ground-they had, as I afterward learned, joined Kearny-and I had not proceeded more than 100 yards before I rode right into the Forty-seventh Virginia Regiment, which, being drawn up under some trees, was not seen by me in the obscurity of the evening until I had ridden in among them, and thus became a prisoner.

The desultory firing on the right continued at intervals for some time, but the battle was in fact over, and my division, as I have since learned, slept in part on the ground and the remainder within a few hundred yards of the enemy, and at 2 o'clock a.m. of the 1st of July moved forward toward James River, under command of General Seymour.

The conduct of the division in this hard-fought field is worthy of all praise. Besides the officers already named, I have to thank Brigadier General George G. Meade, who was severely wounded, Colonel Sickel, of the Third Pennsylvania Reserves, and a number of others, who contributed largely to the result desired, namely, to defend the position until after the heavy supply train had placed itself in safety. Among these I must mention Acting Division Surg. A. E. Stocker, who accompanied me during a considerable part of the day and assisted in bringing the laggards into line until he was slightly wounded in the wrist by a fragment of a shell. My thanks are also due to Brigadier-General Sedgwick, whose brigade came to my support near the close of the day. Great credit is likewise due to Captain George A. Woodward, of the Second Reserves, who was severely wounded while gallantly leading his company against fearful odds.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. McCALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 25, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded to Headquarters Army of the Potomac. I have heretofore in several communications referred to the services of numerous officers, some of whom are commended herein, and asked for them rewards.

I present now the name of Brigadier-General Meade, commanding brigade, whom I accidentally omitted, and request that in the promotions for brevets his name may receive the attention his high merits deserve.

I commend to the consideration of the Government the names of the other officers specially highly spoken of in this report. Many of the officers of volunteers have been recommended to Governor of Pennsylvania for promotion.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,October 22, 1862.

I respectfully call the attention of the commanding general to the report of these actions. General McCall was in immediate command

