
of the division at Mechanicsville, was detached at New Market roads, and the absence of his reports, those of Generals Reynolds and Morell and Meade, prevented me in my preliminary report referring more specially to the services of the division, which are now made known through the commander. The reports are of exceeding interest, and put before the commanding general the services of the division, which were distinguished, and only required this report to be made part of the history of the memorable events of the war on the Peninsula, which has reflected high honor upon our arms.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, December 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement and accompanying documents supplemental to my official report of the battle of New Market Cross-Roads, June 30, 1862, and request that these papers may be appended to that report. My reasons for so doing are the following, viz: My attention has been called to General Hooker's report of the battle of Glendale, published in Wilkes' Spirit of the Times and copied into other papers, in which the conduct of the Pennsylvania Reserves is severely and unjustly reflected upon. As these troops fought with great gallantry on that day and sustained heavy loss in officers and men in a desperate conflict with thrice their numbers, holding the enemy in check till night, it is due to them and their State that their record be fairly set before the country. With that single purpose the events of that day will be here briefly recapitulated.

Whilst the Army of the Potomac was retiring upon James River one of the severest attacks made upon its right flank was that of Monday, June 30. Of the our divisions that day engaged, each maneuvered and fought independently. My own was formed in line of battle in front of the Turkey Bridge (or Quaker) road, and crossing the New Market road nearly at right angles. Hooker's division was some distance on my left, his right resting on the first-named road. The part which his division took in this engagement he calls the battle of Glendale; but as the Confederate Army advanced from Richmond down the New Market road, and as General Lee, who commanded in person, made the most determined effort to cut the Union Army in twain at this point, I have thought it proper to designate the fierce conflict which there took place the battle of New Market Cross-Roads. To the Reserves it was a desperate affair, as will be seen in some of the accompanying documents. They were barely 6,000 strong on the field, having suffered severely in the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, and one entire regiment being detached. Yet here they had to contend with A. P. Hill's and Longstreet's divisions, from the troops composing which the Reserves captured during the day about 200 prisoners and three stands of colors-one of the standards as late in the day as just before sunset, in my presence, by Private Wiliam J. Gallagher, of Company F, Ninth Regiment, who killed the rebel color-bearer in a bayonet charge and brought off the trophy, which he presented to me on the spot.

There was but one injudicious or unfortunate movement made during the day. Before the action commenced I placed the Twelfth Regiment in position on the left of my line, and after I had moved to the right

