
concentration during the night of the whole army on the banks of the James River, which saved it. I will show your letter and the report to General Seymour.

Very truly, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Extract from a note by Brigadier General T. Seymour, commanding Third Brigades, McCall's division.]

* * * I entirely agree with General Meade. Any explanation should come from General McCall as to the battle of New Market. Its credit and its failures are well known to him, and are mostly, if not entirely, the result of General McCall's arrangements; and whatever General Hooker may have written, in error or otherwise, may now, after the three battles, be considered as incapable of affecting the honor of the Reserves.

Respectfully,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.

[Extract from a note by Major General Fitz John Porter, commanding Fifth Provisional Corps.]

* * * Had not Mccall maintained his position on New Market road, June 30, the enemy would have cut that line of march of the army.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

[Extract from report of Captain J. C. Clark, assistant adjutant-general, Seymour's brigade.]

WASHINGTON, November 1, 1862.

General GEORGE A. Mc CALL:

GENERAL: * * * My attention having been called by you to General Hooker's report of the battle of Glendale, I have the honor to make the following report:

* * * With the exception of a portion of one regiment on the left, the officers and men of the brigade behaved well and fought bravely, and stood their ground for three hours against superior numbers and one of the most vigorous attacks made by the enemy in any of the engagement in front of Richmond. Part of the Twelfth Regiment was posted in advance by General Seymour. The attack in the early part of the engagement on this point was in force and impetuous-not to be withstood-and these men were routed and fell back hastily, and may have continued the retreat to Hooker's command. All the other regiments, as far as I know, behaved nobly; those of the left, under General Seymour, I know did. Had the whole division been routed, as stated by General Hooker, the fight could not have been continued as it was or the field have been held until sundown by you. * * *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Extract from the report of Colonel Roy Stone, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers late major First Rifles.]

WASHINGTON, November 3, 1862.

General GEORGE A. McCALL:

GENERAL: * * * My regiment (First Rifles) was not actively engaged June 30 until after the brilliant and successful charge made by several regiments on the left, driving back the enemy's advanced battery, routing its infantry supports, and capturing a large number of prisoners. These regiments, whose ranks were necessarily somewhat broken by the very impetuosity of their charge, but especially by the detachments required to bring in their prisoners, were ordered to reform in front of the farm-house, and I was sent to the left by you to support this formation. The enemy, however, pushed a solid column of overwhelming numbers out of the woods to the left and front, compelling our men in turn to retire.

The advance of the enemy might have been checked by the Dutch battery belonging to General Porter, but it was deserted by its gunners at the first appearance of its enemy. Some men on the extreme left of the line were cut off from their companions by the enemy's rapid advance and were obliged to retreat to the left. These were probably the men who reached Hooker's line. Meantime the enemy, turning to the left (their left) were repulsed by our center (not by Kearny, as General Hooker states).

