
to the hill, where a new line was formed, and a number of the men fought side by side with a Massachusetts regiment, belonging, as I understood, to General Hooker's division. Afterward, seeing General Hooker in the road alone, I reported to him the men under my command for duty. General Hooker replied that he did not want any more troops, and directed me to ride over to General Sumner and tell him to send no more troops to his (Hooker's) support, as he did not want them. I delivered this message and returned to General Hooker, who directed me to remain with my command and report to my brigade commander. I then advanced my men to the front again under fire. I did not at any period of the battle see any disorganized masses of the Reserves break through General Hooker's lines nor did I see any of our men kill or wound any of his troops. A number of our men, perhaps 150 or 200, passed down the road between Sumner's and Hooker's lines. These men were carrying off a number of prisoners taken by them in front.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. TAGGART,

Late Colonel Twelfth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves.

P. S.-General McCall has shown me the foregoing reports of Captain J. C. Clark, assistant adjutant-general, and Colonel Roy Stone, and O concur with them in the statements they make concerning the battle.

JOHN H. TAGGART.

[Extract from report of Surg. N. F. Marsh, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, McCall's division.]

WASHINGTON, November 25, 1862.

General McCALL:

GENERAL: After the battle of the 30th June I remained at Willis' Church with a large number of our wounded. The next morning I was directed by General Jackson (Stonewall) to report to General Lee. I found General Lee in company with Generals Longstreet, Magruder, and Hill, on the New Market road. I addressed General Lee, and informed him that I was a Federal surgeon, and had remained to care for our wounded, and wished protection and supplies for our men. He promised supplies, and directed General Longstreet to write the necessary permit.

At the time I approached they were discussing the battle of the previous day, being then on the ground. General Longstreet asked me if I was present. I replied I was. He asked what troops were engaged. I replied, I only, knew the division I was connected with (McCall's), which fought just where we then were. General Longstreet said, "Well, McCall is safe in Richmond; but if his division had not offered the stubborn resistance it did on this road we would have captured your whole army. Never mind; we until do it yet."

On Thursday, July 3, General Roger A. Pryor came into the church (hospital), and we had a long conversation. He repeated, in substance, what Longstreet had said, and spoke in the highest terms of the "pluck displayed by McCall's Pennsylvania troops."

The interest I felt in the Reserve Corps made me careful to remember these acknowl-edgments of the rebel generals.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. F. MARSH,

Surgeon, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

[Extract from report of Colonel Everard Bierer, One hundred and seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.]

General GEORGE A. McCALL:

DEAR SIR: * * * About the middle of July last, while I was a captain of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Reserves and a prisoner in Richmond, I was called on by Major David M. Whaley, Fifth Texas Regiment. He was born in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, where I reside. We were companions in boyhood and school-mates. He was also known by Major Johns, of my regiment. About eleven years ago he went to Texas. He told me he had been in all the battles of Richmond, and that he never saw better fighting than that of the Pennsylvania Reserves. he stated that at the battle of Mechanicsville the Confederate forces were repulsed at every point, and that their loss was very-about 2,000 in killed and wounded. He was astonished when I told him our loss was only about 200.

Though in the rebel army, Major Whaley is a gentleman of high integrity, and perfectly reliable, as I believe.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EVERARD BIERER,

Colonel One hundred and seventy-first Pennsylvania Militia.

