
REPORTS, ETC.

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 1.-Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2.-Organization of Troops and Return of Casualties in the Army of the Potomac during the operations before Richmond, Va. June 25-July 2, 1862.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Philip St. George Cooke, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Reserve, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 4.-Colonel George A. H. Blake, First U. S. Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Richard H. Rush, sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel William N. Grier, First U. S. Cavalry, of battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 7.-Captain Joseph H. McArthur, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, of battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 8.-Major Alfred Pleasonton, Second U. S. Cavalry, of operations June 28-July 3.

Numbers 9.-Brigadier General Edwin V. Sumner, U. S. Army, commanding Second Corps, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 10.-Captain John D. Frank, Battery G, First New York Light Artillery, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General Israel B. Richardson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 12.-Captain Rufus D. Pettit, Battery B, First New York Light Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 13.-Lieutenant Rufus King, jr., Batteries A and C, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 14.-Brigadier General John C. Caldwell, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 15.-Lieutenant Colonel Samuel G. Langley, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm)

Numbers 16.- Captain Edward E. Sturtevant, Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 17.-Colonel George Von Schack, Seventh New York Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 18.-Colonel Francis C. Barlow, Sixty-first New York Infantry, of engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 19.-Major H. Boyd McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 20.-Brigadier General Thomas Francis Meagher, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of Gaines' Mill, Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 21.-Brigadier General William H. French, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

