
On the right of the road General Meade met a severe attack, but the capacity of Randol's and Thompson's batteries (all light 12-pounders) for canister gave another aspect to the fight. The enemy was repeatedly driven back with great loss, yet from the woods in front of Randol a fire was sustained that first weakened, then destroyed his effect. A force came down to take his guns, but Colonel Magilton (Fourth), keeping his men well to the ground until close at hand, met it with perfect success; followed with the bayonet; gave and received many wounds; recaptured Lieutenant E. B. Hill, of the battery, who after much gallantry, was already a prisoner, wounded, and returned gloriously to his position with three secession flags in proof of the obstinate courage of both parties. The Seventh, by similar conduct, added to the success of the resistance. It also charged gallantly with the bayonet. All its color guard being killed or wounded, Captain R. M. Henderson seized the standard and bore it off the field, when by main strength the enemy compelled the regiment to withdraw. The chief credit of the stand here made may, however, be ascribed to the tenacious kill with which Captain Thompson handled his pieces.

About this time General Meade was severely wounded and compelled to retire, and the services of an able officer were lost to the command. But along the line generally the sturdiest efforts of this attack, and although but little ground was lost, it was evident that the enemy was gaining. Happily a part of Richardson's division came to our relief, and when night fell and the battle ceased but trifling, if any, advantage had been conquered.

The parts of regiments that had most suffered and had fallen to the rear were reformed successfully by the exertions of several field and staff officers (Lieutenant Lamborn, with others) and moved to the front in support of those still on the field. While passing forward by the main road, led by General McCall in person and somewhat in advance and in company of Major Stone, they came suddenly upon the head of a body of rebels who demanded their surrender. Major Stone escaped with a slight hurt from a volley fired upon him, but General McCall fell into their hands. The presence of our men staid the enemy's farther advance.

The object of the enemy was doubtless to divide our forces by a strong attack upon the center of our line and to seize the roads by which the army was chaining its base. Several divisions, so prisoners state, fell upon the Reserve Corps. The enemy did not gain his object, and in the night the division continued its march to Malvern.

In the battle of July 1 the command was held in reserve, and so completely successful was our main body that no occasion offered for it to take a direct part in the engagement.

It remains only to name some of the many eminently worthy of mention. Of the staff officers of Generals McCall, Reynolds, and Meade all cannot be named, though all deserve noble prominence, for some were killed and some were wounded in the discharge of their important and perilous duties. Among these was Lieutenant J. H. Kuhn, a young man of many friends and of great promise. Lieutenant W. N. Watmough (wounded) was one of this class. Captain Chandler Hall and Lieutenant E. Beatty (wounded) were noted by many for their active and energetic conduct on the field. Lieutenant C. B. Lamborn, in rallying men and in many other ways, behaved gallantly and efficiently in all these

