
engagements, and after General Reynolds was taken attached himself to General Reynolds was taken attached himself to General Meade for further duty.

My own staff, Captain J. C. Clark, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. G. H. Bemus and C. N. Jackson, aides, rendered me laborious and faithful service through the battles, as did my quartermaster, Captain C. E. Russ. My commissary, Captain J. M. Tillepaugh, left his wagons and rendered at the hospital the greatest service to our wounded.

Of the surgeons I cannot speak with sufficient praise. Drs. A. E. Stocker, E. D. Dailey, and J. King, the brigade surgeons, were untiring and unremitting in their care and attention to the wounded, as were also the regimental surgeons, with scarcely an exception. Drs. J. Collins (Third), J. De Benneville (Eleventh), N. F. March (Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry), and E. Donnelly (Second) voluntarily remained with the wounded on the field, and submitted to the distress of capture and imprisonment in order to devote themselves to the relief of the suffering.

The chaplains devoted themselves to the wounded, and deserve every encomium for the services they performed.

Many of the deserving geld officers have been mentioned in the course of my report. Captain L. Wister and Quartermaster H. W. Patton, of the First Rifles (Bucktails), are highly praised for efficient and gallant service. Major Roy Stone deserves the highest praise on all occasions. He relates that John Doyle, a private of Easton's battery, after the guns were lost, went to his command and, among the foremost, performed manly duty. Colonel R. B. Roberts and Lieutenant Colonel H. M. McIntire, of the First, both gave proof of being brave and accomplished officers. The latter was severely wounded on the 30th and left in the hands of the enemy. Major G. A. Woodward, of the Second, is praised for general good conduct; also Captain H. Neide - both wounded severely. Colonel H. G. Sickel and Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Thompson, of the Third, are among the most deserving for continued good conduct. Major R. H. Woolworth and Captain T. F. B. Tapper, of the Fourth, showed especial bravery. Adjt. A. G. Mason, of the Fifth, was wounded by a piece of shell, stunned, and compelled to withdraw; returned to the front and remained with his regiment. Lieutenant W. Riddle, of the Fifth, was severely wounded on the 26th in the head and arm, but refused to leave his regiment; went into the following engagements, and was again wounded and a prisoner on the 30th. Lieutenant H. P. Petrikin deserves honorable notice. Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Bolinger, of the Seventh, behaved with great courage and judgment. Captain R. M. Henderson had already been mentioned. Major S. M. Baily, of the Eighth, Capts. R. E. Johnston, A. Wishart, and G. S. Gallupe are much praised by their colonel. To the cool and gallant conduct of Colonel C. F. Jackson, of the Ninth, I was often Witness, as well as that of Adjt. T. B. Swearingen, who deserves high praise. In the Tenth, besides Colonel J. T. Kirk, Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Warner was distinguished for intelligence and courage under all circumstances. Private E. E. Douglass, of Company A, recaptured a stand of American colors on the 30th and brought them off the field. Major P. Baldy, of the Twelfth, behaved excellently. Adjt. T. McMurtrie was noted for special coolness and good conduct under fire.

The artillery, to which so much is due in these battles, behaved with great spirit and courage at all times. All the battery commanders on the Beaver Dam field on the 26th (J. R. Smead, J. V. De Hart, J. H. Cooper, H. Easton, and M. Kerns) played their part gallantly and with skill, as they did also on the 27th, and for their excellent conduct subsequently the previous pages of this report must be consulted.

