
To the commander of the cavalry of the division, Colonel J. H. Childs, Fourth Pennsylvania, much is due for the faithfulness and promptitude with which the duties were performed that fell to his arm of the service.

Many officers and men are deserving of great honor and of the widest mention whose names have not yet been submitted officially. Instances of heroic, that must form the substance of another and more derailed report.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fifth Provisional Army Corps.

No. 156. Report of Colonel James H. Childs,

Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of battles of Mechanicsville, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm-(Frazier's Farm).

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY, July 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of orders from division headquarters I beg to report the position and movements of my regiment in the late battles:

Thursday, June 26, at about 8 o'clock in the morning, the first squadron, composed of Companies E and F, was ordered to Mechanicsville, where they arrived about 9. When the pickets were driven in, about 12 o'clock, they were deployed as skirmishers on the several roads beyond Mechanicsville, and fell back gradually, exchanging shots with the enemy until within our line of infantry. At 2 p. m. the regiment formed line and waited orders. None came, and we bivouacked for the night on our late camp ground, in rear of General McCall's headquarters.

Friday, June 27, at 3.30 o'clock a. m., I received an order from Brigadier-General Porter to "move at once on the road past Gaines' house or Gaines' Mill, tao the brigade." Conducted by one of General Porter's aides, we formed line in a valley in rear of the house occupied by General McCall as headquarters and later as a hospital. We were then joined by the first squadron, and remained in line as ordered, awaiting orders, until the stampede among the wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., began when my regiment was formed across the field, with orders to stop all stragglers and compel ambulances and wagons to move only at a walk.

Later in the evening, by suggestion of General Morell, we formed line with one squadron of regular cavalry, with the intention of charging the rebels on the left, but the artillery beginning to play upon them over our heads, we were ordered off the field by General Porter until a late hour of the night, keeping the trains upon the road in order, stopping stragglers, and reforming fragments of regiments.

Although I am not able to particularize any one, I cannot speak too

