
Orderly Sergt. Samuel D. Martin, acting as chief of caissons, conducted himself in a cool and soldierly manner, promptly obeying orders, and rendering every assistance his arduous duties required in sending forward the requisite supply of ammunition for the guns and encouraging the men.

Sergeants Snider and Weston were both wounded, the former so badly that he was left in the field and subsequently captured, while the latter, in conjunction with Sergeants Reese and Cummings, escaped and returned to camp.

Corporals Nerhood and Hinzy were both wounded, the latter in the engagement of the 27th instant, firing his piece when the enemy were almost at the muzzle of his gun, and receiving in return a wound in the leg for his coolness and bravery.

The men throughout the whole engagements of the 26th and 27th instant (as well as officers) conducted themselves like good soldiers and fought bravely, and were it possible to mention individual conduct I should, from what I have learned, consolidate them as a body truly reliable in any emergency.

In conclusion, I would state that the facts contained in this report were obtained from those connected with the battery and who participated in the two engagements, as I had just returned on the 27th instant from Philadelphia (where I had been confined with severe illness), but too late to participate in the engagement, much to my regret.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

JNumbers G. SIMPSON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery A, First Pennsylvania Artillery.

General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Provisional Corps.

No. 158. Report of Captain James H. Cooper,

Battery B, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Gleandale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Being on picket duty near Mechanicsville, I was ordered at noon on Thursday, June 26, to place my battery in position by General Seymour. The right and center sections, commanded by Lieutenants Danforth and Cadwallader respectively, were placed behind a half-finished earthwork on the village near the church. By a subsequent order from General Reynolds, the right and center sections were placed behind an earthwork in camp of the Bucktails, and the left section in the rear of the Twelfth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps rifle pits.

At 3 p. m. the enemy, consisting of a regiment of infantry, attempted to cross the field in our front, when we opened fire on them, and caused them to retire in confusion and disorder, when a battery of rifled guns opened upon us from a concealed position on the right. We returned the fire with marked effect, forcing them to change their position to the left of the field in our front. At this juncture of affairs they opened fire with a battery of smooth-bore guns the woods directly in our front, which did but little injury, their shots all falling short.

