
I hereby desire to bear testimony of the coolness and bravery of both men and officer in my battery during the three days' engagement herein recorded.

Respectfully, your humble servant,

J. H. COOPER,

Captain, Pennsylvania Artillery, Commanding Battery B.

Captain JAMES C. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 159. Report of Lieutenant Frank P. Amsden,

Battery G, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., July 3, 1862.

SIR: In the absence of Captain Kerns (wounded) it devolves upon me to make the following report:

In camp near New Bridge, on the 26th ultimo, about 12 m., orders were received from headquarters of the division to be in readiness to march on a moment's notice. Battery moved out abut 4 p. m.in rear of Captain Easton's battery and took the road toward Mechanicsville. The right section, under Lieutenant Amsdon, was detached and placed in position behind a breastwork to the right and in front of the position taken by Captain De Hart's battery, with orders to watch a road leading down a ravine to a private bridge 700 yards to the left and front. Orders to cease firing were received from General Reynolds about 9 p. m. This section fired 93 spherical case and 29 shell, and held its position during the night. The center and left sections, under Captain kerns, took position in front of a private bridge about half a mile farther up to the right. The center and left sections, under Captain Kerns, took position in front of a private bridge abut half a mile farther up to the right. From this position the enemy were held in check.

A brigade charged the battery from the right and rear, but were repulsed by double charges of canister from guns Nos. 3 and 6, Gunners Wail and Kreamer. A light battery of the enemy, opposite the end of the bridge, was silenced, our infantry reporting two of the guns as dismounted. Orders to cease firing were received from General Reynolds about 8.30 p. m. This portion of the battery fired 78 spherical case, 60 shell, 16 canister, and held her position during the night. In this affair we suffered no loss. Fired 171 spherical case, 89 shell, 16 canister.

Orders were received Friday, 27th ultimo, about 4 a. m., by Captain kerns, to fall back and take position on Gaines' Hill. The right section followed soon after. Battery came into position in the course of the morning. About 5 p. m., the enemy appearing in force in front, fire was opened upon them. They charged the battery and were repulsed three times, but finally drove it from the field. The charge is said by prisoners and members of the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps to have been led by General Stonewall Jackson in person, carrying the colors. The man carrying the colors was killed by a charge of canister within 80 yards of the battery fired from the left piece of the right section. Guns Nos. 1 and 4 were left on the field, owing to lack of horses and men to horses and men to get them off. While the battery

