
was being limbered the enemy were within less than 20 yards of the pieces. Captain Kerns was shot in the calf of the leg almost in the commencement of the fire, but remained with the battery, taking especial command of the center section, loading and firing the last two shots himself, and bringing the battery off the field. In this affair 7 men were killed, 11 wounded, including Captain Kerns; 10 horses were killed, 2 guns, carriages, and implements were lost. One hundred and thirty-eight spherical case, 36 shell, and 75 canister were fired. Battery crossed the Chickahominy and encamped with the division near General McCellan's headquarters. Here the command of the battery devolved upon me, Captain Kerns being taken to the hospital.

From what remained to us after the previous day's battle I immediately prepared for service a four-gun battery and reported same, with a synopsis of losses, &amp;c., to General Meade.

On Saturday, the 28th ultimo, about 6 p. m., received orders from headquarters to start all loaded wagons on the road through White Oak Swamp and prepare the battery to march upon order. This was done. Orders to march came about 10 p. m.

Line of march in rear of First Brigade was taken up about 12 p. m. on Sunday, the 29th ultimo. About 2 p. m. we encamped in a field on a hill just beyond the White Oak Swamp. About 4.30 p. m. line of march was again taken up, and the road followed till beyond New Market Cross-Roads. Here we bivouacked until almost daylight. The column was then reversed and proceeded back to the cross-roads, where we encamped. On Monday, the 30th ultimo, about 12 m., orders received to prepare for battle. About 3 p. m. we opened fire upon the enemy. Before the firing commenced my caissons had been ordered

to the rear by General Seymour. When I wound I should need ammunition I sent for them. They could not be found, having been moved by order. Lieutenant Fitzki and my two buglers were sent there different times, but failed to communicate with them.

When the ammunition in my limbers was expended I reported to General McCall, who ordered me to take the road to the rear with my guns and halt outside of the fire. This was done, the guns halting near a hospital. After hunting near an hour for my caissons I again prepared to move my guns, by advice of General Meade, who passed by wounded. I took up line of march for James River, and reached Harrison's Landing Tuesday, the 1st instant, about 9 a. m. My caissons reached here all safe about 4 p. m. Quartermaster-Sergeant Buffum, who had them in charge from the time they left me on the field, deserves especial mention for the manner in which he bought them from the field and conducted them in safety to the battery. I immediately made a report of my condition and where I was, directed to yourself, and sent same to Major Clendenin, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, then commanding post, with request that he would forward.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

F. P. AMSDEN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery G, First Pa. Arty.

Brigadier General TRUMAN SEYMOUR,

Commanding Division Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps.

