
As to the conduct of my command, both officers and men, I can only say that it more than realized my highest ideal of the soldier's character. I cannot name individuals when all are equally distinguished. No commissioned officer of my command is unequal to the command of a regiment, and no non-commissioned officer remains who does not well deserve a commission. My adjutant, Lieutenant W. R. Hartshorn, one of the best officers of the service, was severely wounded in the head on the evening of the 26th, and is doubtless taken prisoner in the hospital at Savage Station. Quartermaster Lieutenant H. D. Patten, an officer of great energy and activity, was of the highest service to me in the engagement of the 26th. Sergt. Major Roger Sherman, who shared the greatest dangers with most remarkable self-possession, was lost on last evening, and is probably wounded, encouraging the exhausted, both on the field and in the hospital. Asst. Surg. William T. Humphrey has been throughout these battles always at his post and attended to his duty. Private John Doyle, a stalwart giant of Captain Easton's battery, well known as the "Infant," after a loss of their guns, came as a volunteer to my command, where his dashing gallantry, ready wit, and evident enjoyment of the occasion were a continual source of encouragement to all about him.

In conclusion, general, I beg ton express the hope that the conduct of my men during some of the most trying scenes of these eventful days may have fallen under your own observation.

I will forward a complete list of casualties at as early a period as possible.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROY STONE,

Major, Commanding First Rifles.

Brigadier-General SEYMOUR,

Commanding Pennsylvania Reserve Corps.

No. 162. Report of Colonel Horatio G. Sickel,

Third Pennsylvania Reserves, Second Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Grenade, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).
HEADQUARTERS THIRD INFANTRY, P. R. V. C.,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 4, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with division order, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, of July 3, 1862, I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report:

On the afternoon of June 26 the Third Regiment left its camp and advanced toward Mechanicsville, and first took a position in front of the camp of the Third Brigade Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, when we were ordered to advance to the right of the First Brigade to support Captain Kern's battery, which position we held until relieved, at 2 o'clock a. m. 27th instant, by the Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Samuel W. Black. We were then ordered to retire to Gaines' house, on the Chickahominy River. On this occasion, though exposed

