
to a terrific fire from the enemy's artillery, our casualties consisted in only 2 men wounded, as will be seen by reference to the table of casualties hereunto annexed.

June 27 the regiment was again ordered to the support of Captain Kern's battery on the center of the line we were ordered to support the Fourth Michigan, which soon shifted to the left, under a galling fire from the enemy's guns. Here the Third Regiment engaged a heavy column of infantry, which they held in check for two hours, when their ammunition became exhausted, and were relieved by the Eleventh Pennsylvania Reserves and a New Jersey regiment. The regiment then retired in good order to an open lot in the rear of a Rhode Island battery to replenish their ammunition and refresh the men. Here the regiment received the congratulations of General Meade, who was present in the midst of the fight, for their conflict with with an overwhelming enemy. In this struggle the regiment sustained a great loss in killed and wounded, as will be seen by the annexed statement, before to.* My horse was shot under me during this part of the engagement, the loss of which I most seriously felt during the afterpart of the day.

June 30, at 11 o'clock a. m., the Third Regiment was posted on picket duty in front of the camp of McCall's division, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, the right resting on the Long Bridge road, extending southward about one mile. It was soon reported to me by the outpost pickets and by me to the rear that the enemy was rapidly covering our front with heavy columns of infantry. Their advance soon drove un our outposts, when we received orders to retire on our camp, which was done in good order to the skirt of the woods, when we again took up position in line of battle. Here we remained until the enemy approached to within 50 paces, when the entire line delivered a well - directed fire upon the enemy's front, utterly cutting to pieces the Ninth Virginia Regiment. Their column was momentarily checked, when we delivered the second fire with the same good results.

At this time our artillery had opened fire upon them, and we were obliged to retire to get out of range of our own guns. Immediately after a regiment in our rear commenced to fire upon my men, which caused them to break and run in great confusion, and it was not until very late in the day that I could rally them together in any great force, but they were all fighting somewhere in the line. I would here state that in our retirement we captured and took in with us 7 prisoners -- one a lieutenant. In this part of the engagement our loss was very considerable, including several officers.

There are a number of officer and men who distinguished themselves by daring acts of bravery during the three days' battle which I shall at some future time take great pleasure in noticing. First of these, however, is Lieutenant Colonel William S. Thompson, who rendered me the greatest services during the severe trials through which we have just passed. Also Adjutant Jameson and Sergt. Major H. S. Jones, the latter of whom was always at his post, encouraging on the men to their duty. I will hereafter make a full report of the officers of the line.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

H. G. SICKEL,

Colonel Third Infantry, P. R. V. C.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.40.

---------------

