
with the exception of a few stragglers (under such trying circumstances), being much exhausted by hard fighting, hard marching, and extremely warm weather, behaved nobly.

Casualties --6 killed, 40 wounded, 9 missing.

WHITE OAK SWAMP.*

I have the honor to report that before the attack of the enemy the Ninth Regiment was posted on the edge of the wood, the line extending northeast and southwest. In an open field on an elevated ridge, and parallel to the line of my regiment, was posted Cooper's battery. After the attack, and when the battery had opened, I was ordered to advance to its support, and took my position a few yards in its rear, being covered by the battery. While in this position I was informed that the enemy was advancing on our left flank, and was directed to change front to oppose any force from that direction. Having occupied the position as directed some time and no enemy appearing, I was ordered to take my original position on the edge of the woods. While in the act of making this change Cooper's battery was captured, which fact was told me by the captain himself.

Finding that the men deeply sympathized with the captain in his loss, I at once determined to recapture the guns. A successful charge was made. The enemy was driven from the guns diagonally to the right and into the woods. I immediately commenced reforming my regiment on the road to our right. At this time a heavy firing was opened upon us from the right. We advanced into the woods, where skirmishing commenced and continued until after dark. In this second charge I became separated from the regiment. We rallied near the hospital in rear of the battle-field. This was the most disastrous day of the three, having a number of my most efficient line officers killed or wounded. With the exception of a small percentage of skulkers, officers and men conducted themselves admirably.

Casualties -- 17 killed, 84 wounded, 36 missing.

With no desire of making invidious distinctions or of giving one officer praise to the disparagement of others, when all behaved bravely, the colonel commanding cannot allow the present opportunity to pass without making special allusion to the heroic conduct of Lieutenant T. Brent Swearingen, adjutant of the regiment, at the battle of Gaines' Hill, who was always to be found in the thickest of the fray, leading the men by his daring valor and cheering words on to victory, in the midst of which he was stricken down by a ball seriously, but I am happy to say not fatally, wounding him. The colonel commanding is proud to say the regiment which he had the honor to command on that eventful day captured from the enemy a stand of regimental colors, which it still has in its possession.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. FEGER JACKSON,

Colonel Commanding Ninth Regiment P. R. V. C.

Brigadier General TRUMAN SEYMOUR,

Commanding Third Brigade, McCall's Division.

---------------

*Glendale, &amp;c.

---------------

