
No. 165. Reports of Colonel James T. Kirk,

Tenth Pennsylvania Reserves, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

HEADQUARTERS TENTH REGIMENT P. R. V. C., July 6, 1862.

I have the honor to report that on Thursday, June 26, 1862, at 4 o'clock p. m., the Tenth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, according to orders of the general, was formed in line of battle on the "color front". Firing immediately commenced on our right. I threw forward, by the general's order, Companies A and B, in command of Captain McConnell, to the rifle pits in front of a section of De Hart's battery. These companies were supported by Companies F and G, all under command of Major Smith. Company K was sent to support Easton's battery on the hill in rear of De Hart's battery. The remaining companies, in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Warner, were deployed through the woods on the right as skirmishers, to pick off the enemy's gunners, and to prevent his crossing the swamp. Companies A and B held their position in the pits until their ammunition was exhausted, when they were relieved by Companies E, F, and G. Company E was afterward relieved by Company K. The rifle pits were thus held until 10 o'clock p. m., when by the general's orders, I withdrew my command, the ground being occupied by the Eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps. It is, perhaps, but justice to state that while in no part of the field was the enemy in grater force of more determined in his efforts to gain our lines than in the road in front of the rifle pits, he was every time repulsed with heavy loss. Our loss was 3 killed and 2 wounded, including Captain McConnell.

It affords me much pleasure to state that the officers and men did their duty nobly. The regiment rested for the night on their arms in the camp of the Ninth Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps.

Friday, June 27, 1862. The line was formed at 3 o'clock a. m. Firing began soon after. One man was killed and one wounded while standing in line. At about 5 o'clock a. m. I began the march to the rear, supporting the Ninth Regiment, which was deployed to hold the enemy in check. The march was conducted in excellent order. The regiment was again formed in line of battle on Gaines' Hill, by the directions of General McCall, near the center of the ground held by our forces. At about 3 o'clock p. m. I moved my command to the right of the line, to support batteries there threatened by the enemy. Immediately, by direction of the general, I started back to the ground first occupied, when I was requested by General Sykes to halt my regiment and support one of his batteries that was then seriously endangered and was without support. The regiment here remained for near half an hour under a sharp fire.

The firing at this point slackening, under the general's order I moved down to the woods near the center of our line. Here the enemy, till now successfully driven back and held at bay, had succeeded ingraining the edge of the woods, where the Tenth Regiment lay, covering itself by lying down flat upon the ground. The engagement here was engaged for full two hours, and was driven back only when its ammunition was entirely exhausted. The regiment reformed at the foot of the

