
hill in the evening, and at 3 o'clock Saturday morning crossed the Chickahominy.

On Sunday at an early hour the march was continued across White Oak Swamp, with little interval for rest, till Monday at about 2 o'clock p. m. My command was then posted, by order of General McCall, in the edge of a wood, the right resting near upon the left of the Ninth Regiment, and in line of battle perpendicular to that of the Ninth Regiment. Companies B and G were thrown to support a battery situated immediately on our left. At about 4 o'clock p. m. the left of the regiment was exposed to a raking fire from the enemy's batteries, which opened on the batteries immediately on our left and front. I was ordered to move forward by General McCall in person, which I did, halting for several minutes behind one of our batteries. Here the horses of the batteries on our left came in wild confusion on my men. The enemy weere charging boldly upon the breastworks occupied by the Twelfth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, ;when I charged most successfully upon their flank, completely routing the enemy, killing large numbers, and capturing about 60 prisoners. The Seventeenth Virginia and Tenth Alabama Regiments were almost wholly annihilated by their extreme loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners. A stand of American colors, said to be that of the Fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps, was rescued and brought off by E. E. Douglass, Company I, Tenth Regiment.

A considerable number belonging to the Tenth Regiment were at this time posted at the breastworks near the house on our line of battle, and were the last to leave this post. The enemy came up to close range without receiving our fire under protection of Union colors. Our loss in killed and wounded amounted to about 70. Several were also taken prisoners, who soon after made their escape while a panic raged among the rebels. About 300 were again rallied behind the first woods with the colors, who, with others of the reserve rallied by major Stone and other officers, were moved up by Lieutenant-Colonel Warner in line of battle to within about 100 yards of where the right of the regiment rested when the battle began. The fire of the enemy here was very hot, but was not returned, for fear of firing upon parties of our own men.

Darkness ended the contest. At 11 o'clock p. m. this in was ordered back to join the rest of the reserve regiments. At 2 o'clock a. m. next morning the retreat was again taken up. On Thursday, the 3rd instant, while standing in line of battle, I had one man wounded by a missile from a rocket fired from a rebel battery. During this long and most trying season the officers and men bore up like veterans.

I have heretofore, according to your directions, transmitter to division headquarters a nominal list of killed, wounded, and missing of my command.*

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES T. KIRK,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment P. R. V. C.

Captain CLARK.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.32.

---------------

