
left behind, and were either killed, wounded, or taken prisoners, Captain Gustin's company at the mill, being detached from the regiment, was in a perilous position, and in danger of being cut off. They maintained their position for nearly an hour single-handed after mu regiment had left, and large bodies of the enemy's

troops had crossed the creek and attempted to surround them. Captain Gustin finally succeeded in withdrawing his company with only 3 men wounded. Captain Gustin's conduct on this occasion was worthy of all praise. Captain Mathewson succeeded in withdrawing his company at an early period of the day. I regret to report that nearly all the men left their knapsacks and many their haversacks behind them, not having time to secure them before leaving. We moved slowly toward Gaines' Creek, where we halted and took up a new position, in compliance with orders from Brigadier-General McCall, commanding division.

I desire to mention particularly the good conduct of the officers and men on the occasion. Major Baldy was active and energetic in cheering on the men, and gallantly exposed himself while the battle lasted. Captains Dannells, Mathewson, Gustin, Horn, Schelling, Oliver, Baker, Bolar, and Eyster were constantly with their men, encouraging them by the exhibition of coolness and Bravery. Captain Oliver received a slight wound in the cheek, but continued on duty till the battle closed. Captain Bolar rendered excellent service by observing with his field glass the effect of our fire, both artillery and infantry. The subaltern and non-commissioned officers are equally deserving honorable mention as well as the men. All did their duty nobly.

Adjt. Theodore McMurtrie, who was under fire the whole time, is deserving of honorable mention for his coolness and bravery and the alacrity with which he obeyed all orders instructed to his charge. Lieutenant Fullerton, commanding the section of artillery, displayed great coolness and intrepidity. He worked his guns without intermission for nearly five hours. I respectfully present the name of this officer to the attention of the general commanding.

The casualties may be summed up as follows.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. TAGGART,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment P. R. V. C.

Lieutenant BEMUS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, P. R. V. C.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH REGIMENT P. R. V. C.,Camp. at Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that at the commencement of the battle of Gaines' Mill, on the 27th of June, the regiment under my command was ordered to support a battery of regular artillery near the center of the field. After being in this position for two hours the regiment was ordered to support Griffin's battery, and moved to a position on the right of the field. For some time the battery was not engaged. I placed my men under cover of a hollow slope, or ravine, where we rested. During the afternoon the enemy's batteries obtained a good range of our position, and we were subjected to a most galling cross-fire, by which we lost several killed and wounded. Toward dark, when the batteries were preparing to leave, I moved the regiment off in

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 2 killed, 11 wounded, and 5 missing.

---------------

