
tolerably good order toward the road leading to Woodbury's Bridge, over the Chickahominy, which I crossed after dark, and bivouacked on the flats on the opposite side. Although not actively engaged, the officers and men were exposed nearly the whole time to a heavy fire of the enemy's artillery, and under the circumstances they behaved with coolness and courage.

The casualties were as follows.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. TAGGART,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth P. R. V. C.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. BEMUS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH REGIMENT P. R. V. C.,Camp near Harrison's Bar, July 5, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I respectfully forward the following report of the operations of the Twelfth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps at the battle of Turkey Creek [Glendale]:

On Monday afternoon, June 30, the regiment was formed in line of battle on the left of the Third Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, awaiting the approach of the enemy and in support of a battery on our right. By direction of Brigadier-General Seymour the position of two of the guns in the battery was changed by moving them to a hill in the rear of my regiment, and six companies (A, Captain Dannells; B, Captain Mathewson; C, Captain Gustin; F, Captain Oliver; H, Captain Bolar, and K, Captain Eyster) were detached and posted in two log huts and a breastwork of rails temporarily thrown up about 200 yards in advance to the left, commanding the approach of the enemy, while four companies (D, Captain Horn; E, Captain Schelling; G, Lieutenant W. W. Arnold commanding, and I, Captain Baker) were posted in rear of the two pieces of artillery. I had just succeeded in posting the companies in the log huts and breastwork when a heavy fire was opened upon us from the enemy's artillery and his forces advanced in heavy columns from the direction of the road in front. One column of the enemy attempted to surround the men in the breastwork and log huts by advancing in the rear toward a ravine. The officers and men maintained their position and fired three volleys at the advancing foe, which failed to check his progress. Seeing that they were about to be surrounded the men retired from the log huts, but not until after losing several of their number. Captain Dannells, of Company A, was wounded in the side at this time. The position was untenable from the concentrated fire of artillery which the enemy pored upon it. As a number of men in these works have been missing since the battle there is no doubt that they were here killed, wounded, or taken prisoners.

The enemy now advanced in force upon the two-gun battery, pouring a continuous fire of artillery and musketry upon the position, which compelled its evacuation. Here Lieutenant W. W. Arnold, commanding Company G, was killed while gallantly cheering on his men. Captain Thomas D. Horn, of Company D, was also wounded here. Captain Horn was taken to the rear, but we were unable to carry away the body of Lieutenant Arnold. A portion of the regiment was rallied after this by myself and Major Baldy, and a number of the men joined other regi-

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 5 killed, 13 wounded, and 8 missing.

---------------

