
ments near the front and did good service while the action lasted. At midnight I marched the regiment toward Ship Point, where we halted and remained all next day, July 1. During the action that day we were kept in reserve under arms with the Third Brigade, Pennsylvania Reserve Volunteer Corps.

The casualties in this action are as follows.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

JOHN. H. TAGGART,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment P. R. V. C.

I desire further to mention that First Lieutenant Chill C. W. Hazzard, of Company F, rallied about 40 men near our first position, and, falling in with a Massachusetts regiment, did good service. First Lieutenant William H. Weaver, of Company D, also rallied a party of men from different regiments, and took part with another regiment under fire.

JOHN H. TAGGART,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment P. R. V. C.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. BEMUS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade, P. R. V. C.

No. 167. Report of Brigadier General William B. Franklin,

U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Corps, of operations June 27-July 2, including the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the actions of the corps under my command between June 27 last and the time of its arrival at this place:

On June 26 my command was stationed as follows, viz: Slocum's division was in reserve, encamped on the Courtney Clearing; Smith's division held the extreme right of the line at Golding's picketing to his left and joining on the left the pickets of Summer's corps. The First Regiment of New York Cavalry was in reserve.

During the night of the 26th of June a redoubt was thrown up on the crest of the wheat field in front of Smith's division. By daylight in the morning it was rendered defensible. The enemy made no attempt to interrupt the work.

On the morning of the 27th of June I was ordered to send General Slocum's division to the east side of the Chickahominy, to report to General F. J. Porter. After the division was put in motion and had partially crossed the order was countermanded, and the division returned to camp. The order was reiterated about 2 o'clock, and the division crossed the river by Alexander's Bridge, and very soon became severely engaged with the enemy. A report of its engagement has been made by General Slocum to General Porter. Its loss was very severe. General Smith's force had been increased on the morning of the 27th of

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 6 killed, 36 wounded, and 23 missing.

---------------

