
Colonel Gosline and Major Hubbs, of the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, and Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, of the Sixteenth New York, were mortally wounded whole in the thickest of the fight and have since died. Colonel Howland, of the Sixteenth New York; Colonel Pratt, of the Thirty-first New York; Colonel Jackson, of the Fifth Maine; Major Gardiner, of the Twenty-seventh New York, and Major Hatfield, of the First New Jersey, were so severely wounded as to be rendered unfit for duty.

Over the fate of Colonel Simpson, Lieutenant-Colonel Hatch, and Major Birney, and the other officers of the Fourth New Jersey, hangs a painful uncertainty. They either rest in a soldier's grave of have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

Of the many other officers of less rank -- the non-commissioned officers and soldiers -- I cannot here speak in detail. Like soldiers and like men they performed their duty and met their fate, and grateful country will long bear them and the thousand nameless heroes of this conflict, who have offered up their lives at the nation's shrine, in lasting and honored remembrance.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Brigadier General Vols., Commanding First Division, Sixth Corps.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Fifth Provisional Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH PROV. ARMY CORPS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the division under my command from the close of the battle of Gaines' Hill, on the 27th ultimo, until its arrival at its present position:

The division returned from the field of battle at Gaines' Hill at about 11 p. m., leaving on the field in killed, wounded, and missing one-half of its regimental commandeers, about one-fourth of all the other officers, and at least one-fourth of the non-commissioned officers and soldiers who had so recently crossed the river to the support of General Porter. The men, weary with the labors and excitement of the day, were allowed but little rest. Early the following morning their camps at Courtney's were changed to a position where they could be better sheltered from the fire of the enemy's batteries planted at Garnett's and Gaines' Hills. The same evening (the 28th) orders were received by me to move the division to Savage Station, there to await further orders. The movement commenced at 11 p. m., but was so delayed at Trent's Hill by the passage of other troops that the division did not arrive at Savage's until about 5 a. m. on Sunday, the 29th.

At this place I received orders from General McClellan in person to move the division across the White Oak Swamp. We crossed at 2 p. m., and at 5 p. m. I was ordered to proceed to a point on the Long Bridge road, about 1 1/2 miles beyond the swamp, to relieve the divisions of Generals Couch and Peck, both of my command. The division reached this point at 7 p. m., and fully one-half the effective force was immediately sent out on picket duty for the night. On the following morning I took position on the Charles City road, about 1 mile from its

