
left was continued until a late hour in the evening, and at times the shells and even musket balls from the enemy fell in the road directly in rear of our position.

At 9 p. m., having expended nearly all our ammunition and being entirely destitute of rations, I sent a staff officer to general headquarters to report our condition. At 11 p. m., having obtained permission of General Heintzelman, I moved the division to Malvern Hill. We arrived at this point at daylight, and at 9 a. m. the 2nd instant moved to a position on the right of our line. From the time of our arrival until the commencement of the engagement on this day the men were employed in constructing abatis and otherwise strengthening our position. During the engagement on our left the division was under arms.

At 11 p. m. orders were received to move to our present position, where we arrived at daylight on the 3rd instant. During this entire week the troops were allowed scarcely an hour of undisturbed rest either by night or day, yet the division marched into its present camp in good order, leaving very few stragglers,and without the loss of any arms, ammunition, clothing, or wagons, and with a cheerfulness prevailing among the soldiers as well as officers which to me was as astonishing as it was gratifying.

Great credit is due to the brigade commanders, Generals Newton and Taylor and Colonel Bartlett, for their vigilance and untiring efforts on the field as well as on our night marches. They were constantly with their commands, cheering them by noble example as well as words.

To the members of my staff, Captain Rodgers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Hopkins, quartermaster; Captain Sturdevant, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenants Wead, Shannon, and Guindon, aides, and Surgeon Burr, I am greatly indebted. They were with me during the entire week, and proved very efficient in the discharge of their respective duties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 169. Report of Captain William Hexamer,

Battery A, New Jersey Light Artillery, of the battle of Gainess' Mill.

CAMP NEAR JAMES RIVER, July 8, 1862.

SIR: On your request I submit to you the following report concerning the action of my battery on Gaines' farm on June 27, 1862:

At about 3 o'clock p. m. I marched with the division I belong to from the camp in front of Richmond across the Chickahominy. As soon as we arrived on the first hill, on the left of the Chickahominy, I was detailed to your brigade. Your ordered me to march on the right flank of your brigade, which was drawn up in line of battle. In compliance with this order I marched my battery to the front until I reached an open field about 200 yards from the woods, in which a severe fight between infantry was going on.

