
if living, are believed to be prisoners of war I learn from those who have come in that up to the time the regiment was surrounded they had received from and returned the enemy a most galling fire.

I annex a report of the casualties of the day, showing the total loss of my brigade.*

In conclusion I would say that so far ad I am at present informed, my officers, commissioned and non-commissioned, nobly performed their duties, and it might, therefore, be invidious to particularize; still, in justice to the gallant dead who have devoted their lives to their country, I must record the names of Captain Brewster, of the First, and Captain Buckley, of the Third; also Second Lieutenant Howell, of the Third, all officers of distinguished merit. These officers fought under ny eye. As regards the conduct of the Second and Fourth Regiments' officers I am told it was all that could be derived; but these regiments having been taken from me I did not see them again during the action.

It is eminently due to my staff officers to say that they carried our ny orders intelligently and promptly,and did not hesitate, though often exposed to the hottest fire of the day.

I will forward a more detailed report in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

H. C. RODGERS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 171. Report of Colonel Alfred T. A. Torbert,

First New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment, FIRST Brigadier, SIXTH P. A. C.,Camp near James River, Va., July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert McAllister, First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, relating to the part which that regiment took in the engagement on the left bank of the Chickahominy River, on June 27, 1862, viz:

The First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, together with the balance of the division, on the 27th of June was ordered across the Chickahominy River to support General Fitz John Porter's corps. The regiment was hurried to the scene of action, and on forming line of battle was ordered to support a battery which was engaging the enemy. Soon after General Porter ordered me to advance in the woods to support the Third Regiment New Jersey Volunteers. Reaching the position ordered I made the regiment lie down, but the three companies from the left, being uncovered by any troops in front, I immediately ordered them forward to engage the enemy, which they did most gallantly, Captains Mutchler, Mount, and Brewster in command. In a short time the whole regiment was engaged, and a most terrific fire was kept up on both sides for about an hour and a half, while the regiment was engaged. The regiments on my right and left having fallen back, and the enemy making a movement to outflank me on both sides, I ordered a retreat.

During the early part of the action Major Hatfield, while fighting bravely, was wounded on the head and had to leave the field. Soon after I lost the services of Lieutenant Frank B. Holt, of Company E, who was severely wounded in the arm, and Lieutenant Charles W. Mutchler, Company D, severely wounded in the side. While retiring from the woods the regiment was under a cross-fire from the enemy, and then it was that we lost both officers and men. Captain Ephraim G. Brewster, Company C, fell dead on the field of battle while fighting bravely. Captain John D. P. Mount, Com-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 40.

---------------

