
pany I, fell, severely wounded in the leg. Lieutenant John Parker, Company B, missing, supposed to be killed.

Too much cannot be said in praise of Captains Pelouze, Fouratt, Way, Baker, and Brown, Adjutant Henry, and all the lieutenants engaged. To mention non-commissioned officers who distinguished themselves would be to name nearly all, for both non-commissioned officers and men could not have behaved better under fire.

R. McALLISTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

At the time I was confined to my bed with remittent fever, but being informed that my regiment was going into action I started for the field of battle at once, and arriving there had to go to several points of the same before finding my regiment. In the mean time I saw part of the division falling back, and I went to work with other officers to rally and collect the men, and among them part of my own regiment.

Sergeant-Major Provost rendered me much assistance in this task. From all the information I can gather Lieutenant-Colonel McAllister displayed great bravery and coolness during the action. I cannot refrain from speaking of the valuable services rendered by Chaplain R. B. Yard in looking after and caring for the wounded and helping to collect the regiment.

Surgeon Gordon and Assistant Surgeon Senderling did their duty nobly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Captain, U. S. Army, Colonel First Regiment N. J. Vols.

Lieutenant DUNHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Brigadier Hdqrs. [1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 6th Corps].

No. 172. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel L. Buck,

Second New Jersey Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Gaines' Mill.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS.,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 11, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your request of this date I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the action:

On the 26th ultimo I was detailed as senior brigade field officer of the day, to take command of the picket guard, consisting of 300 men (exclusive of officers) from my regiment. At 8 a. m. relieved the Thirty-first New York Volunteers, posted my pickets in plain sight and easy range of the enemy, but not a shot disturbed the quiet of the day. In the early evening ground was selected for a rifle pit, and later a fatigue party broke ground under protection of the First New Jersey Volunteers. Daylight revealed the enemy in some force on our front and left. Soon after they were discovered moving artillery, report of which was immediately made to General Hancock, who ordered two companies of my reserves into the rifle pits, while the balance formed in line of battle on the left of the pit. I was soon ordered to withdraw my reserves from the pit and form on the crest in the rear of the woods.

Arriving at the point designated, I found my command in direct range of the enemy's battery, a part of the right and the whole of the left wing resting in an abatis. Reporting the unfavorable situation of

