HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., July 11, 1862.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to transmit Captain Bishop's report of the part taken by Companies D, H, I, and K, of this regiment, in the action at Gaines' farm, on the 27th ultimo:

It is worthy of remark that, notwithstanding the vastly superior force opposed to them, they continued to defend the colors in the bravest manner.

Private Joseph B. Hodgkins, of Company H, shot the lieutenant dead who demanded their surrender, and Color Sergt. James Marshall, of Company G, when last seen, had the colors wrapped about his person, bravely defending himself while retreating before overpowering numbers.

Captain Bishop, of Company H, and Tay, of Company K, with Lieutenant Buckley, of Company I, were conspicuous in their efforts to preserve the colors, but all to no avail.

Captain Danforth, of Company I, received his death-wound early in the engagement while gallantly leading his men.

Where all behaved so well it appears almost invades to mention names, but admiration of the cool courage of Colonel Tucker, the gallantry of Major Ryeson, and other officers named is the universal sentiment of eye witnesses.

Adjutant Cooke rendered efficient service in carrying orders; his horse was shot under him.

The valuable services rendered by Drs. Oakley and Clark deserve special mention. While the former was actively engaged at the hospital, the latter, amid a shower of balls, was coolly dressing the wounds of all comers.

As a proof of the stubbornness with which they held their ground I beg to call your attention to the percentage of their loss, which is little less than 38 per cent.*

Trusting that the above report will meet your approbation, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

SAMIL L. BUCK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

R. T. DUNHAM,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First New Jersey Brigade.

No. 173. Report of Captain Edwin Bishop,

Second New Jersey Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS, --- --, 1862.

SIR: I submit the following report of the action of yesterday, in which Companies D, H. I, and K, of this regiment, were engaged, under Colonel Tucker:

The battalion left camp about 3.30 o'clock for Gaines' farm, the scene of action, where it arrived about 4 o'clock, and was ordered by General Taylor to support Major Hexamer's battery, but soon was sent by General Porter, commanding, to relieve the Fourth Michigan

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 40.

---------------

