
5.30 a. m. to a position near Duane's Bridge. About 10 o'clock a. m. I was ordered to move back to camp. While on the march the enemy opened a heavy fire of artillery upon our lines, and I was once more ordered back to the bridge to prevent any attempted passage by the enemy, who were now threatening General Porter's forces on the left bank of the Chickahominy.

After partially destroying the bridge, by order of General W. B. Franklin, commanding Sixth Provisional Army Corps, I was relieved by a portion of General Brooks' brigade, and marched about 2.30 o'clock, pursuant to orders of General Slocum, to cross Woodbury's Bridge and hasten to the assistance of General Porter's forces, who were at the time being severely pressed. I accordingly reported to Brigadier-General Slocum on the first hill rising above the river on its left bank about 4 o'clock p. m., and was ordered by him to proceed to the extreme left and engage an enemy, who seemed at that distance to be turning our flank. Nearing the position indicated, it was found to be thoroughly protected by Acting Brigadier-General Averell's cavalry and Rush's Lancers and that the enemy was being driven by our infantry through the woods. I discovered, however, that our troops were being repulsed in my immediate front, and hastened to form line of battle to support our hard-pressed lines. The Sixteenth New York, which led my brigade, was already formed and moving forward, when I was ordered by an aide-de-camp of General Porter, commanding, to report with my command on the extreme right of the field to Brigadier-General Sykes, commanding the division of regular infantry, which I did at about 4.30 o'clock p. m., suffering loss of 15 killed and wounded by round shot and shell while making the flank march across the whole length of the battle-field from left to right.

Immediately upon reporting to General Sykes I was permitted to cover my command in a ravine to his rear and right, and allow the men to rest, of which they were greatly in need. Captain Porter's First Massachusetts battery reported to me at this juncture for orders, and seeing no chance to engage the battery, commanded as it was by an officer whose rare merits and brilliant reputation were well known to me, I was obliged to shelter it in the ravine in rear of my infantry, which position it kept until and enfilading fire from a battery on the extreme left of the enemy's line was poured upon it, to which it was impossible to reply from any position that could be taken up by him. I then ordered it to take position to the rear in the second line.

At 5 o'clock p. m. I was ordered by General Sykes to bring forward me men to support the troops on his left and a portion of his own command, who were unable longer to withstand the fierce attacks and withering fire of the enemy, who were slowly but surely forcing back the right of the entire line of battle. At this juncture I ordered forward the Sixteenth New York Volunteers, Colonel Joseph Howland commanding. From the position of the regiment it was necessary to change front forward on first company under the most terrific fire of musketry, with the shells and round shot of two batteries raking over the level plain, making it seemingly impossible for a line to withstand the fire a single instant. But with the calmness and precision of veteran soldiers the movement was executed, and the line, giving three cheers, long and loud, rushed on to relieve their now routed friends, led by their noble colonel and myself in person. The position was gained, and I then ordered up the Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania, Colonel Cake commanding, to continue my line to the left. The murderous fire across the plain rendered it almost impossible for their gallant colonel, aide by Lieu-

