
Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Richard H. Rush,

Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of battle of Gaines' Mill.

CAMP OF THE CAVALRY RESERVE,

In the Field, June 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in the action of the 27th instant, when the enemy in force attacked General F. J. Porter's corps, three squadrons of my regiment were engaged. I was assigned my position in the field with the Cavalry Reserve, and during the close of the action received orders to be on hand and ready to support the regular cavalry when it charged. Soon afterward received orders to support Robertson's battery and afterward to cover its retreat from the field. These duties were all performed under a very heavy fire from the enemy, and at about sunset I took up a new position in advance of the troops that were rallying near the hospital.

My regiment was the last to leave the left of the field, where our troops had given way, and the perfect coolness and admirable behavior of officers and men enabling me to maneuver the regiment in close column of squadrons and to take advantage of the character of the ground, I was enabled to cover my regiment and prevent a heavier loss in killed and wounded. My men and horses were worn down with previous picket and outpost duty. Some of the companies had not been unsaddled for a week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D H. RUSH,

Colonel Regiment of Lancers.

Lieutenant JAMES P. MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Reserve.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William N. Grier,

First U. S. Cavalry, of battle of Gaines' Mill.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST U. S. CAVALRY,Camp near Richmond, Va., June 28, 1862.

SIR: For the information of Colonel G. A. H. Blake, First Cavalry Reserve, I have the honor to make the following report of the part borne in the action of 27th of June, 1862, at or near Gaines' Hill, on the Chickahominy, by two squadrons of the First U. S. Cavalry. The whole strength of the regiment on that day consisted of two small squadrons, about 125 enlisted men, Captain Reno, First Cavalry, commanding one squadron, and Lieutenant Kellogg commanding the other. During the day the regiment was kept moving from one point to another until in the afternoon it was placed, together with the Fifth U. S. Cavalry and Rush's Lancers, (volunteer cavalry), on the extreme left, in the support of our artillery.

Late in the afternoon our left wing was driven back by very heavy re-enforcements of the enemy, and after they debouched from the timber

