
ranks, and finally led off from the field a weakened but well-aligned battalion. It is enough to say that under his command the Twenty-seventh has fully sustained its former reputation. He was nobly assisted by Major C. C. Gardiner, who was early wounded in the action by a shell.

Major Seaver, Sixteenth New York Volunteers, established a name on this occasion of which he may well be proud. He was fearless, enthusiastic, and efficient, and nobly fills the place made vacant by Colonel Howland and the lamented Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh.

I cannot close my report without mentioning Lieutenant Robert P. Wilson, my acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant M. E. Richards, my aide-de-camp. Both were all that could be expected of educated, brave, and dashing young gentlemen. At no moment of the action were they screened from the leaden hail that was showered upon the field. Prompt and correct in promulgating orders, they exposed themselves along the whole front and were unceasing in their endeavors to aid me in every way. I ask for them your consideration.

I herewith annex an official report of killed, wounded, and missing in my brigade.*

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH J. BARTLETT,

Colonel Twenty-seventh N. Y. Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain H. C. RODGERS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 177. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jacob G. Frick,

Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Fifth Maine Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH MAINE REGIMENT,In the Field, July 5, 1862.

SIR: From information furnished me by its officers I am enabled to make the following report of the Fifth Maine Regiment at the battle of Friday, June 27, 1862:

Early in the morning the regiment was ordered, in connection with the other regiments of the brigade, to take a position near Duane's Bridge, to prevent the enemy from crossing the river at that point. It remained in that position until 2 o'clock p. m., when, the bridge having been destroyed and a sufficient guard having been left to hold the position, it was ordered to Woodbury's Bridge, which it soon after crossed, marching up the hill on which the battle was then raging, near the left of our lines, thence marching to the extreme right, where it lay under cover for about an hour, when it was ordered to the front.

The regiment advanced to the front at double-quick under a galling fire from the rebel batteries and took up its position. Colonel Jackson had the misfortune to be wounded in the first part of the engagement, and relinquished the command to Lieutenant-Colonel Heath, who was soon after killed. The regiment received a very galling fire from a greatly superior force, but officers and men behaved nobly.

The casualties are 9 killed, 49 wounded, and 8 missing. Among the killed was Lieutenant-Colonel Heath. Among the wounded, Colonel Jackson; Captain Stevens, Company B, severely; Captain Brown, Company H, slightly; Lieutenant Lemont, Company E, severely, and

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp.39, 40.

---------------

