
Lieutenant Atwood, Company A, severely. Among the missing, Lieutenant Pilsbury, Company B. Total loss in killed, wounded, and missing: Officers, 7; enlisted men, 59.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB G. FRICK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Ninety-sixth Pa. Vols., Commanding Fifth Me. Regiment

Lieutenant R. P. WILSON,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Second Brigade.

No. 178. Report of Major Joel J. Seaver,

Sixteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

HDQRS. SIXTEENTH Regiment NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, June 28, 1862.

SIR: On Friday, the 27th instant, this regiment, under command of Colonel Joseph Howland, in pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters, left its camp with the brigade at 5 o'clock a.m. near Courtney's house, on the south side of the Chickahominy River, to support General Porter's corps, then being engaged by the enemy on the north side of the river, in the vicinity of Gaines' Hill. The regiment was held at Duane's Bridge until 2 o'clock p.m., at which time the brigade was moved down the river and crossed at Alexander's Bridge, arriving on the field of battle at Gaines' Hill at about 4 o'clock p.m., this regiment leading the brigade to its position, assigned by Colonel Bartlett, commanding, on the right of the field. Here the regiment was formed in line of battle and rested in a ravine, which protected it from the enemy's batteries, which were sweeping the field in every direction. In reaching this position from the point where we entered the field, near the center of the line, we were compelled to pass over a level plain a distance of about 500 yards under the fire of cannon and musketry, where three of our men were struck and disabled by a cannon-shot.

After lying in the ravine some fifteen or thirty minutes the regiment was, by order of Colonel Bartlett in person, advanced in line about 100 yards to a position on the plain, where it was halted for some five minutes and the men ordered to lie down. Again we were advanced some 50 yards to a fence, where we once more halted for a few minutes, when we again advanced, passing the fence and engaging the enemy, who were not over 50 yards distant.

Our forces had already been compelled to retire from the crest of the hill, leaving one section of a battery in the hands of the enemy. Steadily and with unbroken front the Sixteenth continued to advance, the enemy giving way before it, until it had regained the ground that had been lost and retaken the guns, one of which had been turned upon us. Here a road passed over the top of the hill, with high banks on either side, in which the enemy had thrown themselves to resist our advance. Across this road we pressed amid a shower of bullets, and on the opposite side Colonel Howland ordered the regiment to change front forward on the tenth company, to oppose the fire of the enemy, which then seemed most destructive on our left. The change was made in good order, and our men poured in a deadly fire, before which the enemy wavered and fell back. We held this position for about one hour, until our ammunition was nearly exhausted, when, by direction of Colonel Howland, I endeavored to procure a fresh supply. Failing in this, however, I requested Colonel Cake, of the Ninety-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers,

