
herewith his report of his operations. I led the Thirty-first New York and the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania, and stormed the woods in the face of an exceedingly hot fire. These were soon established there, after driving the enemy across a swamp and taking up an exceedingly advantageous position. From time to time supports were sent into the woods to sustain those engaged against overwhelming masses of the enemy.

For over two hours after my arrival this part of the line maintained the unequal contest, when the left wing of the army, being forced back and exposing my left flank, rendered a withdrawal of the troops necessary. A firm stand was made upon a hill, when darkness put an end to the conflict.

I am thoroughly satisfied with the conduct of the officers and men of my brigade, who displayed the firmness of old and well-disciplined troops.

I must make honorable mention of the members of my staff, Lieuts. Samuel W. Waldron, jr., and William Russell, jr., my aided-de-camp; of Captain James E. Montgomery, assistant adjutant-general, who was wounded; of Captain James K. Scofield, who was wounded and a prisoner. These gentlemen were under a rifle fire in the woods on horse-back, when every one else was on foot, engaged in carrying orders, and if exposure to danger deserves reward they are entitled to it. Colonel Roderick Matheson, Thirty-second New York Volunteers, who commanded the half of my brigade, deserves high distinction for his skill and gallantry.

Colonel J. M. Gosline and Major William B. Hubbs, of the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, while gallantry performing their duty, were mortally wounded, and are since dead. Colonel Calvin E. Pratt, while leading the Thirty-first New York Volunteers, was wounded severely. Lieutenant-Colonel Myers, commanding the Eighteenth New York Volunteers, who was suffering from typhoid fever, left his bed and led his regiment throughout the action.

I regret the loss of the following gallant officers killed: Captain George Barry, Captain Theodore C. Rogers, of the Eighteenth New York Volunteers; Captain Henry Whittock, of the Thirty-first New York Volunteers, and of First Lieutenant Hamilton Donohue, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

I would also make mention of the following officers, wounded while in the discharge of their duty: Captain J. B. Sloan, First Lieutenant E. Frossard, First Lieutenant W. Maitland, of the Thirty-first New York Volunteers; Adjt. John H. Russell, Captain Thomas J. Radcliffe, Lieutenant James Chalmers, and Lieutenant Horatio G. Goodno, of the Eighteenth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant H. Oscar Roberts, Captain Edward Carroll, Lieutenant Shugrue, Captain Henry W. Hewes, and Lieutenant Thomas D. G. Chapman, of the Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers. I will, as soon as it can be supplied, furnish a list of those who particularly distinguished themselves in this the bloodiest battle of the war.

I append herewith a list of the killed, wounded,and missing, amounting to 409. The list of killed and wounded is necessarily incomplete.* Those reported as missing are nearly all in the former category. Private Thomas Williams, of the First New York Cavalry,my orderly, attended me through the whole action. I was exceedingly struck with his coolness and bravery,and he deserves honorable mention.

Captain Harkins, of the First New York Cavalry,commanding the division provost guard, is entitled to honorable mention for his great

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.39.

---------------

