
zeal and efficiency in forming and organizing the troops after being forced back to our final position.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. C. RODGERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Slocum's Division.

No. 182. Report of Major John C. Meginnis,

Eighteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp, July 5, 1862.

SIR: In the absence of Lieutenant-Colonel Myers, who was obliged to leave immediately after the battle on account of sickness, I beg leave to submit the following report:

On the 27th of June, near the hour of 12 m., I received an order to form my regiment in line of battle in front of my camp. After complying with the order and while standing in line the enemy in front commenced shelling our camp. One of their shells exploded in front of our regiment, killing 1 man and wounding 3, one of whom has since died. I then received an order to form my regiment in rear of the hill, where we lay for nearly two hours, when I was ordered into camp.

At 2.30 o'clock I was ordered to form my regiment in the brigade, which I did, and we commenced our march across the Chickahominy by way of the Woodbury Bridge. After arriving on the east bank of the Chickahominy the brigade was halted on the hill near the hospital, and formed in column by division. My regiment was then ordered to support Upton's battery on its right flank. I immediately deployed, and moved up under cover of the woods. After remaining there a few moments the battery advanced early half a mile, and I moved up with it under cover of the woods, when I received orders to file left and cross the field, where I formed the regiment into column by division. We were then led by General Newton to the crest of the hill, where the battle was raging. We were then ordered to move by the right flank across the road into the adjoining field and to deploy in line of battle, our left resting on the right of the Thirty-second New York.

About this time our right companies received a terrific fire of grape and canister, the men lying down and receiving the fire with great coolness. In the mean time the Thirty-second moved across the ravine and formed in line of battle under cover of the hill and opened fire on the enemy. We then received orders to move to the left, and form line of battle in rear of the Thirty-second, close to the ravine. I remained there a short time, when I received orders from Colonel Matheson to cross the ravine and relieve the Thirty-second. We then moved into action. This was nearly 5 o'clock p.m.

The battle raged without intermission till nearly 6.30 o'clock, when we were ordered to cease firing, to ascertain the position of the enemy, their fire having slackened. Captain Barry, of Company D, approached the top of the hill, and discovered the enemy approaching in force. He remarked that they were coming,when he was instantly shot dead.

