
Parrott guns which was then playing upon the enemy in the woods. At this time there were no Union troops in front of us, and upon the Irish Brigade advancing beyond us we marched by a flank in good order across the fields to a hill on which was located the principal hospital, where those who were engaged in carrying the dead and wounded had been ordered to assemble. From thence we marched by the road a short distance to a field on its right, where we remained in line until nearly dark awaiting orders, and unable to find or report to the brigade.

The contest being evidently ended and the troops retiring, the regiment took up line of march for the Woodbury Bridge. On arriving there found that stragglers crowding upon the bridge, in connection with the artillery which was then crossing, had blocked up the entrance to the bridge to such an extent that a large number of wounded, in ambulances and upon stretchers, was wholly unable to gain admission to it. The regiment was thereupon halted, and I assumed the authority to post a guard on both sides of the road, and a battery which was about crossing having upon request willingly stopped, no one was allowed to proceed farther until all the wounded then appearing had been conveyed across, when the guard was withdrawn and the regiment again resumed its march, returning by the ordinary road to its former camp, reaching there shortly before midnight. Reported immediately thereafter at brigade headquarters for orders.

Our losses during the day were somewhat severe both among officers and men, myself being the only field officer uninjured. It is feared that many of our wounded who were removed to the hospitals in the immediate neighborhood of the field of action afterward fell into the hands of the enemy from lack of transportation to carry them in safety farther to the rear.

Of the conduct of such officers as fell under my immediate observation I would say that all behaved in the most commendable manner.

Herewith find list casualties, marked schedule A.

All which is respectfully submitted.

GUST. W. TOWN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-fifth Regiment Pa. Vols.

Lieutenant S. W. WALDRON,jr.,

A. D. C., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade.

No. 185. Report of Brigadier General William F. Smith,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION,Cap on Ruffin's Farm, July 11, 1862.

I submit the following report of the fights and marches of the men under my command from June 27 till our arrival at this camp, July 3, 1862:

On Thursday night, June 26, a heavy working party was detailed, supported by a part of the Second Brigade, under General Brooks, to construct an epaulement for a large portion of the Reserve Artillery on the Garnett Hill, in front of my lines at Golding's. The labor proceeded quietly through the night,and found us in the morning with our

