
men sufficiently well covered to continue the work during the day. About 8 a.m. General Books and his command were relieved by the entire brigade of General Hancock, and six batteries of Reserve Artillery were brought up as far as Golding's Plain, preparatory to an advance. The enemy's columns were soon seen forming on the Nine-mile road and in rear of James Garnett's,and while making dispositions to receive them an order came to do nothing to bring on a general engagement. To obey this order, and defend as far as possible the works under way, General Hancock was ordered to fall back a few hundred yards into the woods on the left bank of the little creek behind him, keeping a strong picket force in the rifle pits, while Carlisle's and Ames' batteries, under Colonel Getty, and five 30-pounder Parrott guns, under Major Kellogg, Connecticut Volunteers, were placed in position on the high mound on the right bank of the creek, so as to see in reverse our work, cover General Hancock's left flank, and have a general fire in the direction of Old Tavern.

Considerable maneuvering took place with the rebel infantry, but no advance was made. About 10.30 a.m. the enemy opened some three of four batteries from the crest of the hill near Garnett's on our artillery and the troops on the plain. This was briskly replied to by the artillery of our side, and after an hour the rebel fire slackened and ceased. Threatening demonstrations occurred during the day, but no attack until about 6.30 p.m., when artillery again opened a heavy fire on Ames' battery, the others having been withdrawn. The battery replied gallantly and soon silenced the fire of the enemy. While this was going on, all the heavy guns I could place in position were used in trying to drive back the columns of rebel forces pouring over Gaines' Hill to attack General Porter's left flank. The long range (2 1/2 miles) prevented great accuracy, but the rebels were finally forced to retire to the woods and take a covered road till they got below our view.

Soon after sunset a furious infantry attack was made on General Hancock, which was gallantly repulsed. Major Kellogg, of the First Connecticut Volunteers, having served his heavy guns until dark, formed his command and went into the fight with General Hancock without orders, showing the stuff of which himself and his men were composed. I respectfully refer to the report of Generals Hancock and Brooks.

On the morning of the 28th, in order to protect our troops from the fire of the artillery from Gaines' Hill, then in the possession of the enemy, we were changing our lines, when batteries opened on us from the Garnett Hill, from the valley of the river above us, and from Gaines' Hill, the battery at the last place throwing missiles of about 60 rounds' weight. The movement was so far advanced that but little damage was done, and Captain Mott's battery, the only one that could be brought to bear, opened, apparently with good effect. After the cannonading ceased the Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments attempted to carry the works just vacated by us, but were repulsed with great carnage by the Thirty-third New York and Forty-nigh Pennsylvania Regiments, on picket, and a section of Mott's battery, which threw shrapnel with great precision. Colonel Lamar, Eighth Georgia, fell into our hands badly wounded, and Lieutenant-Colonel Towers, and 15 or 20 privates. The acknowledge loss of the two regiments was about 150.

At daylight on the morning of the 29th we moved by the Trent house, where we formed in line of battle, to cover the retreat of the rear of the wagon train and prevent the passage of the river at the

