
for their gallantry and efficiency during the toilsome week. For the losses I refer to the reports of the commanders.

Very respectfully,

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY,

A. A. G., Franklin's Corps.

No. 186. Report of Captain Romeyn B. Ayres,

Fifth U. S. Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations June 28-July 1.
HDQRS. LIGHT ARTILLERY, SMITH'S DIVISION,Camp at Harrison's Landing, Va., July 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the movements and operations of the artillery of this division during the recent fights and marches.

On the 28th day of June, pursuant to orders, arrangements were made to move from Golding's. Before the movements took place the enemy opened a heavy cannonade upon the pain at that place, followed by an attack of infantry upon our left. Mott's battery, posted at that point, opened upon the infantry and did handsome service. The batteries were gradually withdrawn from the field, my own after the infantry. Early next morning a temporary position was taken farther down the Chickahominy. Subsequently the division marched to Savage Station.

The general commanding the division here directed me to move at once with the artillery through White Oak Swamp, and report to the commanding general. The order was executed, and the batteries by his direction posted to cover the crossings and for the night. Captain Wheeler having reported that his numbers were so reduced that he could serve but two guns, his battery was placed in park. Next morning the troops of other divisions moved off, while the field in our rear was filled with wagon and ambulance trains, slowly dragging themselves away.

About noon the enemy suddenly opened upon this narrow front from many pieces, which they had secretly assembled during the morning on the opposite heights behind bushes, &amp;c. I ordered the two batteries-my own and Mott's-in position to open at once in reply, at the same time directing Wheeler's, which, as mentioned above, was comparatively useless, to retire to the edge of the woods in rear of the field. I gave the same order to Cowan's also, which was at this time quite in rear of any position where he could open with any advantage. This unequal contest continued a short time, when Mott's battery was thrown into confusion and soon became useless. I had ordered the captain to join and look to it. It left the field broken up and in disorder, the horses, many of them, scattered.

Shortly after this the general commanding the division ordered the artillery to be withdrawn across the field. My battery was drawn off to the right and rear, so as to be in position on the left of the division and the right of Richardson's. The order was given in good time, as the woods on the right flank of the position were soon occupied by the enemy's sharpshooters. Riding to the position just vacated by the artillery, I found there was still a piece of Mott's battery and its limber,

30 R R-VOL XI, PT II

