
with five horse, near where my battery stood. Riding back and meeting a corporal of that battery mounted on a harnessed horse, I ordered him to go at once, hitch in the horse, and bring off the piece. In a moment after I met Lieutenant Flynn, and ordered him to go with the corporal and bring off that piece. In another moment I met Lieutenant Stuart, same battery, and ordered him to go, and be sure that that piece was brought off. I then joined my own battery and put it in position on the right of Richardson's division. In a few moments Captain Hazzard, of that division, not seeing my battery (owing to the dust), put his in position immediately in its front. I then selected a position for mine to the right and between two brigades of our division. Some time after this I learned with surprise that the piece of Mott's battery alluded to above was left.

Just after dark I was directed to turn over my battery to General Richardson, who followed us to fire for a time upon the crossing of the swamp and then to cover the retreat. This duty was well done, the officers deserving credit for bringing off their pieces under peculiarly trying circumstances. They rejoined the division next morning at Turkey Bend, and according to orders I brought the batteries to this place, arriving on the morning of the 2nd.

All the officers and men of my battery bore themselves well. The following officers and enlisted men are particularly deserving of mention for their good behavior and efficient performance of their duty under fire:

First Lieutenant L. Martin, Second Lieutenant D. H. Kinzie, Second Lieutenant C. R. Hickox, and First Sergt. Charles Simon (always in the right place at the right time), Sergeants [George] Uhri, [John] Cronin, [Henry] Storch, and Corporals [Francis] Burns and [John] Conshingan, Battery F, Fifth Artillery. After my own battery had been withdrawn Sergeants Uhri and Storch accompanied Lieutenant Hickox and brought off a 10-pounder Parrott under heavy fire, abandoned by Captain Mott.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Captain, Fifth Artillery, Commanding.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Smith's Division.

No. 187. Report of Brigadier General Winfield S. Hancock,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

HDQRS. OF THE FIRST BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION, July 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 27th of June I was directed with my brigade to take possession of the line of intrenchments overlooking James Garnett's house and the plain surrounding it, which had been thrown up the night previous, and to complete and defend it. The officers of engineers especially in charge of the work were Lieutenant Colonel B. S. Alexander and Lieutenant F. U. Farquhar. I was also directed to hold the skirt of the woods to the right of the work, directly in front of James Garnett's house, my right flank resting on the valley of the Chickahominy.

