
Pennsylvania; Major B. F. Harris, Sixth Maine; Captain John B. Miles, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania, and Captain J. D. Campbell, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Their commands behaved in the handsomest manner. I do not mention Colonel Lord, the gallant commander of the Sixth Vermont Volunteers, as on this occasion he did not get into action save as previously stated, Lieutenant-Colonel Buck commanding the pickets in the Jersey brigade, and Major Gaspard Trepp commanding the Sharpshooters.

To the following members of my staff I am indebted for the gallantry displayed by them: Captain John Hancock, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant W. G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Isaac B. Parker, jr., aide-de-camp, and Second Lieutenant C. S. McEntee, acting brigade quartermaster. I also desire to mention as having behaved handsomely my orderly, Bugler John Malone, Company B, Sixth Maine Volunteers.

The loss of our troops was as follows:

Captured or

Killed. Wounded. missing.

Command.	 Off	 Enl	 Off	 Enlis	 Offi	 Enlis	 Aggre

 ice	 ist	 ice	 ted	 cers	 ted	 gate

 rs	 ed	 rs	 men	 	 men

 	 men

Hancock's brigade	 --	 6	 3 	 81	 --	 12	 102

4th Vermont	 --	 --	 --	 8	 --	 --	 8

6th Vermont	 --	 1	 --	 6	 --	 1	 8

Total	 --	 7 	 3	 95	 --	 13	 118

The enemy's loss was heavy. The loss on both sides would have been much heavier had it not been for our peculiar relative positions and the fact that the contest was principally in the dark and the little space separating us so dense with smoke that nothing could be seen but the flash of musketry. The enemy never advanced beyond the crest referred to, being halted there by our deadly fire. Their lying down behind it prevented heavier losses to them and to us, and the darkness and the danger of our line getting into confusion alone prevented us from driving them from it by an advance. As it was, they were driven back by the fire. The troops opposed to us were from Georgia, under command of General Toombs. The next day our position at Golding's was abandoned during the bombardment of the enemy and a new position taken up between that point and Fair Oak Station, ready to repel any attempt to debouch troops by Golding's house.

During the abandonment one of my regiments, the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, forming part of the rear guard, being assaulted by the enemy, assisted in repulsing them handsomely, with the following loss: killed, 3; wounded, 2; missing, 2. Aggregate, 7.

At daylight on the morning of the 29th we proceeded to Trent's, and on arriving there took up a position with the division and held it until the train of the troops preceding us had left. We then proceeded to a point lower down the Chickahominy covering one of our bridges. That position was held until the afternoon, when we fell back to Savage Station, and there remained until the troops on our advanced line had fallen back to that position. We then commenced to march

