
wounded and also trampled on by several horses of the regiment. Lieutenant Arnold was slightly wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. McARTHUR,

Captain, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant JAMES P. MARTIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Reserve.

NOTE.-Those struck down were Captains Whiting and Chambliss, Lieutenants Arnold Sweet, Watkins, and Maley, leaving Captain J. H. McArthur alone unhurt and in command of the five companies of the regiment engaged.

J. H. McARTHUR,

Captain, Fifth Cavalry, Commanding.

Report of Major Alfred Pleasonton, Second U. S. Cavalry, of operations June 28-July 3.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY,Camp at Harrison's Landing, James River, Va., July 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of services of my command, the Second Cavalry and the McClellan Dragoons, 489 strong, in executing the orders of General McClellan, from the 28th of June to the 3rd day of July:

On the evening of the 28th of June I received orders to escort Lieutenant Colonel B. S. Alexander, Corps of Engineers and aide-de-camp, in a reconnaissance to determine the best position for the army on the left of White Oak Swamp to cover the movement to James River. The command started from Savage Station at 8 o'clock p.m., and was all night on the road through White Oak Swamp, owing to the difficulties and obstructions on the route. Next morning at 7 a.m. I reported to Colonel Alexander, who was then beyond the White Oak Bridge, and we immediately proceeded to examine the country in front of Keyes' corps,, at that time in the advance, and a line of battle was suggested covering the junction of the Quaker, New Market, and Charles City roads, and extending up the latter beyond the debouche of the road through the swamp, over which Sykes' division had passed. We were occupied in this duty until near 1 o'clock, when learning the commanding general had arrived on the field, the colonel reported to him what had been done.

The general then ordered us to proceed to James River, open communication with the gunboats, and examine the country for a suitable location to establish the army. After a march of 18 miles, in which every precaution was taken to repel an attack, the command reached the James River, near Carter's Landing, on the evening of the 29th June, at 5.30 o'clock. No gunboats were in sight, but Colonel Alexander proceeded immediately down the river in a small boat in search of one. Upon inquiring I learned that a force of the enemy had been in that vicinity that morning. I therefore kept my command ready to mount, and extended my pickets from 1 1/2 to 3 miles on the right, front, and left. More than an hour elapsed and Colonel Alexander did not re-

