
them. I regret to say that a number of officers and soldiers followed the baggage trains during the march under pleas of illness which were not warranted by necessity. Many officers and soldiers of high spirit, who had had but little sleep for days and who were really sick, followed the fortunes of their command, ready to turn upon and repulse the enemy whenever he appeared. To commemorate the services of these officers and soldiers I have had lists prepared of all who, on arriving at this camp, marched out to meet the enemy, and have directed that these lists should form part of the record of each regiment.

It is a matter of regret to me that I cannot do substantial justice to all the deserving men of my brigade. Where so many have deserved so well of their country it is impossible for me to particularize individuals further than I have done, except as has been done by regimental commanders.

To the following members of my staff I am indebted for the most valuable assistance during the march:First Lieutenant W. G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Isaac B. Parker, jr., aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant C. S. McEntee, acting brigade quartermaster. They showed the greatest intelligence and good conduct.

I herewith mention the names of individuals not mentioned in my personal report, referred to by regimental commanders as having been especially distinguished:

Major B. F. Baker, Forty-third New York Volunteers; Major C. B. Stoughton, Fourth Vermont Volunteers; Captain S. C. Gray, Company A, Sixth Maine Volunteers; Captain J. H. Ballinger, Company C, Sixth maine Volunteers; Captain R. W. Young, Company G, Sixth Maine Volunteers; Captain George Fuller, Company H, Sixth Maine Volunteers; Captain W. H. Stanchfield, Company I, Sixth Maine Volunteers; Captain J. H. Platt, Company B, Fourth Vermont Volunteers; Captain H. L. Terry, Company E, Fourth Vermont Volunteers; Captain James N. Duffy, Company C, Second New Jersey Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. B. McKinley, Company E, Sixth Maine Volunteers; First Lieutenant John M. Lincoln, Company F, Sixth Maine Volunteers; First Lieutenant G. B. French, Company C, Fourth Vermont Volunteers; First Lieutenant S. E. Griffin, Company B, Forty-third New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant W. H. Gilfillan, Company G, Forty-third New York Volunteers; Second Lieutenant W. C. Tracy, Company K, Fourth Vermont Volunteers; First Sergt. Theo. Lincoln, jr., Company F, Sixth Maine Volunteers, and Private Matthew Wood, Company F, Sixth Maine Volunteers.

I am, sir, very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Smith's Division.

No. 188. Report of Colonel Hiram Burnahm,

Sixth Maine Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Camp No. 22, in the Field, July 9, 1862.

SIR: The following is a report of my regiment after the action of June 27, 1862:

At an early hour in the morning of June 27 I was directed to proceed with my regiment to the front of the line near Garnett's house, to

