
No. 189. Report of Colonel Francis L. Vinton,

Forty-third New York Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-THIRD N. Y. VOLUNTEERS, July 10, 1862.

SIR: Early on the morning of the 27th of June, 1862, my regiment was deployed on picket and reserve along the front of Smith's division, near Golding's house. My command numbered on that occasion 330 rifles. The main reserve consisted of 150 men. The remaining men were deployed from right to left, covering almost the half of the front of the division. When the artillery was about to engage in the morning I drew up the main reserve in the woods near the picket line, between the two roads, which make a fork near the redoubt of General Smith. There was a field of growing wheat in front which was 100 yards wide on the left, but which converged to an angle toward the right. At this angle my line bent to the right, and ran through thick woods down to the Chickahominy Swamp. During the morning my battalion lay in this position undisturbed. In the afternoon a body of skirmishers felt our right in the woods, but were promptly repulsed with one volley. Just about sunset the enemy opened a severe fire of musketry across the wheat field in front. The fire was speedily returned, and maintained incessantly for forty of fifty minutes. We expended 35 rounds per man. Forty-two of my men were killed and wounded during the fire. It was at one time the intention of the enemy to assault us with the bayonet, but he concluded not to do so, and his line, which had appeared advancing, retired to cover. When the firing ceased I re-established the picket line and removed the wounded. Major B. F. Baker, of my regiment, I noticed behaving most gallantly, keeping the men well to the front by his fine example. Lieutenant Griffin and Gilfillan behaved particularly well.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANCIS L. VINTON,

Colonel Forty-third New York Volunteers.

Captain JOHN HANCOCK,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Smith's Division.

No. 190. Report of Major Thomas M. Hilings,

Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., July 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the order of the general commanding the brigade I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of the 27th day of June, at Golding's farm:

At an early hour on Friday morning the regiment was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Brooks to relieve a regiment of his brigade. It was placed in line of battle a little to the rear and on the left of the earthwork which was being thrown up in the open field in front of Camp No. 20, with orders to protect the working party and hold the position. In a short time the general commanding the brigade placed

