
us in position in the edge of the timber on the right of the earthwork, the wings of the regiment so disposed as to form two sides of a right-angled triangle, with the apex toward the enemy. At about noon the enemy opened a heavy fire from their artillery, engaging our batteries in the rear, which continued for upward of an hour, many of their shells exploding above our heads. The left of the regiment suffered somewhat during the continuance of the artillery fire.

On the afternoon their batteries opened again with considerable vigor, and about 6 o'clock the pickets in our front gave notice of the approach of the enemy's pickets. The regiment immediately formed and marched a few paces to the front. As soon as the enemy made his appearance the order was given to commence firing. Two companies on the left, which were behind a rise of ground, were thrown forward, so as to be able to deliver their fire. The regiment kept up its fire until the enemy retired, and remained in its place on the field until about 11 o'clock p.m., when it was ordered back to camp.

Where officers and men alike did their duty it would be improper for me to make distinction.

Colonel W. H. Irwin was present in command of the regiment. He is now absent on sick leave.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. HILINGS,

Major, Commanding Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 191. Report of Captain James D. Campbell,

Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the action at Garnett's and Golding's Farms.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., July 1, 1862.

MAJOR:In obedience to your order I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the marching of June 28 ultimo I was ordered by Colonel Irwin to take Companies D, I, and part of Company A, in all 100 men, to proceed to the picket line and relieve the Seventy-seventh New York. I found them in front of the dam on Garnett's farm. I posted one-third of my force upon the line on the brow of the hill, the left resting at the earthwork; the balance I placed in the edge of the timber, near the angle, under cover, in support. About 11 o'clock the enemy's artillery opened and continued to fire for about half an hour, when I observed two rebel regiments of infantry approach in line of battle, a heavy column closed in mass in the rear marching toward the right, where Captain Miles was posted. I ordered my men to commence firing. The enemy halted and laid down, those who were marching to the right having made the timber.

Having received no instructions how to act in case of attack I moved the support from the angle of the woods about 50 yards to the right, so as to leave the front commanded by the rifle pits open and to be out of the range of his artillery if it became necessary to retire. In a short time the enemy in front advanced, returning the fire of my pickets,

