
who were finally compelled to retire before vastly superior numbers, but not until they had succeeded in driving in his skirmishers and the line on my right had been pierced. Having broken through the line there, which was but a short distance from the right of my line, he moved rapidly forward and threatened to place a heavier force than I had between my detachment and the ravine. The enemy gained the road before me, and commenced firing up the road as soon as my men came in sight. His fire was returned until I observed him throwing a body of men across the ravine, again threatening to get in my rear. The enemy in front by this time had come up to within a very short distance and were firing briskly. I concluded that if I remained there I would soon be surrounded and overpowered. The woods in front and thick undergrowth in the rear prevented the effective use of our arms. I accordingly ordered my command to fall back through the swamp. Upon gaining the other side I found a large force of the enemy there also. I expected to find here a detachment from the Third Brigade in possession of the rifle pit before referred to as commanding the dam, but finding it deserted, and knowing a large force of the enemy to be approaching by the road in its front, I was satisfied that I had not yet arrived at a point which I could successfully defend. I ordered my command to continue firing and to fall back into the intrenched camp behind.

Whilst passing along the ground between the two works the enemy which crossed at the dam made his appearance. The commanding officer evidently intended to form in the open ground and charge us. For the purpose of checking and confusing this body I ordered my men to direct their fire upon him. It succeeded. Their colonel fell, and the men staggered for a moment, and then plunged behind the rifle pit, or rather in front of it, in confusion. In a short time I had formed in the intrenched camp. Nothing occurred requiring special mention afterward. The firing was kept up for at least half an hour, the enemy breaking away by squads, until at the end of that time those who were left threw down their arms and surrendered themselves. In a short time I was ordered to join my regiment, before I could ascertain the extent of the enemy's loss. The only loss sustained by my detachment was 1 killed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. D. CAMPBELL,

Captain, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Major T. M. HULINGS,

Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

No. 192. Report of Captain John B. Miles,

Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of action at Garnett's and Goldings' Farms.

FIRST BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION,

Camp No. 22, in the Field, July 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the order of the general commanding the brigade I have the honor to submit the following report of the skirmish of Saturday, June 28, 1862, at or near Golding's farm:

At an early hour of that day Companies C and H, numbering 79 men,

