
were detached, under my command, from the Forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, then lying in front of the redoubt, and were ordered by Colonel Taylor, general officer of the day, to relieve the Third Vermont, who were on picket on the extreme right of our lines, on the west side of the Chickahominy, and in case the enemy came in overpowering numbers to fall back on my own regiment. I posted my men from the right, resting in the wood near a wheat field, to a point designated by my predecessor as the left of our portion of the line. This, I understood, covered the front of the First and Second Brigades of Smith's division.

Immediately after seeing my men placed in position, and leaving Lieutenant Dickey, Company C, on the extreme left, I returned to the right. Here I found the pickets of the enemy so close to our own that we could distinctly hear them talking in a low tone of voice. Whilst here the firing commenced, and, growing sharper, I returned it with a will, and then proceeded back over the line until I could get a view of the wheat field in front of the left of our line, but my position was such that I could see nothing satisfactorily. I then sent a sergeant to find out whether or not their pickets had advanced. He returned, saying that two regiments in line of battle had already driven our left back. I then ordered my whole line to fall back to the regiment fighting, which they performed gallantly in good order, and apparently with great execution against the enemy, although, in addition to the galling fire of the enemy's infantry, who had suddenly spread themselves along the whole front of the timber and turned my left flank, we had to bear a murderous fire of shot and shell during our passage across the open space between the timber and our support from two batteries of the enemy on the east bank of the Chickahominy. The Forty-ninth Pennsylvania having been ordered to change its position, I fell in on the left of the Thirty-third New York. We were presently ordered to the rear of our rifle pits, on a road leading to the left of our line of battle, from which point I took my command to join my regiment.

I take this opportunity to thank all the men composing my command for their gallantry, readiness, and obedience to orders, and I desire to make particular mention of the efficiency of Second Lieutenant A. G. Dickey, Company C, First Sergt. William M. Irvin, Company C, and Sergt. Charles B. McClenahen, Company H. We lost in killed 1 private of Company C, and 2 privates, wounded, in Company H.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. MILES,

Captain, Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 193. Report of Colonel Amasa Cobb,

Fifth Wisconsin Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Harrison's Landing, July 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 27th of June ultimo I was ordered to march my regiment on to the picket line near James Garnett's house from the camp near Golding's. I reached the

