
line and deployed my regiment at about 10 o'clock a.m. At about 2 o'clock p.m. the enemy opened on the line and our batteries posted in the rear with shot and shell from several batteries which they had moved up to our picket line. The enemy's fire was irregular and desultory until about 5.30 p.m., when, having moved up new batteries, and having apparently obtained the range of our position, they opened on the line the most rapid and incessant fire of shell that I had ever witnessed. This fire continued until about 6.30 p.m., when the fire from the enemy's batteries ceased, and he immediately deployed a heavy brigade of infantry in front of our line and distant about 150 paces, which opened a deadly fire of musketry on our ranks, to which we immediately replied. Owing to the deep shade of the trees under which the enemy deployed and the gathering shadows of night it was extremely difficult to discern the enemy. The fire was kept up on both sides almost incessantly for about one hour, when the enemy retired. My regiment lay upon the ground during the night, and retired at daylight, pursuant to orders.

In this engagement Captain William Evans, of Company K, was severely wounded in the side, and Captain Horace Walker, of Company A, slightly wounded in the arm. Twelve enlisted men were more or less severely wounded; none killed or missing.

In this engagement all did their duty, and proved by their steady, unflinching courage that the men of your brigade can be relied upon in any emergency.

I have the honor to be, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

AMASA COBB,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers.

General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding First Brigade, Smith's Division.

No. 194. Report of Brigadier General William T. H. Brooks,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION, July 9, 1862.

SIR: I have respectfully to report the operations of the brigade from the 27th June until its arrival on the James River. On the 27th ultimo, at Golding's farm, the Fourth Vermont, Colonel Stoughton, was in support of Hancock's brigade on the picket, and became very hotly engaged with the enemy across the open field which separated the two lines. The Second, Fifth, and Sixth Vermont were brought up in support of the movement, but did not become engaged. They were under a heavy fire in their approach to the line. On the 27th and 28th the camp of the brigade was subjected to a shelling from the enemy, to which there was no means of reply. That of the 28th was so destructive that a change of camp was made prior to the grand movement of changing the base of the army over to the James River.

On the 29th the brigade left its camp near Golding's farm, as part of the division, to make the change of base. After passing Savage Station en route for the White Oak the division was ordered to return

