
No. 195. Report of Colonel Edwin H. Stoughton,

Fourth Vermont Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH VERMONT REGIMENT, July 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement at Garnett's Hill on the 27th ultimo:

I received orders from General Brooks about 3 o'clock to report with my regiment to General Hancock on the picket line. I was assigned to position in line between the Fifth Wisconsin and Forty-third New York. At about 7.30 o'clock the enemy advanced to a crest about 50 yards in front of our line and delivered a volley. So suddenly did they come upon us, the advanced vedettes had not time to warn the main body of their approach. I called my men to their feet, returned their fire, and immediately drove them from their position on the crest. I then ceased firing, when they again appeared on the crest, from which they were at once driven again. The firing ceased a little before 9 o'clock.

I would mention the following names of officers whose conduct on this occasion was extremely praiseworthy: Major C. B. Stoughton; Captain J. H. Platt, Company F; Captain H. L. Terry, Company E; First Lieutenant G. B. French, commanding Company C; Second Lieutenant W. C. Tracy, commanding Company K.

Accompanying I send a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. H. STOUGTHON,

Commanding Fourth Vermont Volunteer Infantry.

General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 196. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lewis A. Grant,

Fifth Vermont Infantry, of the battle of Savage Station.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,Camp in the Field, July 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fifth Vermont Regiment in the action near Savage Station on the 29th ultimo:

The regiment was deployed about half a mile from the scene of conflict and marched in line through the woods skirting the road running to the left of and nearly parallel to the railroad, our right resting on the road. Skirmishers from another regiment were deployed in front. We came up to and passed the skirmishers, who were then engaged with the enemy's at a point near where the road leaves the great open field of Savage Station. Pressing forward we immediately came into another open field. At this point the road inclines to the left, so that our right rested across the road, and as we advanced in the open field our right company was thrown into the thick bush which there skirted the road on the right, and the company next to the right was mainly in the road. To our right and a little to the front was a Union regiment

---------------

*See p.468.

---------------

