
engaged with a rebel force down in a deep gorge about 200 yards directly in our front. This rebel force was so completely protected that it was not visible only as it arose to fire. I immediately ordered a bayonet charge, which was executed at a double-quick in splendid style. Approaching within 40 or 50 yards of the gorge, the rebel force protected there broke and ran in nearly every direction. I then ordered a halt, and assuming the best position the nature of the ground admitted of, opened fire upon an infantry force in front and beyond the gorge, which fire continued almost without cessation until that of the enemy had entirely ceased and we were ordered from the field. Our position was mainly in the open field, our left partially protected by a few scattering trees, and our center and right by a few trees and a slight swell of the ground in front. The enemy opened upon us two volleys of musketry from, apparently, that number of regiments and continued a galling fire until after dark. A battery farther down the road poured into our ranks grape and canister with deadly effect. Two companies directed their fire mainly upon the battery, which I am persuaded did much toward silencing it. During the engagement a cross-fire was also opened upon us from the edge of the woods to our left.

The men fought nobly and bravely, cheered on and encouraged by their officers. Some used their entire number of 60 rounds of cartridges. Muskets became heated and unserviceable and were exchanged for those of fallen comrades.

It would seem almost invidious to discriminate where all did their duty so well. I cannot, however, without injustice, fail to mention the signal services of Capts. Charles P. Dudley and John R. Lewis and First Lieutenant Friend H. Barney. Others doubtless did equally well, but the heroic conduct of these more particularly attracted my attention.

Being the only field officer present, I had called Capts. Charles W. Rose and Reuben C. Benton, two able and efficient officers, to assist me as acting field officers. They were both wounded in the early part of the engagement and left the field.

At the time the cross-fire was opened upon us from our left I deemed it prudent to throw back two or three of the left companies, and so change their front that they would partially face the woods and thereby escape an enfilading fire. Captain Dudley-his own company having been almost entirely cut to pieces-stepped gallantly forward and assisted me in the hazardous movement. Adjt. C. H. Forbes performed efficient service.

The enemy's fire entirely ceased shortly after dark and we were left in undisputed possession of the position assumed. Shortly afterward I received orders to withdraw from the field, which was done in good order.

Our loss was heavy. The list of casualties already furnished shows 31 killed, 143 wounded, and 31 missing. This includes 1 man killed and 3 wounded by shells before leaving our camp; also 1 man taken prisoner a few hours before the action commenced. In round numbers our loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 200.

Surg. William P. Russell and Asst. Surg. Henry C. Shaw were untiring in their attention to the wounded. Surgeon Russell was detailed to remain with them, to care for them and share their fate.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. GRANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General [2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 6th Corps].

