
turn, and knowing how necessary it was to have the plan of the general commanding carried out at an early moment, I availed myself of the kind offer of Captain Been,[?], of the gunboat

-----

, who had just come down the river, and went off to the Galen, Commodore Rogers' flag-ship, which was lying 4 or 5 miles above us. The commodore offered us every assistance, and directed the Port Royal, Captain Morris, to cover our position at Carter's Landing. Colonel Alexander returned about 8 o'clock with the steamer Stepping Stones, and having dispatched an express to General McClellan, repaired on board the Galena. I then returned to my command, which remained saddled all night in a strong position, ready for service at a moment's notice.

Early next morning, the 30th of June, my pickets reported the arrival of the advance troops of Keyes' corps; but in the mean time the sick, wounded, stragglers, and trains of wagons and ambulances from different corps came rapidly in on us. The former repaired in great numbers to the steamer Stepping Stones, which was at the wharf, and so great was the rush that I was obliged to clear this vessel three different times of all persons except such wounded and sick as the medical officers in attendance declared ought to be sent to Fortress Monroe. This vessel left about 11 o'clock a.m. with 500 or 600 of the worst cases of sick and wounded. To the generous kindness of the Navy were we indebted for this opportune assistance; and in connection with this subject it is proper to record the valuable services of Captain George U. Morris, of the Port Royal, in furnishing subsistence and supplies, besides giving his own personal attention and exertions to the care of the sick and wounded.

Throughout both days, the 30th of June and the 1st of July, the sick, wounded, and stragglers kept coming in, and I can only estimate their numbers by the means I adopted to supply their wants, for they were without food or organization. The sick were established in camps according to their respective divisions, and as the different medical officers came in I assigned them to duty with the divisions to which they belonged. The wounded were sent to the Carter house to be attended to by the surgeons at that place. The stragglers were organized into two commands, viz, those with arms and those without. Captain Hight, Second Cavalry, had charged of those with arms, and they numbered over 2,000 men. The party without arms was more numerous. The trains of wagons and ambulances were parked in convenient positions to water and forage.

On the 30th of June beef and salt were issued to those who asked for them, and 1,000 rations of bread obtained from the Navy were also issued. On the 1st of July the steamer Spaulding arrived with supplies, when 8,000 additional rations of coffee, sugar, bread, salt, and meat were issued; besides 15 head of beef cattle were killed and distributed by my command. From these facts there must have been 10,000 or 12,000 men in sick, wounded, and stragglers at Carter's Landing during the 30th of June and 1st of July. There were also some 800 wagons and 300 ambulances.

On the morning of the 2nd of July I was apprised of the army being ordered to move to a position covering Harrison's Landing, and in consequence I ordered all the trains of wagons and ambulances, with all the sick and wounded capable of moving, to start immediately for that place. My command covered the rear of all of these parties, and I have the satisfaction of reporting to the general commanding that all of these large trains of materiel and personnel reached their several destinations in the army in safety. When the state of the weather, the

