
No. 197. Report of Colonel Nathan Lord, jr.,

Sixth Vermont Infantry, of action at Garnett's Farm.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT VERMONT INFANTRY,Camp at Berkley, Va., July 10, 1862.

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to offer my report of the part taken by the Sixth Regiment Vermont Infantry in the action at Golding's farm on the 29th [27th] June, 1862:

About 6 o'clock p.m. on the 29th [27th] ultimo my regiment, at the sound of firing along the picket line, indicating a severe engagement, was called to arms, and proceeded at double-quick along the right of the fort, marching left in front, then filing to the left and along the front of the fort, and then by the front to enter the woods. Several of my men were wounded by the bullets from the enemy's rifles, according to a report already sent forward.

My regiment was entering the woods to take part in the action as the firing began to slacken. The firing had nearly ceased as my regiment took position to the rear and to the right of the Forty-third New York, Colonel Vinton. I then detached two companies, under Major O. S. Tuttle, to take position farther to the right, for the purpose of fully protecting the right flank of the Forty-third New York.

At this time Colonel Vinton stated to me that his ammunition was exhausted, and asked me to replace his regiment with my own while his regiment retired to refill their cartridge boxes. I complied with his request,and replaced his pickets with men from my own regiment. At this time the firing had entirely ceased on both sides.

Soon after, by order of General W. S. Hancock, my regiment was moved farther to the left of the line, and held possession of the field during the night, relieving two regiments-the Sixth Maine and the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania.

Throughout the march to the scene of action the officers and men, without the least wavering, moved steadily forward, although exposed and suffering from a severe fire of the enemy without the chance of retaliation, evincing a coolness and desire to participate in the action which was then going on that stamps them as brave and reliable men.

Very respectfully,

N. LORD, jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment Vermont Infantry.

Captain HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 198. Report of Brigadier General John W. Davidson,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the action at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, battle of Savage Station, and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION,Harrison's Landing, July 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of my brigade during the recent change of position of this army.

On the evening of the 27th ultimo I received orders to re-enforce

