
General Porter with my brigade on the opposite bank of the Chickahominy, but shortly after the order was countermanded. My brigade formed very promptly, and suffered from a severe cannonading the enemy gave us about the time of formation.

About noon of the 28th, while in position at Golding's, the enemy opened upon the plain occupied by two brigades of our division with artillery, and our right was thrown back. I had the left of the line, supporting Mott's battery. After three-quarters of an hour's cannonading General Smith received a notice from the signal officer that two brigades of the enemy were moving down upon his front, and directed me to make my dispositions accordingly. My troops were formed, with good behavior on their part, under the artillery fire of the enemy. When that ceased the infantry attack of the enemy was made by the Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments, supported by a brigade, but they never got farther than a simple epaulement beyond our line, thrown up for heavy guns, and abandoned by us previously. The Thirty-third New York Volunteers, of my brigade, Colonel Taylor commanding, then on picket duty, in conjunction with the Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Irwin, had the honor of repulsing the enemy most handsomely. My staff aided me zealously, particularly Captain Martindale, and my aide, Lieutenant McGunnegle, had his horse shot under him by a cannon-ball. The enemy lost upward of 100 killed and wounded; among the latter Colonel Lamar, of the Eighth Georgia, whom I had brought off the field, mortally wounded. About 25 prisoners were taken; among them Lieutenant-Colonel Towers, of the same regiment.

The day of the 29th and night of same day the brigade was occupied in marching from Golding's to Savage Station, forming line at Dudley's, on the Chickahominy (three regiments, the Twentieth, Thirty-third, and Forty-ninth New York were in the battle of Savage Station), and in marching to White Oak Swamp Bridge, the position assigned the right flank of our army. I myself received a sun-stroke about 4 p.m. of the day, rendering me unfit to mount my horse or do duty until the morning of the next day, the 30th instant. About 11 a.m. of the day the enemy opened a most terrific fire of probably four batteries, concentrated, from the crest on the opposite side of the swamp. A new line was formed by our division about 700 yards retired at the edge of the wood, having the plain to the front. My troops formed on the new line well, except the Twentieth New York, who lost their formation. Captain Martindale, of my staff, here rendered me service in rallying and forming troops. The conduct of the Seventy-seventh New York, Thirty-third and Forty-ninth New York, and Seventh Maine, under this terrible fire, which took us completely by surprise, was all that could be desired.

On the night of the 30th ultimo, the brigade forming the center of the division made the night march from White Oak Swamp to Haxall's Landing. On the morning of the 1st the division was drawn up in line a mile to our front, my brigade having the left, near Ladd's house, and remained in this position all day. The morning of the 2nd this position was abandoned about 3 a.m., my brigade, forming the rear guard of the division, moving from its position with the pickets withdrawn, and destroying the two bridges over the steam by which our troops had crossed-a delicate operation, and which was handsomely performed by Captain Guion, of the Thirty-third New York Volunteers. Our march was continued through a pitiless storm during the day to Harrison's

31 R R-VOL XI, PT II

