
Landing, distant about 7 miles, on the James River, and on the 3rd instant our division assumed its position in line of battle during a cannonading of the enemy. No troops during this retreat ever endured more fatigue, more fighting, and night marching and loss of rest than our gallant army, and our division had its full share.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

My report of casualties had already gone in previous to this report.

J. W. D.

Captain L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 199. Report of Brigadier General Silas Casey,

U. S. Army, of operations at Tunstall's Station and White House, June 28.

ON BOARD STEAMER KNICKERSBOCKER,

In York River, June 29, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday about 10 a.m. an aide from General Stoneman reported, by direction of the general, that the enemy were at Dispatch Station, on the railroad, with a large force. I immediately directed Lieutenant-Colonel McKean (who, with five companies of the Sixth Pennsylvania Reserves, under my command, was stationed at Tunstall's Station, where General Stoneman then was, with 2,000 cavalry, two regiments of infantry-the Seventeenth New York and Eighteenth Massachusetts Volunteers-and a battery of light artillery) to place himself under General Stoneman's orders. I caused the order to be communicated to General Stoneman. At the same time I directed five companies of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Colonel Harlan (to whom also a squadron of the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Captain Shorts, landing the evening previous, had been ordered to report), the six companies of the Ninety-third New York Volunteers, and the five companies of the Sixth Pennsylvania Reserves, stationed at to White House, be under arms, and Battery F, First New York Artillery, of four pieces, to be hitched up. Understanding by that it was the intention of General Stoneman to make a stand at Tunstall's, which was the key-point of White House Station, I so disposed the force under my command as best to co-operate with him.

In a short time after I received notice from Lieutenant-Colonel Ingalls, quartermaster, that the infantry of General Stoneman's command was then arriving,and that he wished them, if possible, to be embarked on the transports that had been assigned for my command. I at once sent Lieutenant West, my aide, to Tunstall's to see after the General Stoneman. They were found drawn up in line of battle on an eminence, where they had been placed to support a section of artillery which had been withdrawn. General Stoneman's attention being called to this fact, orders were given them to retreat in double-quick and rejoin me.

