
Soon after I saw General Stoneman, who said that he wished to turn his infantry, about 800 strong, over to me, and that the men were entirely exhausted and should embark at once. Seeing that nothing would be done in the way of effectual defense, as General Stoneman reported the enemy advancing in large force, I directed Colonel Harlan, with the cavalry under his command, and Captain Wilson, commanding battery, to report to General Stoneman. At the request of Colonel Ingalls I made arrangements for firing such Government property as could not be removed. I caused the infantry of General Stoneman to be embarked as soon as it arrived, and a strong guard to be placed to cover the embarkation. The Government property was fired under the immediate direction of Colonel Morris, of the Ninety-third New York Volunteers. To much of it I gave my personal attention. I remained on shore superintending the embarkation until every man was on board and the public property all on fire. I then called in the guard and ordered it on board.

A few minutes later a messenger from General Stoneman informed me that his pickets were attacked by the rebel artillery and that he was all ready to retreat, upon which I gave orders for the boats to push off.

This was about 7 p.m. Upon leaving I caused the empty canal-boats lying at the wharf to be fired, and one loaded with ordnance stores to be taken in tow. After I was on board I observed that the White House had been set on fire-by whom I do not know, and against my express orders.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SILAS CASEY,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

No. 200. Organization of the Confederate forces during the engagements around Richmond, Va.*

JACKSON'S CORPS.-Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON.

WHITING'S DIVISION.

Brigadier General WILLIAM H. C. WHITING.

First (or Texas) Brigade.

Brigadier General JOHN B. HOOD.

18th Georgia

1st Texas.

4th Texas.

5th Texas.

Hampton Legion.

Third Brigade.

Colonel E. M. LAW.

4th Alabama.

2nd Mississippi.

11th Mississippi.

6th North Carolina.

Artillery.

Balthis' battery, Staunton (Va.) Artillery.

Reilly's battery, Rowan (N. C.) Artillery.

---------------

*Compiled from the reports.

---------------

