
roads, and the near approach of the enemy at that time are remembered, the duties required of all concerned for the successful accomplishment of this undertaking will be understood. Besides these arduous duties, I caused the country in the neighborhood of the Chickahominy to be explored to observe the enemy.

Captain Norris, with his squadron, performed this duty on the 30th of June, and Captain Green with an equal force went within 4 miles of the Chickahominy on the River road, while one of his detachments passed as far as Charles City Court-House on the Charles City road. There was no enemy visible on either occasion, and the fact was reported by me at the time to General Marcy, chief of staff.

The squadron of McClellan Dragoons under Major Barker rendered good and efficient services in the above-named movements, and the major himself was conspicuous for the energy and activity he displayed in keeping the road clear on the march from Carter's Landing to this place.

In conclusion, I desire to recommend to the favorable of the general commanding the following-named officers of the Second Cavalry, for the zeal, gallantry, and activity they have displayed in the discharge of their duties; Capts. Charles E. Norris, Thomas Hight, and John Green. Captains Norris and Green were charged with destroying two bridges over the Chickahominy after our army had crossed, and the services performed by them were highly satisfactory. Three caissons of one of our batteries having been left on the other side of the Chickahominy, Captain Green crossed with some of his men, threw then ammunition into the river, and set fire to the caissons.

First Lieutenant James F. McQuesten, adjutant, and Second Lieutenant Edward Ball, regimental quartermaster, have discharged their duties with great credit and ability, and are very deserving officers.

The faithful services and good conduct of the non-commissioned officers and privates of the Second Cavalry in the campaign of the last three months in this Peninsula have been a source of the highest gratification and pride to all the officers of the regiment. I do not think this appreciation can be better expressed than by naming two of the most deserving of them to the general commanding for such promotion as the exigencies of the service will permit. I am satisfied that Sergt. Major Robert Lennox and Quartermaster Sergt. Edward J. Spaulding will show themselves worthy of any advancement in their profession it may be deemed proper to bestow upon them.

I remained, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major, Second Cavalry, Commanding.

General S. WILLIAMS, A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 9. Reports of Brigadier General Edwin V. Sumner,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Corps, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE,Camp near James River, July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from

4 R R-VOL XI, PT II

