
Numbers 22.-Lieutenant Colonel William P. Baily, Second Delaware Infantry, of the engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 23.-Colonel Joseph C. Pinckney, Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 24.-Brigadier General John Sedgwick, U. S. Army, commanding Second division, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 25.-Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, Chief of Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 26.-Captain John A. Tompkins, Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 27.-Lieutenant Edmund Kirby, Battery I, First U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson Farm (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 28.-Colonel Alfred Sully, First Minnesota Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 29.-Lieutenant Colonel John W. Kimball, Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of the action at Garnett's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 30.-Brigadier General William W. Burns, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 31.-Brigadier General Napoleon J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 32.-Brigadier General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army, commanding third Corps, of engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glenddale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 33.-Captain Gustavus A. De Russy, Chief of Artillery, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 34.-Captain Walter M. Bramhall, Sixth New York Battery, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 35.-Lieutenant Francis W. Seeley, Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of the action at Brackett's, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 36.-Brigadier General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill, with resulting correspondence.

Numbers 37.-Return of Casualties in Hooker's division from June 2-24 1862, inclusive.

Numbers 38.-Captain Thomas W. Osborn, Battery D, First New York Light Artillery, of engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 39.-Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagements at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 40.-Colonel Robert Cowdin, First Massachusetts Infantry of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm.)

