
we beat the enemy signally and drove him from the field, we should certainly have given him a more crushing blow if General Heitzelman had been three with his corps.

I inclose the reports of the subordinate officers, and I fully confirm all they say in commendation of their commands. No troops could have behaved better.

Immediately after the action closed I received orders from the commanding general to fall back and cross the White Oak Swamp, which was accomplished during the night.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. A. Army, Commanding.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE, Camp near James River, July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 30th ultimo I received an order from the commanding to advance with my command to Glendale and halt there till further orders. At 12 o'clock m. I received a pressing application from General Franklin for re-enforcements at the bridge at White Oak Swamp. I sent off at once two brigades, leaving but one of my own brigades and two batteries on the field. General Hooker was in the woods on my left with his division and Kirby's battery was placed near my left. About 3 o'clock p.m. the action commenced by a determined assault of the enemy on McCall's division, which was some distance on my right and in front. The battle drew near. Many of McCall's division came flying into my lines, closely followed by the enemy. Just at this time I got back the two brigades which I had previously detached and they went into the battle splendidly, and after a furious contest, lasting till after dark, the enemy was routed at all points and driven from the field, and thus ended the battle of Glendale.

During the contest the enemy would change his point of attack. Sometimes he would be in front of General Hooker and then again in front of General Sedgwick's division.

Lieutenant Kirby again distinguished himself by the able manner in which he handled his battery. To General Hooker, Sedgwick, Burns, Dana, and Meagher, and Lieutenant Kirby the country is indebted for very important services in this action. General Richardson's division was engaged at the bridge, and will, of course, be embraced in General Franklin's report.

The battle of Glendale was the most severe action since the battle of Fair Oaks, and it gives me great pleasure to state that the troops engaged in it, with the exception of McCall's division, behaved most nobly. I cannot too strongly confirm every word the subordinate officers have said in praise of their officers and men.

At 9 o'clock p.m. I received intelligence that General Franklin had retreated and that General Heintzelman was going to do it. This, of course, compelled me to retire at once, which I certainly should not have done without orders from the commanding general if these generals

