
There was also no change in Captain Rhett's battery, in General Ripley's brigade.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES E. WEBB,

Actg. Ordnance Officer of General D. H. Hill's Division.

Major E. P. ALEXANDER.

No. 205. Report of Lieutenant William M. Archer,

C. S. Army, Ordnance Officer of Major General A. P. Hill's division, of captured ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, July 15, 1862.

SIR; I have the honor to make the following report, in accordance with the requirements of your circular of 10th instant:

There are the following captured guns in possession of the batteries of this division,viz:

In Captain Carter M. Braxton's battery, two 3-inch rifle, steel.

In Captain Bachmans's battery, two 12-pounders.

In Captain W. J. Pegram's battery, one Napoleon gun.

In Captain R. S. Andrews' battery, two Napoleon guns.

Total number, 7.

The guns exchanged by Captain Bachman were transferred by him to General Wase Hampton. Those of the other batteries were turned over to Brigadier General W. N. Pendleton.

There were no guns or caissons captured from any of the batteries of this division by the enemy or lost in any other way.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. M. ARCHER,

First Lieutenant and Division Ordnance Officer.

Major E. P. ALEXANDER,

Chief Ordnance Department, Northern Virginia.

No. 206. Report of Major Beverly Randolph,

C. S. Army, Ordnance Officer First Division, First Corps, of captured ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CORPS, July 18, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to circular from Major-General Jackson, of the 13th instant, relative to number and caliber of pieces of artillery captured from the enemy or lost by this division in our recent engagements, I have the honor to make the following report:

General J. B. Hood, commanding Texas brigade, reports having captured on the 27th ultimo fifteen pieces, caliber not known, all of which were taken to the rear on the following day.

Colonel E. M. Law, commanding Third Brigade, reports the capture of twelve pieces, one 3-inch rifled gun turned over to Captain James Reilly,

