
commanding Light Battery D, North Carolina State troops; eleven other pieces, consisting of three 3-inch rifled and eight brass 6 and 12-pounder howitzers and field guns. These last were captured by portions of this and other brigades and left on the field. Captain James Reily, commanding Light Battery D, North Carolina State troops, reports that he lost neither piece nor caisson; but that he left one 3-inch rifled gun on the field, replacing it with one of the same caliber captured from the enemy.

Lieutenant Garber, commanding Staunton Light Artillery, lost neither piece nor caisson, nor has be in his battery any gun captured from the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEVERLY RANDOLPH,

Major and Division Ordnance Officer.

CHIEF OF ORDNANCE,

Army of Northern Virginia.

No. 207. Report of Brigadier General James E. B. Stuart,

C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations June 26-July 10.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Richmond, Va., July 14, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with the orders of the commanding general I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from June 26 to July 10, embracing the series of battles with the Federal forces before Richmond:

The part assigned to my command is set forth in General Orders, No. 75 (confidential), of June 26, and I beg leave to congratulate the commanding general upon the signal fulfillment by our army of what was planned in that order of battle, so much so that the order itself affords a very correct history of the battle.

My command on the morning of the 26th ultimo consisted of First Virginia Cavalry, Colonel Fitzhugh Lee; Third Virginia Cavalry, Colonel T. F. Goode; Fourth Virginia Cavalry, Captain Chamberlayne; Fifth Virginia Cavalry, Colonel T. L. Rosser; Ninth Virginia Cavalry, Colonel W. H. F. Lee; Tenth Virginia Cavalry, Colonel J. Lucius Davis; Cobb Legion Cavalry, Colonel T. R. R. Cobb; Jeff. Davis Legion, Lieutenant Colonel W. T. Martin; Stuart Horse Artillery, Captain John Pelham; a squadron of Hampton Legion Cavalry, Captain Scrivener (attached to Fifth Virginia); three companies First North Carolina Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel [James B.] Gordon.

The Third Virginia Cavalry was directed to observe the Charles City road; the Fifth Virginia and detachment First North Carolina Cavalry to watch the enemy's movements toward James River, and notify the commander nearest at hand of any attempt of the enemy to move across from White Oak Swamp to the James,and to harass and delay him en route till our forces could fall upon him.

The Tenth Virginia Cavalry was placed in reserve on the Nine-mile road.

With the remainder of my command, including the Horse Artillery, I marched late on the 25th, without baggage, equipped in light marching order and three days' rations in haversacks, and crossing Jackson's

33 R R-VOL XI, PT II

