
had not fallen back and entirely uncovered my right flank. My command reached the lines near James River about daylight.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS D'ARMEE, Camp near James River, July 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 1st instant I was ordered to place my corps d'armee near the center of our lines on line, and but two of my brigades (Meagher's and Caldwell's) and my batteries of artillery were engaged in it. These brigade and artillery behaved nobly, as usual, and lost many valuable officers and men. As the commanding general came onto the field during this battle I ceased to be in command, and therefore do not make a detailed report of the action.

I would respectfully recommend the few staff officers I had with me. In consequence of the illness of four of my staff the whole duty devolved upon Captain Clarke, chief of artillery; Surg. J. F. Hammond, medical director; Lieutenant L. Kip, and Lieutenant A. H. Cushing, aides-de-camp. These officers were indefatigable in the discharge of their duties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. V. SUMNER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 10. Report of Captain John D. Frank,

Battery G, First New York Light Artillery, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

LIGHT COMPANY G, FIRST NEW YORK ARTILLERY, Sumner's 2nd Army Corps, Turkey Bend, Va., July 5, 1862.

COLONEL: Agreeably to instructions from General Sumner, commanding Second Army Corps, I placed myself with my battery of eight

10-pounder Parrott guns under the orders of an officer said to have been detailed by you to post my battery in line of battle on the evening of the 1st instant, and arrived at the left of the center of our lines about 6.30 o'clock p.m. This point being at this time pressed by the enemy with the greatest determination, I opened at once on the enemy with the left half of my battery and posted my remaining four pieces on the right of another battery, as the intervening space between the batteries on my right and left did not admit of any more than four pieces being posted there.

The right half battery, being posted in rear of a line of infantry.

