
Major Crumpler was mortally wounded and Captain Ruffin taken prisoner. For other casualties you are respectfully referred to Colonel Baker's report.

During the series of engagements in which the portion of the brigade with me participated very few casualties occurred, notwithstanding frequent exposure to the enemy's fire.

During the whole period the officers and men exhibited that devotion to duty, thorough discipline, and efficiency which characterize regular troops, and claim at my hands the highest measure of praise and grateful acknowledgment.

Cols. T. R. R. Cobb, Fitz. Lee, W. H. F. Lee, and Lieutenant Colonel W. T. Martin, under my command immediate command, were frequently instructed with distinct isolated commands, and displayed that zeal and ability which entitle them to favorable notice and give evidence of capacity for higher trusts. Captain John Pelham, of the Horse Artillery, displayed such signal ability as an artillerist, such heroic example and devotion in danger, and indomitable energy under difficult in the movement of his battery, that, reluctant as I am at the chance of losing such a valuable limb from the brigade, I feel bound to ask for his promotion, with the remark that in either cavalry or artillery no field grade is too high for his merit and capacity. The officers and men of that battery emulated the example of their captain,and did justice to the reputation already won.

Captain William W. Blacford, of the Engineers, assigned to duty with me the day before the battles, was always in advance, obtaining valuable information of the enemy's strength, movements, and position, locating routes, and making hurried but accurate sketches. He is bold in reconnaissance, fearless in danger, and remarkably cool and correct in judgment. His service are invaluable to the advance guard of an army.

Captain J. Hardeman Stuart, Signal Corps, was particularly active and fearless in the transmission of orders at Cold Harbor, and deserves my special thanks for his gallant conduct.

Captain Norman R. Fitzhugh, assistant adjutant-general, chief of staff, though but recently promoted from the ranks, gave evidence of those rare qualities, united with personal gallantry, which constitute a capable and efficient adjutant-general.

Captain Heros von Borcke, assistant adjutant-general, was ever present, fearless and untiring in the zealous discharge of the duties assigned him.

Major Samuel Hardin Hairston, quartermaster, and Major Dabney Ball, commissary of subsistence, were prevented by their duties of office from participating in the danger of the conflict, but are entitled to my thanks for the thorough discharge of their duties.

The following officers attached to my staff deserve honorable mention in this report for their valuable services: Captain Redmond Burke; Lieutenant John Esten Cooke, ordnance officer; Lieutenant J. T. W. Hairston, C. S. Army; Lieutenant Jones R. Christian, Third Virginia Cavalry; Lieutenant Chiswell Dabney, aide; Capts. W. D. Farley and W. E. Towles, volunteers aides, they having contributed their full share to whatever success was achieved by the brigade.

My escort did good service. Private Frank Stringfellow, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, was particularly conspicuous for gallantry and efficiency at Cold Harbor. The majority of the Hanover Company (G), Fourth Virginia Cavalry, possessing invaluable merits as guides, were distributed as such among the various generals. First Lieutenant D. A.

