
Timberlake accompanied me, and from his intimate acquaintance with the country, as well as his personal bravery, was a indispensable aid to my march. His deeds of individual prowess in Hanover place him high among partisan warriors, and enabled us to know exactly the enemy's position and strength near Atlee's Station.

Accompanying this report I have the honor to submit a map,* drawn by Captain Blackford, Corps of Engineers,of region of country traversed by the cavalry, showing the extent of its operations and exhibiting the various engagements in which cavalry took part; also report A [208], Colonel T. R. R. Coob, Georgia Legion Cavalry; report B [209], Colonel L. S. Baker, First North Carolina Cavalry; report C [212], Lieutenant Colonel W. T. Martin, Jeff. Davis Legion; report D [213], Colonel T. L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry; report E, Colonel S. D. Lee, (artillery), Fourth Virginia Cavalry; report F [211], Colonel Thomas F. Goode, Third Virginia Cavalry; map G, already referred to; H, my instructions to officer commanding cavalry west of the Chickahominy; I, list of killed, wounded, and missing.+

The reports of other commanders have not been received; should they be sent in subsequently they will be forwarded.

My command captured several thousand prisoners and arms, the precise number it being impossible to ascertain. The detachment of cavalry left at the White House secured much valuable public property, enumerated already.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Department of Virginia.

[Inclosure H.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, June 25, 1862.

COLONEL: You will immediately supply your command from Major Ball, commissary of subsistence, with three days' rations [of] hard bread and bacon. Should an engagement take place, you will move your main body take advantage of any movement the enemy may make toward James River to harass and delay him by demonstrations in his front and vigorous attacks in his flanks. Keep your command well together and well in hand, and be sure to kept a perfect communication and thorough co-operation with Major-General Huger and any other commander near you, bearing in mind that it is our first duty of whip the enemy, and to effect that no necessary sacrifice is too great, no hardship too severe.

I have entire confidence in your skill, ability, and energy. Colonel Goode, Third Virginia Cavalry, will be on the Charles City road.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,J. E. B. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel T. L. ROSSER,

(Or Cavalry Officer Commanding Right Wing of Pickets.)

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

+Embodied in return, p.984.

---------------

