
P. S.-Should you be ordered to join me with your regiment these instructions will be turned over to your successor in command.

No. 208. Report of Colonel Thomas R. R. Cobb,

Georgia Legion, of operations June 26-July 10.

HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA LEGION, July 17, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the order of General Stuart I have the honor to report the operations of the cavalry under my command from June 26 to July 10:

We left our camp on an hour's notice on the evening of June 25, joining General Stuart upon the Brooke turnpike and continuing the march until we met the army of General Jackson near Ashland that night.

Nothing special occurred with my command on 26th.

On the 27th, near the close of the battle at Cold Harbord, we were ordered forward into the field. The position in which we were halted exposed my entire line to the fire of one of the enemy's batteries, which lost no time in opening upon us. Finding my men immediately within the range and to shells striking under their horses and exploding over their heads, I promptly removed them under the cover of the hill; fortunately no casualty occurred.

On Saturday, 28th, one of my squadrons, under command of Major Delony, was in advance, with orders to proceed to Dispatch Station. Finding it defended by cavalry, they were promptly charged and put to flight. On pursuing them beyond the railroad another company of cavalry was found in line, who were as promptly charged and routed.

The only casualties to this quadroon was a flesh wound received in the arm by Lieutenant Early; a slight saber cut on the head by a private (Walters), and slight wounds to once or two horses.

Our success enabled us to cut the wires and break the communication between the enemy and his base. While separated from the main column on 28th my command captured three wagons and teams of the enemy had several prisoners that were sent to the rear.

On Sunday, 29th, I was detached and ordered to proceeded to Tunstall's Station to destroy the track, cars, &amp;c., at that point, which was done. On that evening I rejoined the command at the White House.

On Monday, 30th, by order, I left one squadron at the White House to complete the work of destruction there, with orders to preserve certain property and send it to Richmond. This squadron did not rejoin me until after the 10th.

I continued with the column until Thursday, July 3, when I was ordered by General Stuart to take position near Shirley, on James River, in the rear of the enemy. This position I occupied until the 10th. I found the rear guard consisted of about 2,000 infantry, one battery of artillery, and about 500 cavalry. These protected a wagon train of 300 or 400 wagons. With the assistance of a few guns and two regiments of infantry I think I could have captured this train and its guard, and I applied accordingly both to General Lee and General Stuart. They were not furnished, doubtlessly for good reasons, until General A. P. Hill arrived on the 6th (I believe), at which time the entire train and guard had crossed the creek and joined the main army.

