
My scouts brought in numerous prisoners, who were sent to the rear, and my command collected a large number of small-arms and other stores, which were secured.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOS. R. R. COBB,

Colonel, Commanding Georgia Legion.

No. 209. Report of Colonel Lawrence S. Baker,

First North Carolina Cavalry, of operations June 28-July 27.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAROLINA CAVALRY, Hanover Court-House, Va., July 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived with five companies of my regiment on the morning of June 28, after a forced march from North Carolina, where I had been on duty. I was directed by General Lee to assume command of all the cavalry that was not with General Stuart.

On the night of [the] 29th I was received by General Lee to make a bold, daring scout, and find out where the enemy was. I accordingly proceeded with five companies of my regiment, viz: Captain Ruffin's Houston's, Barringer's, McLeod's, and Lieutenant Blair's, and the effective force of Colonel Goode's (150 or 200), down the New Market and Charles City roads. It was rumored that there was a camp of the enemy was Willi's Church, on the Quaker road, but not being able to obtain any reliable information of their movements, I determined to drive back their cavalry force, which was covering their movements, and proceeded to the Quaker road, and on coming up to the enemy charged them, killing several with sabers and driving them to their main camp. Number killed not accurately ascertained, as I was compelled afterward to retreat from their main camp, which I found to be their main army, or a division covering its movements. Their camp was in a very thick place, and in the pursuit I was in a few yards of it before I ascertained their force. The fire of the enemy was very heavy, and I regret to report the loss of Major Thomas N. Crumpler, severely wounded (since dead); Lieutenant Gaines, adjutant, wounded; 11 privates and non-commissioned officers wounded and brought off; 1 private of the Third Virginia Regiment severely wounded; Captain Ruffin, Lieutenant Fields, and 46 non-commissioned officers and privates missing, being wounded, killed, or thrown from their horses.

All the officers and men behaved with the greatest coolness and bravery. I saw every officer and man doing his duty promptly and well.

On Monday the cavalry was kept on the right to ascertain the position of the enemy and follow any success.

On Tuesday was ordered on the left of General Jackson and afterward in scouring the country for prisoners, but nothing to report.

On Wednesday I joined General Stuart, and my regiment accompanies him in pursuit of the enemy. Since the they have been on

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties shows 1 man killed, 1 officer and 1 man wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

