
picket duty in front of the enemy during the whole time, with an occasional skirmish incident to such service, but of no importance.

I am, sir, with much respect,

L. S., BAKER,

Colonel First North Carolina Cavalry.

Captain FITZHUGH.

No. 210. Report of Brigadier General Fitzhugh Lee,

First Virginia Cavalry, of operations in front of Richmond during the Seven-days' Battles.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST VIRGINIA CAVALRY, Hanover Court-House, Va., August 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the First Virginia Cavalry remained during the battles in front of Richmond under the immediate command of General J. E. B. Stuart and took part in all his operations.

The only casualty was the loss of Private R. P. Thomas, of Company A. He had been sent to the front, in company with Lieutenant Stewart, of Company B, to reconnoiter dismounted, when the came suddenly upon a large body of the enemy concealed in the woods. Refusing their demand to surrender, this party of two gathered up some abandoned loaded arms in the vicinity and fought bravely until Thomas was killed, when the lieutenant made his escape, the enemy not daring to pursue a soldier who had proved that he was not to be taken alive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FITZ. LEE,

Late Colonel First Va., Cav., Brigadier, General, Commanding Second Brigadier

Captain NORMAN R. FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Brigade.

No. 211. Report of Colonel Thomas F. Goode,

Third Virginia Cavalry, of operations June 26-July 10.

WHITE HOUSE, July 15, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with your order of the 13th instant I have the honor to report the following as the operations of my regiment from June 26 to July 10:

On June 26 the regiment was on the Williamsburg road as a reserve.

Early on the morning of the 27th, in compliance with an order from General Lee, I moved down on the Darbytown road to reconnoiter the position of the enemy in the vicinity of White Oak Swamp. A portion of the regiment being left along the enemy's lines to observe his movements, the remainder returned that day to camp.

On Saturday evening, the 28th, I was ordered with my command to join Colonel Baker, of the First North Carolina Cavalry, who was under orders to reconnoiter the position of the enemy on the Charles city road, in the vicinity of White Oak Swamp, and, if possible, to penetrate his lines. In the execution of this order I moved down upon the Charles City road on Saturday night.

Early on Sunday morning, the 29th, I moved off with Colonel Baker

