
in the direction of the Long Bridge. As we approached Willis'

Church we came upon and charged a body of the enemy's cavalry. Following them a short distance, we were open[ed] upon by severely of artillery, when we found ourselves in an ambuscade of artillery, infantry, and cavalry. My regiment had 1 man severely (supposed to be mortally) wounded, and retired in good order.

That evening, I returned to my encampment, and a few hours afterward, in compliance with an order from General Lee, moved down on the Darbytown road, reporting to Major-General Longstreet.

In compliance with his order, early on the morning of Monday, the 30th, I reported to Colonel Jenkins, commanding General Anderson's brigade, and moved down as his advance guard until we came upon the enemy on the Charles City and Quaker roads. Some time after the fight commenced I was ordered by General Longstreet to a position a short distance in the rear, which I maintained during that duty.

On the morning of Tuesday, July 1, I was ordered to move down the river road in the direction of Malvern Hill. After remaining in that vicinity for some hours I was ordered under Colonel Baker, First North Carolina Cavalry, to take position on the right and rear of General Lee. After occupying that position several hours my command moved with Colonel Baker with a view of getting to the command of General Jackson, beyond that Quaker road. After moving some miles in that direction an advance guard from my regiment, thrown out by Colonel Baker, reported that both sides of the road leading to Jackson's left, which road was exceedingly narrow and thickly wooded on either side, was occupied in force by the enemy's sharpshooters. It was deemed impracticable to make the connection with Jackson's command, and we encamped that night at Gatewood's farm.

Early on the morning of Wednesday, July 2, my regiment was ordered by yourself to move down by way of Nance's shop and Forge Bridge to Talleysville and return by way of Bottom's Bridge, the execution of which order occupied Wednesday, the 2nd, and Thursday, July 3.

On July 4, I remained in camp, and the 5th reported my command to you at Salem Church, in Charles City County, and on the next day, the 6th, in compliance with your order, moved to this place, where I remained until the 10th instant, when, in obedience to an order from General Lee, I moved with my command in the direction of Norman's Ferry, with a view of intercepting a party of the enemy's cavalry reported to be crossing the Mattapony at Walkerton. Learning, however, that night from Dr. Walker, who had conveyed to General Lee the intelligence of this supposed move of the enemy, that he had retired in the direction of, and most probably to, Gloucester Point, I returned on the next day to this place.

I have the honor to report that since forwarding to your an inventory of the Government property at this place a few days since a large wagon train has been sent down, which carried off everything of value. There is nothing of any value or consequence remaining.

I have the honor to submit for your decision whether the men over thirty-five who have not re-enlisted are entitled to a discharge to-morrow, the 10th.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS F. GOODE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry.

