
was moved out of range, and formed sufficiently near to charge in the event of its services being needed. About dark all firing ceased; the enemy moved off the field.

After dark my command accompanies the general with the First and Ninth Regiments Virginia Cavalry and Cobb's Legion (cavalry) in pursuit toward Dispatch Station. Nothing was seen of the enemy, and we returned and bivouacked near the battle-field.

Saturday, 28th ultimo, at an nearly hour, my command, in obedience the orders, reconnoitered the country around Old Church toward the New Market road, and discovered that the enemy's cavalry had during the previous afternoon retired toward the White House. I joined the brigade at Dispatch Station, and moved with it the same afternoon to the vicinity of Tunstall's Station. Here the artillery of the brigade drove back a squadron of the enemy's cavalry. We bivouacked at this point and next day advanced to the White House.

Captain Avery, Jeff. Davis Legin, and Lieutenant Murray, Fourth Cavalry, with their companies, were dismounted and, with two pieces of the Horse Artillery, sent forward to engage a large gunboat lying off the White House. The boat was compelled to retire, and the brigade took possession of the place, with the large and valuable stores abandoned by the enemy in his precipitous flight.

The preceding night large fires were seen in the direction of the White House. This place was now a scene of desolation; the house was wantonly burned, with its contents. This once beautiful estate, felled and all the fencing had disappeared. This once beautiful estate, made more interesting by associations connected with the great leader of the first Revolution, George Washington, now utterly despoiled, forcibly remanded us that we were contending against a foe respecting nothing, sparing nothing.

Scattered over the field were abandoned wagons and ambulances, mules, tents, commissary and quartermaster's stores. Hundreds of bonfires had been made by the enemy of whatever was combustible; still an immense amount of property was left uninjured. My command was supplied with abundant rations for three days and the horses with forage from the enemy's supplies.

Monday, June 30, my command, with Pelham's artillery, now moved toward the Forge Bridge, encountering a few of the enemy's skirmishers. It was discovered, as the bridge was approached, that the enemy already held the position with infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Captain Pelham was advanced with two of his pieces to a point within 400 yards of the bridge, and opened with his pieces (howitzers). He was replied to by two rifled pieces, but soon silenced them,and they withdrew to the hills beyond the river.

A reconnoitering force was crossed over the river to examine the position assumed by the enemy, and was charged upon by cavalry in the afternoon. In order to clear the road of this cavalry Captain Pelham was ordered with two 12-pounder howitzers to take position on the bridge and shell the road. Just as he unlimbered the enemy opened upon him with two rifled pieces, one at only 400 yards' distance. As this gun had been trained upon the road occupied by the pieces of Captain Pelham its fire was very accurate and rapid, yet in fifteen minutes and several wounded. This force of the enemy had been sent to repair the bridge, and had begun work when we attacked them. As far as could be ascertained the enemy one regiment of infantry, a

34 R R-VOL XI, PT II

