
opened a rapid fire of shell and shortly after of spherical case. As no infantry of our was posted in front of the left half battery, these four pieces were for a time exposed to a very galling fire of musketry as well as artillery, but the well-directed discharges of shrapnel from these pieces soon silenced the musketry in front of them;but while directing my fire to right, where a most terrible fire of musketry was being poured into our infantry, one or more of the enemy's regiments had approached to within 300 yards of the battery almost unobserved in the darkness, but were soon driven back by some rapid and well-directed discharges of canister, assisted by several volleys delivered by a regiment on my left (the Third Maine). Two of my caissons having failed to come up - one on account of having two horses shot, which at the time, unknown to me, had not been replaced; the other one being unable to keep up with the battery, lost its way - my ammunition becoming rapidly exhausted, I at once had the facts reported to General Porter, with a request that another battery might be sent to my relief. This, however, was not accomplished until nearly 9 o'clock, when the action had nearly closed, and Captain Benson's battery of the Second U. S. Artillery took the place of mine. During the time my battery was engaged nearly 400 rounds of shell, 515 rounds of spherical case, and 66 rounds of canister had been expended.

Lieutenant S. A. McClellan was slightly wounded by a fragment of shell, but did not leave the field until the battery was withdrawn. One man was severely wounded; it is feared mortally. Four others were but slightly wounded.

My loss in horses consists of 4 killed, 5 severely and 3 slightly wounded.

In conclusion, I consider it my duty to state that with few exceptions my officers and men acted with determined courage and bravery, even while a battery four own, posted in my rear, fired three rounds of canister into my horses and men.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. D. FRANK,

Captain, First New York Artillery.

Colonel HENRY J. HUNT,

Fifth Regiment U. S. Artillery, Commanding Artillery.

No. 11. Report of Brigadier General Israel B. Richardson,

U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge,and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS RICHARDSON'S DIVISION, July 6, 1862.

DEAR SIR: In compliance with order I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my division in the several actions of Allen's Farm, Savage Station, Nelson's Farm, and Malverton:

On Friday, June 27, while in the intrenchments erected by my division in front of the station of Fair Oaks, and late in the afternoon of

