
was one of the party, and was taken prisoner. General Holmes having withdrawn, it became necessary for me to place the greater part of my command on picket dismounted.

Early the following morning the 1st instant, by reconnaissance, I found the enemy in line of battle on Malvern Hill. I was near enough to hear loud and prolonged cheering, as if re-enforcements or a general had arrived. This I also reported to General Huger; but Colonel Baker, having arrived, assumed the command, and soon moved with my command over to the left to support the attack which General Magruder was about to make. My command was held on the left, and as the lines were extended in that direction I was moved to the left, and early the following morning I joined you with my command.

In every instance where my men were thrown in contact with the enemy I could but observe the great want of proper discipline necessary to insure implicit confidence. They had not been drilled and the most of them had never been under fire before.

I took several prisoners and collected many arms.

I lost 4 men - 2 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 1 private - by desertion to the enemy.

Respectfully submitted.

THOMAS L. ROSSER,

Colonel Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

No. 214. Reports of Brigadier General William N. Pendelton,

C. S. Army, commanding Reserve Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia, of operations June 26-July 2.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, Near Richmond, July 21, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the art performed by the several portions of my command and by myself in the recent successful movements of our army against the enemy:

The duty at the outset assigned me was to see such good use made of the artillery on the Richmond side of the Chickahominy as to hold the enemy in check should he advance against our weakened lines, while our more active force was attacking his right beyond the stream. To this I was directed to give my constant and unremitting attention, and, as a preliminary, instructed to have the Reserve Artillery posted on the different fronts, where it could be conveniently and rapidly brought into action when necessary.

My arrangements were accordingly made, and early dawn of June 26 found the Reserve Artillery distributed thus: Major Charles Richardson, with two batteries of his battalion (those of Ancell and Milledge), on the heights near Mechanicsville Bridge; two batteries (those Major Richardson's battalion) some distance down the Chickahominy, near Mrs. Price's house, where they had been for many days on duty, with the guns directed by Major Garnett, under fire - often severe - from the enemy's batteries; Major William Nelson, with his battalion, the batteries of Huckstep, Kirkpatrick,and R. C. M. Page, advanced on the Nile-mile road to co-operate with the force near Dr. Garnett's farm; Major H. P. Jones, with his battalion, the batteries of Clark, Peyton,

