
me to move my guns along the ridge on the south side of the Chickahominy, and do the best I could against the enemy on the opposite side. I therefore moved down the rive with all of my guns (expect one of the 4-62 rifles of Captain Masters, and one

smooth-bore 6-pounder and two 12-pounder howitzers of Captain Milledge, having no horses to move these guns) and took a position Watts' farm, and opened fire (I have reason to believe with good effect) upon the enemy with Captain Davidson's two 3-inch rifles and Captain Milledge's 3-inch rifle and one of Captain Masters 4-62 rifles, and continued firing until ordered to cease by General Lee. About this time you came up and I asked for further orders, requesting to be permitted to send to the rear the pieces that could not be used with effect, and having received your approval, I ordered Captain Ancell to take to our old camp (near the

toll-gate, on the Mechanicsville road) his battery, together with the three guns of Captain Milledge and the 4-62 rifle of Captain Masters left near Ashton's house, and then, by your order, I proceeded down the river to Mr. Christian's farm, without being able, however, to get another shot at the enemy.

At this point Captain Davidson handed me an order from Brigadier General

J. R. Anderson, requiring him to join at once his brigade, and I of course relieved him from duty with me. I then joined you at the hospital on the Nine-nile road, about 1 mile Dr. Garnett's farm. You then ordered me to move the two 4-62 rifles of Captain Masters to that point and you would have them placed in position. The guns being exceedingly heavy (weighing nearly 4,000 pounds each) and the road very bad, it was with great difficulty that I succeeded in getting one of the guns (under Captain Ancell) to the point indicated by 8 p.m., when all operations for the day seemed to have ceased and you, I learned, had left the field. The other gun (under Captain Milledge) could not be brought down, and Captain Milledge informed me that your ordered him to take it to camp. The next day (June 28) I succeeded in seeing you late in the afternoon, when you told me that I could confer with Colonel Lee, chief of artillery General Magruder's division, as to the best position for the gun. Colonel Lee said that the gun could be of no service there at the time, but that he would let me know if it could be used the next day. The next day (June 29) at an early hour General Magruder's troops were moved out of their works, and I thought it best to have the gun taken to my camp, which I did.

I received ordered me to move the two 4-62 rifles at early dawn the next when your ordered me to move the two 4-62 rifles at early dawn the next morning down the Darby [town] road in the direction of New Market, and you would select a position for them. This order I obeyed, halting on the Darby [town] road where it is intersected by the New Market road, and reported to you through Captain Milledge, and received your order directing me to move down to a point near which you would endeavor to find a position for the guns. Captain Milledge acting as guide, we halted on the farm of a Mr. Fussell, when I reported to you in person and your ordered me to bivouac for the night, as you were unable to find a suitable position for the guns. The next morning I, by your order, returned to camp with the guns, as you thought they could not be used to advantage at all down there.

In leaving my old camp on the Mechanicsville road near the tollgate, on the morning of the 1st instant, I ordered Captain Woolfolk (senior captain) to take charge of and move the camp down on the Williamsburg road near Fulton's hill, you having ordered me to take a position more convenient to the scene of operations.

