
It is doubtless proper to add that two drivers and four horses from each of the batteries of Captains Ancell and Milledge had been, by General A. P. Hill's orders, sent to join Captain D. G. McIntosh's battery. One of these men, Private Robinson, of Captain Milledge's company, was slightly wounded, and one of the horses sent from Captain Ancell's battery died.

Before concluding I beg leave to say that the soldierly bearing, energy, and general good conduct of the officers and men under my command afford me the liveliest gratification and satisfaction, and in awarding praise I cannot discriminate in favor of some of them without doing injustice to others, inasmuch as all of my orders were obeyed with great alacrity and cheerfulness.

I would add that Dr. Semple, surgeon of my battalion, was always at his post of duty and performed his part most satisfactorily.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES RICHARDSON,

Major, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDELTON, Chief of Artillery.

No. 216. Report of Captain John J. Ancell,

Fluvanna (Va) Light Artillery, of operations June 26-July 2.

IN CAMP, July 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report (in accordance with an order to report what transpired in my command from June 26 to July 2) that on Thursday, June 26, I was ordered by yourself to take my battery to a position on the Chickahominy about 1 mile below the Mechanicsville road, and to hold the position in case the enemy should attempt to cross there. No such attempt being made by the enemy, I only waited in position until Friday morning, when, the enemy having been driven below this point, I, in obedience to your order, moved my battery back to camp, together with a large rifled gun, under the command of Captain Masters.

On Friday evening, in compliance with your order, I took command of and carried this large gun to a point on the Nine-mile road near the farm of Dr. Garnett, at which point I remained until Sunday morning, June 29, when, no opportunity offering to bring it to bear upon the enemy, it was, in accordance with your order, moved back to camp.

On Tuesday, the 1st instant, I carried the same piece down the Darbytown road, as directed by you, to Fussell's farm, near the scene of the fight of that evening, but was not able to get into a position from which to use it against the foe, and on the next morning returned with it to camp. With the execution of these several orders ended any part taken by my company in the struggles around Richmond.

I will take occasion to say, though not actually engaged, the men acted in a manner entirely satisfactory, and evinced an earnest desire to take an active part in the late great struggles around Richmond; but as all this occurred under your immediate observation, I will only add that they obeyed all orders cheerfully and soldierly.

Major, I have the honor to be, yours, with high respect,

JOHN J. ANCELL,

Captain Fluvanna Light Artillery.

Major CHARLES RICHARDSON, Commanding Second Battalion, Res. Arty.

