
No. 217. Report of Captain John Milledge, jr.,

Georgia Battery, of operations June 26-July 1, including the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.

CAMP, July 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report (in accordance with an order to report what transpired in my command between June 26 and July [2]) that on the afternoon of June 26 I was ordered by yourself to take one piece (rifled) down the river (Chickahominy), and make any disposition of it which I thought would bear with effect upon any of the enemy's forces then fighting or in position on the other side of the river. Ascertaining that one of the enemy's batteries (said to be Griffin's New York battery) was in position near the edge of the creek on the other side, and was busy with its fire upon the Maryland Battery, in position on the Mechanicsville hill, I placed the rifled piece in position near the creek and opened fire on the New York battery, which was continued about an hour, as far as I could judge, with considerable accuracy and effect; Lieutenant [Jesse] Thompson was with me in charge of the piece.

On the morning of the 27th at daylight my company was detailed, by order of General Lee, to assist in the management of one of the large rifled guns under command of Captain Masters. Acting with him, we carried the piece some 1 1/2 miles below the turnpike, placed it in position, and, directing its fire upon such points of the enemy's lines as seemed most stubborn, worked it until ordered by General Lee to cease firing.

Of the rest of the part performed by my company in that day's attempt, and those made afterward to get the gun where it could be used, in obedience to orders, of the zeal, good order, and general soldierly spirit displayed during the interval between June 26 and July 2, you can judge as well as myself, and to your candid judgment I am satisfied to leave them without any comment from me, knowing full well that the true soldier's zealous attempt to discharge his duty, though that duty may only be anxiously waiting, watching, marching, and rematching, and not the more grateful active duty of the battle-field, is not without its due credit in your yes, and that justice will be done to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. MILLEDGE, Jr.,

Captain Company C, Second Artillery Battalion.

Major CHARLES RICHARDSON,

Commanding Second Battalion, Reserve Artillery.

No. 218. Report of Lieutenant James Woolfolk,

Ashland (Va.) Artillery, of operations June 26-July 1.

SIR: In pursuance of your orders I have the honor to make the following report of the service of this battery from June 26:

At this date we were on picket duty at Mrs. Price's house, opposite the New Bridge, 7 miles from Richmond. We were then under the

