
command of Colonel Lee, and attached to [Third] Brigade, Colonel Anderson commanding, in General Jones' division, to whom we reported June 14. Nothing occurred on the 26th except a little harmless shelling from the enemy's batteries (four in number), stationed opposite to us on the north side of the Chickahominy.

On the afternoon of the 27th we were ordered, together with two of Captain Lane's guns, all under the conduct of Colonel Lee, against a strong work of the enemy some three-quarters of a mile to our right and front. We were brought into position in an open field about 600 yards from the enemy's works, when we opened upon him with shell and spherical case from our howitzers (two 12-pounder) and with shell and shot from our rifled pieces (two 3-inch guns). We fired very rapidly, receiving in reply an incessant fire from the enemy's battery, composed, as we afterward learned from prisoners, of thirteen breech-loading guns, sustaining at the same time an enfilading fire from their sharpshooters. After an engagement of about thirty minutes we were ordered to retire, having sustained a loss of 1 man killed and 3 wounded. Of the effect of our fire I have no means of knowing, except from the report of prisoners, who stated that their loss was heavy in killed, wounded, and in destruction of property.

On Saturday, the 28th, our two rifled pieces were detached to proceeded down the New Bridge road, and, in company with a portion of Lane'a and Dabney's batteries, to shell the enemy at long range. This duty was performed with fine effect, the enemy breaking and running in every direction.

On the 29th we were ordered, under the command of Major Garnett and temporarily in support of General Toomb's brigade, some 3 miles down the road, on the south side of the Chickahominy, but no requisition was made upon us for active service, and on the next day, June 30, we were and sent back to camp to recruit, men and horses being very much broken down.

Of the conduct of the men of this command I fell it my duty to report that they behaved, with two exceptions, with marked coolness and gallantry.

With the greatest respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAMES WOOLFOLK,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Ashland Arty., Co. A, 2nd Batt., Res. Arty.

Major CHARLES RICHARDSON,

Commanding Second Battalion, Reserve Artillery Corps.

No. 219. Report of Major William Nelson,

commanding Third Battalion, of operations June 26 - July 1, including the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms.

HDQRS. THIRD BATTALION, RESERVE ARTILLERY, Near Richmond, Va., July 12, 1862.

GENERAL: At your request I respectfully submit to you the following statement of my proceedings, as also of my command, in the recent movements of our army in the defenses of Richmond:

In obedience to your order I reported early Thursday morning, the

