
26th ultimo, with my three companies to Lieutenant Colonel S. D. Lee, chief of artillery for General Magruder's division, who ordered me to post two of my batteries in Garnett's field in advance of our main line and in support of our advanced pickets and to hold the other in reserve. Captains Kirkpatrick and Page, with their batteries, were posted accordingly, and Captain Charles T. Huckstep, with his, was kept in reserve near New Bridge Church.

Nothing of interest transpired until the afternoon, when the enemy's batteries from several different points opened fire upon the whole field, frequently throwing their shells very near us, but without injury.

These two batteries were withdrawn to a less hazardous position after night, and replaced before light the next morning, Friday, the 27th.

In the early part of Friday I was invited by Lieutenant-Colonel Lee to reconnoiter with him the enemy's position immediately in our front, where they were busily engaged on an advanced line of works, with a view to stop their operations; after which it was determined that I should advance one section of howitzers to our extreme picket line, a little to the right of our position, to co-operate with other pieces which Colonel Lee would post on the left. I was to be ready and to open as soon as the firing on my left commenced. I requested Captain Kirkpatrick to take two of his howitzers, with their detachments, to the point of the field determined on, and I accompanied them. His pieces were immediately put in position just below the crest of the hill and loaded. Very soon the signal on our left was heard, when the captain gave the order and the firing commenced with energy and efficiency, and the working parties were soon driven from their position. Immediately the enemy opened upon us with batteries at four different points. After the working parties were driven off our fie was aimed at one of their batteries and kept up until the limbers were emptied of ammunition, when the firing ceased for a very short time for the caissons to be brought up, which was soon done, and the firing recommenced with vigor and kept up until the men were much exhausted, when I requested the captain to cease firing and let his men sit down below the crest of the hill and rest. During this whole time they were under a heavy fire from the four batteries before referred to, and I take pleasure in saying of all, officers and men, that they did their duty well.

For further particulars of the operations of this company and results to them I refer you to the accompanying statement of Captain Kirkpatrick.

The position occupied by Captain Page's battery was peculiarly trying, being under a hot fire during part of Thursday afternoon and on Friday, without being able to return it at all. I was fully satisfied with the conduct of all the officers and men, and for further particulars of their operations I refer you to the accompanying statement of Captain Page.

Friday, afternoon I was asked by Colonel Lee for one rifle gun to co-operate with others which he wished to try the enemy's position with, and I sent the rifle of Captain Huckstep's battery, under charge of Lieutenant Massie, to whose report, herewith, I refer you for particulars. This guns in that skirmish was well managed and served in every particular.

Saturday we retained our former positions without engaging in what took place near by, but being under fire part of the time.

Sunday morning we were early in the field, and late in the day advanced with the division toward Fair Oaks Station, on the York River Railroad, and there I was ordered by Colonel Lee to follow on with the

