
reserve at a safe distance from the center of General McLaws' division. Doing this,we staid that night near the general's command, on the Williamsburg road.

Monday morning we were ordered to march for Allen's farm, on James River, by the way of the Darbytown road, and I was ordered to halt my command about 2 miles short of Allen's farm, which was done. My encampment that night was on Robertson's farm, called Camp Holly.

On Wednesday, July 2, I was ordered to take all the rifle guns of my command to the front, where we remained until the afternoon, when we were ordered back to Camp Holly with them. There we staid until Friday, the 4th, when we were ordered back to this camp.

I cannot too fully express my thanks for and appreciation of the conduct on the occasions referred to off Surg. J. R. Page and Assistant Surgeons Perrin and Hopkins; also Lieutenant Massie and my young aide Mr. R. R. Jones. These gentleman all did much to excite my grateful remembrance.

With gratitude to God for his protection and care over us, I respectfully submit this report.

WM. NELSON,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

No. 220. Report of Lieutenant John L. Massie,

Fluvanna (Va.) Artillery, of operations June 26-July 4, including action at Garnett's Farm.

CAMP NEAR RICHMOND, VA., July 12, 1862.

In the absence of Captain Huckstep I submit the following statement of the movements,&amp;c., of the Fluvanna Artillery during the recent engagements before Richmond:

On Thursday morning, June 26, we proceeded to the front of our lines on the Nine-mile road (General Magruder's division) and were placed in reserve in the field near New Bridge Church.

The next evening, Friday, our rifle gun and its detachments of 12 men, under my immediate command, were ordered to take position in the open field near Dr. Garnett's house, where, in company with several other batteries (the whole under command of Major Garnett), we opened fire upon one of the enemy's batteries, partially concealed by woods. Our fire was promptly returned by at least four batteries, three being entirely concealed by the woods and placed obliquely to our right, thus giving them a cross-fire upon us; also by a line of sharpshooters protected by rifle pits immediately in our front and about 400 yards distant. The fire of the enemy soon became very warm, and as we were not protected by either works or the conformation of the ground, we were ordered to retire. The conduct of the men while under fire was all that could have been expected or desired.

We lost in this skirmish Private N. W. Jennings, who was killed by a shell-wound in the hip. He was a good soldier, cheerful and prompt in the performance of his duties. Private S. H. Mayze was also wounded slightly on the hip. We also lost one horse permanently disabled.

We were unable to ascertain the result of our firing, as the woods

