
into which our shells were thrown soon became so filled with smoke as to obscure everything from view.

We retired to our post in reserve, where we were kept until Monday morning, June 30, when we proceeded to Camp Holly,near New Market, there rejoining our battalion.

On Wednesday, July 2, our rifle gun, under Captain Huckstep, was sent to the front, but ordered back later in the day without firing.

We were held in reserve at Camp Holly until Friday morning, July 4, when we returned to our present encampment.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. L. MASSIE,

Lieutenant, Fluvanna Artillery.

Major WILLIAM NELSON, Commanding Third Artillery Battalion.

No. 221. Report of Captain Thomas J. Kirkpatrick,

Amherst (Va.), Artillery, of operations June 26 - July 2, including actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms.

--- --, 1862.

MAJOR: At your request I submit the following statement of the part taken by my company in the recent engagements before Richmond:

On Thursday, June 26, we proceeded with four guns, two being left, on account of sickness among the members of the company, to the front at Garnett's farm. We were stationed at a point within range of the enemy's guns in front and on our left, but remained undisturbed till the afternoon, when the batteries on our left opened a fire upon the whole field. Many of the shell came near, but did us no harm.

The next morning we resumed the place held by us the day before.

About 12 o'clock we were ordered to take a position considerably advanced and to our right, with two howitzers, and there to open fire upon a party of the enemy then at work upon the rifle pits in front of their works. As soon as our fire commenced the enemy opened upon us from at least four different batteries, firing at us no less than five different species of projectile.

During this fire Lieutenant [William R.] Walton, Corporal Davidson, and Privates Hewitt and John Goodwin were struck by fragments of shell, though no one was seriously hurt. At the other guns, which remained for some time in a very exposed condition, Private Motley was also struck. One of our horses was killed and 2 wounded.

We remained in the advanced position till about 4 p.m.

I cannot forbear stating just here that you were present with us during the time that the enemy's fire was concentrated upon us, and I fell under lasting obligations to you for the great encouragement and assistance you afforded us, inexperienced as we were, by your calm and cheerful courage, as well as by advice as to how our fire should be conducted.

On Saturday we took again the same position and in the afternoon were ordered to proceed again with two guns to the position just alluded to, in order to open fire on the enemy's batteries, which it was supposed had been evacuated. Before we reached the position the order was countermanded. On our way going and returning we were under a heavy fire.

35 R R-VOL XI, PT II

