
On Sunday morning at 10 o'clock we proceeded with General Magruder's forces in pursuit of the enemy down the Nine-mile and Williamsburg roads. We were held in reserve, though under fire, during the fight on Sunday evening, about 1 mile below the Seven Pines.

On Monday we returned up the Williamsburg road with the same forces, and crossed over to Camp Holly, where we were held in reserve till Friday, when our battery was directed back to camp.

On Thursday my rifle piece, under Lieutenant [George W.] Hobson, was ordered toward the front, but he was soon directed to return.

It is proper to add that I was assisted in the engagement of Friday by Lieutenants Hobson and [John F.] Latham, who rendered every possible service and proved themselves both competent and brave.

Very respectfully submitted.

THO. J. KIRKPATRICK,

Captain, Commanding Amherst Artillery.

Major WILLIAM NELSON,

Commanding Third Battalion, Reserve Corps Artillery.

No. 222. Report of Captain R. C. M. Page,

Morris (Va.) Artillery, of operations June 26 - July 2, including actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms.

CAMP THIRD BATTALION, RESERVE ARTILLERY, July 12, 1862.

MAJOR: According to your request I respectfully submit the following report of my battery during the late engagements before Richmond:

On Thursday morning, June 26, we were ordered down the Nine-mile road as far as Garnett's farm, where we took a position on the road and just in rear of our extreme picket lines. After remaining here for about two hours the enemy opened fire upon us with his long range guns, which he kept up for some time, when, by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Lee, we shifted our position. Here again we were shelled from time to time until night, when we withdrew, resuming our first position early next morning.

On this day, Friday, our position was shelled constantly throughout the day without our being able to reply, as we had orders to fire only in case the enemy appeared in front in the open field.

On Saturday after the middle of the day everything became quiet.

On Sunday, about 10 a.m., we started with Major-General Magruder's forces down the Nine-mile and Williamsburg roads in pursuit of the enemy and went as far as Savage's farm, where we rested for the night.

Monday morning we continued our march and reached Hollywood, near the scene of the terrible conflict of Tuesday evening.

On Wednesday morning our rifled pieces, Lieutenant [Charles R.] Montgomery commanding, were sent to the front to reconnoiter, and returned in the evening. At this camp we remained until Friday morning, when by your command, we returned to our present encampment.

Respectfully submitted.

R. C. M. PAGE,

Captain, Commanding Morris Artillery.

Major WILLIAM NELSON, Commanding.

