
No. 223. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Cutts,

commanding Sumter (Ga.) Artillery Battalion, of operations June 26 - July 1.
HEADQUARTERS SUMTER ARTILLERY BATTALION, Camp near Richmond, Va., July 12, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from June 26 to the present date:

Captain John Lane's company, of six guns, having been detached from my immediate command, I would respectfully submit his own report for your consideration, which please find inclosed.

At an early hour on June 26, in carrying out your order in instructions of the 25th, I reported with three batteries - Captain H. M. Ross, with six guns, Captain John V. Price, with four guns, and Captain James Ap Blackshear, also with four guns - to Major-General Huger at our advance lines on the Williamsburg road. My batteries were held in reserve to support General Huger's command.

On the evening of that day I was joined by Lieutenant [Thomas A.] Maddox with one gun of Captain S. P. Hamilton's battery, Lieutenant Steiner, of the same company, having obtained permission to report to General Toombs with two guns of the battery I have had nor report of his operations.

With the above-mentioned batteries, in all fifteen guns, I remained personally on the ground in rear of General Huger's command, and near the enemy's lines, until Sunday morning, the 29th, and, although did no actual service except shelling the enemy's pickets in the woods, we were at all ready to meet the enemy,and from his position and superior force were hourly expecting an engagement.

On the 29th, being informed that the enemy had abandoned their entrenchments and were in full retreat and the division being well supplied with artillery, General Huger ordered tow of my batteries -Captains Price's and Blackshear's - back to our camp near Richmond, there to be held in reserve to await orders. Myself, with Captain Ross' battery and Lieutenant Maddox, with his gun, were assigned to General Wright's brigade and ordered on the Charles City road. The whole command was delayed in moving in this direction by a dispatch from General Magruder asking for assistance in the enemy's rear, and at night-fall we had only moved a few miles on the Charles City road.

On the afternoon of the 30th General Huger's advance came up to the enemy, and about 3 o'clock I was ordered forward with my batteries. This point was some 2 miles north of the battle-field of the same day where Generals Longstreet and Hill engaged the enemy. My batteries promptly on the ground but were not ordered into the artillery duel then going on. This position was held during the night, and on July 1, the enemy having disappeared and the way clear, we moved upon the battle-field of Monday. My now small command (seven guns) was assigned a place near the battle-field of Tuesday, the 1st instant, and, although I am sure that more artillery could have been used with advantage in this engagement and also that my command could have done good service yet I received no order, and therefore I have not had the honor to participate in any of the many engagements for the protection of our capital.

The position assigned me was held until Monday, the 7th instant,

