
when, by General Huger's order, I returned to my camp at this place, all of my other batteries having previously returned.

It is proper to mention that Captain C. P. Crawford volunteered to take charge of one of Captain Price's guns, as his own battery was not ready for the field. This he did, and remained with it until the company was ordered back to camp.

The offices and men of the several companies deserve much credit for their great promptness and their anxiety to share the danger and honor with those noble commands who fought on every field.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. CUTTS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding First Battalion, Reserve Corps.

General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON.

No. 224. Report of Captain John Lane,

Company E, Sumter Artillery, of operations June 26 - July 3, including the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, and battle of Savage Station.

CAMP NEAR OAKWOOD CEMETERY, July 12, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with your order to report the part my company took in the recent engagements before Richmond from June 26 to the present date I submit the following:

On June 25 the remainder of my company (two sections) was ordered to join one section which had been on picket duty at Mrs. Price's house for twelve days, being engaged with the enemy from behind our earthworks more or less every day in artillery duels across the Chickahominy, in one of which I lost 1 man killed on the 26th.

On the 27th I was ordered to engage a battery of the enemy near the house of Dr. Garnett. I took position in the open field in front of the enemy's battery, which was protected by formidable earthworks. In an engagement of an hour I lost 2 man killed and 4 wounded, and withdrew from the field when ordered by Colonel Lee. In the evening of the same day I was ordered to attack the enemy a second time, taking position farther to our right, where I was under a heavy fire from three of the enemy's batteries, as well as their sharpshooters, and retired from the field ordered by Colonel Lee with a loss of 1 man wounded and a horse killed.

On the 28th I was ordered, with a section of my battery, to take position near the Chickahominy on the New Bridge road, and open on the enemy near Mr. Golding's house, which I did, assisted by a section of Captain Woolfok's battery and one piece of Captain [W. J.] Dabney's battery, and succeeded in routing the enemy from his position in the greatest confusion.

On the 29th I was ordered to report to General Cobb as reserve artillery for his brigade, which I joined and went with until noon, when I was ordered to the front at the earthworks of the enemy on the north side of the York River Railroad, where I exchanged a few shots with the enemy, who being still in retreat, I followed on with the brigade to the bridge across the York River Railroad, where I was put into

