
position to resist a threatened advance of the enemy at that point and was under the enemy's fire during the engagement, which lasted until dark, I maintaining our position during the night.

On the 30th I was engaged during the day in moving to a position on the Charles City road.

On July 1 took a position assigned me on the field. Just before the engagement commenced my section of Parrott guns were ordered to the front, but a short time after the engagement commenced were ordered back to a position farther in the rear, being still under the enemy's fire, where I remained during the engagement, my only loss being 1 man wounded.

On the 2nd I maintained the position of the previous day until it was ascertained the enemy had fled.

On the 3rd I returned to camp near Richmond, by order of General Lee, where I have remained ever since.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LANE,

Captain Company E, Sumter Artillery Battalion.

Colonel A. S. CUTTS,

Commanding Sumter Artillery Battalion.

No. 225. Report of Colonel J. Thompson Brown,

First Virginia Artillery, of operations June 27 - July 2.

CAMP AT RANDOLPH'S FARM, VA., July 14, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your order of July 11 I herewith forward to you a report of the operations of my command from Thursday, June 26, to the present time:

My command with the exception of the batteries, of which a more detailed account will be subsequently given, after having been in camp in its present position for some days, was moved on Friday, June 27, to a point near Mrs. Price's farm, in order to be in readiness for action.

On Saturday, 28th, it was moved back to its present position.

On Sunday, June 29, it was moved to a point on the Darbytown road about 1 1/2 miles above its junction with the New Market road, where it remained without being called for until Thursday, July 3, when, in obedience of orders from General Pendleton, it returned to its old camp at Randolph's farm, where it now awaits orders.

The batteries which during this period were separated from the command are the following: Third Howitzers, Captain Benjamin H. Smith, jr.; Richmond Fayette Artillery, Lieutenant [William I.] Clopton commanding, and Williamsburg Artillery, Captain [John A.] Coke. The first of these (Third Howitzers, Captain B. H. Smith) having been ordered to join Featherston's brigade, General Longstreet's division, reached Mechanicsville at 10 p.m. on Thursday, June 26.

On Friday, 27th, it was engaged with good effect at Catlin's house, one section being in the orchard and the other to the right of the house. They continued their fire until the enemy left the field.

In the evening of the same day it was again engaged at Gaines' farm, the three howitzers being stationed on the brow of the hill, near the barn,

