
whence they shelled the enemy's position in the woods. The Parrott piece on the right of the barn engaged one of the enemy's batteries on the south side of the Chickahominy, thus drawing a raking fire away from our infantry while charging the enemy's position. The Parrott gun continued to fire until the enemy's battery became silent, but I myself, being accidently present, withdrew the howitzers early in the evening. They were inefficient against the battery because of their short range, and they could no longer shell the enemy's infantry without endangering our own troops.

This battery was subsequently engaged on this side of the Chickahominy in the battle of Monday, 30th, near Enroughty's house. It fired but a few rounds, still it was much exposed to the fire of artillery and infantry.

The battery was not engaged on Tuesday, and has now rejoined its regiment.

The only loss sustained was 1 man wounded on Monday, 30th, and 2 horses shot on Friday, 27th.

The conduct of the men in the entire series of fights commanded the approval of their captain. I myself saw them acting well on the evening of Friday, June 27.

The Richmond Fayette Artillery and the Williamsburg Artillery, under Lieutenant-Colonel [Lewis M.] Coleman, reported, by order of General Pendleton, to General Lee, at Mechanicsville, on the evening of Friday, June 27. They followed the advancing army to headquarters of Generals Lee and Longstreet, at Hogan's house, and were kept in reserve during the battle of Friday evening.

On Saturday Colonel Coleman reported to General A. P. Hill, and in the absence of Major R. L. Walker, sick in Richmond, acted as chief of artillery until Wednesday, July 2, when he rejoined his regiment. The two batteries under his command from this regiment accompanies General Hill in his passage to the south side of the Chickahominy and to the vicinity of the battle-field of Monday. The Fayette Artillery was attached to Branch's brigade and the Williamsburg Artillery held in reserve. The Fayette Artillery was placed in position both on Monday and Tuesday evening and exposed to a sharp artillery fire on both occasions, but was not allowed to fire. The Williamsburg Artillery returned to its regiment on Tuesday, July 1.

The men of the Fayette Artillery, as well as the offices, exhibited sufficient coolness and alacrity under fire. They Williamsburg Artillery, being in reserve, had no opportunity to do anything amid the great superabundance of artillery and the scanty use that was made of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOMPSON BROWN,

Colonel First Regiment Virginia Artillery.

Brigadier General WILLIAM N. PENDLETON.

