
No. 227. Report of Major General Thomas J. Jackson,

C. S. Army, commanding Second Corps, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 20, 1863.

MAJOR: I forward herewith my official report of the part taken by my command in the battle of Cold Harbor and other engagements in which it participated in front of Richmond last summer.

I am, major, your obedient servant,T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

Major WALTER H. TAYLOR,

A. A. G., Headquarters Army of Northern Virginia.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to submit to you a report of the operations of my corps in the battle of Cold Harbor and other engagements before Richmond.

On June 17 last, leaving the cavalry and Chew's battery under Brigadier-General Robertson near Harrisonburg; Whiting's division, then near Staunton, and Ewell's and Jackson's, near Weyer's Cave, Augusta County, Virginia, moved toward Richmond. Lawton's brigade, subsequently of Jackson's division, being part at Staunton and part near Weyer's Cave, moved with the troops nearest their positions. Subsequently Colonel Munford, with his cavalry, marched in the same direction.

On June 25 we reached the vicinity of Ashland, on the Richmond Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad, about 12 miles from Richmond.

The division of Brigadier-General Whiting embraced the Texas Brigade, General Hood, and the Third Brigade, Colonel Law commanding, with the batteries of Reilly and Balthis.

The division of Major-General Ewell-the Fourth Brigade, General A. Elzey; the Seventh Brigade, General Trimble; the Eighth Brigade, Colonel I. G. Seymour, and the Maryland Line, Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, with the batteries of Brockenbrough, Carrington, and Courtney.

Jackson's division-the First Brigade, General Charles S. Winder; the Second Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Cunningham commanding; the Third Brigade, Colonel S. V. Fulkerson commanding, and the Fourth Brigade, General A. R. Lawton, with the batteries of Poague, Carpenter, and Wooding.

On the morning of the 26th, in pursuance of instructions from the commanding general, I took up the line of march for Cold Harbor, Whiting's division in front.

Pursuing the Ashcake road, we crossed the Central Railroad about 10 a.m. Approaching the Totopotomoy Creek, the Federal picket crossed to the south side of the stream and partially destroyed the bridge, and by felling trees across the road farther on attempted to delay our advance. After the Texas skirmishers had gallantly crossed over and Reilly shelled the woods for the purpose of driving the enemy from it, in order that we might safely effect a lodgment beyond the

