
Lawton, after aiding in clearing the front, wheeled a part of his brigade to the right, attacked the enemy in flank, and opened the way for the remainder of Trimble's brigade, which advanced to the field beyond the woods. General Ewell's troops, having now exhausted their own ammunition and in many cases such as they could gather from the dead and wounded and having been engaged for more than four hours, the most of them withdrew from the field about dusk.

The four brigades of Jackson's division did not act together during the engagement, but were called to separate fields of service. In pursuance of the other to charge the enemy's front, the First Virginia Brigade, commanded by General C. S. Winder, moved forward through the swamp, and upon emerging into the open field its ranks, broken by the obstacles encountered, were reformed. Meeting at that point with the Hampton Legion, First Maryland, Twelfth Alabama, Fifty-second Virginia, and Thirty-eighth Georgia, they were formed upon his line. Thus formed, they moved forward under the lead of that gallant officer, whose conduct here was marked by the coolness and courage which distinguished him on the battle-fields of the valley. The enemy met this advance with spirit and firmness. His well-directed artillery and heavy musketry played with destructive effect upon our advancing line. Nothing daunted by the fall of officers and men, thinning their ranks at every step, these brave men moved steadily forward, driving the enemy from point to point, until he was finally driven from his last position, some 300 yards beyond McGehee's house, when night prevented further pursuit.

In the charge near McGehee's house, Colonel [J. W.] Allen, of the Second Virginia Infantry, fell at the head of his regiment. Five guns, numerous small-arms, and many prisoners were among the fruits of this rapid and resistless advance. General Reynolds and an officer of his staff, who lingered on this side of the river after the Federal troops had crossed over, ere among the number of prisoners.

The Second Brigade, by request of General Wilcox, was removed to a point off woods about half a mile from the river. When it reached there the enemy had already been repulsed at that point by a flank movement of brig. General Rr. H. Anderson.

The Third Brigade was sent to support General Whiting's attack upon the enemy's left, but reached there only in time to witness the evidences of a bloody triumph and the guns of the enemy in possession of the gallant Texas Brigade. Colonel S. V. Fulkerson, commanding the brigade, fell mortally wounded shortly after his arrival on the spot. General Lawton, of the Fourth Brigade, after rendering timely and important support, before described, to General Ewell's command, pressed to the brow of the hill, driving the enemy before him, and co-operating in that general charge late in the evening that closed the labors of the day.

On my extreme right General Whiting advanced his division through the same dense forest and swamp, emerging from the wood into the field near the public road and at the head of the deep ravine which covered the enemy's left. Advancing thence through a number of retreating and disordered regiments he came within range of the enemy's fire, who, concealed in an open wood and protected by breastworks, poured a destructive fire for a quarter of a mile into his advancing line, under which many brave officers and men fell. Dashing on with unfaltering step in the face of those murderous discharges of canister and musketry General Hood and Colonel Law, at the heads of their respective brigades, rushed to the charge with a yell. Moving

