
He accordingly sent to me for re-enforcements. I ordered that portion of General Ewell's division held in reserve and Jacksons' division to his relief; but from the darkness of the night, and the obstructions caused by the swamp and undergrowth, through which they had to march, none reached him in time to afford him the desired support.

General Hill, after suffering a heavy loss and inflicting a severe one upon the enemy, withdrew from the open field. In the mean time the re-enforcements ordered-after struggling with the difficulties of their route, and exposed to the shelling of the enemy, which was continued until about 10 p.m.-came up too late to participate in the engagement that evening.

On my left General Whiting moved his division, as directed, to a field on the Poindexter farm. Batteries were ordered up. The position of the enemy, as already shown, naturally commanding, was materially strengthened by the judicious distribution of his artillery. The first battery placed in position, finding itself exposed to the superior cross-fire of the enemy, was compelled to retire with loss. Balthis', Poague's, and Carpenter's batteries held their positions and fought well. The position occupied by the artillery rendering infantry support necessary, Whiting formed his line accordingly and, supported by Trimble's brigade on his left and by the Third Brigade of Jackson's division as a reserve, was directed to remain there until further orders. Some of these batteries were well served, and effectually drove back at one time an advance of the enemy upon my center.

Toward night Whiting received orders to send General Trimble's brigade to the support of General D. H. Hill, on the right, which order was promptly executed, but the brigade did not reach its destination until after Hill had withdrawn his division to the woods.

Our troops slept in front of the Federal Army during the night, expecting a renewal of the action; but early the next morning the enemy had withdrawn from the field, abandoning his dead and leaving behind some artillery and a number of small-arms.

I herewith forward to you official reports of the casualties of this corps, from which it will be seen, as far as I have been able to ascertain, that in the battle of Cold Harbor, on June 27, there were 589 killed, 2,671 wounded, and 24 missing; and in the engagement at Malvern Hill, on July 1,377 killed, 1,746 wounded, and 39 missing.

I regret that I have not before me the data by which to ascertain with absolute precision the losses sustained, respectively, at Cold Harbor and Malvern Hill, or of distinguishing throughout the entire corps the number of officers killed and wounded from the enlisted men. But Brigadier-Generals Garland and Anderson, both since killed, having omitted in their reports to state the separate losses of their brigades in those two actions, and Brigadier-Generals Rodes, Colquitt, and Ripley having omitted to classify their losses as between officers and men, I have, so far as it relates to the two first=named brigades, apportioned the aggregate of the reported losses between Cold Harbor and Malvern Hill according to a probable estimate of the fact, and omitted any statements of the loss of officers as distinguished from men in that division. In the three remaining divisions-Ewell's, Whiting's, and Jackson's =the returns show a loss at Cold Harbor of 30 officers killed and 99 wounded; of enlisted men, 305 killed and 1,420 wounded; and at Malvern Hill, 3 officers killed and 19 wounded; of enlisted men, 305 killed and 1,420 wounded; and at Malvern Hill, 3 officers killed and 19 wounded; of enlisted men, 38 killed and 354 wounded. The principal loss sustained by my command at Malvern Hill fell upon the division of Major General D. H. Hill.

On July 2, by order of the commanding general, my corps, with the

