
but only remember the names of two or three. I may, however, mention Major S. F. Pierson, Major General D. H. Hill's chief of artillery, as having rendered himself exceedingly efficient and exhibited great coolness.

From sickness I was not present at the battle of Malvern Hill, which took place the next day, and none of our artillery was engaged subsequent to that while near Westover.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Second Corps.

No. 229. Reports of Brigadier General William H. C. Whiting,

C. S. Army, commanding First Division [temporarily attached to Jackon's corps], of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIRST CORPS, July-, 1862.

COLONEL: The following is a report of the operations of this division in the battle of Gaines' farm, 27th ultimo:

On the morning of the 26th ultimo, at 3 a.m., the division, consisting of the Texas Brigade, Brigadier-General Hood, the Third Brigade, Colonel Law, with Reilly's and Balthis' batteries, marched from Ashland as the advance of Major-General Jackson's corps, which it had temporarily re-enforced. After passing the advanced line of vedettes the march was conducted cautiously by the Ashcake road, the Texans leading, with skirmishers deployed. At 10 a.m. crossed the Central Railroad, driving the enemy's cavalry scouts. Discovered an advanced post of cavalry west of the Totopotomoy, which fled on our approach. At 3 o'clock reached the creek, found the bridge in flames, and a party of the enemy engaged in blocking the road on the opposite side. The Texan skirmishers gallantly crossed and engaged. Reilly's battery, being brought up, with a few rounds dispersed the enemy; the bridge was rebuilt and the troops crossed, continuing on the road to Pole Green Church, or Hundley's Corner. Here we united with Ewell's division, and, night coming on, bivouacked. A furious cannonade in the direction of Mechanicsville indicated a severe battle.

Early the next morning the troops moved, Ewell in the lead. Prisoners were taken in great numbers as we advanced. Heavy musketry and cannonading being heard on our right, Major Whiting, of the staff, taking a battery, posted it so as to shell the enemy's rear on Beaver Dam, upon which they retired, leaving the route clear for all the columns. We crossed the river without opposition. At 12 m., having made a circuit and headed Beaver Dam, the column of Major General D. H. Hill appeared on the road leading to Cold Harbor, to which we had been directed, and passed us. Between 1 and 2 p.m. cannonading commenced in the direction of Cold Harbor. The march continued slowly, interrupted by frequent halts, until near 3 o'clock, when an aide of General Jackson directed me to form line of battle to my right

