
part of the plateau, the enemy being there, as indeed they appeared everywhere, in superior numbers. In the mean time my division steadily continued to advance, though suffering terribly, until night found them completely across the plateau and beyond the battle-field. Pickett's brigade had ably fought on the right; the general himself was wounded in the charge. The troops on my immediate left I do not know, and am glad I do not. Those that did come out were much broken, and no entreaty or command could induce them forward, and I have reason to believe that the greater part never left the cover of the wood on the west side of the ravine.

The battle was very safer, hotly contested, and gallantly won. I take pleasure in calling special attention to the Fourth Texas Regiment, which, led by Brigadier-General Hood, was the first to break the enemy's line and enter his works. Its brave old colonel [Marshall] fell early in the charge n the hither side of the ravine. The stubborn resistance maintained all day faltered from that moment, and the day was gained. Of the other regiments of the division it would be invidious and unjust to name one before another. They were equally distinguished, and as they became engaged went on in that murderous fire with unfaltering determination. Toward the close of the fire I detached the Second Mississippi and Reilly's battery to the extreme right to open fire on the retreating masses of the enemy, endeavoring to make their way by the edge of the swamp. When the action closed my line was in advance of the guns they captured [fourteen in number], closing to the left on General Lawton's troops, of Jackson's army, and covered on the right by General R. H. Anderson.

Of my staff I cannot speak too highly. The chief, Major J. H. Hill, fell painfully wounded while leading the charge. The chivalrous Major Austin E. Smith, aide-de-camp, received a mortal wound in the same onset. Colonel Upton, Captains Frobel and Tansill were among the foremost in the fray. Here also, as in many previous battles, Captain Vanderhorst, of South Carolina, gave a notable example. Major Randolph, by special order, remained with the ammunition. Though not on my staff, I should not do right were I not to mention here the chivalrous daring of young Major Haskell, of South Carolina, belonging, as I am told, to the staff of General D. R. Jones. His personal bearing in a most deadly fire, his example and directions, contributed not a little to the enthusiasm of the charge of the Third. I regret to say that the brave young officer received a terrible wound from a shell, but walked from the field as heroically as he had gone into the fire.

I take great pleasure in mentioning the distinguished bravery of Privates Fairley, Westmoreland, and Sharp, troopers of the Legion, who acted as officers, and displayed great coolness and courage. Conspicuous were Brigadier-General Hood and Colonel Law, commanding brigades.

Of the regimental commanders too much cannot be said. Colonel [A. T.] Rainey, First Texas, though seriously ill, joined his command on the field and fell severely wounded. Colonel John Marshall, Fourth Texas, was shot dead, and the lieutenant-colonel [Warwick] mortally wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Robertson, of the Fifth, was wounded. Lieutenant Colonel S. Z. Ruff, of the Eighteenth Georgia, led his regiment and fortunately escaped unhurt. The Legion, though not so much exposed, was ably handled by Lieutenant-Colonel Gary. In the Third, Lieutenant Colonel O. K. McLemore, Fourth Alabama, received a painful wound early in action, the command devolving on Captain L. H. Scruggs, who conducted the regiment through. Colonel Liddell led his distinguished regiment to the

