
of batteries who reported to me during the day or designation of their artillery. Captain Balthis behaved with great skill and gallantry and was wounded. All fought with great spirit, but labored under much disadvantage from want of ammunition, both as to kind and quantity.

Wednesday morning, the 2nd, a very heavy rain set in; the troops remained in bivouac, cooking. Thursday Major-General Jackson's corps marched to take the road to Westover, but missed it, and bivouacked near Willis' Church. Thursday continued the march, arriving about 2 p.m. at Herring Creek, where the enemy's outposts were discovered intrenched. No further active operations occurred in which this division took any part.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 230. Report of Brigadier General John B. Hood,

C. S. Army, commanding First [Texas] Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE, July 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part enacted in the engagement of the 27th ultimo near Gaines' Mill by this brigade:

Arriving on the field between 4 and 5 p.m., I was informed by Colonel J. M. Jones, of General Ewell's staff, that his troops were hard pressed and required assistance. Line of battle was formed at once with the Hampton Legion, Lieutenant Colonel M. W. Gary commanding, on the left, with orders to gain the crest of the hill in the woods an hold it, which they did, the Fifth Texas, Colonel J. B. Robertson commanding, engaging the enemy on the right of the Legion, and the First Texas, Colonel A. T. Rainey commanding, on the right of the Fifth Texas. The brigade move gallantly forward, soon becoming engaged from left to right. The battle raged with great fury all along he line as these noble troops pressed steadily on, forcing the enemy to gradually give way.

Directing in person the Fourth Texas Regiment, Colonel John Marshall commanding, on the right of my line, they were the first troops to pierce the strong line of breastworks occupied by the enemy, which caused great confusion in their ranks. Here the Eighteenth Georgia, Lieutenant Colonel S. Z. Ruff commanding, came to the support of the Fourth Texas, and these regiments pressed on over a hotly contested field, inclining from right to left, with the Fifth Texas on their left, taking a large number of prisoners and capturing fourteen pieces of artillery, when night came on and farther pursuit of the enemy ceased. The guns were captured by the Fourth Texas and Eighteenth Georgia and a regiment was taken prisoners by the Fifth Texas Regiment.

In this engagement I regret to report the loss of many gallant officers and men. Among those who fell, either killed or mortally wounded,

