
were Colonel John Marshall, Lieutenant Colonel B. Warwick, Capts. E. D. Ryan, J. W. Hutcheson, P. P. Porter, and T. M. Owens, acting commissary of subsistence, and Lieuts. R. J. Lambert, C. Reich, D. L. Butts, L. P. Lyons, and T. H. Hollamon, of the Fourth Texas; Lieuts. J. E. Clute and W. G. Wallace, of the Fifth Texas; Captain B. F. Benton, First Texas; Lieuts. L. A. McCulloch, T. J. Cohn, and Thomas Dowtin, of the Eighteenth Georgia; also Major Key, of the Fourth Texas; Colonels Rainey, of the First Texas, and Robertson, of the Fifth Texas, received severe wounds while nobly discharging their duties.

All the field officers of the Fourth Texas being killed or wounded, the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain [now Major] W. P. Townsend, who led it most gallantly. There are many other officers and men distinguished for their noble deeds on that day, for which I will have to refer you to reports in detail of regimental commanders.

During the engagement most efficient service was rendered me, in gallantly leading forward troops and transmitting orders, by Captain W. H. Sellers, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. T. Hunter, of the Fourth Texas, aide-de-camp; Colonel J. H. Murray and General T. J. Chambers, of Texas, and Major B. H. Balanton, of Kentucky, volunteer aides-de-camp; Lieutenant D. L. Sublett, aide-de-camp, being ordered to remain with the ordnance train. I also take great pleasure in acknowledging the distinguished services rendered me by Lieutenant James Hamilton, of General Taylor's staff.

As to the conduct of the officers and men, one and all, too much cannot, or ever will, be said in their praise.

The following is a recapitulation of casualties, the detailed list accompanying report:

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

Hampton's Legion	 2	 18	 -

18th Georgia	 16	 126	 2

Regiment

1st Texas Regiment	 14	 64	 -

4th Texas Regiment	 44	 207	 1

5th Texas Regiment	 13	 62	 -

Total	 89	 477	 4

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Texas Brigade.

Major J. H. HILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 231. Report of Brigadier General Charles S. Winder,

C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Second Division [Jackson's], of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, VALLEY DISTRICT, July 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade from June 27 to July 1 inclusive:

The brigade left bivouac near Totopotomoy Creek at about 5 a.m.,

