
My loss here was 3 men wounded, 1 missing, and 4 horses disabled. Here we expended nearly 1,600 rounds of ammunition.

I was ordered at 11 a.m. to report to General Naglee with my command, and moved with his column en route for James River, reaching a point at 3 a.m. July 1, 1862, some 2 miles from the river, where I took position again in battery by the directions of the general, where it remained until July 2, at 7 a.m., when it moved to this place and joined its division.

It gives me great pleasure to state that the officers,

non-commissioned officers, and men under my command behaved with great spirit and gallantry. The fatigue was excessive and long, but was borne with great patience; in fact, the conduct of all was all that could be desired.

Hoping that this may meet with you approval, I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

R. D. PETTIT,

Captain Commanding, Battery B, First New York Artillery.

[ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Richardson's Division.]

No. 13. Report of Lieutenant Rufus King,jr.,

Batteries A and C, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battle of Sawage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING, VA., July 6, 1862.

SIR: The battery took position on the brow of a hill commanding the woods and the approaches to the right of Mr. Allen's house. The general commanding, considering four guns sufficient to hold the position and cover the retreat of the army, ordered half the battery and all the caissons to retire to the rear, under my command. About half an hour after the half battery under my command had retired the enemy opened a hot fire of musketry from the edge of the woods and field in front of the ravine. The battery replied with spherical case, shell, and canister, expending 100 rounds. The enemy brought artillery to bear shortly after musketry opened, playing upon the battery with accuracy, their shells bursting directly in front of the pieces. The fire was kept up by the half battery, under Captain Hazzard,until all the ammunition was expended. Two caissons were sent to replenish the half battery, but did not arrive until after it had been relieved. The enemy having ceased firing the half battery retired to Savage Station, where the half battery under my command had previously taken position. The two half batteries were then joined.

About 4.30 p.m. the enemy commenced shelling us with great rapidly and accuracy. A section of the enemy's guns command a fine view of our battery. The sun shining on the brass pieces made an excellent target for their artillery. The enemy continued firing with their artillery until our infantry advanced. Then Captain Hazzard's half battery was ordered to take position a little farther on the right, where it immediately opened on the enemy, but finding that the enemy were hidden by a thick wood, discontinued firing, after having expended 20 rounds. At the close of the engagement Captain Hazzard's half battery

