
Their coolness, bravery, and discretion entitle them to my warmest gratitude, as also those serving under me a portion of the time, especially that gallant soldier and gentleman Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, with his small band of veterans, ever ready to advance on the enemy and aid our cause. Colonel Baylor and his regiment were subjected to a heavy fire of artillery and infantry, but the held the regiment well in hand, moving up in gallant style. Though he lost heavily, he held the extreme left, and delivered to me two Parrott guns, a part of the fruits of his victory. Upon Lieutenant Colonel L. Botts devolved the command of the Second Regiment after the fall of Colonel Allen, and this command he exercised with coolness and bravery, reflecting much credit upon himself and regiment. The other regiments were led up by their respective commanders in fine order, though their position did not place them under such heavy fire.

My thanks are eminently due to my staff, Captain O'Brien, Lieutenants Howard and Garnett, for the promptness with which they transmitted my orders and the assistance rendered me during the evening, exposed to a heavy fire frequently and at great risk. Also to Mr. Samuel D. Mitchell, of Richmond, a volunteer aide, who was ever ready and prompt to transmit my orders to any point regardless of his own life. He fell mortally wounded while with the Second Regiment in advance and expired in a few moments-one of the many instances of the self-sacrificing spirit of our young men.

Two revolving guns, one Napoleon gun, and many small-arms and stores were collected by Lieutenant Garnett, ordnance officer of the brigade, on the morning of the 28th, and sent to the rear.

Shortly after daylight on this morning the pickets were advanced to a wood in front and many prisoners brought in, among the number Brigadier General John F. Reynolds and Captain Kingsbury, of his staff. The brigade remained in position during the day.

On the 29th it was ordered to take the advance and move to the Chickahominy River, which it did. The bridge being incomplete, shortly before sunset it was ordered to its former bivouac.

On the 29th it was ordered to take the advance and move to the Chickahominy River, which it did. The bridge being incomplete, shortly before sunset it was ordered to its former bivouac.

On the morning of the 30th it took up the march at 2.30 o'clock, following the troops in advance of it. At night it bivouacked near White Oak Swamp.

Took up the march at 5 a.m. on July 1, following troops in front. Hearing from General Whiting artillery was needed in front, I ordered Captains Carpenter and Poague to report to Brigadier-General Whiting with their batteries. For an account of their operations I respectfully refer to their reports. The brigade was halted near a church in the wood and held in reserve. Being within range of the enemy's shell, it was twice removed to the rear; but, unfortunately, the first shot indicating the necessity of a move killed that promising and gallant officer Captain Fletcher, Fifth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, and the next, causing a second move, killed 1 man and wounded 3 of same regiment. Between 6 and 7 p.m. I was ordered to the front with my command. On reporting to General Jackson, I was ordered to file to the right through the woods and report to Major General D. H. Hill. I obeyed the first part of the order. I had not gone far when I found the brigade under the fire of a battery. It moved steadily on under a heavy fire. I dispatched a staff officer to a house near by to see if I could hear of General Hill's locality. I could learn nothing, and hearing a heavy fire to my left, I moved directly for it. To gain that point the command was exposed to a terrific fire, and in consequence of the darkness of the hour and much wood and swamp the brigade

