
became greatly separated. Finding myself with a portion of the Thirty, third Regiment, Colonel Neff, and a portion of the Fourth Regiment-I moved to the assistance of our troops through the swamp sending Captain O'Brien to find the other regiments and bring them up. On emerging from the swamp I found a handful of gallant men of the First and Third North Carolina Regiments receiving a most terrific fire. I immediately placed the Thirty-third and Fourth Regiments in position, and with about 100 men held this hill against the enemy, who gave us the most terrific fire I have ever seen. There was a continuous stream of shot, shell, and balls for some two hours, when the enemy's fire slackened, and ceased about 10 p.m.

During this time the officers and men behaved with true courage. Our loss was heavy.

Colonel Neff and Major F. W. M. Holliday, Thirty-third Regiment, and Lieutenants Howard and Garnett, of my staff, particularly attracted my admiration by their coolness and untiring efforts to keep the men in their position. Their escape from injury is truly providential.

About 9 p.m., while trying to find remnants of my brigade-for some few men had found out my position and joined-I met a portion of the Thirteenth Georgia Regiment and ordered it to this position. In a short time parts of my regiments came up, all having been subjected to a heavy fire while moving up, but in consequence of the thick wood and darkness could not find their proper positions. For details of their operations I refer to their several reports.

Here the fearless and gallant Colonel A. J. Grigsby, Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Volunteers, was wounded-slightly, I am glad to say-but obliged to leave the field. Captain O'Brien, of my staff, was injured by a fall from his horse, and not with me after reaching the field.

Hearing of troops near by not engaged I immediately sent for them, and was soon re-enforced by a portion of General Lawton's brigade, General J. R. Jones' brigade, under Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, and a part of the Louisiana Brigade, and that gallant band of Marylanders under the brave Colonel B. T. Johnson. Colonel Johnson, hearing I needed assistance, came forward to tender his regiment, which I gladly accepted, and gave him the advance, directing him to extend our line some half a mile to the right, placing my picket on and near the flank of the enemy. This duty he executed rapidly and with good judgment, holding this position until after the enemy had retired the following day. Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham's brigade I placed on Johnson's left and the balance of Lawton's brigade between Cunningham's and my original position, securing my entire front and flank, sleeping on the field so hotly contested against heavy odds.

After these dispositions General Lawton arrived, and I rode in to report to Generals Hill and Jackson my position. This effected, I returned to the field before dawn and made the requisite dispositions to repulse any attack; but at daylight we found the enemy had evacuated his position during the night, taking off his guns, but leaving his dead, small-arms, and other indications of a defeat and hasty retreat, which was an agreeable surprise, for I had learned, through prisoners captured about daylight, his force the day previous had been vastly superior to ours.

Shortly after 6 a.m. on the 2nd instant I was ordered to bivouac some 2 miles from the front.

The casualties are as follows:

