
 Killed	 Wounded	 Total

June 27:	 5	 12	 17

Commissioned

officers

Rank and file	 10	 52	 62

July 1:	 1	 3	 4

Commissioned

officers

Rank and file	 16	 104	 120

Total killed and	 32	 171	 203

wounded in both

battles

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. WINDER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Valley District.

No. 232. Report of Captain William T. Poague,

Rockbridge [Va.] Artillery, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP OF FIRST BRIGADE, VALLEY DISTRICT, July 7, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the evening of June 27, when the brigade started for the battle-field, my battery was ordered to halt and await orders. Next day I received orders to join the brigade, which I did, remaining with it until July 1, but taking no part in any of the engagements up to that date.

About 10 o'clock on the morning of July 1, while following the brigade on the march near Frazier's farm, I received an order from Major-General Jackson to hurry on to the front and report to Major-General Whiting. Not being able to find the latter-officer, by direction of General Jackson I took position in a wheat field on the left of Balthis' battery [Staunton Artillery], which had just preceded us. My guns were posted behind the crest of a ridge, by which they were to some extent protected from the enemy's fire.

Shortly after opening fire the impression got out by some means that all the batteries were ordered to leave the field. Not being able to trace it to an authoritative source, I ordered my pieces to continue firing. One or two batteries in the mean time left the field. Captain Balthis soon exhausted his ammunition, and shortly afterward left the field. By this time Lieutenant Carpenter had gotten two pieces in position and opened fire.

The fire of the enemy's batteries was most terrific, and in thee main very accurate. That the loss on our side was not much heavier is owing to the protection afforded by our position.

The detachment of the 6-pounder was now so much reduced as not to be able to work the gun; it was sent off the field, and the remainder of the detachment distributed among the other pieces. Finding that the contest was a very unequal one, having the fire of several batteries concentrated upon five guns on our side, my pieces were ordered to cease firing. The gun of Lieutenant Carpenter, next to us, also ceased

