
at my suggestion. My object was to induce the enemy to hold up until we could get other batteries to our assistance. Two more batteries were then brought into position. Our guns again opened, under direction of Major Whiting, but elicited only a feeble response from the enemy. After a few rounds our batteries ceased firing.

Soon thereafter I was ordered to report with my battery to Major-General Hill, but was not called on to go into action again. About 5 o'clock I obtained permission to go to the rear for ammunition.

The following are the casualties which occurred during this artillery engagement: Killed-privates, 2. Wounded-non-commissioned officers,1; privates,9.* One horse was killed and several disabled. With three or four exceptions the conduct of the men and officers was in the highest degree creditable.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. T. POAGUE.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Valley District.

No. 233. Report of Lieutenant John C. Carpenter,

Alleghany [Va.] Artillery, of the battle of Poindexter's Farm [Malvern Hill].

-, July-, 1862.

The following is most respectfully submitted as a report of the movements of Carpenter's battery from June 27 to July 1, inclusive:

On the morning of the 27th the battery moved with the brigade until we reached Gaines' farm, when we were halted to wait further orders, which where received next morning-to join the brigade-near the crossing of the Chickahominy, where we remained until the morning of the 30th, when we moved with the brigade, encamping at White Oak Swamp, moving next morning early with the brigade some 3 miles, ordered us to take position in the field near Poindexter's residence. Some three batteries being in advance, all took immediate positions. Sending Lieutenant McKendree back to report the fact, halted the battery, and started to look out a position, when I met a battery coming off, and directly another. Learning from them there was no suitable place in that direction, returned, and found my battery gone with the others. Overtaking them as soon as possible, immediately ordered them back, in the mean time inquiring by whose orders they left. They could not tell me who he was; said he rode up and told them to move back in the woods.

General Whiting hurried us back, and we took position on the right of Captain W. T. Poague under the most severe fire I think I ever experienced, where we were engaged for about an hour and a half, when we were ordered to cease firing and wait further orders, having lost 1 man killed and 5 wounded.

Commenced firing again about 2.30 o'clock, continuing until about 5 o'clock. Our ammunition being nearly exhausted, was ordered to the rear, losing 1 man killed, 2 wheels broken, and 2 horses wounded.

Am very much indebted to Lieutenants [George] McKendree and [W. T.] Lambie for services rendered me during the engagement. Corporals

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

