
Reid and Montague deserve especial notice for the coolness and precision with which they pointed their pieces, as does Private James M. Hammond, acting gunner, and many others, for personal courage and coolness.

Respectfully submitted.

J. C. CARPENTER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Carpenter's Battery.

No. 234. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lawson Botts,

Second Virginia, Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS, July 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I have the honor to report that at an early hour on the morning of June 27, from camp near Totopotomoy Creek, the Second Regiment, under Colonel Allen, was put on the march and moved all day toward the enemy.

About 5 o'clock, the fire of musketry being exceedingly heavy, the regiment moved rapidly forward and was drawn up in line of battle immediately in rear of Ball's old tavern, exposed to the shells of the enemy.

In a few minutes the regiment and the Fifth Virginia, under Colonel Baylor, were ordered a short distance to the front to support the Purcell Battery, and while in this position Captain Burgess, of Company F, Second Regiment, was wounded.

Soon these regiments were moved to the left, and the whole brigade, by command of General Winder, was drawn up in line of battle, and ordered to charge a battery whose shells had for some time been sweeping the field around us. The Second Regiment responded promptly to the call. The charge was made through a wood of thick undergrowth, over a marsh, and the men became separated. Forming the line again the men pressed steadily forward, leaving behind in an open field whole regiments which had been previously sent forward.

About 7 o'clock the regiment, numbering about 80 men, reached a hill near McGehee's house, and found the fire from the enemy's batteries and their supports terrible.

Here Colonel Allen and Lieutenant Keeler, of Company C, fell. Here Major Jones, Captain Colston, and Lieutenant Kinsey were wounded. Here several of the men were killed or wounded.

The regiment being in advance, or at least separated from the brigade, few in numbers, did not advance, but gallantly held its position. General Winder soon coming up, and seeing the position, gave orders to maintain the hill while he brought up re-enforcements, which could be seen in our rear. Hurrying these up, the line of battle was again formed and the order to charge was given by General Winder. As before, the regiment gallantly answered. Our troops rushed forward, the enemy fell back in retreat, and late in the evening the enemy had fled, leaving us in possession of the field, upon which we remained all night.

I cannot close the report of this day without bearing testimony to the gallant conduct of Colonel, Allen, Major Jones, Captains Colston

