
and Burgess, and Lieutenants Keeler and Kinsey, and, indeed, to the officers and men of the regiment.

On Saturday the regiment remained near McGehee's.

On Sunday we were marched as far as Grapevine Bridge, and returned about night-fall to our camp.

Monday we crossed the Chickahominy and the York River Railroad, and bivouacked near White Oak Swamp, and moved Tuesday, July 1, on the Shirley road, halting occasionally for some time. Heavy artillery fire all the while heard in front.

Passing a church, we were placed in a wood about 5 p.m. to the right of the road, and remained there over an hour.

Some of the regiments of the brigade being within reach of the shells of the enemy, about 6.30 o'clock the brigade was ordered from the woods to the road. The thick undergrowth delayed the movements of the Second and Fifth Regiments so much, that when the left of the Second reached the road neither the Twenty-seventh, Fourth, nor Thirty-third were in sight. The road was crowded with artillery and regiments hastening from the battle-field. The regiment was pushed forward as rapidly as possible on the road, and Sergeant-Major Burwell sent in advance to ascertain the routes taken by General Winder, and by his exertions we followed in his track.

Night was rapidly closing in. The regiment was in the woods to the right of the road, marching upon the left flank of the enemy and exposed to the fire of their artillery.

Leaving the woods we entered a field, which was swept by the enemy's fire. Here we met officers and men hastening to the rear, who reported that all our troops were in retreat. Still the regiment was pushed forward to join, if possible, the brigade. The Fifth was in our rear. The darkness, the rapid march, and the woods had separated the men very much, and the command was exceedingly small. Concealing them by a deep ravine in a wood, within 150 yards of the - road, I rode out until I struck the road. Here I could not see any of our troops, and the fire from the enemy was incessant.

On my return to the regiment Colonel Baylor called me to a consultation, and the result was that we should fall back and join our brigade, our impression being that our troops had been driven from this portion of the field. If we remained we would expose the men to a fire which they could not reply to or be cut off by the enemy; therefore, marching to the rear by nearly the same route we had advanced, we struck the - road at - Church, and learning that General Winder had not fallen back, we reformed our regiments and reported to him.

Providentially we had only 2 men wounded, though exposed to as heavy a fire as ever the regiment was under.

With this I send you a list of the killed and wounded.

LAWSON BOTTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOL. INFANTRY, July 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the list of killed and wounded in the Second Regiment Virginia Volunteers in the actions of June 27 and July 1:

*			*			*			*			*

