
 Killed	 Wounded

RECAPITULATION.	 3	 3

Officers

Non-commissioned	 -	 3

officers

Privates	 4	 17

Total	 7	 22

Respectfully,

LAWSON BOTTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

No. 235. Report of Colonel Charles A. Ronald,

Fourth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Richmond, Va., July 11, 1862.

The different roads over which the regiment traveled in going to the battle-field on June 27 and every day thereafter, inclusive of the battle of July 1, prevents me from giving, by proper description, the different positions of and routes taken by the regiment in its march to the several engagements. I beg leave, however, to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment in the actions of June 27 and July 1:

About 4 p.m. the regiment, with the brigade, marched at very quick time on the road until it came to about 2 miles of where the battle of Gaines' Mill, or Cold Harbor, was raging. Here the men threw off their blankets and marched at double-quick, when a halt was ordered by General Winder near a house which I believe is called Cold Harbor Tabern. At this point the general put the brigade in line of battle and said to them, "Prepare for a charge." The line being formed, the right of the Fourth resting on the left of the Twenty-seventh, we remained here for a short time exposed to the fire of the enemy's guns, whose shell did not prove destructive, though within range. About 6.30 p.m. the brigade moved forward in line of battle, passing through swamps and woods for about a quarter of a mile, when an open field was reached; but from some cause or other the Second and Fifth became detached on the left, and Twenty-seventh and Thirty-third on the right. I marched forward until I came up to General Lawton's brigade, which was seemingly at a rest. At this moment you directed me to change my front and forward the Hampton Legion, which I did. This brought me directly in front of the enemy's battery which the brigade had been ordered to take. By this time the Twenty-seventh resumed its position on my right, and now the brigade, with all the regiments, continued to charge the enemy's battery. It was getting late, twilight perhaps, when the brigade, reunited, moved forward; but upon arriving at about-yards of the battery it retired. After being satisfied that the enemy had abandoned his position the general about-faced the brigade, marched about 100 yards, and rested for the night. I threw out a picket in front of my regiment for the night.

37 R R-VOL XI, PT II

