
the men together. Major Terry acted well his part, but exposing himself all the time in his effort to get the regiment in order. I left him in the field, and rode in with that portion of the regiment which had entered the woods; but in the mean time it had grown quite dark, and it was difficult in a wood so dense to keep even the advanced portion of the regiment together. Passing through this wood, I reached the - road with only a part of the regiment - in a word, the regiment, unfortunately, became separated, and owing altogether to the fact that the command above referred to was given by some one. But for this I would have secured a new formation of the regiment and taken it altogether into action. But as it was, some were on the left and others on the right of other troops. Men and officers, so far as I could discover, acted very well in the engagement.

The casualties were as follows:

*			*			*			*			*

 Killed	 Wounded

RECAPITULATION. June	 -	 1

27: Commissioned

officers

Non-commissioned	 -	 -

officers

Privates	 -	 3

Total	 -	 4

July 1: Commissioned	 1	 -

officers

Non-commissioned	 1	 5

officers

Privates	 5	 20

Total	 7	 25

Casualties in all	 -	 36

Respectfully submitted.

CH. A. RONALD,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

No. 236. Report of Colonel William S. H. Baylor,

Fifth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malver Hill.

HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA INFANTRY, July 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of Friday, the 27th ultimo, in obedience to orders of Brigadier-General Winder, I prepared my regiment for immediate action.

It was marching left in front, and in the rapid movement forward was partly cut in two by the Second Brigade, which created some confusion in the right companies, and resulted in depriving me of some of my best men, who, in the confusion and rapid movement, lost their way and were unable to join me during the battle. I am happy, however, to state that some of those who were thus cut off joined themselves to

