
with the balance of the brigade. While there a battery of ours on our left fired a discharge of canister, which enfiladed my entire line, but, providentially, hurt no one. I speak it to the praise of my regiment that while this discharge cut all around them it showed no symptoms of alarm, but remained steady and firm until one of the privates gave notice to the battery that we were friends.

Under orders I afterward moved farther forward, and subsequently withdrew with the whole to the front. I immediately called for Company L to man the two pieces captured, but ascertained that Captain Burke, First Lieutenant Swoope, and 9 men were wounded, leaving only 1 officer and 9 men unhurt. I ordered him to take command of one of the pieces and load it with canister; but he ascertained that the enemy had used every charge but two, one of which was found in the limberbox, the other reversed in one of the guns. I reported these facts to General Winder.

My men got but little repose, as we had every reason to believe that the enemy intend to attack us during the night.

I found several wounded North Carolinians near the top of the hill, from which I inferred that the hill had been in our possession and retaken by the enemy prior to our coming forward. I afterward ascertained that my inference was correct.

I sent out details as early as practicable to take care of my wounded and to bury the dead.

I cannot undertake to mention the conduct of all the officers; all did their duty. Captain William H. Randolph was killed by my side urging his men on to the charge. A braver officer never poured out his blood for his country. Captains Fletcher and Burke were wounded and disabled while in the fearless discharge of their duty. Lieutenants Swoope, Keiser, and Brown, and others were also wounded in the midst of the fight, while the officers who were so fortunate as to escape unhurt did everything that brave men could do, and were foremost in the strife. Lieutenant McKenney, after fighting bravely through the battle, was wounded by the accidental discharge of a musket. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. S. Funk again proved himself efficient, cool, and brave, doing all that an officer could do toward the achievement which blessed our brigade with a glorious triumph. Captain Roberts, acting major, managed the left of the regiment in a highly creditable manner, and behaved with intrepidity and daring throughout the entire engagement.

While I feel unable to do justice to the officers, I find it impossible to give too much praise to the non-commissioned officers and privates, who, without the hope of praise or the incentives of promotion, behaved like heroes under the most in the full enjoyment of that liberty for which they have so cheerfully and nobly struggled.

I feel it but right to mention Mr. S. H. Bell and Mr. William J. Hunter, citizens of Augusta County, for their prompt and humane efforts in attending to and removing the wounded and burying the dead.

The list of casualties,* hereto appended, is, thanks to a protecting Providence, small, owing to the interposition of the darkness of night and the overshooting of the enemy.

On Tuesday, July 1, by order of General Winder, I had placed my regiment in the woods in rear of the battle-field. I had scarcely gotten

---------------

*Embodied in return,p.973.

---------------

