
enemy. We then changed the direction of our advance by a left half-wheel, and then we marched directly upon a battery of the enemy, which was throwing grape and shell profusely. This battery was soon silenced, and we marched to a position beyond this battery.

It being then quite dark, and the enemy completely routed, we were ordered to halt. We then threw out pickets to protect our front and then remained on the field for the night.

My regiment simply made a charge, without firing during the engagement; we were ordered to use the bayonet; the enemy gave way before us.

During the charge the regiment was exposed considerably to the shells of the enemy; also to some scattering rifle-shots. I had none killed and but 2 slightly wounded.

At the battle of the 1st instant the Twenty-seventh regiment was marched up the road in column with the brigade until it came within about half a mile of the battle-field, when the whole brigade filed to the right into a piece of woods. Then my regiment, in a line with the brigade, supported on the right by the Thirty-third Virginia and on the left by the Fourth Virginia Regiments, advanced by the right flank through the woods, then into an open field, and then again through a very dense forest of brush and timber, across the main road to the position assigned on the field.

The shot and shell fell fast and thick on us we marched on, and just before reaching our position on the field Colonel A. J. Grigsby, while leading the regiment in his dauntless and fearless style, was struck by a Minie ball, inflicting under his left arm a painful but not dangerous wound.

The regiment was ordered to fire, which it did, and continued firing for some length of time, when it was ordered to charge on a battery. This was attempted, but the regiment, being much scattered and unsupported by sufficient force, was compelled to desist. The regiment then resumed its original on the field and continued firing until the flight closed.

The loss of the regiment in this engagement, out of about 70 who went into the fight, was 1 killed and 2 wounded. Loss in both engagements was 1 killed and 4 wounded.*

Respectfully,

G. C. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Vols.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade.

No. 238. Report of Colonel John F. Neff,

Thirty-third Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD VIRGINIA REGIMENT, July 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the regiment under my command in the recent engagements with the enemy in front of Richmond. The report must necessarily lack clearness, owing to the fact that the ground on which we operated was

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

