
entirely unknown to me. There are no general landmarks or starting points with which to locate my position, yet I trust to make myself tolerably intelligible:

We had been halting on the road leading along in rear of the enemy's right flank until late in the afternoon of Friday, June 27, when the brigade was again put in motion and marched on down the road for perhaps 2 miles, when the regiments were counter-marched and the pieces loaded. Heavy firing was heard on our right over a line extending several miles. This firing, as I was informed, was from the divisions of Generals Hill, Ewell, and Longstreet, who were actively engaging the enemy's right flank, posted on the north side of Chickahominy River and occupying Gaines' farm. Our brigade was immediately in rear of General Lawton's brigade, which was moving along very slowly in the read already mentioned. Coming to the end of the woods which had skirted the road for a long distance we filed to the right, the Twenty-seventh Virginia leading, my regiment following immediately in rear. After marching through a clover field, by a small white house in the edge of the field, we turned off to the right, the men leaving their blankets and knapsacks at the corner of a narrow lane, which we now entered, making directly for the battle-field. Our progress being no longer obstructed by troops in our front, we pushed rapidly on through pine thickets and swamps for about half a mile until we reached an open plain with a wood in front, beyond which the battle seemed to be raging. Shells were flying over the field, and the wounded and stragglers were falling to the rear every moment; some few of the later were rallied and joined the regiment. On the edge of this plain the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-third were formed into line of battle, the Thirty-third on the right, but soon moved off again, marching by the flank, Thirty-third in front. We marched on in this manner across the field to an old road having telegraph wires extending along its course; here we were halted, and the brigade formed in column of regiments, Thirty-third in front.

Soon, after, and near sundown, a line of battle was formed, and the whole line moved forward in the direction of the firing, the Thirty-third on the right. Marching on, we soon entered the woods, a portion of which contained thick undergrowth. The firing in our front was very heavy; shells were bursting over us, and rifle balls pretty well spent were also falling in our midst. After entering the woods some 40 or 50 paces I came upon a Georgia regiment lying in the woods, and was about to pass my men through their ranks when the colonel remonstrated against it, at the same time telling me that several regiments were drawn up in his front and that there was great danger of being shot by our friends. I then marched the regiment by the left flank and passed on after the Twenty-seventh, which I could scarcely keep in sight of, going through the swamp and thicket. Urging my men along as fast as possible I soon got across the swamp and over the hill, leaving nothing but a deep ravine between me and the enemy's camp, situated on the rising ground beyond, but which had already been carried by our forces only a few moments before. I here met General Ewell, who delayed both regiments for a few moments to give us some instructions, when we again pressed forward. Here, too, I for the first time found that only a portion of my regiment had come up-the rest were still entangled in the swamp; but there was no time to wait, as we were already separated from the rest of the brigade, which had hurried on past regiments and brigades in their front. We pushed on by several regiments, and coming up again with the Fourth Virginia, we

