
marched on in line at a rapid pace. The firing on our left was quite heavy, but on the right the enemy was in full retreat, and but few shots were fired. Marching for about half a mile, after gaining the enemy's camp we approached a heavy piece of timber beyond a ravine. We were ordered to halt and soon after to take position 150 paces perhaps in rear, where we lay for the night, throwing out pickets on our front and flank. Soon after taking this position I was joined by a portion of the regiment commanded by Major F. W. M. Holliday, which had become separated from the rest of the regiment in the swamp, as already mentioned. This portion of the regiment had advanced farther to our right than any of our forces and was fired upon by a New York regiment, inflicting a loss upon us of 1 man killed. The hostile regiment running as soon as if fired, no opportunity was given to return their fire.

The loss of the regiment was 1 killed and 3 wounded. Among the wounded Lieutenant Eastham, Company I.

Saturday, the 28th, remained in our position all day, men being employed a portion of the day in gathering arms and burying the dead of friend and foe.

Sunday, the 29th, marched down to Grapevine Bridge, where we remained for several hours, and then returned to our former position.

Monday, the 30th, were aroused at 2.30 a.m. Got under arms and took up the line of march in the direction of Grapevine Bridge, crossed Chickahominy, and marched to the York River Railroad. Marched down the road some distance, and then down what I was told was the Williamsburg road. Heard heavy firing in front of us, but did not get under fire all day. Bivouacked at dark near White Oak Swamp.

Tuesday, July 1, marched at daylight, crossed the swamp, and moved on in the direction of James River. Do not remember what troops were immediately in our front. The Thirty-third Regiment marched in rear of the brigade. About 11 o'clock we filed into a wood on the right of the road and formed line of battle, Thirty-third on the extreme left. Remained in this position a considerable time, and then fell back a short distance to get out of range of shells. Here we remained until near sundown, when we were ordered to "Attention," faced to the left, and moved down the road in the direction of the firing, Thirty-third leading. As we approached the scene of action found the firing very warm, shot and shell flying over and around us. We again filed to the right into the woods, through which we soon made our way; entered a corn field and inclined to the left, marching on until we again reached the main road. In the road we halted for a moment, the men lying down behind a fence in the mean time, which afforded a partial protection. Soon moved off again, crossed the fence to our left, and marched in an oblique direction through a thick undergrowth across a swamp; clambered up a steep acclivity on the opposite side; crossed the fence, and found ourselves on the field of battle.

It was now quite dark, and it was difficult to tell where were our friends or foes. The regiment was put in line as well as circumstances would permit, the men sheltering themselves behind the hill as much as possible while they delivered a pretty warm fire upon the enemy. We were for some time unsupported, and our small force must certainly have been crushed by the superior weight of the enemy had they known our numbers. We were subsequently joined by some Louisiana regiments and General Lawton's brigade.

Considerable confusion was created necessarily in the swamp and bushes, officers and men becoming separated and regiments more or less

