
intermingled; yet, so far as my observation extended, both officers and men behaved well. Major Holliday, Adjutant Walton, Captain Golladay, and Sergeant-Major Baldwin were particularly brought under my notice. Captain Golladay was the only captain in the regiment on the occasion.

The firing did not cease until about 9 p.m., when it gradually died away, the enemy finally withdrawing.

The loss of the regiment in this engagement was 4 killed and 29 wounded. The strength of the regiment, as ascertained a short time before going into the engagement, was 130 rank and file.

The entire loss of the regiment in the recent engagements before Richmond is 5 killed and 32 wounded.*

Respectfully submitted,

JNO. F. NEFF,

Colonel Thirty-third Virginia Infantry.

Captain J. F. O'BRIEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Valley District.

No. 239. Report of Lieutenant Colonel r. H. Cunningham,

Twenty-first Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division [Jackson's], of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, VALLEY DISTRICT, Camp near Liberty Mills, Va., July 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In the absence of Brigadier-General Jones from sickness I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent operations of the Second Brigade, Army of the Valley, before Richmond:

On June 27 we were aroused soon after daylight by heavy and continuous cannonading on our right, our position being on the Meadow Bridge road. Soon after the brigade was put in motion in the direction of Cold Harbor, moving slowly, with frequent halts, the brigade being in the extreme rear and immediately behind the First Brigade, Valley District.

We moved in this way until about 5 p.m., when I was ordered by yourself, and soon after by Major Dabney, assistant adjutant-general, to carry the brigade into action, to form on the right of the Third Brigade, Colonel Fulkerson commanding, and to advance with this brigade.

I moved the brigade quite rapidly through the woods, at one time causing it to double-quick for a short distance, in order to keep in sight of the Third Brigade. It was at this point that the First Virginia Battalion, Captain Leigh commanding, was separated from the brigade.

I refer you to Captain Leigh's report, inclosed herewith, for further information as to the operations of the battalion during this evening.

I formed the brigade in line of battle under cover of a hill, protecting us from the enemy's shell, and at about 7 o'clock moved forward in line of battle to relieve Brigadier-General Wilcox, at the request of an aide of Major-General Longstreet.

I carried the brigade, under direction of Brigadier-General Wilcox,
---------------

*Tabular statement shows loss June 27 to have been 1 man killed and 3 wounded, and on July 1 to have ben 4 men killed and 1 officer and 28 men wounded.

---------------

