
to a point of woods on the extreme right of our lines and about half a mile from the Chickahominy River. The enemy, however, when we arrived at the woods, had been driven out by an attack in flank by General R. H. Anderson's brigade, and we had only to secure about 40 prisoners who were trying to make their escape. We occupied the ground which had been held by Butterfield's brigade that night. In moving to our first position 4 men in the Forty-eighth Virginia Regiment were slightly wounded.

On the morning of Saturday, June 28, we left our position soon after daylight and formed on the right of the First Brigade, Valley District, in the extreme front, where we remained until 9 a.m., when I was ordered by the major-general commanding to take the brigade to a house occupied by Brigadier-General Winder for headquarters, and to rest the men in the shade of trees in the yard.

On Saturday and Sunday, June 28 and 29, we remained near Cold Harbor comparatively inactive. Brigadier-General Jones took command of the brigade on Sunday morning.

On Monday, June 30, we crossed the Chickahominy, and encamped that night near the White Oak Swamp.

On Tuesday, July 1, we moved in the direction of Malvern Hill, halting frequently.

At about 5 p.m. we were drawn up in line of battle in a body of woods on the right of the road and about 400 yards in advance of a church, our position being immediately in rear of the First Brigade. We had several times to shift our position to avoid a great number of shells thrown near us by the enemy, by which a captain and 2 men in the Forty-eighth Virginia Regiment were slightly wounded.

About dark the brigade was moved by the left flank out on the road, and proceeded slowly in the direction of the firing for a short distance when it was stopped by some confusion in the brigade in front of us.

At this point Brigadier-General Jones received a confusion on the knee from a piece of shell, when the command of the brigade again devolved on me. As soon as the road was somewhat cleared I led the brigade forward and occupied a position immediately on the road and about 20 paces in rear of the First Brigade.

We remained in this position until sunrise next morning, July 2, when we retraced our steps and went into camp near the church mentioned before, and remained during the day and night.

On Thursday, July 3, we moved in the direction of the Long Bridge, and encamped that night about 2 miles from our last position.

I should have mentioned before that Brigadier-General Jones resumed the command on the morning of July 2.

On Friday, July 4, we moved to the field opposite Westover, where we were drawn up in line of battle until late in the afternoon, when we went into camp in a body of woods on our left.

We remained in this woods until Monday, July 7, when we relieved a part of General Whiting's division on picket.

On Tuesday, July 8, we left our camp near Westover and started in the direction of Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CUNNINGHAM, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain A. S. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Valley District.

