
No. 240. Report of Captain William P. Moseley,

Twenty-first Virginia Infantry, of operations June 27-July 10.

CAMP NEAR GORDONSVILLE, VA., July 24, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Twenty-first Virginia Regiment before Richmond:

The above-named regiment, under command of Major Moseley, was held in reserve the most of June 27, and about sunset was ordered to advance, when it arrived at Cold Harbor. It spent the night on its arms.

Saturday and Sunday, 28th and 29th, it spent near Cold Harbor in a state of inactivity.

On Monday, 30th, it crossed over the Chickahominy, and spent the night in the neighborhood of White Oak Swamp in camp.

Tuesday, July 1, it spent mostly on the road; thence to Malvern Hill, and at sunset it formed the line of battle in the woods on the right of the road, near the last-named place, where it remained under a heavy shelling until dark, when it moved by its left flank, and spent the night on the road-side, just in front of Malvern Hill, on its arms.

The next day, July 2, it spent in Camp Love Swamp Church, and on Thursday, the 3rd, it retraced its footsteps and encamped near White Oak Swamp.

That night, Friday, 4th, it was ordered in the neighborhood of Westover, where it was drawn up in line of battle all the rest of the day, and took up camp in the woods on its left, where it remained until the morning of Monday, 7th, when it moved forward about a quarter of a mile, and spent that day in line of battle on picket.

That evening it fell back several miles and encamped for the night.

Tuesday, 8th, it marched to a piece of woods several miles west of White Oak Swamp, at which place it staid one day, and then directed itself toward Richmond, at which place it arrived Thursday, July 10.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. P. MOSELEY, SR.,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-first Virginia Regiment.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Valley District.

No. 241. Report of Major Henry Lane,

Forty-second Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR LIBERTY MILLS, VA., July 23, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders and in the absence of Lieutenant Colonel William Martin, who was in command of the regiment at that time, I have the honor to report the operations of the Forty-second Regiment Virginia Volunteers in the recent battles in front of Richmond, commencing June 26.

Early on Friday morning, the 27th, heavy firing was heard in front,

