
which gradually receded down the Chickahominy River, on the north side, until late in the evening. The Second Brigade, to which this regiment is attached, was in the rear, and, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, was ordered up. After being marched some 2 miles very rapidly came up where the battle seemed to be raging the fiercest. The regiment was immediately formed in line of battle and marched across a field on the right, which was done in good order.

Just as the regiment came up the enemy, who were occupying a strong position in a piece of woods immediately in our front, gave way, leaving many dead and wounded on the field and it the woods. The regiment was then marched across the woods, and in its march captured 30 or 40 prisoners, mostly unhurt, who had secreted themselves in the thick brush and felled timber. The regiment was then halted in line of battle and lay upon its arms during the night on the battle-field. None of the regiment were hurt.

Early Saturday morning, 28th, the regiment was marched down the road, passing Camp Lincoln, and was advanced toward the bridge crossing Chickahominy River. The regiment was again ordered back, and ordered to the forks of the road, at a mill to the left of Chickahominy Bridge, where the regiment remained during the day and captured 3 prisoners, one of whom was wounded.

At night the regiment was marched back to camp, and again on the 29th returned to the same post, where it remained until about noon, when it was ordered across Chickahominy River, crossing the bridge and taking the road by the way of Savage Station.

Nothing worthy of note occurred until Tuesday evening, July 1, when heavy firing was again heard immediately in front, when the regiment, in conjunction with the other regiments of the brigade, was ordered up and took position in the woods near Malvern Hill, where numerous shells were thrown by the enemy, but did the regiment no damage. After remaining at this point some time the regiment was ordered along the road and in the direction of the battle; but before it reached the field the battle had nearly ceased, when it was ordered to hold the field, in conjunction with other regiments, which it did, lying on its arms during the night. The next morning the regiment was marched back to camp near a church. After this nothing worthy of special note occurred.

Respectfully submitted.

HENRY LANE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 242. Report of Captain John M. Vermillion,

Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR LIBERTY MILLS, July 22, 1862.

The regiment was first ordered to the scene of action Friday, 27th ultimo. Marched in line of battle beyond where the enemy made his first stand, when the brigade was halted and lay in line of battle until morning. In our advance to this point 4 men were wounded [slightly]

