
in the regiment. The command remained near the field until Monday morning, when it again took up the pursuit of the enemy, encamping Monday night near White Oak Station. Tuesday, the regiment, together with the remainder of the brigade, formed a supporting line in rear of the First Brigade, and thus spent most of the day near the battle-field. About dark it was ordered to the field, where it spent the night. The enemy's bombs were a great annoyance this day, and wounded [slightly] 1 captain and 2 privates in the regiment.

These are the positions taken by the Forty-eighth Virginia Regiment in the battles in front of Richmond.

JNO. M. VERMILLION,

Captain, Commanding Forty-eighth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

No. 243. Report of Captain B. W. Leigh,

First Virginia Battalion, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FIRST VIRGINIA BATTALION, PROV. ARMY, Camp near Liberty Mills, July 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN; In obedience to an order to that effect I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this battalion in the recent operations near Richmond:

On the morning of Friday, June 27, the battalion was encamped, along with the rest of the brigade, at a point on the Meadow Bridge road, in Hanover County, about 12 miles from Richmond. About sunrise we were aroused by the sound of cannon in the direction of Cold Harbor, and immediately marched toward it. After numerous and long halts we reached the vicinity of the battle-field about 5 o'clock in the evening, and were ordered it to move forward in double-quick time. But this order was not communicated to me, and as the battalion was in rear of the brigade, and the route lay across several marshy streams and through a body of woods, I did not perceive that the rest of the brigade was rapidly separating itself from us. On emerging from the woods I was, therefore, surprised to find that the rest of the brigade was out of sight. At this juncture an orderly, Mr. Price, came with orders to guide us to the brigade; but it had moved so rapidly that he was himself unable to find it. Sending Mr. Price to seek for the brigade I continued to lead the battalion forward, and after proceeding a short distance met Mr. Samuel D. Mitchell, who was then acting as aide-de-camp to Brigadier-General Winder, and had orders to conduct the brigade to a position in rear of that occupied by the First Brigade. Mr. Mitchell went on in search of Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, and I thought it best to carry the battalion at once to the position assigned to the brigade. Upon our coming up to the First Brigade General Winder ordered me to form the battalion in line of battle a few paces in rear of the First Brigade. We remained there under quite a severe artillery fire until about 7.30 o'clock, when General Winder ordered the First Brigade, the battalion, and several other regiments to form in line of battle and move forward to charge the enemy in front of us. The battalion occupied the center of the line. We advanced in this manner across one or two small swamps, through some wooded land,

