
and over some open fields, driving the enemy before us from one position to another, until we approached a body of woods beyond the house subsequently occupied by General Winder as his headquarters. By this time it had become quite dark, and for this reason, I presume, General Winder ordered us to halt. We shortly afterward retired to a position in front of the house just mentioned. We lay there upon our arms all night, in the midst of the enemy's dead and wounded.

During the charge the fire of the enemy was at times quite severe, and at one point 3 of the men in the battalion were wounded within a few moments of each other. They were First Sergeant Everett and Fourth Sergeant McFarland, of Company A, and Private Lewis Beckman, of Company C. Sergeant Everett was shot through the bladder and has since died. He was an old soldier, although not an old man, thoroughly acquainted with his duties and uniformly diligent in the discharge of them. I believe he has left no braver and no better soldier behind him. His loss is irreparable to his company.

On Saturday, June 28, the battalion rejoined the brigade and remained with it at Cold Harbor all day.

On Sunday, June 29, Brigadier-General Jones assumed command of the brigade. We marched to the bridge across the Chickahominy, but it was not in a condition to enable us to pass, and we returned to our camping ground of the previous day.

On Monday, June 30, the brigade crossed the Chickahominy and proceeded to a point near the White Oak Swamp, in Henrico County, where it halted for the night.

On Tuesday, July 1, the brigade crossed the White Oak Swamp and proceeded toward the Malvern Hills. In the latter part of the day a heavy cannonade to the front announced to us the conflict which was then in progress. A little after 5 o'clock we were drawn up in line of battle about 100 paces in rear of the First Brigade, in a body of woods beyond a church, of which I have been unable to ascertain the name. While we were in these woods a number of the enemy's shell exploded near us, and we shifted our position several times to get out of their exact range. About sunset we were ordered forward. We marched slowly down the road under a terrific fire from a battery which perfectly commanded it and which threw its shells with great accuracy. Some confusion occurred amongst the troops in front of us, and we were kept marching and counter-marching along the road in question for several hours. Finally we proceeded across a small stream to the crest of a hill, and remained there, in the midst of the dead and wounded, until the following morning. Brigadier-General Jones was disabled early in the night by a contusion on the knee from a piece during the remainder of the night. Notwithstanding the terrible fire to which we were so long exposed no one in the battalion was injured on this occasion.

On Wednesday, July 2, we encamped near the church I have mentioned.

On Thursday, July 3, we shifted our camp to a point a mile or two distant on the road to the Long Bridge.

On Friday, July 4, we marched to an open field near the enemy's encampment at Westover. We lay in this field in line of battle until the evening, and then encamped in a neighboring body of woods.

On Saturday, July 5, and Sunday, July 6, we lay in camp.

On Monday, July 7, the brigade, along with other troops, relieved General Whiting's division as advanced guard. We lay on picket near

