
the enemy's lines until evening, when we were ordered to move back a short distance to the rear.

On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, July 8,9, and 10, we marched back toward Richmond, and on the last-named day we encamped at a point near that at which the Mechanicsville turnpike crosses the Chickahominy River.

I cannot conclude this report without taking the occasion to bear my testimony to the courage and fortitude with which the officers and men met and endured the dangers and hardships of the memorable days in question.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

B. W. LEIGH,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain R. N. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade, Valley District.

No. 244. Report of Colonel E. T. H. Warren,

Tenth Virginia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division [Jackson's], of operations June 26-July 1.

CAMP FRESCATTI, VA., July 24, 1862.

In accordance with orders from general headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the services rendered by the Third Brigade, Army of the Valley, in the several engagements on the Chickahominy.

Thursday night, June 26, this brigade, under command of the late Colonel Fulkerson, of the Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment, bivouacked on the north side of the Chickahominy and below Mechanicsville, having marched that day from Hugh's Tavern, near Ashland.

Early Friday morning it was on the road, and during the day kept well closed up on the brigade which immediately preceded it. About 3.30 p.m. the brigade, except Captain Wooding's battery, was ordered forward, when, leaving the road on our left, we marched by the right flank through a woods and crossed a branch to an open field in which the First Brigade was forming. Passing through this field and another skirt of woods we entered a large grain field, where we were exposed to a harmless fire. Here the brigade was formed in line of battle, the Thirty-seventh Virginia, commanded by Major [now Colonel] Williams, on the right; the Tenth Virginia, under my command, in the center, and the Twenty-third Virginia, under Captain A. V. Scott, on the left. Soon after the brigade was formed it was ordered forward, as I was then informed, to drive the enemy from their works in the woods on the hill in front. The brigade moved forward rapidly with a shout, crossing the field and up to the enemy's works on the hill, which we found deserted, except by dead and wounded. We continued to advance until we came up to Brigadier-General Hood's brigade, which being at a halt, the Third was also halted, and Colonel Fulkerson went forward to examine the position of the enemy, when we received a heavy fire from the right, and the gallant Fulkerson fell mortally wounded. The fire was returned by another brigade on our right, and the enemy disappeared under cover of the darkness. The command of the brigade now

