
Numbers 41.-Colonel William Blaisdell, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 42.-Lieutenant Colonel George F. Tileston, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allens' Farm, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 43.-Colonel Powell T. Wyman, Sixteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 44.-Major Daniel S. Lamson, Sixteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 45.-Colonel Gilman Marston, Second New Hampshire Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 46.-Lieutenant Colonel G. D. Wells, First Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 47.-Brigadier General Daniel E. Sickles, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the engagements at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 48.-Major Thomas Holt, Seventieth New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 49.-Colonel George B. Hall, Seventy-first New York Infantry, of the battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 50.-Colonel N. Taylor, Seventy-second New York Infantry, of battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 51.-Captain Alfred A. Donalds, Seventy-third New York Infantry, of the engagements at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 52.-Colonel Charles K. Graham, Seventy-fourth New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 53.-Colonel Joseph B. Carr, Second New York Infantry, commanding third Brigade of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 54.-Colonel S. H. Starr, Fifth New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 1.

Numbers 55.-Major John Ramsey, Fifth New Jersey Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 56.-Colonel Gershom Mott, Sixth New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 3.

Numbers 57.-Colonel Joseph W. Revere, Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 58.-Captain Henry C. Bartlett, Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 1.

Numbers 59.-Captain William S. Tipson, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, of operations June 28-July 1.

Numbers 60.-Lieutenant Colonel William A. Olmsted, Second New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 61.-Brigadier General Philip Kearney, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the engagements at Oak Grove and Peach Orchard, skirmish at Jordon's Ford, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 62.-Captain George E. Randolph, Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of the action at Brackett's, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 63.-Lieutenant Parton S. Jastram, Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm) with finding of Court of Inquiry.

