
sound of the enemy's axes was heard felling trees for the purpose of building a bridge. We then opened with our light 12-pounder, firing case-shot, and I think doing great injury to the rebels.

I then left the section in command of Lieutenant Field, with instructions to fire slowly and surely, while I took one gun to join the rest of the battery, which was parked back in the woods, and proceeded to get the battery into such order as to be able to take up the march that night. The want of horses was very great, as we had lost some 15 or 20, and I was obliged to send forward and procure horses from my battery wagon and forge in order to pull my pieces and caissons from the field.

An order then came direction me to report to General Naglee, which I did, and was ordered by him to take up my line of march behind the rear of General Smith's command.

The section under Lieutenant Field was kept behind by some mistake, as I had sent an order to Lieutenant Field to bring up the section and join the rest of the battery through the authority of General Naglee; but he did not receive the order, and consequently remained in position until 2 o'clock the next morning, firing occasionally, and was one of the last to leave the ground. The rest of the battery followed the command of General Smith, and went into part in a large clover field at Malverton, where we fed our horses and rested our men.

About an hour after we had gotten into Malverton General Naglee informed me that the enemy advancing in force, and that I had better take a position, which I did, on the right of Captain Pettit, and remained there all that day and night. In the evening the section under Lieutenant Field joined the battery, having been moved off to the left, where the hottest fight was, but did not go into position.

The next morning we took up our line of march and proceeded to our present camping ground. We lost on that march a caisson body. The axle-tree having broken, and it being impossible to mend it, we abandoned it, saving the ammunition.

I am, respectfully,

RUFUS KING, Jr.,

First Lieutenant, Fourth Artillery, Commanding Battery.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Richardson's Division.

No. 14. Report of Brigadier General John C. Caldwell,

U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS CALDWELL'S BRIGADE, Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 6, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the actions of June 29 and 30 and July 1:

At Allen's Farm, on Sunday, the 29th, my brigade formed the second line behind that of General French, and at that place suffered no loss excepting 3 men of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, who were wounded by a ricochet shot. By order of General Richardson I sent forward the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers to re-establish the picket

