
regiment commenced firing, though only a few Yankees could be seen, their line being principally concealed by the bushes and trees, which were thick. Their firing was resumed hotly, and while it was progressing information was sent the company on the left of the regiment that we were firing upon our friends, and the cry was caught up by the men and extended along the line, and from this resulted confusion and a failure to have the bayonet charge as desired. The information was palpably erroneous, for by the fire we received many were in a very few minutes killed and wounded.

To my lieutenant-colonel, major, and adjutant I am under great obligation for assistance rendered me in reforming the line after the confusion resulting from a part of the men knowing that the enemy and not friends were in front of us, and a part believing the mistake had really been made, and all endeavoring to have the firing cease.

I have been thus particular in mentioning this circumstances to call attention to the fact that it may be a common trick with the enemy to create the impression that we have fired upon our friends, and to another fact, viz, that, so far as I heard and believe, the brigadier-general commanding, before going into the fight, had received no definite information, and could therefore communicate to us none as to what troops, if any, of ours were between us and the enemy. After the regiment was reformed the men again, without orders, commenced firing, and this I ordered to cease, as the woods were too thick to permit of much, in any, aim being taken, and a bayonet charge being more desirable.

While arranging for this two other regiments, one of them the Sixteenth Mississippi, came up and, gallantly entering the woods, pressed through them and up the opposite hill. The enemy poured a volley at random and soon broke and fled. The entire line, however, to the right of our position had been broken and the victory won over the whole field. Night put an end to the pursuit.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. DOUGLASS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. W. HULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR MAGRUDER'S MILL, VA., July 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In the battle fought below Richmond on the 1st instant the Thirteenth Georgia Regiment participated as follows, viz:

The brigade was not ordered forward until nearly sunset and had but little chance to do much fighting. As soon as orders came to advance the brigadier-general commanding at once led us in the direction indicated. We were marched by the right flank through a strip of woods and across a field. Well in the field, the regiment was exposed to a very severe fire from the enemy's batteries. Having received no specific information as to where the brigade should go or was needed, the brigadier-general was left to judge from the firing where to carry his command. Halting the column and requiring the men to lie down, he went forward to endeavor to gain the necessary information. Finding this impossible, and the firing from the enemy's batteries becoming hotter and from our friends in front of us weaker, he ordered me to move forward the regiment and charge the battery in front of us. The men obeyed with alacrity, and the battery upon which the charge was begun was thought to be directly in front of us. Across the fence and

