
road and another fence and into the woods beyond the men went with a shout. The bursting of shells was so incessant as to render it almost impossible for commands to be heard.

Night had come on and no line could be preserved. We kept on regulating our course as best we could by the reports from the enemy's batteries of which there were several and placed some distance apart. From this cause, and not being able to see anything,even a creek in front of us, or a fence over which we scrambled, the regiment became very much scattered in the woods. Only about 75 or 100 succeeded in reaching the field in which the batteries were located, and these did not arrive at the same time. A small number under Major Baker, who were the first to enter the field, were joined by a part of the Eighth Louisiana Regiment and charged nearly to the enemy's lines. Before reaching their farthest point occupied their number was increased by a few more under Adjutant Hill, who had gotten up time enough to join in the charge. They were received by a deadly volley of musketry and also a fire from the enemy's battery.

A good many were killed and wounded, among the latter Major Baker while behaving most gallantly. Lieutenant E. L. Connally, of Company A, was wounded at the same time, and, so far as I can learn, acting with great courage. One non-commissioned officer and several privates, in the excitement of the charge, entered the enemy's lines and were taken prisoners; but afterward, when the enemy retreated, escaped and returned to the regiment.

After the fall of Major Baker the men were ordered to fall back about 50 yards. The line was reformed by Adjutant Hill, and soon orders were received from Major Lewis, of the Louisiana regiment, for all to fall back to the crest of the hill next to the woods. Here I met them, but it was so dark that no man could be identified five paces off. There I also met Brigadier-General Lawton, who had gotten separated from us and made his way to the field by a different route, and one which we afterward saw was the proper one to have been taken. The balance of my regiment that crossed the road and entered the woods did not, with a few exceptions, succeed in finding their way out. Those who had made the charge near to the batteries I found intermingled with fragments of other regiments-Virginians, North Carolinians, and Louisianians.

Brigadier-General Winder sent an order to us to hold the hill we occupied until morning, and this was sanctioned by General Lawton, who left me in command of all present and went back to bring forward the left companies of my regiment and the balance of the brigade who had become detached from us as we passed through the first strip of woods we reached. The enemy kept up for an hour or two an occasional artillery fire and then withdrew, leaving their dead and wounded on the field.

I again call attention to the coolness and courage of Major Baker and Adjutant Hill, and beg to favorably mention the conduct of Lieutenant E. L. Connally, of Company A; Captain W. W. Hartsfield, Lieuts. James Andrews and B. L. Powell, of Company D. The limits proper for this report do not admit of the mention of all whom I would like to notice favorably for their gallantry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. DOUGLASS,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain E. W. HULL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

