
Numbers 248. Report of Major E. S. Griffin,

Twenty-sixth Georgia Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SIXTH GEORGIA REGIMENT.

July 25, 1862

On Friday, June 27, the Twenty-sixth Georgia Regiment then on the march, under command of Colonel E. N. Atkinson, about 4 p.m. were ordered to halt and load their guns. After loading were ordered forward at quick-time. About 4.30 p.m. the regiment was ordered into action. After going at double-quick for some 1 1/2 miles through shell and shot arrived at the scene of action and were ordered to enter the woods in line of battle. The regiment entered a dense forest down a considerable grade. In crossing a ravine through brambles, brush, mud, and water the regiment became divided, four companies on the left wing going obliquely to the left and the five right companies (the regiment then had but nine companies) going obliquely to the right. The left companies, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel William A. McDonald and Major E. S. Griffin, continued on through the swamp and soon became engaged with the enemy. At first they mistook the enemy for friends, but soon became convinced of their error, and continued to press forward and fire. A heavy fire was kept up by the enemy for some on and a half or two hours, when they fled in confusion. During the engagement the four companies were often encouraged by the presence of General Lawton, who himself during the entire time was in the midst of danger.

The five right companies, after crossing the ravine under a tremendous fire of musketry, advanced up the opposite hill, crossed a second ravine, when they were ordered by an aide-de-camp of General Ewell's to lie down and remain until the exact position of our friends could be ascertained. While in this position the enemy advanced to the brink of the hill, at foot or bottom of which the five right companies were lying, and poured into us a heavy fire of musketry. Our men were ordered to fire, which they did, load and fire again, which they continued to do until the enemy fled precipitately from the woods and across the open field. The five companies continued forward, and after crossing the field joined the four left companies about dark and bivouacked for the night.

On Tuesday, July 1, the Twenty-sixth Regiment was not engaged with the enemy, though with the balance of the brigade it was marched under a heavy cannonading up to the field and near the immediate scene of action. Slept on their arms during the night.

Respectfully submitted.

E. S. GRIFFIN

Major, Commanding Twenty-sixth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

Numbers 249. Report of Major J. H. Lowe,Thirty-first Georgia Infantry, of battle of Gaines' Mill.

-------

, ---, 1862

I have the honor to make the following report of the part tasken by the Thirty-first Georgia Regiment in the battle of Friday, June 27:

This regiment, commanded by Colonel C. A. Evans, being cut off and

