
superior numbers, advantageously posted after the troops immediately to their right had fallen back, gaining ground slowly against large odds.

Lieutenant-Colonel Trentlen, of the Fifteenth Alabama, displayed the most indomitable bravery, encouraging and keeping his men in place when in many instances their ammunition was exhausted and their pieces had become too hot to load, and at a time when there were no troops in supporting distance and the abandonment of this position might have been attended with the most disastrous results. I was also particularly struck by the gallantry of Private Frank Champion, Company F, Fifteenth Alabama Regiment, who, on horseback, was very conspicuous in rallying and encouraging the troops, those he was ordering taking in for an officer of rank.

Among many officers who attracted attention by their gallant bearing I would enumerate Major A. A. Lowther, Captain Feagin, of Company B; Second Lieutenant Brear, Company G; Brevet Second Lieutenant Bethune, Company K, Fifteenth Alabama Regiment.

General Trimble also furnishes the names of the following officers as having shown, conspicuous bravery: Major T. W. Hooper (wounded); Captain J. B. Akridge, Company K; Captain James C. Nisbet, Company H; First Lieutenant W. J. Warren, Company I; First Lieutenant M. T. Castleberry, Company C; Second Lieutenant J. W. Patrick, Company K, Twenty-first Georgia Regiment; and Capts. P. V. Guerry, Company C, Fifteenth Alabama, and James Brown, Company A, Sixteenth Mississippi, who were shot dead while leading their companies in a charge.

During the late campaign in the valley Captain Brown's company was detached as scouts, and he rendered very effective service in this capacity, giving much valuable information and proving himself a most capable and brave officer.

Colonel James Cantey, Fifteenth Alabama Regiment accidentally separated from his regiment in the confusion, succeeded with the assistance of Captain G. Campbell Brown, assistant adjutant-general, just returned from carrying orders, in rallying a number of the fugitives, whom he led again into action.

The Fifth Texas, of Hood's brigade, and a portion of the Hampton Legion first came to my assistance, and rendered valuable service in keeping back the enemy, until the arrival of General Lawton enabled our forces to take the initiative. General Lawton, after assisting in clearing the front, wheeled part of his brigade to the right, attacking the enemy in flank, thus opening the way to the remainder of General Trimble's brigade, which was on my right, and which advanced to the field beyond the woods.

The small body of troops with me ha held their ground for two hours or more alone, when the re-enforcements already mentioned came up; and they having exhausted all their own ammunition and in many cases that of the dead and wounded,and having been closely engaged for more than four hours, the most of them were withdrawn from the field about dusk.

I remained on the ground myself until after dark, in order that the troops which came up latter in the day might profit by what I had learned of the ground and the position of the enemy. I found the Thirteenth Georgia Regiment, Colonel Douglass, temporarily separated from the rest of Lawton's brigade on its left, but instead of waiting for orders, gallantly and successfully advancing against the enemy (though he was strongly posted) until assurances that those in front were friends caused doubts in the minds of the men, and made it advisable to halt

