
them under cover until the movements of the Fifth Texas and the balance of Lawton's brigade was certain to dislodge the enemy.

On Saturday, under orders from Major-General Jackson, I advanced, preceded by a cavalry force, down the north bank of the Chickahominy to Dispatch Station, and destroyed a portion of the railroad track. The station and stores had, unfortunately, been burned by the cavalry advance guard before my arrival.

About noon on Sunday I was ordered to prevent the enemy from crossing Bottom's Bridge, and took position accordingly until about 6 p.m., when I received directions to return to Grapevine Bridge and follow General Jackson's division.

Tuesday morning on the march I was joined by General Early and ordered to my division, who took command of the Fourth Brigade, General Elzey having been dangerously wounded at Cold Harbor. At this time General Early was so disabled from the effects of a wound received at Williamsburg as to be unable to mount his horse without assistance.

At Malvern Hill my division was in reserve, General Trimble, being posted in rear of General Whiting's left; Colonel Stafford with the Louisiana Brigade, on the right of General Whiting's line, and General Early in rear of Colonel Stafford.

About dark General Early was ordered to the right to support General D. H. Hill, and was exposed on the march and after his arrival to a heavy artillery fire. When morning came his troops were the only ones on that part of the field.

Colonel Stafford's brigade was detached from my command, and consequently I can give no account of his movements. I refer you to his report,herewith forwarded.

At Westover, on the Friday following, my division was placed in front, and advanced until our skirmishers became engaged with those of the enemy, when we were ordered to halt.

I inclose the reports of Generals Early and Trimble and Colonels Walker and Stafford. General Trimble furnishes the diagram. On a comparison of his report with mine some discrepancies will be observed, which can in part be accounted for by the lapse of time and the confusion in describing movements over ground not examined by us together. The report of Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, commanding the Maryland Line, is also appended, as are detailed lists of the killed and wounded, showing an aggregate loss of 987.

My staff at Gaines' Mill (or Cold Harbor) consisted of Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Jones (adjutant-general's department), acting inspector-general; Major James Barbour and Captain G. Campbell Brown (assistant adjutant-general's department), and Lieutenant Hugh M. Nelson, aide-de-camp, who was slightly wounded. At Malvern Hill the same with the addition of Lieutenant T. T. Turner,aide-de-camp. Major B. H. Green, division commissary of subsistence, was also with me on the field on both occasions.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.

Captain A. S. PENDLETON.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Valley District.

