
I inclose the report of the commanding officer of each regiment for particulars and for list of killed and wounded.

My own regiment (Thirteenth Virginia) was sent forward as skirmishers in the morning and killed and wounded 5 or 6 of the enemy and took some 25 prisoners. In the evening it was in the hottest of the fight, and both officers and men, with a few exceptions, behaved well and fought with a determination and bravery worthy the cause in which were are engaged.

The loss of the regiment in killed and wounded was very heavy in proportion to the number engaged. Only about 250 went into action, and of that number 112 were killed and wounded. The loss inn company officers was particularly heavy, and is the best evidence of the gallant manner in which they discharged their duties.

I beg leave to add my humble testimony to the gallantry of Captain William H. Sherer, of Company H, who was mortally wounded while bravely encouraging his men; also to that of Captain C. G. Cooke, of Company A; First Lieutenant F. D.. Sherrard, of Company K and Lieutenant Streit, of Company H, all of whom fell, like brave and true men, at their posts.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully

J. A. WALKER,

Colonel Thirteenth Virginia Infantry.

Lieutenant G. CAMPBELL BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 254. Report of Brigadier General Jubal A. Early,

C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION.

August 2, 1862

I submit the following report of the operations of this brigade at or near Malvern Hill on the 1st ultimo:

On that morning I was ordered by General Lee to report to Major-General Jackson for temporary duty with one of the brigades of his command, and was by him assigned to the command of the brigade lately commanded by Brigadier-General Elzey, in the division of Major-General Ewell. Of this brigade I assumed command about midday on the road leading from White Oak Swamp to Willis' Church.

In the afternoon of the same day the brigade, consisting of fragments of the Thirteenth, Twenty-fifth, Thirty-first, Forty-fourth, Fifty-second, and Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiments, and the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, numbering in all about 1,050 men present, was formed, by order of General Ewell, in line of battle in the woods on the left of the road leading from Willis' Chuch to Malvern Hill, where it remained until very late in the afternoon during a heavy cannonading between the enemy's artillery and our own, an occasional shell falling near the brigade doing no damage however, except the killing by the same shot of a private in the Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment, and a young gentleman named Field, who was a volunteer on the staff of Colonel Walker, of the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment.

