
splendidly. I do not think their steadiness and gallantry were ever surpassed. The Seventh New York Volunteers were on the left of the Sixty-first and Eighty-first, and fought gallantly. All these regiments fought till every round of ammunition was exhausted, and then stood without flinching the fire of the enemy when unable to return it. The brigade was withdrawn about midnight, and marched with the rest of the army to this place.

In mentioning officers worthy of particular commendation I cannot fail to award the highest praise to Colonel Barlow, Sixty-first New York Volunteers. It will be remembered that this officers distinguished himself at the battle of Fair Oaks. In every engagement since he has only added to the laurels there acquired. He possesses in an eminent degree all the qualities of a good commander - intelligence, coolness, and readiness.

Lieutenant-Colonel Conner, of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania, fought bravely, and was shot dead at the head of his regiment. Colonel Von Schack and Major Gaebel, of the Seventh New York, behaved with great coolness and gallantry. During the battles of the three days but two members of my staff were with me, Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp George W. Scott and Captain and Acting Asst. Adjt. General N. A. Miles. Lieutenant Scott was wounded in the thigh on Monday afternoon while the brigade was advancing to the support of General Kearny. Of Captain Miles I cannot speak in terms of sufficient praise. His activity was incessant. On Sunday he volunteered to cut a road through the woods from Allen's farm to Savage Station, and collecting amen from various regiments soon made a road practicable for artillery, which was undoubtedly the means of saving three batteries. On Monday he most vigorously seconded my efforts, and himself conducted the Eighty-first to the support of the Sixty-first. On Tuesday, although he was my only staff officer, I sent him to General Sumner for re-enforcements, which duty he performed in the most speedy and successful manner. Near the close of the engagement he conducted and placed a piece of artillery on the left, which by sending a shower of canister silenced a very effective musketry fire of the enemy. During the whole movement his service have been to me invaluable.

I cannot close my report without paying a tribute to the gallant dead and wounded as well as to the living and present. Men never fought more gallantly and nobly, or endured fatigue, privation, hunger, and sleeplessness with a more uncomplaining spirit. We have never lost a gun, a color, or fallen back in inch while the battle lasted. I deem myself honored in leading such gallant men, and claim no other praise than that inseparable from being the commander of such brave soldier.

My report shows 3 officers killed, 28 wounded, and 3 missing; enlisted men, 86 killed, 467 wounded, and 178 missing; making a total of 765.* The list of missing will probably diminish. I will send detailed lists of the killed and wounded as soon as possible; certainly to-morrow.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant C. STUART DRAPER,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.24.

---------------

