
before Richmond, I have the honor to make the following statement of facts connected therewith:

Owing to the illness of Brigadier-General Taylor the command of the brigade devolved upon Colonel I. G. Seymour, of the Sixth Louisiana Regiment.

On the afternoon of Friday, the 27th ultimo, in the charge at Cold Harbor, Colonel Seymour was shot from his horse and died a few minutes after. I then took command of the brigade,and was ordered by General Trimble to form the troops in line of battle near the edge of the wood; this was done. It soon after became dark and no further movements were made. The brigade remained on the ground that night, and the next morning, the 28th, was ordered to advance in pursuit of the enemy, who were retiring. On this and the two days following we continued to advance steadily forward.

The enemy, on arriving at Malvern Hill, there made a stand and prepared to resist our farther advance. The brigade was first ordered to form in line of battle near the road on the left; very soon, however, our position was changed to a wheat field near by. This movement was also countermanded, and our position again changed to a ravine near the enemy's batteries. At dusk an order was brought (we then being under orders of General Whiting and supporting his division) to charge forward on the battery. This order was given by an officer unknown to myself or any of the officers of my command. Three of the regiments-the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Louisiana-advanced as ordered. It now being night, this order was not heard or properly understood by the Ninth Louisiana, and no advance was made by that command. This charge resulted in the loss of some valuable lives. After the charge the brigade, being somewhat scattered, was withdrawn to a gate and order restored. Leave was obtained of General Ewell for the men to get water at the church. Again advanced, and remained at the gate (near the ground previously occupied by them) during the night. A portion of the brigade, however, remained on the field from which the charge was made and there staid the remainder of the night.

Accompanying this report is forwarded a list of the casualties of the brigade in the two engagements in which it was actively engaged, viz, that of Cold Harbor and Malvern Hill, as furnished by the regimental commanders.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. STAFFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Eighth Brigade.

Captain G. CAMPBELL BROWN.

Numbers 257. Report of Colonel Bradley T. Johnson,

First Maryland Infantry (Confederate), commanding Maryland Line, of the skirmishers at Hundley's Corner, battle of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill, and skirmish at Westover.
HEADQUARTERS MARYLAND LINE,Camp near Westover, Va., July 7, 1862

CAPTAIN: On Thursday, June 26, when the army advanced from Ashland the First Maryland Regiment, of my command, was ordered to the

---------------

*Embodied in returns, pp. 609, 975.

---------------

