
I placed a picket on the Williamsburg road and held the hill by order until the 30th, when I was ordered off.

On July 1, finding myself in the rear without orders, I pushed forward until I got within a quarter of a mile of Littleton's house, on the Malvern Hills. Here I halted and went forward with my adjutant and adjutant-general of the Maryland Line. A short distance from my position I met Brigadier General George B. Anderson coming back, wounded, with the fragments of his command, which had been repulsed, losing heavily. I rode on, and just in front of Littleton's house came suddenly on a small body of the enemy within 100 yards of me. Returning, I reported the fact to Major-General Jackson, and asked should I go forward. He said, "No." I remained in position until dusk under the most terrific fire of shell and shrapnel I can conceive of. At that time, finding troops coming pouring back from the front, and no one to get orders from, I concluded to move forward toward the firing. As I was going up Major-General Ewell rode up and approved of my action.

I then went on and found Brigadier-General Winder, and by his order took possession of the woods beyond the Littleton house, which I held until we marched. This gave us complete command of the battle-field.

The next morning a squadron of cavalry, escorting an officer of rank, coming impertinently near, was driven off, and a regiment of infantry moving off gave us a few scattering shots.

On this day I only lost 1 man, hit by a piece of shell, and my assistant surgeon had his horse killed.

On July 4 we occupied, with Brigadier-General Early's command, the woods in front of Westover Church. There was some sharp skirmishing, but no loss, except that Lieutenant Bond, assistant adjutant-general, Maryland Line, had his horse killed.

Your obedient servant,

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON.

Colonel, Commanding Maryland Line.

Captain G. CAMPBELL BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 258. Report of Major General Daniel H. Hill,

C. S. Army of engagement at King's School-House and battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,July 3, 1863

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the reports of battles by brigade, regimental, and battery commanders designated in the accompanying list.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

---------------

*Omitted; unimportant.

---------------

