
Bondurant had 3 men killed, 10 wounded, and 28 horses killed or disabled at the latter place. The other six batteries suffered but little. Under the immediate supervision of Major-General Jackson they opened across the swamp upon the Yankee batteries just before our final charge.

On June 28 Major-General Ewell was sent with his division to Dispatch Station, on the York River Railroad, while General Stuart went down to the White House, the terminus of this road. Both expeditions were completely successful, and the Yankee line of communication being thus cut, McClellan was compelled to change his base. He spent two days in destroying vast military and medical stores south of the Chickahominy, and attempted to hold the crossings over that stream. Scouts from Hood's brigade and the Third Alabama (Rodes' brigade) succeeded in crossing, and my Pioneer Corps, under Captain Smith, of the Engineers, repaired Grapevine Bridge on the 29th, and we crossed over at 3 o'clock that night.

McLaws' division had a bloody fight at Savage Station on the afternoon of the 29th instant. That night the Yankees continued their retreat leaving, 1,100 sick and wounded in our hands.

Jackson's command, my division leading, passed Savage Station early in the morning of the 30th instant, and followed the line of the Yankee retreat toward White Oak Creek. We picked up about 1,000 prisoners and so many arms, that I detached the Fourth and Fifth North Carolina Regiments to take charge of both.

At White Oak Creek we found the bridge destroyed and the Yankee forces drawn up on the other side. Twenty-six guns from my division and five from Whiting's division opened a sudden and unexpected fire upon the Yankee batteries and infantry. A feeble response was attempted, but silenced in a few minutes. Munford's cavalry and my skirmishers crossed over, but the Yankees got some guns under cover of a wood which commanded the bridge and the cavalry was compelled to turn back. The skirmishers staid over all day and night. We attempted no further crossing that day. The hospitals and a large number of sick and wounded at White Oak Creek fell into our hands. Major-Generals Longstreet and A. P. Hill attacked the Yankees in flank at Frazier's farm, some 2 miles in advance of us that day, and a corresponding vigorous attack by Major-General Huger on their rear must have resulted most disastrously to them. The obstacles he met, which prevented his advanced, may have been of a character not to be overcome. I do not know and cannot judge of them. The bridge being repaired, Jackson's command crossed over, Brigadier-General Whiting's division leading, and effected a junction with General Lee near a church a few miles from Malvern Hill. Whiting's division was turned off the road to the left at the foot of this hill and mine to the right. We had to advance across an open field and ford a creek before getting under cover of the woods. We were in full view while effecting these objects, and suffered heavily from the Yankee artillery. Brigadier-General Anderson, on the extreme left had become engaged, his brigade roughly handled, and himself wounded and carried off the field before the other brigades had crossed the creek. By the order of Major-General Jackson the division was halted in the woods and an examination made of the ground. The Yankees were found to be strongly posted on a commanding hill, all the approaches to which could be swept by his artillery, and were guarded by swarms of infantry securely sheltered by fences, ditches, and ravines. Tier after tier of batteries were grimly visible on the plateau, rising in the form of an amphitheater. One flank was protected by Turkey Creek and the

