
No. 15. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel G. Langley,

Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Fraizer's Farm).
HDQRS. FIFTH NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLS., July 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers in the late actions:

Sunday, June 29, after the division had fallen back and formed a new line, I was ordered by General Richardson to establish a picket on the old line in front of our earthworks. Moved the regiment into the clearing near Fair Oaks Station; saw large number of the enemy inside the works; reported to General Richardson, and received orders to remain where I was. I threw out skirmishers and fell back gradually into the woods in front of the main force. I was attacked in this position, and a sharp fire was kept up for some time, the enemy falling back. I remained in the woods until ordered by General Sumner to join our brigade. Our loss in the above affair was 2 killed, 11 wounded, 1 second lieutenant and several men missing. In the afternoon the regiment acted only as support. It was under heavy artillery fire, but sustained no loss, and retired with the brigade.

Monday, June 30, the regiment was formed as support to battery, and was under a very heavy artillery fire nearly all day, during which time we had 5 killed and 9 wounded. At about 7 p.m. went with the brigade to support General Kearny, then engaged about 2 miles to our left. On our arrival we formed line of battle on the left of the Seventh New York Volunteers in the road. We remained in this position subject to a musketry fire, but were unable to return it on account of a regiment of our men being in our front. Some time after the firing had ceased the regiment was ordered forward about 100 yards as picket. At about 2 a.m. I was ordered by General Caldwell to retire and join the brigade. In retiring I lost one first lieutenant and several men, who must have remained on the ground asleep and been taken prisoners.

Tuesday, July 1, after forming the regiment in column, I was unwell and retired, and did not join it until Wednesday, at this camp. Herewith I forward a report of Captain Sturtevant, who was in command during my absence. A large number of the sick and wounded were left behind, and have probably fallen into the hands of the enemy. A day or two more and we can tell nearer how we stand.

Respectfully,S. G. LANGLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth New Hampshire Vols.

Brigadier General J. C. CALDWELL, Commanding Brigade.

No. 16. Report of Captain Edward E. Sturtevant,

Fifth New Hampshire Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FIFTH Regiment NEW HAMPSHIRE VOLUNTEERS, City Point [Harrison's Landing], Va., July 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the

