
At that moment, though the whole of General Anderson's brigade seemed to be stanch at a halt, still his right, composed of regiments which joined him after his halt, wavered, and looking around for troops to sustain him I discovered some at the lower end of the field, to the rear, no engaged, but under artillery fire. I found them to be Colquitt's brigade, and close to them on their left I found the Sixth and Third Alabama Regiments. Urging Colonel Colquitt to move up to Anderson's right I ordered my two regiments directly forward to his support, and then moved up the original line to collect and return to the field, if possible, those of had fallen back from the left.

I arrived at the left in time to stop some fugitives, but was so utterly exhausted from weakness, proceeding from my wound (not yet by any means healed), that I could do no more. I found, however, that the confusion before spoken of on the left of the line had not been general; that my three first-named regiments had continued the charge, and had successfully and almost alone beaten back two large bodies of the enemy on the top of the hill, besides taking a battery of the enemy directly in our front. The Fifth Alabama Regiment,which took the battery, was sustained in this portion of the charge by the Twenty-sixth only, the Twelfth Alabama, in some confusion having shifted to the left late in the evening and joined the troops which came up on the left of Hill's division.

All the regiments and regimental officers acted handsomely; but he Fifth and Twenty-sixth were especially distinguished for their great courage. I feel confident that no troops ever acted better than they did on this occasion. Men and officers all acted nobly.

Colonel C. C. Pegues, of the Fifth Alabama, was wounded desperately in the charge and has since died of his wounds. Upon falling he called to the next officer in command to him, Major Hobson, and told him that the Fifth had always been in the advance, and that it was his last wish that it should then go ahead and allow no regiment to pass it. Major Hobson gallantly carried out his wishes, and he led the regiment on constantly ahead of all others of the division except the Twenty-sixth, which kept, under its brave colonel (O'Neal), steadily with it.

Carter's battery had but little to do, expect receive the fire of the enemy, until late in the afternoon,when for a short time, under my orders, with two of his pieces,and later with his whole battery, under the orders of Major-General Jackson it engaged the enemy's battery to the left of the Cold Harbor field and silenced it. Fortunately the battery suffered but little loss. Captain Carter and his men on this occasion, as on former one, behaved with distinguished gallantry.

The total loss of the brigade in this battle was 31 men killed and 114 wounded. Of these the Fifth Alabama lost 21 killed and 45 wounded.

After causing the brigade to reassemble we slept on the field of battle. The brigade, under orders, moved orders moved down near the Grapevine Bridge and remained there during the day.

At the close of the day (Saturday), I was compelled, from the condition of my arm and from consequent fever, to turn over the command of the brigade to Colonel Gordon, of the Sixth Alabama. I desire to call especial attention to the conduct of the above-mentioned officer; it was distinguished for all that a soldier can admire.

My regular and volunteer staff officers--Captain Whiting, Lieutenants Webster and Peyton, and Messrs. Wood, Thomas Bouldin, V. H. Rodes and Lumsden-were of great service to me, and served me faithfully at great personal risk all the afternoon. Captain Whiting and

