
us, and in common with some of my officers, I assisted in placing other troops in position.

The batteries were not taken, but, without detracting anything from the action of other troops, justice to these men compels me to say that the dead of this brigade marked a line nearer the batteries than any other. Some of the Twelfth North Carolina Regiment nobly rushed forward and perished among the dead of my right regiment. I called the attention of two of Major-General Hill's staff to these facts the next day on the field.

There were many exhibitions of individual heroism, but I must call especial attention to the gallant conduct of Colonel E. A. O' Neal, of the Twenty-sixth Alabama; Major E. L. Hobson, of the Fifth Alabama; Major Robert M. Sands and Captain Richard H. Powell of the Third Alabama, and Major Baldwin, assigned to the temporary command of the Sixth Alabama. Mr. Lumsden, a voluntary aide to Brigadier-General Rodes, was wounded in the hand discharging his duties. Of the gallant conduct of Captain H. A. Whiting assistant adjutant-general, I cannot speak in too strong terms. Ordered to the right under the heaviest fire to assist me in preserving the line, he discharged this duty with great courage and spirit. His services on this,as on other occasions, were invaluable.

I submit herewith a tabular list furnished by each regiment. Owing to their positions in line the Third Alabama suffered most and the Sixth Alabama least.

Permit me to conclude by saying that nothing so increases an officer's confidence in our strength as to lead such troops into battle.

I am, very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

J. B. GORDON,

Colonel, Commanding Rodes' Brigade.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure.]

Command.	 Killed	 Wounded	 Total	 Carried

 	 	 	 in action

3rd Alabama	 37	 163	 200	 354

5th Alabama	 26	 66	 92	 225

6th Alabama	 8	 39	 47	 230

26th Alabama	 10	 76	 86	 218

Total	 ---	 ---	 425	 1,027

Several reports have been handed in, but this is correct.*

Respectfully submitted.

J. B. GORDON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in returns, pp. 633, 975, 976.

---------------

