
fire of the enemy. It was at this time the fighting became general, and that each man behaved and fought as though the issue of the battle depended on his own individual efforts. Men never fought more gallantly.

There were 6 men shot down while carrying the colors forward, the seventh bringing off the field after the fight a portion of the staff, the colors being literally cut to pieces, and portions of them picked up on that part of the field where the regiment fought.

My loss in this day's fight was 37 killed and 163 wounded-a total of 200 out of 354 taken into the fight.

It is difficult to discriminate where so many acted gallantly,but I feel that duty requires me to mention the following privates for very marked coolness and bravery; James G. Stewart and James C. Reynolds, Company A, Mobile Cadets: Abner S. Reed, of Company D, Tuskegee Light Infantry; Shelton Toomer, Company F, Metropolitan, Guards, and the two non-commissioned officers, Quartermaster Sergt. John Wylie and Sergt. William N. Ledyard, Company A, Mobile Cadets. There are many others, I have no doubt, who deserve being mentioned, but these were brought prominently before my own personal observation

I am, general, very respectfully,

ROBT. M. SANDS,

Major, Commanding Third Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Brigadier General R. E. RODES, First Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 262. Report of Colonel John B. Gordon,

Sixth Alabama Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ALABAMA REGIMENT.

July 15, 1862

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of my regiment in the battle of the 27th ultimo, at Cold Harbor:

Having moved across an open field in line of battle with the brigade in a westerly direction, we were halted by Brigadier-General Rodes and ordered to change front forward on left company. This done, I was ordered forward at double-quick in common with other regiments of the brigade. Passing through a most densely wooded morass, the line of the brigade was broken and my regiment separated from it. Reforming my regiment under heavy fire from artillery and infantry, I moved it forward until I discovered my total isolation, and that I occupied a position in rear of another line of Confederate troops. This was a position of great danger, and one from which I could neither fire nor advance. Exposed to fire from the flank by our own troops and in front from the enemy, I withdrew the regiment in good order to the position occupied by the Third Alabama, near the swamps.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. B. GORDON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Alabama Regiment.

Captain H. A. WHITING, A. A. G., First Brigade.

P. S.-Casualties already reported.*

---------------

*See report Numbers 260. p. 635.

---------------

