
part taken in action by the Fifth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers on Tuesday, July 1, 1862:

The regiment moved forward with the brigade, and deployed in line of battle to support the batteries in our front, where it remained six hours. During nearly all the time the regiment remained in the line the enemy kept up a heavy fire from artillery. After the enemy ceased his fire in this direction the line of battle was changed, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, to a fence, where it remained about one hour, and was then changed again to a road leading near the enemy's fire on the left, where it remained in reserve a short time, receiving a severe fire from the enemy's artillery, and then the line of battle was moved to the front, where I was ordered to report for orders to General Howe, which I did. His orders to move were to move my regiment to the right of a battery which was near us and assist in supporting it. I did as ordered, and the enemy kept up for an hour a heavy fire from his artillery.

Another of our batteries then came up and advanced toward the enemy's lines. I then moved my regiment forward to support this battery. The enemy formed in line of battle several times and attempted to advance, but were repulsed by the heavy fire from our battery, which kept up a constant fire until near 10 o'clock at night, when the battery withdrew. It being then understood by me, from what I could, learn from two other regiments who were also engaged in supporting this battery, that another battery was to return and take its place,and failing to receive any orders I concluded to remain on the ground with my regiment and assist the other two regiments in keeping guard in front. No other battery returned, and I found that most of our troops had been drawn off during the night, and not being able to find our brigade I concluded to retire to the rear, which I did at about 5 o'clock in the morning of July 2, 1862. I found on going to the rear that most of the army had left for City Point [Harrison's Landing], Va. I remained in the rear some two hours, when I learned from our cavalry and provost-marshal (as I was informed) that our brigade and division had gone to City Point. I then started on the march with my command for this camp, where I arrived with my command and joined this brigade at about 11 o'clock in the forenoon of July 2, 1862. During the action of the day 2 lieutenants and 5 enlisted men were wounded and 21 enlisted men were missing.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. STURTEVANT,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Regiment New Hampshire Vols.

Brigadier-General CALDWELL.

No. 17. Report of Colonel George Von Schack,

Seventh New York Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 6, 1862.

The Seventh Regiment New York Volunteers left Fair Oaks Station on the 29th of June at 3 o'clock a.m. for Orchard Station. Here the regiment was placed on the right of the railroad in the second line.

