
aged by the previous day's work that they had retreated from Malvern Hill. Having gotten our commands together during the day, suitable details were made for burying the dead.

This brigade, along with the rest of the division, was now put in bivouac near the scene of the late battle-fields, with orders to collect the arms and munitions, get off the wounded, the prisoners, &amp;c., I had neglected to say that Colonel McRae, of the Fifth North Carolina, with his own regiment and the Fourth North Carolina, of Anderson's brigade, had been previously ordered back up similar duties nearer to Richmond . They were not present at Malvern Hill. These duties being all discharged, and our army receiving orders to return toward Richmond, this brigade, along with the division, returned to its old position near the Williamsburg road.

It affords me pleasure to testify to the general good conduct of the regimental commanders of this brigade throughout these trying scenes. Colonel McRae, absent from Malvern Hill under orders, exhibited his accustomed gallantry and good judgment at Cold Harbor, rendering me material assistance in looking after the left of my line. Colonel Scales, Thirteenth North Carolina was conspicuous for his fine bearing . Seizing the colors of this regiment at a critical moment at Cold Harbor, and advancing to the front, he called upon the Thirteenth to stand to them, thus restoring confidence and keeping his men in position. Colonel Iverson was seriously wounded at an early period while gallantly leading up his regiment to take the battery at the house on the left at Cold Harbor. This movement seems to have been ordered by the division commander. The Twentieth North Carolina, after Colonel [Alfred] Iverson was wounded, was led by Lieutenant . Colonel Franklin J. Faison. It advanced gallantly and took the battery, which it held for ten minutes. The gallant Faison received a mortal wound in the very act of turning one of the captured pieces upon the fleeing foe and breathed out his noble spirit in the moment of victory. He was greatly beloved and his memory will be cherished with veneration and pride.

Having sustained a loss of 70 killed and 202 wounded in this charge, which was temporarily successful, the enemy soon returned in larger force and this regiment, having no supports, retired, under orders from Major [William H.] Toon, to the cover of the wood out of which it had charged.

Colonel [Benjamin O.] Wade, Twelfth North Carolina,conducted his regiment with coolness and discretion.

Colonel Christie, Twenty-third North Carolina, had the misfortune to be wounded in the successful charge at Cold Harbor, while leading his regiment and bearing himself handsomely, when the command of this regiment again fell upon Lieutenant I. J. Young, who had been in command during the absence of Colonel Christie from the effect of his injuries at the Seven Pines. I desire to notice the conduct of Lieutenant Young as worthy of special commendation. He was severely wounded at Malvern Hill while leading the regiment and compelled to retire.

In the absence of three regimental commanders,who led the Thirteenth, Twentieth and Twenty-third North Carolina in the recent engagements, the regimental reports of those commands refrain from the selection of the names of particular officers and men for special gallantry.

Colonel McRae presents the following from the Fifth North Carolina as deserving special mention at Cold Harbor, viz; Major P. J. Sinclair, wounded early and compelled to retire; Lieutenants Riddick, Sprague,

