
At Savage Station, where the regiment arrived at dark, it was ordered to support the right flank in the woods. During the night it marched through the White Oak Swamp.

On the 30th, at noon, when the enemy opened fire, the regiment was ordered to White Oak Swamp Hill for the protection of our batteries. At sunset it had to march to the left for supporting the left wing, under General Heintzelman. Here it took position in the woods in the second line. At 1 o'clock a.m. it marched to Malverton.

On the 1st of July early the brigade was formed in line of battle, the Seventh Regiment on the right flank, to cover our batteries near Nelson's Farm. In the afternoon the regiment was ordered to the front, and remained here until 7 p.m. The regiment kept its position for two hours without any ammunition, and received the order to fall back to Nelson's Farm at 11 o'clock p.m., from where it marched to Harrison's Landing.

G. VON SCHACK,

Colonel Seventh Regiment New York Volunteers.

No. 18. Reports of Colonel Francis C. Barlow,

Sixty-first New York Infantry, of engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. SIXTY-FIRST Regiment NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Near James River, July 3, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on June 30, 1862, the regiment under my command marched with the other regiments of General Caldwell's brigade toward the sound of the enemy's firing at about 6 p.m. On arriving near the front we became separated from the remainder of our brigade in the confusion arising from our troops firing upon each other. I then had the honor to report to Brigadier-General Robinson, of General Kearny's brigade, for orders. By order of General Robinson my regiment was formed in line upon the border of a large field into which our troops were firing and in the rear of a fence which our men were using as a parapet. Having stopped the firing of the other regiments, General Robinson ordered my regiment to advance into the field, which we did bayonets at a charge. By reason of the darkness and thick smoke I am unable to say whether the enemy was occupying the open field or not. I think they were, and that they fell back hastily at our approach, as I found one of their,colors lying upon the ground. It bore the inscriptions "Sevent Pines" and "Fair Oaks" upon it, and I have caused it to be sent to the headquarters of Sumner's corps.

As we approached the woods on the other side of the field the enemy asked from within what regiment we were. My men answering "Sixty firs New York," the enemy shouted, "Throw down your arms, or you are all dead men." We at once opened fire upon them. They were posted just in the edge of the woods. We were very close to them, and their fire severe and fatal. I requested Lieutenant Greenhalgh, of General Berry's staff, who had advanced with us into position, to bring re-enforcements if possible, as no other regiment was in the field. He informed me upon his return that he could bring us none. Having

5 R R-VOL XI, PT II

