
ing but 30. Seven out of 11 field officers fell killed and wounded while leading on their regiments, and of the 7, 4 are dead. To the memory of these the country will give that meed of consideration which is the reward of brave men battling in such a cause as ours.

Three colonels of four, all brave and accomplished officers-Colonel M. S. Stokes, of the First North Carolina; Colonel Gaston Meares, of the Third North Carolina, and Colonel Robert A. Smith, of the Forty-fourth Georgia-have sealed their devotion with their lives. Their conduct on the field was beyond praise, and in their loss their regiments and the service have suffered severely. Major Skinner, of the First North Carolina, died in a like manner. Lieutenant-Colonel McDowell, of the First North Carolina, and Lieutenant-Colonel Estes (the former severely and the latter slightly) were both wounded in the front of the battle. Of the surviving officers, Colonel Gibson and Lieutenant Colonel R. W. Carswell, of the Forty-eighth Georgia, led their regiment in the actions in which it was engaged. Lieutenant-Colonel De Rosset and Captain Thruston, acting field officers of the Third North Carolina, behaved with credit to themselves, and made good, to as full extent as possible, the loss sustained in their gallant colonel. Captain H. A. Brown, of the First North Carolina, rallied the troops of his regiment, with other officers, after all the field officers had been lost, and led the regiment until relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Bynum. Capts. J. W. Beck and Samuel P. Lumpkin, of the Forty-fourth Georgia, marched with the brigade with the fragment of the regiment on the 27th and served through the subsequent actions. But 179 of this regiment were unhurt at the action at Ellison's Mill of those who entered.

I was attended during the engagements by my staff, Captain Leo D. Walker, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant F. G. Ravenel, aide-de-camp. Lieutenant Ravenel, after behaving with most distinguished gallantry at Ellison's Mill and Cold Harbor, was killed while leading on the troops of the right of the brigade, in the every front, at the battle of Malvern Hill. Of all who have fallen during this series of engagements none braver have sealed their devotion to our cause. Major Mitchell, brigade commissary, was also on the field and rendered valuable services.

In conclusion I beg to remark that the troops of this brigade, arriving at Richmond just after the battle of Seven Pines, were ordered immediately to the front, and performed picket and outpost duty, with slight intermission, until the march toward Mechanicsville. Two of the regiments, the First and Third North Carolina, had been some time in service but in an action. The Forty-fourth and Forty-eighth Georgia were new troops, and it is perhaps to be regretted, as the whole were brigaded for the first time, that some more opportunity could not have been afforded for perfecting their organization and discipline as a brigade. Nevertheless, the mass of the troops did their duty well, and although there were exceptions, from respect to those gallant officers and men who upheld bravely the honor to their flag, those who strayed from the field of duty I leave to their own consciences and the condemnation of their comrades.

I have the honor to inclose a return and lists of the killed and wounded* and the reports of regimental commanders so far as they have been received.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. W. RATCHFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

