
this he had 2 men and 1 horse killed and 3 wounded. We again bivouacked for the night in the position we had fought.

At 3 a. m. of Saturday we were ordered to moved forward to a position at Dr. Gaines' house, where we remained, expecting the enemy's batteries to open on us, until 12 m., when we went forward and took position on the hill overlooking the approach to Grapevine Bridge. Here we remained until 2 a. m. Monday, when we commenced to cross the stream, the bridge over which had been destroyed by the enemy and had to be reconstructed by our men.

We continued the pursuit of the enemy until about 12 or 1 o'clock in the day, when we came up with him at White Oak Swamp. Here he occupied a position on the hill opposite, with twelve pieces in sight. All the batteries of the division and of the reserve, together with some from other divisions, were ordered to the front and engaged the enemy, forcing him to change his position in a very short time, which he did, leaving three of his guns disabled on the field.

Taking up a position to the right of his former one, or having other batteries there, he again opened on us, and the firing continued obstinately, with slight intermissions, until night. In this position the batteries of my battalion were more exposed on account of the nature of the ground, and consequently suffered more than others. I should mention that Colonel Crutchfield was in command on this occasion.

Captain Rhett lost 2 men killed and 3 wounded; also 1 horse killed and 2 wounded. In the three engagements he expended 1,320 rounds. Captain Clark lost 1 man killed and 5 wounded. Two wheels were seriously damaged. Captain Clark at Mechanicsville and White Oak Swamp expended 392 rounds. Lieutenant Fry had 2 men wounded and 3 horses killed and fired 390 rounds of ammunition.

On Tuesday morning, the 1st instant, we were ordered back to Seven Pines to refit, where we remained until Thursday, the 3rd, when we again joined the division below White Oak Swamp, and returned with it to our camp on the Williamsburg road on Thursday, the 10th instant.

It will be seen from this report that Captain Rhett's battery was in three engagements, and the other two, although in but one, were still exposed to the fire of the enemy on another occasion.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the gallantry of the officers and men of the battalion-not only their gallantry on the field, but the cheerful spirit with which they endured the hardships of the eventful week. As a proof of the heroic and dutiful spirit of the men I cite with pride the fact that during the whole time there was not a single straggler from the ranks.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. JONES,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain D. D. PENDLETON, A. A. G., Reserve Artillery.

Numbers 268. Report of Captain A. Burnet Rhett,

South Carolina Battery, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill and engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge.

CAMP NEAR WILLIAMSBURG ROAD, July 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Having received an order on Wednesday, June 25, to report to General Ripley, I immediately did so in person, and received

