
wounds testify, from the enemy, and I fear several volleys were fired into us by a regiment of our own troops in the rear, from which we suffered much.

About 6 p. m. a request came from Captain Brown, commanding First North Carolina, to re-enforce him, as he was hotly pressed. Colonel Meares gave the order to move by the left flank, and led off down the road, followed by myself and about 100 men. About the same time that this movement was made the order was given on the right to fall back, which we did not hear, and which accounts for the small number of men which went with us.

Our gallant colonel had not moved more than 30 paces before he was instantly killed by the fragment of a shell in the head. No more cool, brave, and able officer lived, and his loss to the regiment and his country is irreparable. His body was carried from the field immediately and sent to his family in North Carolina, under charge of Adjt. W. A. Cumming.

Our loss was heavy: Killed, 23; wounded, 112; missing, 7. For a complete list of casualties I would refer to the accompanying papers.

My officers behaved with great coolness and gallantry, and where all acted well and performed their whole duty I can make no distinction.

I am indebted to my senior captain (S. D. Thruston) for valuable advice and assistance, he having acted as field officer from the time that Major Savage was wounded.

We started from camp with 605 enlisted men and 28 commissioned officers, and received additions to the ranks of convalescents from camp of about 40 men.

The men I consider equal to any emergency and they will always be found at their posts.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. DE ROSSET,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third North Carolina Infantry.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Commanding Fifth Brigade, General D. H. Hill's Division.

Numbers 271. Reports of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder,

C. S. Army, commanding Magruder's, McLaws', and D. R. Jones' divisions, of actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Peach Orchard, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, and Malvern Hill, with resulting correspondence.

HEADQUARTERS CENTER, Crew's Farm, July 3, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy was attacked in front and on his left by my command, in support of Brigadier-General Armistead, on the 1st instant, at 5.30 p. m., and that a severe engagement ensued, which darkness put an end to about 9 p. m.

Wright's and Mahone's brigades, which Major-General Huger had sent me, occupied and slept on the field a half mile in front of our line.

The enemy evacuated his position during the night, leaving his dead and many of his wounded on the field.

A considerable quantity of medical stores have fallen into our possession, and some 300 or 400 wounded were left prisoners in our hands.

