
succeeded in communicating with General Caldwell, he sent us the Eighty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, which formed in front of us and opened fire vigorously upon the enemy. I was directed by the staff officer who brought this regiment to assume command of that part of the brigade which was in the open field. We remained in this position for a considerable time, firing vigorously. No re-enforcements came to us.

Perceiving indications that the enemy were in force on our left flank and were preparing to make a vigorous attack. I moved the regiments to the right of the field, nearer the parapet, from which position we were soon withdrawn by General Caldwell. Later in the evening, by order of General Kearny, I formed my regiment, in conjunction with the Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers and the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, both of Caldwell's brigade, inside the parapet, and there remained until withdrawn with the rest of the troops occupying the position.

On account of previous losses I had reduced my regiment to eight companies, one of which was absent on picket and not in the action.

As supports of Hazzard's battery we had been under a heavy artillery fire during the whole day and had marched directly thence of the fight, for which reason I am unable to state exactly what number of men we took into action. There were present 8 officers besides myself, 6 of whom were wounded severely and taken prisoners at the hospital to which they were removed. The horses of myself, Lieutenant Gregory, regimental adjutant, Major McKeen, Colonel Johnson, and Lieutenant Swain, of the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Regiment, were shot under us.

The number of men of my regiment in the action was not more than 225 at they very outside, of which 75 were killed and wounded. Having been engaged several times sine with loss I cannot tell exactly the loss of men in this action, but suppose the proportion of our whole loss which is to be credited to this action to be as I have stated. Company H, First Regiment Berdan's Sharpshooters, Captain Hastings, which had been encamping with my regiment, was in the action us and suffered largely, losing one of its two commissioned officers.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Colonel 61st Regiment N. Y. Vols., Caldwell's Brigadier, Richardson's Div.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Robinson's Brigade, Kearny's Division.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FIRST NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Camp near James River, July 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of June 30, 1862, the regiment under my command was placed in line with Meagher's brigade at White Oak Swamp as a support to Hazzard's and Pettis' batteries, which were hotly engaged with the enemy. We remained in this position nearly all day, exposed at times to a severe artillery fire, which killed 2 and wounded several of the men. During the afternoon a heavy musketry fire commenced on our left, at some distance from us, and about 6 p.m. this regiment, together with the others of this brigade, was moved in the direction of the firing. After a march of some 1 1/2 miles we arrived at the scene of the engagement, and my regiment became separated from the remainder of the brigade

