
great service to me during the action, in charge of the enemy's wounded, the hospital, and public property. Our loss was some 400 killed and wounded, while I estimate that of the enemy to be not less than 3,000 killed and wounded, General Semmes reporting not less than 400 dead in front of his brigade alone.

In this engagement, which was very obstinate and well contested, that brilliant and gallant soldier General Kershaw and his brave South Carolinians were particularly distinguished, and were supported in the most gallant manner both by General Semmes and his brigade and by Colonel Barksdale and the two regiments of Mississippians which were in the action. Captain Kemper was intrepid, tenacious, and skillful in the management of his guns, and the conduct of his officers and men is deserving of the highest commendation.

The dauntless and dashing manner in which Captain Inge, of Colonel Barksdale's staff, discharged his duties under a fire of great severity won my admiration.

My thanks are due to Majors Bryan and Brent, Captain Dickinson, and Lieutenant Phillips, of my staff, for the meritorious and distinguished manner in which they performed their duties during that day. Lieutenants Eustis and Alston, aides-de-camp, discharged their various duties with zeal and gallantry. Major Bloomfield, chief quartermaster, having been sent from the field by General Lee to Richmond on important business, returned in time to render me good service. I was also greatly indebted to Messrs. J. Randolph Bryan and Hugh M. Stanard, volunteer aides, for devoted and gallant services on this as on many previous occasions.

Next morning, Monday, early I received orders from General Lee in person to proceed with my command to the Darbytown road, and a guide was furnished by him to conduct me thither. I promptly put my column to motion and marched some 12 miles to Timberlake's store, on the Darbytown road, where I arrived about 2 p. m. There I received a note from General Lee's headquarters, informing me that he, with General Longstreet, was at the intersection of the New Market, Charles City, and Quaker roads, and inquired how far I had progressed en route to that point. (See inclosure Numbers 2.)

Soon after I received a communication, also from General Lee, through Major Bloomfield, directing me to halt and rest my men, but to be ready to move at any time.

In obedience to this order my command remained at this place until about 4.30 p. m., when I received an order from General Longstreet to go with my command to the aid of General Holmes, on the New Market road. The owner of the farm at New Market, who was present at Timberlake's store, made an offer, which was accepted, to point out a short route to New Market not practicable for artillery. The troops were instantly put in motion; the artillery, escorted by Semmes' brigade, proceeded by the Darbytown road, the infantry by the shorter one to New Market.

After the column had marched I received another order from General Longstreet directing me to send the infantry by the shortest route and to depend upon him for artillery. (See inclosure Numbers 3.) This plan, having been already substantially adopted, was adhered to.

Soon after a courier informed me that Colonel Chilton wished to see me in front, on the Darbytown road, and that he was sent to conduct me to him. I immediately galloped off with him, and found Colonel Chilton near the intersection of the Darbytown and New Bridge roads. He asked me where my command was, and after informing him what dis-

