
greater distance from Richmond and to relinquish a healthy and commanding position, which he has since attempted in vain to retake.

Notwithstanding the strength of the enemy's position, his great numerical superiority, and the difficulty of reaching him, our loss in killed and wounded will compare favorably, in proportion to the number engaged, with that sustained in most of the previous engagements near Richmond. It will not exceed, I think, 2,900 killed and wounded out of a force of 26,000 or 28,000 under my orders engaged and under fire, while the loss of the enemy I estimated at between 6,000 and 7,000 from the fire of my troops alone.

There was no infantry attack by General Holmes on my right, as far as I can learn.

The reports of the officers commanding on my left will doubtless make known their operations.

The officers and men under my command fought generally with the greatest heroism and devotion, and though some confusion arose from the great distance which had to be traversed, the narrowness of the field, and the extreme severity of the enemy's fire, there were no evidences of panic, and the men were easily rallied and led to the field.

My command of three divisions, being separated from the wagons, had been almost constantly marching from Sunday morning until Tuesday evening without tents, sleep, and without food, it being deemed by me imprudent to block up a narrow road with a wagon train. They were ordered, after the battle was over, by their respective commanders, to the position from which they went into action to obtain supplies of food and water.

The officers and men composing Jones' division deserve special commendation for the faithful and fearless manner in which they performed their perilous duties at the stations known as Garnett's and Price's farms, and for their impetuous gallantry as displayed in the actions of June 27 and 28, opposite Golding's farm. In the brigade commanded by the gallant General Semmes, Cols. T. P. August and A. Cumming, Fifteenth Virginia and Tenth Georgia Regiments, and Lieutenant Colonel E. Waggaman, of the Tenth Louisiana, were particularly distinguished, the two former being wounded and the last taken prisoner. In reference to the other highly meritorious officers of the line I beg leave to refer to the inclosed paper, marked Numbers 12 (see inclosure Numbers 12), containing the names of those who are specially noticed in the reports of the division, brigade, and regimental commanders.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of the brigades attacking in front: Brigadier General William Mahone, commanding the Second Brigade, Virginia Volunteers; General A. R. Wright, Third Brigade (both of Huger's division); Colonel William Barksdale, commanding Third Mississippi Brigade, of Magruder's division; Colonel J. T. Norwood, Second Louisiana Regiment, mortally wounded, commanding three regiments, Cobb's brigade, Magruder's division; Major R. W. Ashton, of the same regiment, who fell heroically bearing the colors of his regiment to the front; Colonel Henry A. Dowd, Fifteenth North Carolina; Colonel Goode Bryan, Sixteenth Georgia, Cobb's brigade, who had been relieved from picket duty, and led his regiment gallantly into the thickest of the fight with the coolness and ability which characterized the well-trained soldier; Colonels Holder and Thomas M. Griffin and Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Brandon, of the Third Mississippi Brigade, who were all severely wounded while gallantly leading their regiments into action; also Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Carter, Thirteenth Mississippi, who was borne from the field wounded, and Lieutenant Cols. John C. Fiser and W. H. Luse,

