
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]*

JUNE 28, 1862.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

SIR: My line is formed to the left and somewhat to the front of General Cobb. The enemy seem to be in large force in front of my right, and are or have moved a little to their right. I do not think it prudent for me to attack him with my small force, unless there be a simultaneous attack all along our lines. I will keep a good lookout on my left. I had hoped that Jackson would have co-operated with me on my left, but he sends me word that he cannot, as he has other important duty to perform.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. R. JONES,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

-----

--, 1862.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

I have joined General Longstreet at the intersection of the New Market, Charles City, and Quaker roads, and wish to know how far you have progressed en route to this point.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Major-General MAGRUDER:

GENERAL: I sent my aide and guide some time ago to take you by the nearest route to New Market road and by going down that road to join General Holmes in front of that. Please hurry as much as possible. General Holmes has been expecting you a long time and is in much need of you.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Major-General.

P. S.-If you cannot get your artillery leave it, and sent to me from New Market for such as you want. If you have not the guide, move the troops by General A. P. Hill's, and take the right hand after getting into this.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Testimony of S. B. Sweeney.

I am an enlisted man, member of Henrico Southern Guards; was a citizen of Henrico County; am twenty-three years of age; was born and raised, and was at the time of entering the service living at Sweeney's Tavern, about 13 miles from Richmond, and in the vicinity of Malvern Hill, and near the Quaker road; know the country intimately, having frequently hunted every foot of ground in that vicinity.

---------------

*Inclosure Nos. 1-5, 7, 8, and 12 were submitted with original report; Nos. 6 and 11 transmitted to Adjutant and Inspector General's Office for file September 9, 1862; Nos. 9, 10, and 13-26 added in War Records Office.

---------------

