
I testify that when ordered to conduct Major-General Magruder into the Quaker road, on the morning of July 1, 1862, I did so conduct his forces, leading him into what I had always and do still believe to be the Quaker road, being a road about 2 miles in length, leaving the Long Bridge road to the right about 300 yards above Mr. Nathan Enroughty's gate, and entering the Charles City River road at Tilghman's gate, about one-half mile below Sweeney's Tavern.

I further testify that the road into which I conducted Major-General Magruder's forces on the morning of July 1, 1862, is not only regarded by me as the Quaker road, but by other persons raised and living in that neighborhood, and is the only road known and regarded as such.

I furthermore testify that I was detailed from my company to report as a guide to Major-General Magruder.

S. B. SWEENEY.

Personally appeared before me, R. H. Nelson, a justice of the peace for Henrico County, S. B. Sweeney, who made oath that the above certificate, signed by him, is correct.

Witness my hand and seal this 22nd day of July, 1862.

R. H. NELSON,

Justice of the Peace.

Testimony of L. T. Gatewood.

I am an enlisted men, member of Henrico Southern Guards; was a resident of Henrico County; was detailed to report on morning of July 1, 1862, as a guide to Major-General Magruder; did so report, and was with him on that morning.

I testify that when on the point of starting with his forces for the Quaker road, with S. B. Sweeney as a guide, Major-General Magruder interrogated me as to the position of the Quaker road. I told him that it left the Long Bridge road to the right just above Nathan Enroughty's gate, and ran diagonally across to the Charles City River road, and that I indicated to him the same road as that along which he was afterward conducted by S. B. Sweeney.

I further testify that I do now and have always believed the road into which Major-General Magruder was conducted to be the Quaker road, and that this is the only road in that neighborhood regarded as such.

L. T. GATEWOOD.

Personally appeared before me, R. H. Nelson, a justice of the peace for Henrico County, Liston T. Gatewood, who made oath that the above certificate, signed by him, is correct and true.

As witness my hand and seal this 22nd day of July, 1862.

R. H. NELSON,

Justice of the Peace.

Testimony of Charles Watkins.

I was a resident of Henrico County, living near the Quaker road; am an enlisted man, member of the Henrico Southern Guards, Fifteenth Virginia Regiment; was detailed from my company to report, on the morning of July 1, 1862, to Major-General Magruder as a guide; did so report, and was with him on that morning. I know the country in the vicinity of Malvern Hill intimately. Was present when Major-General

