
Magruder interrogated L. T. Gatewood in regard to the locality of the Quaker road. Heard L. T. Gatewood reply, and knowing it to be correct, made no remark.

I further testify that I do now and have always believed the road into which Major-General Magruder was conducted by S. B. Sweeney to be the Quaker road, and that this is the only road regarded as the Quaker road by persons living in that neighborhood.

C. WATKINS.

Personally appeared before me, R. H. Nelson, a justice of the peace for Henrico County, C. Watkins, who made oath that the above certificate, to which his name is affixed, is correct and true.

Witness my hand and seal this 23rd day of July, 1862.

R. H. NELSON,

Justice of the Peace.

Testimony of Mr. J. W. Binford.

I was until recently, and have been for thirty years, a resident of Henrico County, living very near Malvern Hill; have always known S. B. Sweeney. I testify that he was raised at Sweeney's Tavern, about 13 miles below Richmond, on the Charles City River orad; is a reliable young man, and that he is thoroughly acquainted with the surrounding country in the vicinity of that place and through which the Quaker road passes.

I further testify that in my belief he is the best guide that could have been procured, and that the road on which Mr. Sweeney says he conducted Major-General Magruder on the morning of July 1, 1862, is universally regarded by the oldest inhabitants to be the Quaker road, and that this is the only road regarded as such in that region; that the said road, having been of late but little used, has become obscure and is not generally used as a public road; that the road laid down on the county map is not the true Quaker road, but is another and different road, and known as the Willis road.

JAS. W. BINFORD.

Personally appeared before me, R. H. Nelson, a justice of the peace for Henrico County, James W. Binford, who made oath that the above certificate, to which his name is affixed, is correct and true.

Witness my hand and seal this 24th day of July, 1862.

R. H. NELSON,

Justice of the Peace.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

JULY 1, 1862.

General MAGRUDER:

Batteries have been established to take the enemy's lines. If it is broken, as is probable, Armistead, who can witness the effect of the fire, has been ordered to charge with a yell. Do the same.

By order of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

General Lee expects you to advance rapidly. He says it is reported

