
the enemy is getting off. Press forward your whole line and follow up Armistead's successes. I will have Mahone's brigade in the place just occupied by Colonel Anderson. Ransom's brigade has gone on to re-enforce General Cobb. Mr. Logan delivered you my message, I presume.

Yours, respectfully,

A. G. DICKINSON,

Captain, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]

JULY 1, 1862-5. 45 p. m.

General MAGRUDER:

DEAR SIR: General Huger is present, and directed me to say that neither he nor I know where the battery on our left is, and also that any order to officers or troops in his (General Huger's) command must pass through him.

Respectfully,

R. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

JULY 1, 1862.

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you press the enemy's right. McLaws is going in fresh.

By order General Lee:

-----

-----

.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

CAMP NEAR RICHMOND, VA., July 23, 1862.

General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I take pleasure in communicating to you what I casually remarked to a mutual friend and was by him repeated to you. Accompanying General Stuart with my cavalry battalion during the late succession of battles and victories around Richmond, it was my fortune to be close upon the heels of our retreating foe after more than one engagement.

After the battle of Tuesday, the 1st, it was remarked, both by my officers and myself, that there were greater evidences of confusion and rout in the enemy's retreat than we had previously noticed. I refer to the large number of arms and equipments thrown away in the woods and fields at some distance from the battle-field, the number of wagons and ambulances abandoned in the road, the quantity of ammunition thrown away, &c.

In confirmation of this opinion an intelligent citizen (Mr. Haxall), living near Shirley, at whose house several of the Federal generals had their headquarters (Generals Couch and Cooke I remember), informed me that the Federal officers never acknowledged that they were defeated and retreating until after the engagement of Tuesday, and that then one of them was free in making the confession.

It is proper to state that the cavalry was not in the vicinity of the battle-field of Monday, 30th.

