
more or less violence during the whole day. We lost several men by this fire. On the morning of this day the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers was consolidated wit the regiment under my command, and the whole put under my command. This consolidation still continues.

About 5 p.m., July 1, the whole brigade was moved to the support of General Couch's division, and was again subjected to a violent fire of artillery. About 6 p.m. the Sixty-first and Eighty-first Regiments consolidated were sent into action, and engaged the enemy's infantry on the extreme right of General Couch's line. The enemy were posted in the edge of a wood and our line was in the open field. The Seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, of this brigade, subsequently took the place of a regiment which had been withdrawn on our left. We remained in this position until all other regiments in the vicinity were withdrawn except the Third Regiment, Excelsior Brigade. At about 11 p.m. we were withdrawn to camp, and the next morning marched to this place. Lieutenant-Colonel Conner, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was shot dead in this fight. Both the Sixty-first and Eighty-first Regiments behaved with great gallantry and steadiness in both infantry engagements and under all the artillery fire to which they were exposed. Their steadiness and resolution in the infantry engagement of Tuesday evening I do not believe could be surpassed by any troops, for nothing of the qualities which make men efficient soldiers could be possessed or exhibited by any men beyond what they showed.

Of the officers of the Eighty-first Regiment I desire especially to praise and commend the coolness and good conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Conner, Major McKeen, and Lieutenant Swain, regimental adjutant. Being entirely unacquainted with the other officers of this regiment even by name, I am compelled to pass over without mention the good conduct of several others which came under my notice, as I have no means of identifying the officers whom I noticed on the field. Of my own regiment all that can be said of a brave and good soldier should be said of Captain Broady. Captain Mount also deserves much praise. Lieutenant Gregory, adjutant, behaved most gallantly, and rendered most efficient service in urging on the men. His horse, and also the horses of myself and Colonel Johnson, Major McKeen, and Lieutenant Swain, adjutant-the last three officers all of the Eighty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers - were shot under them.

If I may be permitted to speak of an officer not under my own command I desire to speak in terms of admiration of the good behavior of Captain N. A. Miles, acting assistant adjutant-general, on the staff of General Caldwell. Captain Miles sought us out on Monday night, and in person brought us re-enforcements when under heavy fire. On Tuesday night he came repeatedly down into the field to look after our welfare, and finally by much exertion succeeded in bringing down to our assistance a piece of artillery, which by a fire of grape succeeded in checking the fire of the enemy. I feel that both regiments under my command are much indebted to Captain Miles.

Company H, First Regiment Berdan's Sharpshooters, Captain Hastings, which had been temporarily encamping near us, gallantly volunteered to go into the action of Monday with us, and did good service. Captain Hastings behaved very bravely, and after our loss of officers I put him in command of part of my regiment.

During the fight of Monday night Lieutenant Peet, of this company, was mortally wounded and taken prisoners. From my knowledge of

