
troops (I think Ransom's brigade) on Saturday morning from the south to the north side; but that, finding the bridge, on the approach to it, difficult, they came down and crossed at New Bridge the same morning. My statement in regard to these bridges was not intended as a criticism on General Lee's plan, but to show the position of the troops, with a view to the proper understanding of my report, and to prove that the enemy might have reasonably entertained a design, after concentrating his troops, to march on Richmond.

Remark Numbers 2.-I learn since making my report, from Major-General Huger, that he was ordered to move on Sunday by the Charles City road, and not by the Williamsburg road, as I then understood. He informed me also, however, that the two brigades sent at my request down the Williamsburg road did not delay his operations against the enemy, as they reached the rest of his command sent on the Charles City road before they were engaged with the enemy.

The same statement applies to remark Numbers 3.

Remark Numbers 4.-The mistake alluded to by General Lee in this remark originated from an order from the latter to General Jackson. I was not advised of the error in this case until about dark on the same day, near the close of the action at Savage Station. I had nothing to do with the mistake or error, however, as I gave no orders to General Jackson, who ranked me.

Remark Numbers 6.-I made no claim in my report to any participation in General Longstreet's fight on Monday evening, but merely obeyed orders in relieving General Longstreet's troops on his battle-field. Colonel Goode Bryan, of the Sixteenth Georgia Regiment, reported to me, however, that the enemy was just in front of that position at 3.30 o'clock on Tuesday morning.

Remark Numbers 7.-This seems to require no explanation. I reported the order from Colonel Chilton as one of the series directing the attack. This order was obeyed, as were all the others.

The above is respectfully submitted as a part of my report.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 12.]

A list of officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates reported by their respective division, brigade, and regimental commanders as having distinguished themselves in the battles around Richmond, under command of Major-General Magruder, and not mentioned in the body of his report.

MAJOR-GENERAL M'LAWS' DIVISION.

Staff.-Major Goggin, acting adjutant and inspector-general; Captain King and Lieutenant Tucker, aides-de-camp; Major McLaws, chief quartermaster, and Major Edwards, chief commissary.

Brigadier-General Kershaw's brigade.

Staff.-Captain C. R. Holmes, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant A. E. Doby, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant W. M. Dwight, acting adjutant and inspector general, and Mr. J. A. Myers, acting aide-de-camp.

Colonel Henagan, Eighth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers; Colonel Kennedy, Lieutenant-Colonel Goodwyn, and Major Gaillard, Second Regiment South Carolina Volunteers; Colonel Nance and Major

