
Concerning his condition in reference to intoxication, I can say most positively that if he was under the influence of liquor I failed entirely to see it, and from my knowledge of his usual appearance and manner (having been in his command for eight months and seeing him very frequently during that time), had he been laboring under such influences I must have noticed it. I saw him again in the vicinity of the battle-field after the engagement was over (at a house just in the rear) and spent some little time with him there, and with General Cobb and Colonel Bryan (Sixteenth Georgia) assisted him in deciphering a badly-written order by candle-light, and noticed his calm deportment then, and am positive, as far as my judgment goes, that he had not even taken a drink-most certainly was not the least excited from any cause.

From what I saw of him during the battle he seemed vigilant and energetic and prepared to execute any order with promptness and to have a full appreciation of the responsibilities of his position.

E. J. ELDRIDGE,

Surgeon Sixteenth Georgia Regiment.

[Inclosure Numbers 14.]
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, ANDERSON'S DIVISION, August 8, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I am very sorry that the language used in my report is not sufficiently explicit to be understood. I could not have meant that I was to attack upon the right, center, and left, when it was stated that, supported by General Mahone, I was to attack upon the right. A simultaneous move was to be made upon the center and left.

If I am not greatly mistaken General Anderson's brigade, supported by another, which I do not now recollect, was to attack upon the center, and General Ransom's brigade, supported, I think, by Olmstead's [Armistead's] brigade, was to attack upon the left. This was the disposition of your force for the attack that I heard dictated by yourself and reduced to writing and made out by one of your staff.

I was only called upon to report my own and the action of my brigade, and did not think it appropriate or proper that I should make a report of any other movements except such as were necessarily connected with my own.

I am very glad to find that our loss on that day is less than it was thought to be. I knew the enemy's loss was very severe. All night long he had large parties with lanterns picking up his wounded and dead. These came within a very few paces of my position, and I could ascertain by the lights they bore and their conversation that they were engaged in removing their killed and wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. R. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Since writing the above I perceive that my report says I was ordered to attack the "enemy's right." This is a mistake of my clerk, who copied my report. The original draught reads, "I was ordered to advance and attack the enemy on our right," &amp;c. This is a serious error in the copy you have, and may be also in the on sent General Huger. I shall take steps to have it corrected.

