
[Inclosure Numbers 15.]
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, ANDERSON'S DIVISION, August 8, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 1st instant, calling my attention to a certain paragraph in my report to you, &c., duly received, and but for indisposition it would more promptly have had my attention. I remember very well when General Barksdale, with one regiment, came to our support, as I do also the appearance of troops from the front shortly after our forces (General Wright's and my own) had entered the engagement. But it is not my prerogative to discuss the operations of the troops, even if they had all fallen under my own eye. I mean to reflection by this allusion. I am glad you have called my attention to this point in my report, for I do not desire to be understood as you conclude the cursory reader would infer. I prefer and ask as a matter of gratification to my paragraph [sic] down to the word "here," so that it will then begin and read as follows: "Here for about two hours the fire and fury of battle raged with great obstinacy," &c. I would be glad to have this alteration made in the report or any copy of it you have sent forward to General Lee.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,WILLIAM MAHONE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 16.]

R. S. Sweeney testified as follows:

That he was a citizen of Henrico County; born and raised at Sweeney's Tavern, on the Charles City River road, in the vicinity of the Quaker road; that he knew the country in that neighborhood intimately; had hunted over every foot of ground in the vicinity of Sweeney's Tavern; that when ordered by General Lee to lead Major-General Magruder's forces into the Quaker road he did so lead them into what he had always regarded as the Quaker road, and what was commonly known as and called the Quaker road by persons living in that neighborhood to this day; that this was the only road known by the citizens of the country as the Quaker road; that this road connects the Long Bridge road with the Charles City River road, leaving the former near Nathan Darby's [Enroughty's] gate and entering the latter near the gate of Curl's Neck farm.

[Indorsement.]

The certificate of R. S. Sweeney having been boxed up, I certify that the above is a correct version of R. S. Sweeney's statement.

A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 17.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 2, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER:

GENERAL: The reports of the operations of Generals Longstreet's and A. P. Hill's divisions in the late battles have not yet been sent to

