
me. My recollection is that General Longstreet did send you some brigades on Tuesday evening. General A. P. Hill is not here, being with his division at Gordonsville. I will, however, refer your letter to General Longstreet, who was the superior in command of both divisions, and can give the requisite information, no doubt, of the operations of both on the evening of the battle near Malvern Heights.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 18.]

JUNE 19, 1862.

Major HENRY BRYAN:

MAJOR: I think that I sent yesterday by mistake General Magruder's note back to him, instead of my reply to it. If so, tell the general that I am truly sorry for it. His note embodied setiments from which I entirely dissented, but the kind and gentlemanly character of his letter called for a similar reply. Will you be kind enough to let me know where McLaws stays? Where is his own tent? I believe that I know the position of his troops.

Yours, truly,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 19.]

JUNE 28, 1862.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

My second note. Seems first was error, the men turning out to be your own. The possession of that point would seem to liberate all the forces to his left, guarding Garnett's plateau. They can be used in driving the enemy from his other positions. We shall proceed on this side. How far [does] his right extend up the Chickahominy? Jackson's division is at Grapevine Bridge; Ewell sent to Dispatch Station. I will communicate whenever I can discover anything of importance; you do the same, and operate on the principle before established-to hold your lines at all hazards, defending the approaches to Richmond, moving against the enemy whenever you can do so to advantage.

By order of General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 20.]

GENERAL: General Jackson writes at 11 p. m. that he is working at the bridge, and would attempt an advance at once if the bridge were passable. The enemy must have withdrawn the battery mentioned by General Jackson this morning. General Stuart is near White House, and says that everything there was burned last night; the enemy before him.

Captain White reports to General Ewell that the enemy near Bottom's Bridge are throwing up a redoubt on the left of the Williamsburg road on this side. General Ewell is at Dispatch [Station], and reports that the enemy has one field work on railroad bridge and a battery on railroad. This is the substance of General Jackson's dispatch.

C. MARSHALL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

