
[Inclosure Numbers 21.]

JULY 1, 1862.

General HUGER:

The major-general desires that you will immediately put your division which was not engaged on Armistead's left, as Magruder requires re-enforcements.

By order General Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 22.]

JULY 1, 1862-Night.

General R. E. LEE, Commanding:

The men in the fight are so entirely disorganized, arising principally from the darkness, that not an organized body exists. Pickets are absolutely necessary. General Wright writes that the battle-field is in our possession and the enemy is leaving, but says, "For God's sake relieve us." This must be done at once by fresh troops. Ours have not hand a morsel to eat for more than two days. General Longstreet, whom I believed last night, ought to send a division to hold the field, place pickets, and hold the woods. We may reap the fruits of our devotion yet if this is done. I send a courier, who will lead it to the battle-field.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, &c.

[Inclosure Numbers 23.]

JULY 1, 1862.

GENERAL: No troops to re-enforce you with unless Huger's division has not been in, [in] which case you will call upon him to ascertain his position. He is ordered to take position to the left of Armistead. You must communicate on your left with Jackson, stating your condition for concert of action.

Respectfully,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 24.]

GENERAL: I am still on the battle-field with General Mahone. The enemy are rapidly leaving. Their infantry and artillery have been passing off for more than two hours. My brigade is cut up and completely scattered; I have few left, who are with me. We could not take the batteries. General Mahone is with me with a portion (very small) of his brigade, his having suffered and been cut up. I have also one regiment (Forty-ninth, Colonel Ramseur) of North Carolina troops, General Ransom's brigade; these are all the forces here. A great many wounded are here. General Mahone and myself are about to put out pickets, but for God's sake relieve us soon and let us collect our brigades.

A true copy of letter written by General Wright from the battle-field Tuesday night, July 1, 1862.

A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

