
[Inclosure Numbers 25.]

General Ransom will charge the battery on the left. General Wright, supported by General Mahone, will charge the battery on the right.

Brigadier-General Jones, with Generals Anderson's and Toombs' brigades, will charge the battery on the front. General Armistead will hold the front and support the batteries.

By order of Major-General Magruder:

J. R. BRYAN,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 26.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 29, 1862.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I regret much that you have made so little progress to-day in the pursuit of the enemy. In order to reap the fruits of our victory the pursuit should be most vigorous. I must urge you, then, again to press on his rear rapidly and steadily. We must lose no more time or he will escape us entirely.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S.-Since the above was written I learn from Major Taylor that you are under the impression that General Jackson has been ordered not to support you. On the contrary, he has been directed to do so, and to push the pursuit vigorously.

FAIRFIELD, NEAR RICHMOND, VA., August 13, 1862.

His Excellency JEFF. DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Having learned during a personal interview with you the grounds of my recall (I hope temporarily) from my late command, the Trans-Mississippi Department, I have the honor to transmit through the honorable Secretary of War a report of the part borne by my command in the late operations about Richmond, with certified copies of orders under which I acted. I duplicate has been sent General Lee.

As my detention has given rise to many unfounded rumors, I cannot but entertain the hope, if my report be satisfactory, that I may be restored to the same command, this being the speediest way to repair injustice, should any, in your judgment, have been done me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, &c.

FAIRFIELD RACE-COURSE, August 16, 1862.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: I have just seen Major-General Huger, who informed me that I was mistaken in supposing his instructions were on Sunday to march down the Williamsburg road.

