
I was under that belief from the beginning, but must have been mistaken, I suppose; at all events, as I determined to wait for Jackson's co-operation, this misunderstanding produced no serious delay, and I am glad to learn from General Huger, who is present as I write this, that his movements down the Williamsburg road with two of his brigades on Sunday did not delay the progress of his troops on the Charles City road, as the brigades from the Williamsburg road came up in time with those which had marched without delay on the Charles City road.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General.

Numbers 272. Report of Brigadier General David R. Jones,

C. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations June 27-July 1, including the battle of Gaines' Mill, actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Fair Oaks Station (Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm), and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Harrison's House, July 28, 1862.

I have the honor to inclose herewith my own and the reports of brigade and regimental commanders of the part taken by this division in the recent actions, &amp;c., before Richmond Va. My report has been hurriedly prepared, though so long delayed, as for some time past I have been on a court-martial, which has occupied much of my time.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. R. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS D. R. JONES' DIVISION, July 28, 1862.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions I have the honor to make the following report of the movements and engagements of the division under my command from the morning of June 27 to the termination of the action of July 1:

On the morning of the 27th ultimo the Third Brigade, Colonel George T. Anderson commanding, occupied by the works around Mrs. Price's house. The First Brigade, Brigadier-General Toombs commanding, was stationed in rear and east of Mr. James Garnett's house. These positions had been held continuously since the 3rd or 4th of June, and that around Mrs. Price's house strongly fortified by my command under a daily harassing fire from the enemy's batteries.

Early on the 27th ultimo it was observed that the enemy had pushed his picket line into the wheat field in front of Mr. James Garnett's house, and was constructing a line of rifle pits, extending from the old chimneys toward the gate-posts in the farther corner of the field. On his right he had a strong line of pickets thrown out a few yards in advance of regiments drawn up in line of battle immediately in front of General Toombs' right regiment, then posted in a ravine east of the Garnett house. The nature of the positions brought the opposing lines

