
the character of all my officers present, with one or two exceptions, I am sure they behaved nobly, though those above mentioned were the ones whom I happened especially to be brought in contact with in the field.

The loss of the Sixty-first Regiment in all those engagements is 10 killed, 87 wounded, and 20 missing on the battle-field.* Others fell out on the various marches to and from action, and many of them are doubtless prisoners. All who were severely wounded were likewise left to be taken prisoners. Among the missing are the surgeon and adjutant of the regiment, the latter being also wounded.

I have at the present in camp 170 enlisted men, of whom at least 50 are and unfit for duty, many being old chronic cases. The 170 enlisted men includes some 12 drummers and the hospital and quartermaster's attendants. I have on duty 2 captains, 1 lieutenant, quartermaster, assistant surgeon,and chaplain.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Colonel Sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers.

Captain N. A. MILES,

A. A. A. G., Caldwell's Brigade, Richardson Division.

No. 19. Report of Major H. Boyd McKeen,

Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard,or Allen's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of June 29 we received orders to march to Orchard Station. Arriving there, the regiment was ordered to the front to support a battery posted in front of the line of battle. The enemy kept up a severe first, but were silenced by Petti's battery. In the afternoon we were marched to Savage Station, and were formed in the brush fronting the railroad, in the second line of battle; were not engaged. About midnight we again took up our line of march, and at daylight halted. Line of battle was again formed, and the enemy opened a heavy fire from their artillery, during which we had a number wounded. About 5 o'clock we were ordered to the left, and were marched into the woods, and then were marched to support the

Sixty-first New York, posted in an open field. The enemy were posted in a wood about 100 yards from our position. We took up a position in front of the Sixty-first, and continued firing until we had almost expended our ammunition. We were then ordered into the woods. It was here that Colonel Johnson was wounded, Captain Harkness and Captain Conner wounded, Lieutenants Hawk and McKernan wounded, and Lieutenant Abbott killed.

We again took up our line of march, and at daylight July 1 again halted. Line of battle being formed, we were posted along a fence in front of the house used as a hospital. By order of General Caldwell the Sixty-first New York and Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers thrown together and placed under command of Colonel Barlow,

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.24.

---------------

