
they were met with a heavy front and flank fire from several regiments. Unshaken by the odds before them, these companies gallantly held their ground and replied with vigor. The Fifteenth Georgia Regiment, led by the intrepid but now lamented McIntosh, rushed promptly to the support, and the fight was maintained with energy until the enemy's advance was checked and driven back and his firing had entirely ceased.

The two regiments-Ninth Georgia, Colonel [R. A.] Turnipseed, and First Georgia Regulars, Colonel [William J.] Magill-detached by General Magruder's order in the forenoon, advanced into the woods on the left of the Nine-mile road, throwing our skirmishers and meeting a regiment of the enemy. This gallant body of skirmishers drove the enemy from his position through his bivouac, capturing knapsacks, canteens, &amp;c., and only halted when they found themselves under the direct fire of the enemy's batteries and beyond the support of our lines on the right. They then retired on the main body, which retained its position under shelter of the woods until withdrawn at midnight by General Magruder's order.

Saturday, June 28, going to General Magruder's quarters and failing to see him, I dispatched Captain Latrobe, of my staff, to communicate with General Lee, requesting him to assist in a contemplated attack on the enemy in my front by placing a battery of long-range guns so as to enfilade his position from across the Chickahominy. Convinced, from information received and from a personal reconnaissance, that the enemy were about to evacuate, I directed five of the long-range guns attached to my command to open fire from the New Bridge road on the enemy, fortified at or near Golding's house. General Toombs being in advance, I directed him to take advantage of any positive retreat of the enemy by the occupation with his left flank of the redoubt at Golding's, opening therefrom upon the retreating foe. Having ordered Brown's and Moody's batteries into position near the overseer's house and made other necessary dispositions of my command, I went to the batteries on the road to direct their fire and watch its effect. Observing that the enemy retreated in disorder from our fire, I dispatched Captain Thurston, of my staff, to notify General Toombs of his fact and to order Brown's and Moody's batteries to open upon the enemy's lines to his (Toombs') right, and went myself to communicate with General Magruder, on my way to whom Captain Thruston reported to me that upon delivering my message to General Toombs he had been sent by him to order Colonel Anderson to advance to the attack, relying upon him (Toombs) for support, and that Colonel Anderson had at once ordered forward the Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments. Upon hearing this, and meeting General Magruder, I reported it to him, who, in consequence of an order from General Lee, just received through Captain Latrobe, directed me to countermand the movement at once. I dispatched Captain Ford, of my staff, with this order, but not in time to stop the engagement, which had already begun.

The Seventh and Eighth Regiments, with that impetuous valor exhibited on other fields, advanced rapidly on the enemy, facing a hail of grape, canister, and musketry, and driving him from his intrenchments to the edge of the Labor-in-Vain Swamp. Just then, as General Toombs had ordered his regiments to advance in support, the order of recall was received, and the Seventh and Eighth were withdrawn with much loss, leaving the chivalrous Lamar dangerously wounded on the field. (See Anderson's report, inclosed, Numbers 279.)

Sunday, June 29, obedient to orders from General Magruder, I ad-

