
was indefatigable in the discharge of his duties, accompanying Toombs' brigade in its charge on Tuesday.

Major John J. Garnett, my chief of artillery, was most efficient in the discharge of his important duties.

Captain De Laigle, when not necessarily absent in discharge of his duties as division quartermaster, was of much service to me as an aide.

Major Haskell, division commissary, volunteered, with Captain Latrobe, to carry to General Longstreet, across the Chickahominy, information of the position of the enemy on Friday, the 27th, remaining with that general at his suggestion. He fell, dangerously wounded, while leading a regiment to the charge.

Surgeon Barksdale, division surgeon, for the prompt and efficient management of all pertaining to his department, deserves all praise.

The casualties in my command are as follows:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Infantry.	 100	 697	 21	 818

Artillery.	 3	 11

--------

14

Total.	 103	 708	 21	 832

For a detailed list of casualties I refer you to the inclosed report.*

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

D. R. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. G. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 273. Report of Major John J. Garnett,

Chief of Artillery, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Fair Oaks Station (Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm), and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR RICHMOND, VA., July 23, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the artillery attached to your division in the engagements of June 27, 28, and 29, and July 1.

There were attached Captains Moody and Woolfolk to General Toombs' brigade, and Captains Brown and Hart to Colonel Anderson's.

On Friday, June 27, Captain Brown, with two 12-pounder howitzers, was ordered to a position on the crest of a hill rear Mr. James Garnett's house, to try the strength of the enemy near Golding's house.

At 10 o'clock these two pieces opened and drove the enemy from earthworks he was about throwing up some 500 yards in front. No sooner had Captain Brown opened than the enemy replied from several batteries of long-range guns. The two 6-pounder guns of Captain

---------------

*Embodied in returns, pp. 977, 978.

---------------

