
Brown's battery and the six-gun battery of Captain Lane, then temporarily under my command, were ordered to the front. This addition gave me nine guns (one of the howitzers of Captain Brown having been disabled by the wedging of a shell in the bore), replying to a much greater number of superior guns along the enemy's front. After testing fully the enemy's strength, so far as his artillery was concerned, Lieutenant-Colonel Lee, chief of artillery of General Magruder's corps, concluding that the contest was too unequal to be longer continued, ordered the batteries to retire.

In this action Captain Brown lost Corpl. Charles W. Lucas killed, Sergt. G. W. Beard, Privates G. T. Tinder and Benjamin Lucas wounded, and 2 horses so severely wounded that he was compelled to leave them on the field. Captain Lane's battery distinguished itself for the accuracy of its fire and the coolness and courage of the officers and men. His report was made to Lieutenant-Colonel Lee.

On the 28th Captain Brown was ordered to take the same position occupied on the 27th. Captain Moody's battery was ordered to his support. Captain Brown was the first to fire, to whom the enemy did not reply. Soon after, however, when Captain Moody opened, he was replied to by an enfilading battery, unmasked on the right during the previous night, and about two batteries in front. This engagement lasted about two hours, when the batteries were ordered to retire. Captain Brown was again unfortunate in the loss of his gallant second lieutenant (Kerns), who fell nobly doing his duty. Private J. W. Clarke was slightly wounded and 1 horse was killed. Captain Moody's loss consisted of the wounding of Lieutenant Daniel O. Merwin (right arm shattered) and Private Kennedy (wounded in both feet) and 1 horse killed and 3 badly wounded.

On Sunday, 29th, after passing the enemy's intrenchments about three-quarters of a mile, Captain Hart's battery of six guns was placed in position to shell the woods in advance of the line of skirmishers of Colonel Anderson's brigade. The enemy opened a very brisk fire in reply, when I placed Captain Moody's battery in position to the left of the one occupied by Captain Hart, and opened fire upon the enemy through an opening in the woods, where their battery was supposed to be in position. This skirmish was of very short duration.

Captain Moody had 1 private wounded and 1 horse killed and several wounded.

Later in the afternoon of the same day Captains Brown and Hart proceeded to positions near the railroad, where Captain Hart placed his two Blakely guns in position, and did handsome service until the enemy opened a plunging fire upon him from superior guns and superior positions, when he deemed it prudent to retire.

In the two engagements of this day Captain Hart lost-killed, Private Henry F. Cohen; mortally wounded, Daniel M. Shepherd and Charles Schroter; severely wounded, Lieutenant J. Cleveland, Private Porter, and 7 horses killed or rendered unserviceable.

On Monday the batteries moved with the division, and on Tuesday none were engaged, if I except Captain Hart, who was able to fire but a few rounds.

Captain Woolfolk was relieved from duty with General Toombs' brigade on Monday, July 30, and was engaged only on Friday, 27th, when he behaved very handsomely and his battery did excellent service.

In concluding this report I cannot commend too highly the conduct of the officers and men, who, when under the terrible fire of the enemy's

