
batteries at Garnett's farm and at the railroad, showed that calmness and intrepidity characteristic of men who won for themselves the hearty "well-done" of their commanders at Manassas Plains. I allude particularly to Captain Brown, of the Wise Artillery. Captain Hart is also entitled to the highest praise, and showed himself to be an accomplished artillerist as well as a gallant soldier.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. GARNETT,

Major and Chief of Arty., First Division, Army of the Potomac.

General D. R. JONES,

Commanding First Division, Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 274. Reports of Brigadier General Robert Toombs,

C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, RIGHT WING, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, In the Field, July 7, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of the following order-

The divisions to your right have been ordered by General Magruder to feel the enemy in their front with strong pickets, and to follow up to the utmost any advantage which may offer or success which may ensue. You are ordered to do the same, taking as your signal for advance the commencement of the movement on your right-

I placed my brigade in position to be ready to advance whenever the signal should be given.

At a few moments past 7 p. m. June 27 a heavy firing was heard on my right and within the points indicated by the order, leaving no doubt that troops on the right had met and engaged the enemy. I immediately ordered Colonel [Edgar M.] Butt, with seven companies of the Second Georgia (about 250 muskets), to advance and take position in the ravine in front and to the left of James Gaines' [Garnett's] house, immediately in rear of my advanced pickets. He had not finished deploying his line before the enemy (whose pickets being in sight discovered the movement) opened a very heavy fire upon him from three regiments. It was returned with great gallantry and effect by Colonel Butt's command, aided by the pickets, for half an hour, when the enemy re-enforced his line by a large force, equal at least to a brigade, and brought an additional force both to the right and left flank of Colonel Butt's position. I then ordered forward the Fifteenth Georgia, Colonel [W. M.] McIntosh, to Colonel Butt's support in the ravine, and ordered the Seventeenth Georgia, Colonel [Henry L.] Benning, on the left flank, and Colonel [J. B.] Cumming, of the Twentieth Georgia, on the right flank. The action now raged with great violence for an hour and a half, the enemy exhibiting a determined purpose to drive us out of the position in the ravine; but finding themselves incapable of wrenching it from the heroic grasp of the Second and Fifteenth Georgia Volunteers, were driven back and repulsed after two hours of fierce and determined conflict. Nothing could exceed the courage and good conduct of the two regiments mainly engaged. The Second lost in killed and wounded

