
about one-half of the men carried into action; the Fifteenth went in to their support under a severe and galling fire within 80 yards of their front, and gallantly sustained the action until the enemy were repulsed, losing 71 men out of about 300 carried into action, including their chivalrous colonel, McIntosh, mortally wounded; Captain Burch and Lieutenant Tilley, killed in action; and many other valuable officers and men of both regiments were either killed or wounded, a detailed statement of whom has heretofore been sent in, and, if practicable, will be attached to this report.

The Seventeenth and Twentieth Regiments both acted with great promptness and firmness, and maintained their positions, protecting my flanks during the action. Just before the conclusion of the battle I apprehended that an additional regiment would be needed to hold the ravine (which I was ordered to hold on any terms), and sent for the Seventh Georgia Regiment, belonging to Colonel Anderson's brigade, which was posted on my right, supporting a battery. They promptly obeyed the order and came at double-quick time and with a cheer to the support of their comrades, and took position in the rear of the Twentieth, which regiment I intended to send forward in case of need, holding the Seventh to support the right flank, but before any change was made the enemy were repulsed and the battle was over.

I am not able to this time, from the circumstances under which this report is made, to refer particularly to minute events or individual instances of good conduct, of which there were many, but I can say with the utmost candor that the conduct of the whole brigade, without an individual exception as far as I know, was excellent, and that of the Second and Fifteenth, more actively engaged, was brilliantly heroic.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TOOMBS,

Brigadier General, First Brigadier, First Div., Army of the Potomac.

Captain A. COWARD,

A. A. G., First Division, Army of the Potomac.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, In the Field, near Westover, July 7, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On Tuesday evening, the 1st instant, in pursuance of orders from Brigadier General D. R. Jones, I marched my brigade and formed it in line of battle on the New Market road immediately in front of the enemy's batteries. Afterward, according to additional orders, I advanced it to a ravine several hundred paces in front, and again advanced it to a position in the woods immediately in front of the enemy's batteries under the immediate direction of General Jones. I was ordered to advance to this last position in support of Colonel Anderson's and General Cobb's brigades in the assault on the batteries, it being at the same time stated to me that other troops would be in advance of these brigades in the assault.

Accordingly I advanced rapidly in line of battle through the dense woods, intersected by ravines, occasionally thick brier patches and other obstructions, guided only by the enemy's fire in keeping the direction, frequently retarded and sometimes broken by troops in front of me, until the command reached the open field on the elevated plateau immediately in front of and in short range of the enemy's guns. Here, coming up with a portion of the troops which I was ordered to support, I

