
Numbers 64.-Captain James Thompson, Battery G, Second U. S. Artillery, of the engagement at Peach Orchard and battle of Glendale.

Numbers 65.-Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 66.-Colonel William L. Brown, Twentieth Indiana Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, of Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 67.-Lieutenant Colonel Elhanon W. Woods, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 68.-Colonel Alexander Hays, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 69.-Captain Calvin A. Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 70.-Brigadier General David B. Birney, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the engagement at Oak Grove, skirmish at Jordon's Ford, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 71.-Colonel Enrico Fardella, One hundred and first New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 72.-Brigadier General Hiram G. Berry U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 73.-Major Louis Dillman, Second Michigan Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 74.-Captain William Humphrey, Second Michigan Infantry, of the battle of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 75.-Lieutenant Colonel Ambrose A. Stevens, Third Michigan Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 76.-Major John D. Fairbanks, Fifth Michigan Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 77.-Colonel Garrett Dyckman, First New York Infantry, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House.

Numbers 78.-Brigadier General Erasmus D. Keyes, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth corps, of operations June 27-July 2.

Numbers 79.-Major Robert M. West, Chief of Artillery, of operations June 28-July 2.

Numbers 80.-Captain Theodore Miller, Battery E, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the defense of Bottom's Bridge, June 25.-29.

Numbers 81.-Captain James Brady, Battery H, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the defense of Bottom's Bridge and the Railroad Bridge over the Chickahominy, Jun 27-29.

Numbers 82.-Lieutenant Valentine H. Stone, Battery M, fifth U. S. Artillery, of the defense of Jone's Bridge, June 29-30.

Numbers 83.-Brigadier General Darius N. Couch, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations June 25-July 1, including skirmish on James River Road and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 84.-Lieutenant William Munk, Battery C, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of skirmish of June 29 on the James River Road.

Numbers 85.-Lieutenant Martin Reichenbacher, Battery C, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of the destruction of Turkey Bridge.

Numbers 86.-Lieutenant Edward Dougherty, Battery D, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, of skirmish June 29 on the James River Road.

Numbers 87.-Brigadier General Albion P. Howe, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 88.-Colonel Thomas A. Rowley, One hundred and second Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations June 30-July 7.

Numbers 89.-Brigadier General John J. Abercrombie, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

