
two men that were able to fire their pieces. All were either killed, wounded, or unable to fire, not being able to load their pieces. Others were out of ammunition. A few, I am told, that were not hurt went off with the wounded men. Of the seven companies, the number of muskets carried into the fight was 271, this being the number reported on that day for duty.

The regiment lost in this engagement 10 killed and 110 wounded, a list of which you will find inclosed.

On July 1, at Malvern Hill, we were placed in line with the other regiments of your brigade. We were to be, I learned, the supporting brigade to Generals Cobb's and Anderson's commands, which occupied positions in front of our line. After marching by the flanks and forward quite a number of times we were brought immediately in front of the battery that we were to charge. The Second Georgia's position was directly in front of the battery, which I thought must be fully three-quarters of a mile distant from the woods we emerged from. Being under the direct fire of the enemy's guns the whole of that distance our brigade moved forward steadily for some distance and in good order, when, owing to some command, the Fifteenth Georgia, being next to our right, got in front of us, masking the whole of the right wing of the Second. The Seventeenth Georgia at the same time crowded upon the Fifteenth Georgia. This crowding caused much confusion. At the time I was 15 or 20 steps in front of our regiment, looking back to see if our regiment was moving on in order. I found myself in front of another regiment, which I was told was the Fifteenth Georgia. I soon saw the mixed condition of troops, that the Fifteenth and Seventeenth, which occupied the line to our right, had by some command been moved to the left, which placed them upon the line we occupied. While in that huddled condition the order was given to march by the left flank, which our regiment performed in good order under a most destructive fire of grape and canister, being under full range of the enemy's guns.

After crossing a fence our regiment was ordered to lie down and wait for support to come up. Soon one of the regiments of Kershaw's brigade came up and moved forward and we ordered as a support; we followed close after them. They moved in order and made a most gallant charge, but were completely checked by the deadly fire from the enemy's battery. Their ranks being torn asunder, they had to fall back, which left our regiment in front without any support. Colonel Butt being wounded at that time, I had to assume command. I ordered our regiment to lie down until we could get a supporting regiment. We were under a most terrific fire of grape, but the men acted with the utmost coolness, not one exhibiting, that I could see, the least fear. We lay under that fire for fully half an hour waiting for some regiment to come up that we might continue our charge to the battery, which was not more than 150 yards in front of us. Word being brought that the enemy was flanking us on our right (immediately afterward these occurred a very heavy fire, which came in upon the rear of our right wing), I ordered the regiment up and gave the command about-face, and marched in order to the rear across a small drain and gave the command halt, but owing to great noise was not heard. I intended to halt and charge front, that I might receive the enemy that (I was told) had flanked us. I was in front of the regiment at the time I ordered them to about-face, which placed me in the rear in falling back. My order to halt went unheeded. The regiment continued to move off to the rear, which I think was fortunate, as when [we were] alone

