
and could effect nothing in the position we occupied. Had the regiment remained in the position I intended to make a stand for the enemy (that was said to have flanked us) I do not think I would have brought off 50 men, as the enemy had directed an increased fire upon that point.

Our loss in this engagement was 11 killed and 70 wounded, which you will find consolidated with the other list of killed and wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Georgia.

Brigadier-General TOOMBS.

Numbers 276. Report of Colonel William. T. Millican,

Fifteenth Georgia Infantry, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp McIntosh, July 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit through you to the brigadier-general commanding the following official report of the operations of this regiment in the recent actions before Richmond:

On June 26 the regiment (Colonel William M. McIntosh in command), by order of brigadier-general Toombs, occupied the intrenchments on the north side of the Nine-mile road, near Price's house, and remained in that position until about 6 p.m. of June 27, when, by order of General Toombs, the regiment moved to the front near three-quarters of a mile; took position at the edge of a field some 200 yards to the left of a brick house, known as James Garnett's house; sent two companies (Captain John C. Burch, Company F, and Captain Stephen Z. Hearnsberger, Company G) as skirmishers to support the pickets of the Second Georgia and feel the enemy. In a few minutes the firing on both sides became brisk. Soon the enemy's line was re-enforced, and General Toombs ordered Colonel McIntosh with the balance of this command to the support of the skirmishers. We crossed the field at double-quick under a most galling fire from the opposite side of a deep ravine, just beyond which our skirmishers were engaged; crossed the ravine by the right flank and formed line of battle and moved rapidly to the front. The engagement now became general and intensely fierce all along the line and raged till after dark, when the enemy retired and the firing ceased.

Colonel McIntosh, who was at the front and on the most exposed part of the line, gallantly cheering the men on, fell mortally wounded early in the engagement and was borne from the field.

The command then devolved upon me as lieutenant-colonel, and after the dead and wounded (a detailed list of which has already been furnished) were carried from the field the regiment, by order of General Toombs, retired to the rear and rested till daylight on the morning of the 28th, and then moved back to the same point where the previous evening's engagement had taken placed, to the support of the Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments.

The engagement ended with but few casualties in this regiment, which have also been reported in the list of casualties furnished. We bivouacked on the field, and at 3 a.m., June 29, by order of General

