
Toombs, formed line of battle with the entire brigade, and at an early hour entered the enemy's works without much resistance, and moved with the brigade in pursuit of the retreating foe until a late hour at night; bivouacked in the open air.

Early next morning, June 30, took up the line of march and reached the battle-field at Frazier's farm about 11 p.m. and remained on the field until dawn, July 1; then advanced in line of battle, Captain George A. Pace's company (B) being thrown as skirmishers. The advance continued until after 12 m., when I became completely exhausted from fatigue, loss of sleep, and physical weakness, having been in very feeble health for several weeks, and was compelled to leave the command of the regiment for a short time to Major T. J. Smith, who was also very feeble from illness, who led the regiment into the engagement at Malvern Hill. He soon became exhausted and was borne from the field. Captain S. Z. Hearnsberger, the senior captain, assumed the command till the close of the engagement. The list of casualties during this engagement has also been furnished.*

Respectfully, submitted, &amp;c.

W. T. MILLICAN,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

Lieutenant ROBERT GRANT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 227. Reports of Colonel Henry L. Benning,

Seventeenth Georgia Infantry, of the action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Darbytown Road, July 26, 1862.

GENERAL: On June 27 the brigade was near the Garnett house, and about sunset General Toombs ordered me to throw forward a strong body of pickets on the left of his line and to feel the enemy and to follow up vigorously any success that might be met with. At this time the regiment was in line of battle along the fence near Garnett's spring. Accordingly I immediately ordered forward the two flank companies of the regiment-Companies A, under lieutenant Beeland, and K, under Lieutenant Randall, both under Major [J. H.] Pickett- with instructions to carry out the orders of General Toombs to me. The promptly took their place on the left of the line in a wood, and very soon afterward, with other similar parties detached from the Second and Fifteenth Regiments Georgia Volunters, opened fire on the enemy posted in a wood on both sides of the Labor-in-Vain ravine. The fire at once became warm along our whole line. The balls of the enemy came across the picket line engaged in the fight, and wounded a number of that part of the regiment held in reserve near the fence at the Garnett spring. About fifteen minutes after the firing had commenced report was made to you that the enemy in considerable force was about to turn your left flank and cut off the pickets sent from my regiment. You then ordered me to take the reserve companies of the regiment. To that flank and support those pickets and counteract any

---------------

*Embodied in returns, p. 977.

---------------

