
such movement of the enemy. I at once carried them there and formed them in line of battle. It was then dusk and objects were not visible at a distance. We could see no enemy. The firing of our pickets, who were a little in advance of us and a little to our right, continued as brisk as ever. As the darkness thickened, however, the firing gradually lessened and finally ceased.

Every officer and man of the companies under my eye did his duty well, and the same is true (according to the report to me of Major Pickett) of the two companies sent forward under him as pickets.

A list of the casualties has already bee sent up.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY L. BENNING,

Colonel Seventeenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

Brigadier-General TOOMBS.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Darbytown Road, July 26, 1862.

GENERAL: On the 1st of this month you, after much exertion, put your brigade in line of battle chiefly in a wood in front, but rather to the right of what is called Malvern Hill, with General Jones' brigade, Colonel Anderson commanding, in your front and other troops in his front. The position of my regiment was on the right of your line. You instructed me that the duty of your brigade would be to support the troops in its front, and that the duty of my regiment would be to accommodate itself to the movements of the regiment in its front, but that it was not to fire until it received orders to do so. This was near 5 p.m., in my judgment. Shortly afterward the line in our front began to move by the left flank; we followed the example and moved by ours. Marching in this way for, I think, nearly a mile, the line came in front of the position of the enemy, and also got out of the wood into a large field, the back part of which was held by the enemy. Here the march was changed to one to the front; that in a short time brought us under a very heavy fire both of artillery and musketry, grape and shell, splinters and Minie balls flying thick about us and through us, and making gaps in our ranks at every step. The regiment, however, continued to advance in perfect order. After having advance far into the field the order came down the line," March by the left flank." This was obeyed, and while we were thus marching by the flank some regiment behind us, which was marching to the front, cut my regiment in two at the colors, leaving the colors and the front, cut my regiment in two at the colors, leaving the colors and the companies on the left with me, who was at the head of the line, and the right companies with Lieutenant Colonel Wesley C. Hodges. I saw no more of these latter companies until next day. The companies with me continued to march by the flank until they entered the wood on the left of the field. I supposed the object of the order was to get to the wood and advance to the attack from it, so I halted my companies and looked for a good position to advance from which I found, as I thought, in a road running in front of the enemies batteries at the edge of the wood with a fence in its front. Along this road I formed the companies and made them lie down, that as many as possible of the enemy's missiles might over them. It was nearly night. Here we remained awaiting orders, but none came. The fire on both sides

