
slackened and ceased after night-fall, and the companies returned to camp.

Our loss was 5 killed and 31 wounded. A particular list of the casualties has already been forwarded to you.*

The officers and men received the hot fire of the enemy, which they could not return, friends being in front, with great coolness and fortitude.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. BENNING,

Colonel Seventeenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

Numbers 278. Report of Colonel J. B. Cumming,

Twentieth Georgia Infantry, of the actions at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH REGIMENT GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS,July 26, 1862.

GENERAL: Pursuant to orders received this day I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Twentieth Regiment Georgia Volunteers in the recent actions before Richmond:

This regiment was relieved from picket duty at Garnett's farm on the night of the 26th ultimo.

Early next morning we were ordered to occupy and hold the trenches in front of Garnett's farm, where we remained until about 2 p.m., under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, with the loss of 1 man killed and 1 man wounded, losing his left arm. At this time I was ordered to proceed to a skirt of woods on the left of Garnett's farm, in command of the Fifteenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers and my own.

Later in the afternoon (about 6 o'clock) I was ordered to proceed with my regiment to support a battery then briskly engaging the enemy in our front.

We remained in this position nearly an hour, and just before sunset we were ordered by Captain Troup, of your staff, to proceed to within supporting distance of the Second and Fifteenth Regiments Georgia Volunteers, then closely engaged with, and under a heavy fire from, the enemy. We advanced in line of battle to this position, a distance of about a quarter of a mile, through an open field under a heavy fire of musketry. When within about 75 yards in rear of the Second and Fifteenth Regiments I ordered a halt, according to orders, and required the men to lie down. This was immediately on the left of Garnett's house. We remained here under a heavy and continuous fire of infantry for about three-quarters of an hour, when we were ordered forward to occupy the position occupied by the Second and Fifteenth Regiments against overwhelming odds. We held this position until about 3 o'clock next morning, when we were relieved by the Seventeenth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

During the affair of that evening our loss was 1 man killed and 8 wounded.

About 10 a.m. on the 28th ultimo I was ordered to occupy and hold until further orders with my regiment a ravine in a skirt of woods on

---------------

*List shows 2 men killed and 3 wounded at Garnett's farm, and at Malvern Hill 1 officer and 4 men killed and 5 officers and 25 men wounded.

---------------

