
the left of Garnett's house, opposite the redoubts and breastworks of the enemy. As soon as we had crossed the ravine and formed line of battle we were ordered to advance by yourself in person, which we did, and having proceeded 30 or 40 paces, the order was countermanded. We were then ordered by you to hold our position to cover the return of the Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments, as well as to protect the pickets from our own brigade. We remained there about four hours. We lost in this affair 1 man mortally wounded.

The next day, the 29th ultimo, we advanced in line of battle on the enemy's position but found that they had abandoned it. We continued the pursuit of the retreating enemy during the 29th.

On Monday, the 30th ultimo, we were ordered to re-enforce General Longstreet, and made a long march of about 20 miles through the hot sun. Several of my men were overcome by the heat and fatigue of the march. We arrived upon the battle field of that day about midnight and slept upon the field in line of battle.

About 4 a.m. of the 1st instant I was ordered to deploy forward one company as skirmishers. I accordingly deployed Captain E. M. Seago's company (F) as skirmishers in advance of the regiment, which advanced, in connection with your brigade, about 1 mile, when it met with and intersected the skirmishers of General Jackson's corps. From this point, finding no enemy in front, we were ordered back.

About 4 p.m. we advanced in line of battle upon a new position of the enemy into the woods until we were stopped by the First Georgia Regulars in front. We then moved a considerable distance by the right flank and again formed line of battle.

About 5 p.m. we were ordered forward. We advanced about three-quarters of a mile-the greater part of the distance through an open field-under a heavy, deadly, and incessant fire of artillery and infantry, the shot, shell, grape, canister, and balls raining around us like hail. When within a quarter of a mile of the enemy's batteries we were ordered to march by the left flank across a fence to the left, which we did, and then advanced in line of battle until we came to a road within 200 yards of the enemy's batteries and rather to their right flank. We were then halted and kept our position after dark, when the lieutenant-colonel of my regiment came to me twice and told me that the enemy were flanking us. I then ordered the regiment to fall back and form line again; but there was such confusion at that time and it was so dark that it was impossible to form line again for some time.

Our loss in this engagement was 5 killed, 66 wounded, and 4 missing.*

The bloody and trying scenes of these recent actions before Richmond have served to confirm the high opinion I have ever entertained of the patriotism, courage, and efficiency of the officers and soldiers of my command. I cannot refrain, also, general, from expressing the gratification I experienced in witnessing the efficiency and gallantry of Captains Du Bose and Tropu, of your staff, and of Captain Coward, of General Jones' staff.

Respectfully,

J. B. CUMMING,

Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

General ROBERT TOOMBS,

45 R R-VOL XI, PT II

