
Numbers 279. Reports of Colonel George T. Anderson,

Eleventh Georgia Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the action at Garnett's and Golding's Farms, engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,In the Field, July 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report of the action of my brigade in the affair near Garnett's house on Saturday, June 28:

The disposition of the regiments was as follows: The Seventh and Eighth Georgia near the overseer's house; the Eleventh on picket near New Bridge, and the First Georgia Regulars and Ninth Georgia on duty at Mrs. Price's house. It was determined that morning by Brigadier General D. R. Jones, commanding division, to placed some heavy guns in position on the New Bridge road and drive, the enemy from their works near the river if possible, and Brigadier-General Jones was directed to attack the enemy if, in his discretion it could be done without too serious loss to ourselves, and I was to support him, if necessary, with my brigade. The enemy was driven from the works by our batteries on the New Bridge road and by Captain Brown's (Wise Artillery) and Captain Moody's batteries near Garnett's house; and Captain Thurston, of General Jones' staff, was sent to General Toombs to notify him of the fact. From some cause, not understood by me, General Toombs sent Captain Thurston to me to make the attack, and as Captain Thurston was on General Jones staff I supposed the order had been changed, and, expecting to be supported, ordered the Eighth and Seventh Georgia to advance, which they did in most beautiful order and with their usual gallantry, driving the enemy before them over and beyond their works, all the time exposed to a galling fire from artillery and musketry. Satisfied that these two small regiments could not cope successfully with the enemy, I asked General Toombs two or three times to send forward men to support me in the attack; but before this was done an order came from General Magruder to cease the attack, and I recalled the troops.

I cannot express too highly my appreciation of the gallantry and good conduct of all the officers and men of both regiments in this action, in which our loss was very severe, as the list of casualties will show.

The Eighth Georgia led the attack under command of the heroic [L. M.] Lamar and suffered severely. Colonel Lamar was wounded and taken by the enemy, but has been recovered from them; Lieutenant-Colonel John R. Towers and Lieutenant Harper taken prisoners; Major E. F. Magruder seriously wounded; Captain Butler, Lieutenants Montgomery, Williamson, and Blackwell also wounded, and 13 men killed, 63 wounded, 6 missing, and 15 prisoners.

The Seventh Georgia, supported the Eighth. The casualties are- Lieutenant Colonel W. W. White, commanding regiment, seriously wounded; Captain Hicks wounded, and 7 men killed, 60 wounded, and 8 missing.

I am satisfied that if I had been able to bring my whole brigade into action or been property supported the whole of that part of the enemy's works would have been taken and held. A prisoner taken next morning reports the enemy's loss to have been about equal to ours.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. COWARD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

