HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Richmond, Va., July 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the report of the action of my brigade in the series of battles from June 29 to July 1, inclusive, the report of the action of the Seventh and Eighth Georgia on the 29th having been already forwarded:

Early on Sunday morning I was ordered to march in pursuit of the retreating enemy, and having soon formed my brigade, moved through the deserted camps and works of the enemy near Garnett's farm.

The First Georgia Regulars, Colonel W. J. Magill commanding were deployed as skirmishers, and the Seventh Georgia Regiment, Major E. W. Hoyle commanding, in support. The Eighth Georgia, Captain George O. Dawson; Ninth Georgia, Colonel R. A. Turnipseed, and Eleventh Georgia, Lieutenant Colonel William Luffman commanding were formed in line of battle, and in this order we set out in search of the enemy. After marching some distance the First Georgia came up with the foe and opened fire upon them, receiving in return a heavy fire from artillery and musketry, losing several men killed and wounded; but offices and men, I am proud to say, behaved in the most gallant manner and drove the enemy before them, inflicting severe loss upon him. After marching in line of battle all day through woods, swamps, and open field we did not participate in the fight late in the day, our direction bringing us considerably to our left of the enemy. We reached our bivouac that night, or morning rather, about 1 o'clock, having been exposed to a severe rain for over an hour.

The next morning, June 30, we marched to join Major-General Longstreet, and reached him, after being on the march eighteen hours, at 2 a.m. July 1, and rested until daylight, and again set out in search of the enemy. Marched across the battle-field of the day previous some 1 1/2 miles; was ordered by major-general Magruder to march back to the Darby road; marched some 5 miles and was ordered back, moving by the left flank. Was next ordered by Major-General Magruder to shelter my men under a hill to protect them from the fire of the enemy, as our batteries were ordered to open upon them. From this position was ordered to take position recently occupied by General Cobb in my front; was about getting into position and was ordered to move some quarter of a mile to the right, and before I could get my line dressed was again ordered to move to the right of every brigade in the line and take position. Had, as I supposed, nearly reached this last point, when I was again ordered by General Magruder to move back rapidly by the left flank to support General Cobb; all of which orders were executed promptly by my command over swamps, dense undergrowth, ravines, and hills. At about 4.30 p.m. I received orders to advance to attack a battery of the enemy, and moving rapidly to the front through the dense woods, the left of my line, reaching the open field first, gained so much ground to the front and in the advance of the right that I ordered a halt to re-establish a correct line on the open field.

In the mean time the enemy were firing on us from two batteries and their infantry. Before I succeeded in rectifying my line other troops were hurried on to the attack, and then of my right. The First Georgia Regulars and Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments, supposing that I had given command to advance, became separated from the command. But I am proud to be able to say that every officer and man behaved himself with coolness and gallantry and aided materially in the final results of the day. The Ninth and Eleventh Georgia were more imme-

