
distinguished services on all occasions. I cannot refrain from mentioning Private D. E. Humphreys, Company C, Eleventh Georgia Volunteers, my orderly, for his gallantry and good conduct.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. ANDERSON,

Colonel Eleventh Georgia Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 280. Report of Colonel William J. Magill,

First Georgia Regulars, of the engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST GEORGIA REGULARS,Camp near Richmond, Va., July 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, for the consideration of the colonel commanding, the following report of this regiment in the part taken by it in the affair of June 29 and in the engagement of the 1st instant:

On June 29, just after we had passed the line of the enemy's intrenchments near Garnett's house, I was ordered to deploy the regiment as skirmishers and feel the woods in the direction which it was supposed he had taken. Having crossed a large open field for that purpose, I had scarcely entered the woods when the fire of his skirmishers was opened upon me. This fire was very heavy, indicating a large force. In a few moments a battery of artillery, situated in a field beyond, also opened its fire, discharging shrapnel, grape, and canister. Notwithstanding this heavy fire the regiment steadily advanced, driving the enemy before it until, emerging into the field already indicated, he was discovered in considerable force, and for a time his fire on my left was very severe. Under these circumstances I withdrew the line of skirmishers to the shelter of the woods.

In a short time this force of the enemy continued its retreat and in obedience to orders I continued the advance of my line. Proceeding steadily through the woods, capturing on the way a number of prisoners, at the distance of perhaps 1 1/2 miles from the point already indicated, I again discovered the enemy in large force, with several pieces of artillery, and a field of considerable magnitude. The main body of our troops having reached the grounds, I was ordered to move my regiment farther to the left, still keeping them deployed as skirmishers, so that I did not participate further in the engagement which ensued.

On Tuesday, the 1st instant, this regiment, in its position in the brigade, was ordered forward in line of battle in an attack upon the enemy's position at Malvern Hill (I believe it is called). We advanced under a very heavy fire of artillery and musketry in the direction of his batteries over a clear, open space of great extent. This fire being destructive over a clear, open space of great extent. This fire being destructive and the advance being deemed impracticable from that point of attack, the colonel commanding ordered the recall of the brigade, with a view to its reformation and a change in the direction of attack. In consequence of the noise and great confusion of the battle-field it was impossible to convey this order effectually to the brigade, and in falling back much disorder occurred.

It gives me great pleasure to state that the officers and men under my command behaved on both occasions with the utmost coolness and gallantry, and while there scarcely existed occasion for comparison in

