
On the 28th ultimo the regiment charged a battery, sustaining a heavy loss in killed, wounded, and several prisoners.

On the 29th we advanced through the Yankee camps and supported the First Georgia Regiment, which acted as skirmishers.

On the 30th the regiment marched to the battle-field of Monday, where they rested that night, and on the evening of the following day engaged the enemy for half an hour.

Our loss here was also heavy: First Lieutenant T. S. Watson killed, Lieutenant Colonel W. W. White seriously wounded, Major E. W. Hoyle seriously wounded. Adjutant Maddox slightly wounded, Captain R. B. Hicks slightly wounded, Second Lieutenant J. F. Bellinger slightly wounded, First Lieutenant A. Y. White slightly wounded, First Lieutenant Obadiah Wynn seriously wounded.

Numbers 282. Report of Captain George O. Dawson,

Eighth Georgia Infantry, of the action at Garnett's and Golding's Farms and battle of Malvern Hill.

BIVOUAC EIGHTH GEORGIA REGIMENT,

Garnett's Farm, Va., June 28, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Georgia Volunteers in the engagement of this evening:

About the hour of 3.30 o'clock the regiment received orders to charge a battery of the enemy opposite Garnett's farm at a distance of half a mile or more. The regiment moved forward promptly to execute said orders, Companies A and B being deployed as skirmishers. The charge was made with great celerity and perfect order, and so rapid was the advance of our skirmishers that many of the enemy's picket were killed and taken prisoners before they were aware of our presence. Within 150 yards of the point of departure one of our skirmishers was shot down. Moving steadily onward the fire of the enemy made sad havoc in the ranks. Advancing some distance through a thick wood, about 150 yards distant from its skirt, in an open field, the enemy's breastworks appeared in full view.

In the charge through this open space many of the officers and men were killed and disabled.

We succeeded in driving the enemy from their position, which was maintained with great spirit and determination against great odds until ordered to withdraw. The regiment fell back in good order.

The following is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing: Among the officers, Colonel L. M. Lamar was seriously wounded, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Towers was taken prisoner, Major E. J. Magruder was wounded slightly, Lieutenant J. M. Montgomery, Company E, was killed and Lieutenant C. M. Harper, of the same company, was taken prisoner, Captain A. F. Butler, Company B, was wounded dangerously, and Lieutenant W. W. Williamson, Company G, was wounded seriously, and Lieutenant T. J. Blackwell, Company I, was wounded slightly, besides 23 enlisted men killed, 55 wounded, and 9 missing.

The bearing of officers and men on the field entitled them to the commendation of their superior officers and the gratitude of their country.

Respectfully,

GEO. O. DAWSON,

Captain Company I, Commanding Eighth Georgia Regiment.

Lieutenant CHARLES C. HARDWICK.

