HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH GEORGIA REGIMENT,July 2, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Regiment Georgia Volunteers in the battle of Tuesday, July 1:

The casualties of the battle of June 28 having devolved upon me the command of the regiment, I am more than gratified that the conduct and bearing of officers and men fell under your immediate observation. From the moment we were ordered to advance upon the strong positions of the enemy, posted on the heights of Malvern farm, exposed for the space of four hours to a most terrific fire of artillery, the spirit and determination of the troops seemed to gather strength as the peril of the battle increased. Several of the regiment were either killed or wounded at the distance of over 2 miles from the point of attack.

When the last order to charge the enemy's position was given we moved rapidly forward through an almost impassable ravine of thick undergrowth forward through an almost impassable ravine of thick undergrowth and wood to the base of a hill, 30 yards distant from an open field, where the enemy were posted. Here the regiment was saluted and urged forward by General Magruder, under the eye and immediate command of the general. Although fatigued and exhausted from a continued march of two days and nights without sleep, the regiment seemed to gather fresh strength. Then it was that we made the dashing charge of over 400 yards across an open field exposed to a most terrific fire of musketry and artillery. Halting at the base of the hill for a few moments, protected partially from the fire of the enemy, we adjusted our line of battle preparatory for another charge. Just then Adjutant Hardwick, at the peril of his life, came boldly forward and gave the order to fall back. Our retrograde movement was not characterized with the same order as our advance, the regiment falling back with great reluctance. Under a heavy fire from the enemy we rallied to the point designated by the adjutant in good order, awaiting further orders.

About 9 o'clock we were ordered to repair to our camps, which we did in good order.

Too much praise cannot be given to the brave officers and men who imperiled their lives in this battle.

The regiment lost 4 killed and 8 wounded, all among the enlisted men.

Respectfully,

GEO. O. DAWSON,

Captain Company I, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant CHARLES C. HARDWICK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 283. Reports of Major William M. Jones,

Ninth Georgia Infantry, of operations June 27-July 12.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH GEORGIA REGIMENT,July 13, 1862.

SIR: On the 27th ultimo the Ninth Georgia Regiment received orders to advance the picket line on the east side of Dr. Garnett's farm. After

