
going to the advance post skirmishers were thrown out, and after a brisk skirmish succeeded in driving the advance of the enemy beyond their earthworks, where they were supported by their artillery, which did us some damage.

The casualties are, to viz: Five killed and 20 wounded, all enlisted men.

At night received orders to fall back to our former position.

June 28, all quiet in this regiment.

June 29, prepared to advance upon the redoubts of the enemy, which had been unsuccessfully attempted by the Seventh and Eighth Georgia Regiments the previous evening. Scouts were sent forward, who returned in a short time and reported that the enemy had evacuated their works. Immediately proceeded to their redoubt, and soon after took up the line of march in pursuit of the fleeing foe. After half an hour's march succeeded in catching up with their rear guard which after a little resistance again fell back.

Here the line of battle was formed, and immediately proceeded to scour the wood in the direction of Bottom's Bridge. After advancing some distance and hearing heavy firing on the right halted and remained in line awaiting orders until 9 p.m. Received orders to return to

------

.

June 30, received orders to proceed to the right of our line to re-enforce Major-General Longstreet, who engaged the enemy near Crew's farm p.m. of same day. Arrived about 10 p.m. and took possession of the battle-field.

Tuesday, July 1, formed in line of battle to scour the wood in front of

-----

and proceeded half a mile. Ordered back to the swamp; returned and took position one-fourth of a mile on the right of the River road. Remained some time under the protection of a favoring hill from the shells of the enemy without any casualty.

At 1 p.m. started for the anticipated battle-field. After maneuvering until near 6 p.m. entered the field of action and halted a ravine for protection. Remained until near 8 p.m.

Here our casualties were 3 killed and 30 wounded. Among the latter were Lieuts. J. W. Arnold, of Company C, and T. J. Hardee, of Company H. All the rest were enlisted men.

At 10 p.m. left the field in good order. Remaining near the battle-field until the morning of the 4th instant, left in pursuit of the and proceeded down the James River 12 miles to----Cross-Roads.

Remained in the neighborhood on picket until the 9th instant, then fell back to the church on the Darbytown road, 6 miles east of Richmond, remaining there on picket until regularly relieved by---Mississippi Brigade.

Joined our brigade July 12 by your order.

WM. M. JONES,

Major, Commanding Ninth Georgia Regiment.

Colonel GEORGE T. ANDERSON.
HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS,July 13, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of an order from headquarters of the division respecting those of my command who distinguished themselves in the series of engagements with the enemy from the 28th ultimo to the 2nd instant, I have only to mention the conduct of Lieutenant S. D. Cockrell,

