
who was been acting adjutant for the regiment during the last few months. When our brigade was halted, in consequence of orders from General Magruder, in the ravine near the field of action on the 1st instant, 5 p.m., the impression was prevalent that our brigade would not be called into action. The acting adjutant thought it not indiscreet to leave the regiment and go into the battle with the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment.

Below is a note sent to headquarters of this regiment on the following morning:
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,---- --, 1862.

I take pleasure in certifying that Lieutenant Cockrell, of the Ninth Georgia Regiment, requested permission of me to accompany my regiment into the engagement of the 1st instant; that I consented, and requested him to act as adjutant for the regiment in that engagement, which he did, and that his conduct on that occasion is deserving of the highest commendation.

W. H. LUSE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment.

N. B.-The regiment, as was presumed, took no active part in the battle.

WM. M. JONES,

Major, Commanding Ninth Georgia Regiment.

Colonel GEORGE T. ANDERSON.

Numbers 284. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Luffman,

Eleventh Georgia Infantry, of operations June 26-July 1, including battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT GEORGIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Richmond, Va., July 12, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers -, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in pursuing the enemy in his impetuous flight from the Chickahominy in front of Richmond to his present bivouac, on the James River, under cover of his gunboats:

June 26 [27?], three men wounded on Chickahominy, near the Garnett house, by the explosion of a shell from our batteries.

June 27 [28?], extended our picket post some distance down the Chickahominy, covering part of the territory occupied in the morning by the enemy, and captured 1 prisoner.

June 28 [29?], took possession of the enemy's camps at daylight in the morning, capturing 11 prisoners.

At 9 p.m. moved off in pursuit of the retiring enemy, and overtaking him in less than 3 miles, a sharp skirmish ensued, in which we had 1 man wounded by a spent shell from the enemy's battery. The enemy again retiring, our column was halted for two hours in the enemy's camps, and a quantity of commissary and other stores left by the enemy were taken possession of.

At 2 p.m., occupying a position on the right of the brigade, moved off in line of battle through the dense forest and again overtook the enemy east of the York Railroad, but took no part in the hotly contested engagement on our right.

