
placed in charge of a 32-pounder rifle gun, mounted on a rail car and protected from cannon-shot by a sloping roof in front, covered with plates of iron, through which a port-hole had been pierced, and from rifle-shot on the sides by thick walls of wood lined with iron. His battery moved down the road, keeping pace with the advance of the troops and by his fire annoying the enemy whenever the range would allow. His enthusiasm at the decided success of the experiment and in pushing through obstructions deserve all praise.

For the details of the battle and the many deserving instances of individual merit I respectfully call your attention to the accompanying reports of brigade and regimental commanders and to Captain Kemper's report of his operations. It is but proper to remark upon the dashing manner in which Captain (now Major) Kempr fought his battery. It was cheering to the whole command to see and hear his very rapid firing.

The morning following the engagement of the 29th the troops were ordered to be in readiness to move forward and had commenced the movement, when other orders were received to cross over to the Darbytown road, my command leading. Some confusion occurred, owing to the want of guides, which being corrected, the column moved on and reached the neighborhood of Timberlake's store about 1 p.m. It was there delayed by the rear of General A. P. Hill's division blocking the road.

While resting at Timberlake's store an order was given to move to New Market. General Semmes was sent with his brigade by the main road, protecting the artillery, and I went with General Kershaw's brigade across the country by a road which was reported as impracticable for wagons and artillery, and arrived at Warren's Hill about 6 p.m.

While waiting there the arrival of General Semmes' brigade and directions as to encampments another order was given through Colonel Cary to march my command down the River road to a position he would point out, said to be a place designated by Colonel Chilton. On thee way down I met General Wise, who contended there must be some mistake about the place, as the one spoken of by Colonel Cary was entirely exposed to the gunboats. While this discussion was going on another officer from General Magruder rode up and stated it was the general's orders to move down the Long Bridge road, which was done.

General Semmes' brigade had never reached New Market with the artillery, but had been diverted and placed in the woods to the right of the Long Bridge road.

My command had been marching all day, and General Magruder allowed me to halt it on reaching him, which was 1 mile down the Long Bridge road. At that time it was nearly dark. General Semmes came up and reported that a portion of his command and all but one of his staff had been separated from him in the thick woods where he had been posted.

We remained in the road several hours waiting until General Jones' division and Cobb's had passed. We then moved on, receiving orders that Lieutenant Phillips, of General Magrurder's staff, would post the brigade.

About 2 o'clock arrived near the battle-field of the day before, and after examining the ground as well as could be done in the dark I posted General Kershaw's brigade on the right of the road, holding General Semmes' in reserve along the road.

My command was completely exhausted, not having had anything to eat; had been heavily engaged the evening previous; had passed the

