
night and early morning in attending to the wounded and collecting and burying the dead, and had been on the march for about twenty hours. After resting but an hour or two the lines were formed and moved to the front on the right of the road. After going but a short distance beyond the Willis Church, on Quaker road, an order was given to recall the command and as I understood it, General Magruder's forces were to join on to the right of General Jackson's, which was at the time skirmishing with the enemy to our right. General Magruder directed me to bring up the rear, which I did, marching behind General Magruder's division, arriving at the road in front of Carter's field. General Longstreet ordered me to move by the left flank and join my command to the right of General Jackson's, going down a road which passed around Carter's field to the battle ground (Crew's farm), directing me first to reconnoiter the ground. On going down the road I found the position I was to occupy held by brigades of General Huger. I informed General Longstreet of the fact, and he directed me to remain where I was for the present. Arrangements being made to open fire with our batteries in front. I was directed to placed my command out of the line of the fire which would be returned by the enemy in response to our batteries.

General Magruder shortly afterward came back with the head of his column, and passing by Carter's house went into the woods beyond. My command was ordered to positions to the right and left of Carter's house about 4.30 a.m.

About 6 a.m. they were ordered to the front, advancing one on the right flank of the field and the other on the left, separated 400 or 500 yards, and entirely out of sight of each other. They were carried to the front, from which they were to advance, by a staff officer of General Magruder, and General Kershaw's brigade was assisted as much as possible after their arrival by Major McIntosh, of my staff, in taking position.

Brigadier-General Semmes, advancing on the right, owing to various causes-viz: the thickness of the woods, miscarriage or misconception of orders, and the fatigue his command had undergone-arrived into action but 557 men. The dead of his command, however, found in advance evidenced the gallantry of those few. His loss was: Killed, 17; wounded, 56; missing, 63. Aggregate, 136.

General Kershaw, going forward on the left, lost in killed, 22; wounded, 113; missing, 29. Aggregate, 164. Carried into action, 956 men.

The fatigue of the two previous days, want of sleep and food, caused the diminution of forces. Many men, having fallen out, were left behind on the march of the day and night previous.

There were many stragglers from the various forces on the field, which were collected near Carter's house and sent back to join their regiments from time to time, and as the battle ceased returned to the last camps of their regiments.

For the minute particulars of the fight and the cease of individual merit in the regiments the attention of the general is called to the accompanying reports of brigade and regimental commanders.

Major McIntosh was again conspicuous for his gallantry, having his horse shot under him; and my thanks are due to all the members of my staff, who rendered all possible assistance in preventing confusion, rallying the men, and reforming the stragglers.

The following named officers and non-commissioned officers of the regiments engaged are noticed by their several commanders for good conduct in the several engagements:

