
officers, who served on my staff during the engagement on Allen's Farm, [Gaines' Mill]: Captain William H. Hogan, of the Second Battalion New York State Artillery; Lieutenant John J. Gosson, of the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant Temple Emmett, of the Eighth-eighth New York Volunteers; Lieutenant James B. Turner, of the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, and Captain Malachi Martin, the assistant quartermaster of the brigade, who with the heartiest alacrity volunteered his service on the occasion and fearlessly rendered me the most valuable assistance. Major Thomas O'Neil, also of the Second Battalion New York State Artillery, rendered me the most gallant service, and in fulfillment of one of my orders at the close of the engagement, when I had dispatch him to one of the regiments on my right, was, I fear, taken prisoner by the enemy; at all events, since then we had no tidings of him. I deeply regret his absence, for a more daring soldier I sincerely believe does not exist.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant very truly, your obedient servant,

THOMAS FRANCIS MEAGHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. STUART DRAPER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Division.

HEADQUARTERS MEAGHER'S BRIGADE, RICHARDSON'S DIVISION, SUMNER'S CORPS, A. P., In Camp at Harrison's Landing, James River, Va., July 2, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order that I should report to you as the officer in superior command of the Union troops engaged in the action which took place yesterday I have the honor to submit to you the following statement of the circumstances in which the brigade under my command participated and of which I was personally cognizant:

Shortly after 6 o'clock p.m., being seated at the headquarters of General E. V. Sumner, commanding the corps d'armee in which my brigades is incorporated, being ordered to do so by that officer, I dispatches two of my aides, Lieutenant John J. Gosson, of the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers (the first regiment of the brigade), and Lieutenant Temple Emmett, of the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers (the fourth regiment of the brigade), with orders to hurry up the four regiments composing the brigade, and to advance them as quickly as possible to the front, and to report to you. These regiments, being the Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, the Sixty-third New York Volunteers, the Eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, and the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, which has been recently assigned to the brigade, had been in position in line of battle from an early hour, occupying and extending along a ravine to the right of the headquarters of Sumner's corps, and so protecting in some measure the right flank of the army, which was still further and efficiently protected by the divisions under the command of Generals Sedgwick and Smith.

The line occupied by the regiments under my command along this ravine was held by them with marked coolness and firmness under an incessant however of shell and round shot from the batteries of the enemy, and it is but simple justice for me to say that under an unremitting fire of some hours they exhibited a composure and steadiness which was only equaled by their eagerness to engage the enemy more actively and immediately. The orders communicated by the aides I have mentioned were promptly and enthusiastically obeyed. Advancing

