
Kershaw's brigade.-General Kershaw mentions Colonel Henagan, Eighth South Carolina Regiment; colonel Kennedy, Lieutenant-Colonel Goodwyn (wounded) and Major Gaillard, Second South Carolina; Colonel Nance and Major Rutherford, Third South Carolina; Colonel Aiken and Lieutenant-Colonel Bland (wounded), Seventh south Carolina; Captain Kemper's battery; Sergeant Harley, color-bearer, Second South Carolina; Corporal Blakely, Third South Carolina. Staff-Captain C. R. Holmes, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant A. E. Doby, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant W. M. Dwight, acting assistant inspector-general; Mr. J. A. Myers, acting aide-de-camp. Colonel Henagan, Eighth South Carolina, mentions Major McLeod. Colonel Nance, Third South Carolina, mentions Captain D. M. H. Langston (wounded) and Lieutenant H. C. Johnston, Third Alabama, acting voluntarily. Colonel Aiken, Seventh South Carolina, mentions Adjutant Childs and Sergeant-major Stallworth.

Semmes' brigade.-General Semmes mentions Colonel Cumming, Tenth Georgia and Captain Holt; Colonel Hunt, Fifth Louisiana; Colonel August, Fifteenth Virginia (wounded); Lieutenant-Colonel Waggaman, Tenth Louisiana (wounded); Lieutenant Benning, Georgia Regulars (reported to General Semmes on the field). Staff-Captain Clemons, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Briggs, aide-de-camp (wounded); Lieutenants Cody and Redd, volunteer aides-de-camp.

The enemy left something over 500 dead on the field-520 as reported by an officer left to bury our dead.

I call your attention to the report of arms taken at Shirley by Colonel Nance, of the Third Carolina Regiment. The notice of their being at that place was given me by Major General D. H. Hill. Hundreds of muskets were collected by the different brigades and my quartermaster and ordnance officer, of which no account was made.

Very respectfully,

L. McCLAWS,

Major-General.

TO GENERAL MAGRUDER'S ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Numbers 286. Reports of Brigadier General Paul J. Semmes,

C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station and Crew's Farm, or Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,RIGHT WING, DEPARTMENT OF THE POTOMAC,

Crew Farm, Va., July 4, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that soon after the opening of the battle of Savage Station, on the 29th ultimo, having received orders from Major-General McLaws to send forward two regiments to the support of Brigadier-General Kershaw's brigade, then engaged with the enemy, the Tenth Georgia Colonel Cumming, and the thirty-second Virginia, Lieutenant-Colonel Willis commanding, were ordered to advance. Very soon after, perceiving that the firing bore to our right, without waiting to communicate with the major-general I moved in that direction with the Fifth Louisiana, Colonel Hunt. These three regiments found themselves confronting the enemy in the following order from right to left; Fifth Louisiana, Thirty-second Virginia and

