
Casualties in the Alexandria Artillery, Captain Kemper commanding, June 29

 Killed	 Wounde	 Missing	 Total

 	 d

Officers	 -	 -	 -	 -

Privates	 1	 2	 -	 3

Total	 1	 2	 -	 3

RECAPITULATION

June 29	 48	 236	 9	 293

July 1	 22	 113	 29	 164

Aggregate	 70	 349	 38	 457

J. B. KERSHAW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 228. Report of Captain Del. Kemper,

Alexandria (Va.) Artillery of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.

ARTILLERY QUARTERS, FOURTH Brigadier, SECOND DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Leaving my camp near Vaughan's on the morning of the 29th ultimo about 6 o'clock, I followed the infantry of the brigade to a short distance beyond Fair Oaks. Here our march was interrupted for an hour or two by the batteries of the enemy's rear guard.

Late in the afternoon, viz, about 4 o'clock, by the direction of the brigadier-general, we shelled some works of the enemy on and near the Williamsburg road, about 1 1/2 miles from the junction of that and the Nine-mile road. Eliciting but slight response, we did some execution, and again advanced, overtaking the enemy at Savage's. The engagement was opened by a brisk artillery fire from my battery, replied to by one or more batteries stationed near Savage's house. From this contest the superior character and number of the enemy's pieces compelled me to withdraw in about five minutes, without loss, however.

About 7 p.m. a general engagement ensued, in which the battery played its part to the best of our ability.

Our losses are: One man killed, Private E. Calmus; 2 wounded, Privates Posey (since dead) and Wood; 4 horses were killed and 5 others rendered unserviceable.

In Tuesday's engagement (July 1) my battery was held in reserve, and, though under a severe fire, suffered no loss.

The above is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

DEL. KEMPER,

Commanding Alexandria Artillery.

Captain HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

