
Numbers 289. Report of Major F. Gaillard,

Second South Carolina Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.,Camp McLaws, Va., July 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, requiring a report of the conduct of the Second Regiment in the battles of June 29, at Savage Station, and July 1, at Malvern Hill, I submit the following:

Being in command of skirmishers of the brigade, I was not with the regiment in the battle of Sunday, the 29th. I am not, therefore, prepared to furnish a minute account of it in that affair. From accounts furnished me by captain of companies I learn that the Second, in conjunction with the other regiments of the brigade, charged impetuously through the woods that separated the opposing forces, and broke and put to flight a line of the enemy formed just on the edge of the field beyond the woods. This body of the enemy was armed with most superior weapons, which were scattered along upon the ground some distance in the rear of their line and in numbers greatly exceeding their dead left upon the field, showing plainly that it was routed. At this moment of victory an order was given-no one knows whence it originated and extended down the line of the brigade-to cease firing and to fall back. The regiment fell back in accordance with this order, was rallied, and reformed, and was ready for another charge had the order been given. Night, however, came over the scene and the contest ceased all along the line.

In this action 383 men were carried, 8 were left dead upon the battle-field, and 53 were wounded. Of the latter the regiment met with a severe loss in Captain Bartlett, one of the most gallant and conscientious officers belonging to it. He was borne mortally wounded from the field and, I regret to report, has since died. Lieutenant-Colonel Goodwyn was also severely wounded in the foot while gallantly discharging his duties. Second Lieutenant Perry, of Company H, was also very severely wounded.

The regiment slept that night on the battle-field in a heavy rain, and so near the enemy's line that fires could not prudently be allowed.

Next morning we marched from Savage Station toward Richmond and then down toward the scene of Monday's battle.

With a few hours' rest long our line of march we were kept moving until the dawn of Tuesday morning, when we reached Frazier's farm. The consequence of this fatigue was the exhaustion of many men of the regiment. Colonel Kennedy, who had been suffering for days from a slowly but steadily developing fever, was obliged to yield and devolve the command upon me.

In the afternoon the regiment, by order, was moved to the left of the dwelling-house in the rear of the battle-field. At this point we remained exposed to the desultory fire of the enemy's artillery. One member of Company G was killed instantaneously at this point.

About 6 o'clock I received orders to advance my command in line with the brigade. Our advance carried us for half a mile over an exceedingly rough and thickly wooded piece of ground. This was being vigorously shelled by the enemy, inflicting, however, but few casualties upon the command. As soon as we rose the brow of the hill, where the brigade was temporarily halted to rectify the alignment,

