
grape, canister, and musket balls began to greet us, the artillery of the enemy enfilading us from the right. At the command forward our line advanced with as much firmness and steadiness as it was possible for troops to maintain. Across the ravine it progressed until the blow of the next hill was attained. Here I halted in obedience to orders. Upon observation I discovered about 300 yards in front of my left a formidable line of the enemy, and about 200 yards in front of my right another line forming an obtuse re-entering angle. Upon these line I ordered my command to fire. The response from the enemy was very heavy. The men, both officers and privates, adhered to their position manfully and without an exception, that I could see, until the remainder of the brigade, under the fire which opened upon [it] from rear as well as front, had fallen back in obedience to orders. This order my command, being on the extreme left, was the last to execute. At the point we temporarily halted when going into action I rallied around the colors a large portion of the regiment, and kept them upon the field, under orders from General Kershaw, until the battle ceased.

I carried into action 208 men. Of these 8 were killed instantly upon the field and 33 were wounded, several mortally. Of the wounded were First Lieutenant Perry, commanding Company H, and First Lieutenant Brownfield, commanding Company I, the former severely in the neck and the latter seriously in the head. Lieutenant Brownfield was carried from the field the day after the battle by an ambulance from some other brigade. This much of his is certainly known. Since then, I regret to say, his fate is a mystery. The ambulances of the regiment were pressed into service by unauthorized parties, so that my ambulance was unable to give relief to but few of the wounded of the regiment. Lieutenant Lorick, of Company C, was also injured.

We lost many others-non-commissioned officers and privates-who did all that pure patriotism could demand of them.

Your, respectfully,

F. GAILLARD,

Major, Commanding Second Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 290. Reports of Colonel James D. Nance,

Third South Carolina Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill, and capture of arms at Shirley, Va, July 4.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT,Camp Jackson, July 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from Brigadier General J. B. Kershaw, on the morning of the 29th instant I moved my command about 8 a.m. out to the picket lines in front of my camp, on the York River Railroad, about 5 miles from Richmond. After arriving there I received orders to move in front of the enemy's deserted works, and there take my position in the brigade in line of battle, which I promptly did. There Brigadier-General Kershaw assumed immediate command and began the pursuit of the enemy. Two of my companies (Company A, Captain Hance, and Company E, Lieu-

