
I was pleased to learn afterward from General Kershaw that he had given the same command just about the same time, and was gratified thus to have my judgement sustained by his. We retired under as severe a fire as that under which we advanced, but not in such good order. Not seeing anything like a brigade organization, I carried as many of my men as I could keep together while passing through the thick wood and the ravines, halting and reforming my line at different points as I retired, to the point where our second line of battle was formed early in the afternoon. Here I deployed the remnant of my command as skirmishers, for the purpose of stopping the scattered of the brigade, especially those of my regiment, and intending to hold the enemy in check as best I could he advance at this point. After making these dispositions I dispatched my adjutant, Captain Y. J. Pope, to the rear to report to any general officer he might find, in case he did not meet with either Generals Kershaw or McLaws, the condition of things in front and the position I had taken and to request orders. He reported to General Pender, who ordered me to hold my position. Shortly afterward General Kershaw came back to the same point with a portion of the Second South Carolina Regiment. By his order I still held my position, collecting and giving directions to many scattered soldiers, and later, with other portions of the brigade, i marched out, under the general's command, to the Long Bridge road, where I found many of my command, who had entered the road above us, collected and under the command of Major Rutherford. Arriving at this point, by order we bivouacked for the night on the farther side of the road.

A list of casualties is herewith submitted.* They are slight, considering the severe fire which incessantly prevailed during our operations.

The spirit of the men was all that could have been desired, and had opportunity offered they would have achieved honor for themselves and rendered efficient service to their country.

I desire to direct attention to the conduct of Lieutenant H. C. Johnston, of the Third Alabama Regiment, who reported to me while we were advancing to the Quaker road that he was separated from his regiment, and requested to serve with me through the fight. I gladly consented, and do now take pleasure in testifying to his gallantry and efficiency on the field. He remained with me throughout the fight.

The gallant conduct of Corporal Blakely, already mentioned, is deserving of special praise and consideration.

I desire, in conclusion, to explain the falling off in the number of men carried into action on Tuesday from the number had on Sunday, by mentioning the fact that besides the fatigue of Sunday's operations we had a very exhausting march on Monday, which broke down many of my command and reduced the number of effective men very considerably as the accompanying report will show.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. NANCE,

Colonel Third Carolina Regiment.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in statement on p. 730. It shows "carried into action" 25 officers and 242 men. See also p. 979.

---------------

