
Numbers 291. Reports of Colonel D. Wyatt Aiken,

Seventh South Carolina Infantry, of operations June 25-July 1, including the engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT,July 13, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to a circular this a.m. I beg leave to submit the following report:

On Wednesday, 25th ultimo, the Seventh South Carolina Regiment lay in bivouac at Camp Reserve, 4 miles east of Richmond.

At sunset of that day I received orders to go on picket the next morning at 7 o'clock. During Thursday and until Friday, 10 a.m., I acted as the picket reserve of a Louisiana regiment, when I relieved by Colonel Nance, of the Third South Carolina Regiment. Returning from picket,when about half way to camp I was halted and ordered to report again to Colonel Nance and with him to feel the enemy in front of our pickets. When prepared in line of battle, with skirmishers thrown out, to make the advance orders were received to withdraw, and for the Seventh Regiment to report as a support to Colonel Barksade, of General Griffith's brigade, about half a mile on my left. Just as I reported to him I received orders from General Magruder not to support Colonel Barksdale, but form on his right and advance with him against the enemy. I formed as ordered, and for some reason was not notified by Colonel Barksdale that an advance was about being made until 4.30 o'clock in the afternoon. Immediately skirmishers were thrown forward and the advance about being made when Colonel Henagan appeared on the field and ordered me to join him at the point I had left Colonel Nance in the forenoon. I did so with dispatch, and from that point attacked and drove in the enemy's picket, advancing only so far as enabled our skirmishers to see the breastworks of the enemy, our orders being to prevent a general engagement, but simply to learn the enemy's strength, if possible.

While halted in this position we were subjected to constant shelling from the enemy's fortifications, resulting in a loss to the Seventh Regiment of 1 man killed and 3 wounded.

At dusk we withdrew to the rear of the picket reserve, just in front of the fortifications occupied by General Semmes' brigade, where we remained until 930 p.m., when we were ordered back to Camp Reserve.

From that time until Sunday morning the Seventh Regiment remained in bivouac, when we were again ordered forward, mention of which was made in my former report.*

Respectfully submitted.

D. WYATT AIKEN,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh South Carolina Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT,July 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit the following report of the action of the Seventh South Carolina Regiment in the engagement of the 29th ultimo:

At 11 p.m. Saturday, the 28th, I received orders to prepare to march

---------------

*See following report.

---------------

