
at early dawn on Sunday. Such preparation was made, but we did not move until 9 a.m., when I joined, with my command, the remainder of the brigade at a point known as our picket reserve. From this point we advanced upon the enemy's breastworks and found them evacuated. Thence we marched by a flank down the Nine-mile road to the railroad, where we were drawn up in line of battle on the left of the railroad. Advancing but a short distance, we moved by the right flank and crossed the railroad. For half a mile, or perhaps less, we advanced in line of battle and were ordered to retire. Another flank movement carried me down the railroad to a new line of battle, which, as we advanced threw us off the railroad, either because the railroad turned to the left or we diverged to the right. Another flank movement was resorted to and again line of battle formed. We advanced until the skirmishers announced the enemy in line of battle. This line of the enemy being dispersed by a battery of artillery we were again ordered forward, and about 4.30 or 5 p.m. were halted in a valley in the woods beyond Savage's farm. In my rear a battery was again drawn up, and, firing directly over the right of my regiment, subjected us to a very severe cannonading, from which there was no escape. This duel resulted in my losing 1 man and having 2 slightly wounded.

At about 5.30 p.m. I was ordered by some one I did not see to move my regiment forward after a couple of volleys of musketry had been heard on my left. I moved forward, and immediately upon emerging from the oak grove and entering the pine thicket I encountered the enemy. Cautioning the men to reserve their fires, I ordered a charge. The charge was made, some few firing, and the enemy gave back. Another forward was given, and onward we went, firing generally as we advanced. I next ordered, "Load advancing and fire at will." This command, heard by but a few, was intuitively obeyed by all. After the enemy had been pressed back about 150 yards a heavy firing began on my right and considerably in the rear. Fearing this might be from our friends, I sent the sergeant-major to inquire of the lieutenant-colonel how the right was progressing, for it was impossible in the thicket to see half the length of the regiment. He returned almost immediately with the word that the lieutenant-colonel was taken from the field wounded, two companies on my right were cut off, and the enemy were in our rear. I forthwith issued the order to retire in line, which was heard by but two companies. I withdrew these to an old cross-road and in a few minutes collected the others. Cautioning this portion of the regiment to lie down and be on the watch, I started to look for the two right companies, which soon reported and were attached to the regiment. I then formed line of battle, but the firing on my left having ceased, I faced by the rear rank and retired about 50 yards into the oak grove, halting and fronting again. No enemy advancing, I faced about again and marched out of the woods, where I found the two left regiments and formed upon them. The battle over we were permitted to lie in line of battle in the valley whence we first started, and there we remained until Monday, 7 a.m.

The casualties of my command were: Two sergeants, 2 corporals, and 9 privates killed; 1 lieutenant-colonel, 4 lieutenants, 9 sergeants, 8 corporals, and 46 privates wounded. Total killed, 13; total wounded, 68. Two of the wounded privates have since died.

Two of the wounded privates have since died.

Respectfully submitted.

D. WYATT AIKEN,

Colonel Seventh South Carolina Regiment.

