HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment SOUTH CAROLINA VOLUNTEERS,July 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit the following report of the participation of the Seventh South Carolina Regiment in the battle of the 1st instant:

After a fatiguing march on Monday, 30th ultimo, the regiment with the brigade, was halted on the New Market road at 9 p.m. and aroused again at midnight, and marched to the edge of the battle-field of the 30th. Here we remained in line of battle until an hour of up sun, when we advanced in line of battle for a mile or two until we met General Jackson's army, when we were returned to the New Market road, resting here in line, in sunshine and occasional shade, until orders came to approach the field where the contest was soon to rage.

We were marched to an old field on the Frazier estate and halted there in line of battle within range of the enemy's guns, which threatened us fearfully. After an hour's halt orders came to go into the fight. We moved by a flank movement until covered by the wood, and them marched in line of battle through open field and thick growth to within close musket range of the enemy. In this march we passed through or over two lines of troops lying in the woods, and encountered a third, where we halted. Not being told whether our troops (a fourth line) were engaging the enemy, we had but to halt, and lay subjected to a terrific fire from the enemy, which was rendered more fearful by a fire opened upon us by our friends from the rear.

At this juncture we were ordered to withdraw, each officer and man running the gauntlet for himself. This was done with such confusion that it was impossible to rally the regiment, especially as everything was shrouded in darkness. After two hours' work, however, about one-half the regiment was collected and bivouacked for the night.

In advancing through this wood, subjected the entire route to a severe fire, the Seventh South Carolina Regiment lost in killed 2 sergeants, 1 corporal, and 3 privates; wounded, 1 lieutenant, 3 sergeants, 3 corporals and 16 privates. Total wounded, 23; total killed, 6.

In the report of the engagement of the 29th ultimo I have said nothing of the behavior of my command, nor can I say more than that they behaved to my perfect satisfaction. Officers and men were cool, determined, and obedient. My captains especially elicited my admiration for the calmness with which they urged their men on to the contest. I cannot, however, be accused of infringing upon the justice allowed every one by especially mentioning Adjutant Childs and Sergeant-Major Stallworth as having aided me materially and promptly in the fight of Sunday, 29th ultimo.

Of the conduct of the entire regiment on Tuesday, 1st instant, I need not speak, as you yourself, general, can bear testimony to the regular, steady, and unflinching tramp with which they marched up to the point whence they were ordered to retire.

Respectfully submitted.

D. WYATT AIKEN,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh South Carolina Regiment.

