
lowing morning, it being supposed that they were evacuating their works in front of us. I also received orders before that time to relieve Colonel Kennedy at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 29th. On reaching the reserve of Colonel Kennedy he informed me that he had sent out four companies of his regiment in the direction of the enemy, who reported that they had evacuated their works. I then received orders to support the four companies of Colonel Kennedy's regiment, and upon reaching the enemy's intrenchments I halted my command until the other regiments of the brigade arrived.

The other regiments of the brigade having arrived, at 9 o'clock we were ordered to move forward by the right flank. We proceeded as far as the railroad at Fair Oaks Station, when we formed line of battle and advanced, my center resting on the Nine-mile road for near one hour, when the skirmishers engaged the rear guard of the enemy and a brisk fire ensued, the enemy in the mean time bringing several pieces of artillery to play upon our lines. We were here ordered to retire to a position near Fair Oaks Station, and remained there until the brigades upon our right and left came upon and formed, when we advanced again, passing through the deserted camps of the enemy.

Nothing of interest occurred during the advance until about 4.30 o'clock, when our skirmishers again engaged the rear guard of the enemy, who disputed our advance. The skirmishers of my regiment, under command of Captain J. H. Muldrow, pressed upon the enemy until they finally withdrew.

My loss in this skirmish was 1 wounded.-Private Carter, of Company A.

My regiment advanced to the edge of the field, when we were ordered to halt. Kemper's battery, coming up, opened fire upon the enemy and continued briskly for several minutes. I again received the order to advance, passing through an open field and over another line of the enemy's intrenchments, the enemy retreating before us.

My command was halted about 6 o'clock in an open field near the woods and remained there but a short time, when I was ordered to move by the right flank, in order to make room for Kemper's battery, which for a short time kept up an incessant fire upon the enemy in our front, they (the enemy) returning it with spirit. Captain Kemper having changed position to the right and in my rear, I again moved by the right flank, in order to protect my command as much as possible from the shells of the enemy, who were at this time throwing quantities of shell at our battery. I held this position until I received orders to advance. In the mean time the Tenth Georgia Regiment passed over my line and into the woods in front of me. I moved by the left flank a short distance, in order to uncover the regiment that had passed my line, and in order to place my regiment nearer the other regiments of the brigade which were at this time engaged. I advanced but a short distance when the enemy opened fire upon my line, which I returned, and at the same time two regiments in my rear opened fire upon my regiment. I then ordered my command to halt and lie down, in orders to protect them from the fire of our friends. After great exertions by Major McLeod and Captain C. R. Holmes, of your staff, who were exposed to a terrific fire from friends and foe, the firing in my rear was suppressed, and I ordered my command again to advance; but finding that the Tenth Georgia had inclined to the left and was immediately in my front, I retired on a line with other regiments which were formed in my rear and near to Captain Kemper's battery. It being near dark, I remained here until ordered to join the brigade.

