
Corporal Ward, of Company E, was killed; Corpl. J. H. Roberts, of Company L, was mortally wounded (since dead); Privates McRae, of Company L, shot through the hip; W. Threatt, of Company A, shot through hip; J. Collins, of Company C, in hip; E. Lane, Company L. slightly in arm; Morrell and Hendricks, Company A, slightly; Corporal Boseman, Company F, slightly.

We joined the brigade at 10 p.m. and rested for the night near the Williamsburg road.

At 10 o'clock on the following morning (30th) we marched back in the direction of Richmond for several miles, when we moved to the left, in the direction of James River, to the Darbytown road. On reaching it we changed direction again to the left and in the direction of the battle, which was then raging on that road, apparently some 3 miles distant. We were halted upon the field where the battle of the day previous (the 30th) had been fought at daylight and formed in line of battle, and advanced for about 1 mile and halted. In this advance through the woods we captured 1 lieutenant and 3 privates belonging to a New York regiment. After remaining here for an hour we were ordered to move by a flank in the direction of Malvern Hill. Arriving near the latter place we rested for three hours, when we received orders to advance upon the enemy. Passing through a dense growth of pines, into which the enemy were pouring an incessant shower of grape and shell, we reached a field, at the far end of which were posted the enemy's batteries. We continued to advance until we were ordered to halt, where we remained for a few minutes and were ordered to retire, which was executed in good order.

In justice to the officers and men of my command duty compels me to state that they bore themselves gallantly on both occasions-June 29 and july 1-every one doing his whole duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. HENAGAN,

Colonel Eighth South Carolina Regiment.

P. S.-For list of casualties in the engagement of July 11 refer you to my report of July 3.

Numbers 293. Report of Colonel Stephen D. Lee,

Chief of Artillery Magruder's division, of operations June 25-July 1, including the action at Garnett's Farm, engagement at Peach Orchard, and battles of Savage Station and Crew's Farm, or Malvern Hill.

TURKEY ISLAND BRIDGE, July 22, 1862.

GENERAL: Inclosed I send my report of the artillery of your division. I must apologize for its coming in so late, but on your leaving Crew's farm I was put on duty with the cavalry and in command of the fourth Virginia Cavalry on picket duty, and it was impossible for me to prepare it. From picket duty I was put into camp of instruction, with several drills a day, and had to study my new arm, as we had brigade drills, &amp;c.

I did not received your kind note inviting me to accompany you West until you had left, though I had heard through Major Brent that you invited me. I met Captain Eustis in Richmond and asked him to deliver

