
my answer to you. Accept my thanks for your kindness and for the flattering invitation conveyed in your note.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Colonel Artillery, Commanding Fourth Cavalry.

General MAGRUDER, Richmond, Va.

P. S.-Captain Dickinson's note to me calling for a report of July 4 only reached me July 20.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP FOURTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY,

Near Richmond, July 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I had the honor a few days since to receive your note directing me to render a report of the services of the artillery at Garnett's farm, near New Bridge, at Savage Station, and at Crew's farm. The different batteries of the division performed arduous picket duty on Garnett's farm from about June 12 to June 29, at which date the enemy vacated his lines and the division started in pursuit. Previous to June 20 the batteries under fire and engaged with the enemy were, first, Woolfolk's, Lane's, and Moody's batteries, at Mrs. Price's house, overlooking the New Bridge. These batteries were engaged several times, firing on the working parties of the enemy at the bridge, causing them to desist from their work, and in very instance they drew the fire of the enemy's batteries from the opposite side of the river, which, being long-range guns, we could not reach. The above-named officers with their commands, behaved with coolness and gallantry, and on these several occasions lost several men killed and wounded.

On June 25, to prevent the enemy from working on some advanced intrenchments, Brown's and Lane's batteries were brought into action near Mr. Garnett's overseer's house, and after a quarter of an hour's shelling drove the enemy from their new works. The enemy opened on these two batteries with twelve rifled guns of large caliber (20-pounder Parrott). The engagement was kept up for half an hour, when the batteries were withdrawn, having accomplished the object for which they had been ordered out, some of the enemy's batteries being behind works and out of range. In this action 2 men were killed and several wounded and some 6 horses disabled.

On June 26, from the same position, in the morning Lane's and Moody's batteries opened again on the enemy's intrenchments, which the enemy had reoccupied, driving them out again. Their fire was replied to by several of the enemy's batteries behind works and the action kept up for half an hour, when our guns were withdrawn, ad there was but little prospect of injuring the enemy's batteries, half masked in the woods and behind strong intrenchments. The same experiment was repeated by our batteries in the evening, Lane's, Woolfolk's, and Page's. (T. Jeff.) batteries being engaged, with same result. Captain Kirkpatrick, of Major Nelson's reserve artillery, was also engaged on the 26th with two guns.

On June 27 Moody's and Brown's batteries engaged the enemy's works, as he showed signs of vacating them. He replied with alacrity, showing he was still strong. I mention the above batteries specially, as they were each of them under very heavy artillery fire. None of the captains except Brown had their entire batteries; they went into action with their rifle section generally. Officers and men behaved well.

