
In these different actions some 8 men were killed and 29 wounded. Lieutenant Kerns, of Brown's battery, was killed. Lieutenant Merwin, of Moody's battery, had an arm shot off. Lieutenant Merwin got out of a sick bed to go into action with his company. Several other batteries were under fire, but not engaged, viz, Richardson's, Read's, and Page's the latter belonging to Major Nelson's reserve artillery.

On the 29th the enemy vacated his works and the division started in pursuit. At Fair Oaks Station he fired upon our advance with artillery; he was replied to by Carlton's battery. In the evening the enemy made a stand and quite a severe action occurred at Savage Station. Kemper's battery was here engaged and did good execution. The enemy's skirmishers came up to within 200 yards of his battery, when he was compelled to withdraw some 400 yards. At this point he was advanced upon by a regiment of the enemy (Second Vermont), which delivered a volley into his battery at a distance of 300 yards. He opened on them with canister, and, being well supported by a Mississippi regiment, repulsed the enemy with heavy loss. The enemy left 52 dead bodies in a circumference of 50 yards. Captain Kemper behaved with the utmost coolness and gallantry, as did his officers and men. Lane's battery was also under fire in this action, as also McCarthy's howitzer battery, but did not have an opportunity of engaging the enemy, as the ground and the position of our troops did not admit of it.

In the severe action of Tuesday, July 1, the artillery did not play a conspicuous part, though most of it was under a severe artillery fire during the entire action. The batteries engaged were McCarthy's howitzer battery and a section of Hart's battery, Washington Artillery, of Charleste. These batteries were well served and did good execution. One of McCarthy's pieces was struck twice.

The enemy, having selected their ground, had lined their position with artillery, having some forty pieces in position. Our artillery had to be brought up in a narrow lane under a terrible fire, and so soon as they discovered a battery coming up they concentrated their entire artillery on it. Several batteries were in succession disabled almost before getting into action. Carlton's and Kemper's batteries were in reserve, not engaged, but had several men killed. Carlton had a limber blown up by the enemy's shell. The enemy's artillery was admirably handled in this action, and is admitted to have been the most terrible artillery fire during the war. Their pieces were in an admirable position, and so arranged that they could concentrate from twenty to thirty guns on any position.

In closing my report I will testify to the general good conduct of officers and men. Major Nelson, of the artillery, was under fire several times at Garnett's farm and exhibited coolness and gallantry. Lieutenant Paul Hamilton, my adjutant, was in every action at Garnett's farm, at Fair Oaks, Savage Station,and Crew's farm, and on every occasion exhibited conspicuous coolness and gallantry. In one of the actions at Garnett's farm he had his horse shot under him.

Having been placed on duty with the cavalry immediately after the action of Crew's farm, it has been impossible for me to obtain data necessary to make this report complete.

Respectfully submitted.

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Colonel Arty. and Acting Chief of Artillery Magruder's Division.

Captain DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Magruder's Division.

