
the battle-field of the 1st. Here a portion of my command, the Georgia Legion, was placed in support of the artillery. The remaining regiments were posted to the right of Mrs. Carter's house, in a ravine. Another regiment of my command, the Sixteenth Georgia, was detached and sent forward to occupy a ravine on the right to prevent any attempt of the enemy to advance in that direction. My command was thus posted at three different points, rendering my own position, in endeavoring to look after each, an embarrassing one.

While at this point I received a message from General Armistead, who occupied with his brigade the advance position in our front, that he needed support, and I immediately moved to his support with the remaining regiments of the brigade-the Twenty-fourth Georgia, Second Louisiana and Fifteenth North Carolina. To reach that point we had to pass through the open field in our front under the fire of the enemy, which was done in double-quick and good order, and had to pass through dense woods and almost impassable ravines, which separated us from General Armistead's position, all of which was done in quick-time and with alacrity by the three regiments. On reaching this point I immediately posted my command on the crest of the hill in front of batteries of the enemy, which continued to pour a deadly fire upon that point, as well as the entire distance which we had traversed from the ravine near Mrs. Carter's house. Our duty was to prevent any advance of the enemy and to unite at the proper time in the effort to carry the batteries of the enemy. We had not occupied this position long when General Magruder was informed that the enemy was advancing in our front, and under his order I at once advanced these three regiments to the open field in front of the batteries of the enemy. The advance of the enemy was repulsed and the regiments united in the general assault on the batteries.

The conduct of both officers and men throughout was all that could be asked and even more than could be expected of men. The best evidence I can offer of the daring and courage of the men of my command is the fact that after the battle their dead were found mingled with those of other brigades nearest the batteries of the enemy.

It was at this point in the battle that Colonel Norwood, of the Second Louisiana, while gallantly leading his regiment, fell severely, but, I am happy to say, not mortally, wounded. Major Ashton, of the same regiment, had seized the colors of the regiment after three brave men had been shot down in the act of bearing them forward, and was bravely cheering on his men and rallying them to their standard, when, pierced by several balls, he fell and died instantly. In the same action the brave and gallant commander of the Fifteenth North Carolina, Colonel Dowd, was severely, but not mortally, wounded, and his regiment, for the present, deprived of his invaluable services.

At a subsequent period of the battle the Sixteenth Georgia, previously detached, was brought into the action, and, like their comrades, were found foremost in the fight. The Georgia Legion, though under the fire of the enemy during the entire day, was not brought into the action, because of its position in support of the artillery.

It is but justice to the men of my command to state the fact that for more than forty-eight hours previous to the battle had had neither exhaustion, there was no murmuring or spirit of complaint as long as there was an enemy in front.

We commenced the march from the burnt chimney on the morning of June 29 with 2,700 men, but fatigue and exhaustion had so reduced

