
our ranks that less than 1,500 were carried into the battle of the 1st instant, and of that number nearly 500 are in the list of killed and wounded.

I would add that the Troup Artillery (Georgia Legion) was with my brigade during all of its operations and did effective service.

On Tuesday their position was such that while exposed to a galling fire they could not reply with safety to our own men. The coolness and composure of the men were commendable.

I annex a list of the casualties in each regiment.*

It is due to the members of my staff to say that they acted with coolness and energy and to my entire satisfaction.

HOWELL COBB,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 295. Report of Colonel William Barksdale,

Thirteenth Mississippi Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, Magruder's division, of the battles of Savage Station and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Camp near Richmond, Va., July 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battles of Sunday, June 29, at Savage Station, and at Malvern Hill, on Tuesday, July 1:

On Sunday morning we were ordered to pursue the enemy, who had abandoned his fortifications on the Nine-mile road and was understood to be retreating down the York River Railroad. On reaching these fortifications a fire was opened upon us by the enemy's rear guard. The brigade was at once ordered in line of battle, and while gallantly executing this order General Griffith fell mortally wounded, and was borne from the field by Majors Watts and Hawkins, of his staff, when the command devolved upon me. Continuing the pursuit I was ordered to support General Cobb, who was in the advance, should he become engaged with the enemy. The brigade advanced in line of battle on the left of the railroad, through the thick woods and over a marshy country, until we reached Savage Station, when an attack was made on the right side of the road upon the enemy by General McLaws' division. The Seventeenth Regiment, Colonel Holder, and the Twenty-first Colonel Humphreys, were ordered to that side of the road, and to support Kershaw's brigade if it should become necessary to do so.

About sundown these regiments advanced gallantly and promptly when the order was given under a severe fire across an open field to the support of a battery and engaged the enemy, then strongly posted in the woods beyond the field, and poured several destructive volleys into his ranks, when messengers arrived and requested that the firing should cease, as danger would result from it to our friends, who were maneuvering between them and the enemy. The men were ordered to lay down, and night coming on and the firing having ceased, they retired in good order to the woods in rear of the battle-field.

The Eighteenth Regiment, Colonel Griffin, was ordered after dark to the battle-field and slept upon it, the enemy during the night continuing his flight.

---------------

*Embodied in return, p. 979.

---------------

