
and ability as a physician, is eminently entitled to its favorable consideration.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 296. Report of Major Kennon McElroy,

Thirteenth Mississippi Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT, July 5, 1862.

COLONEL: The command of the Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment having devolved upon me just before the close of the engagement on Tuesday evening, July 1, it becomes my duty to report the part taken by this regiment in that sanguinary contest:

At 6.30 p.m. this regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Carter, was, and under your own supervision, formed on the right of your brigade and advanced to within some 300 yards of the enemy, who appeared in strong force in front. There the regiment was halted and the line dressed, and I can testify that, although exposed to a most withering fire an our men falling on every hand, the line was promptly dressed without confusion, and when the command forward was given, advanced in splendid style to within 100 yards of the enemy. Here the regiment was again halted behind the brow of a hill and ordered to fire. For nearly one hour we held this advanced position without support on either flank, and during this time, I am proud to say, the men of this command fought with a determination and bravery which successfully held in check a largely superior force of the enemy, who were confronting us.

Believering this position longer untenable, the regiment was ordered to fall back just at dark to our former position, 200 yards in the rear. Being present yourself, you are aware how reluctantly, yet in what fine order, this command was obeyed.

About this time Lieutenant-Colonel Carter was severely wounded and taken from the field.

Halting the regiment under the cover of a hill, where it was in a measure protected from the fire of the enemy, the line was reformed and I prepared to advance with a force then coming up on my left; their, however, having masked a portion of our front was the cause, I suppose, of the order then received to retire, which was done in good order.

Where all did their duty so well it would be doing injustice to many were I do make mention of the many examples of individual heroism I saw displayed both among officers and men. I will therefore simply say that both company officers and men did their whole duty and proved themselves worthy of the name of Mississippians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,K. McELROY,

Major, Commanding Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment.

Colonel WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Commanding Third Brigade.

