
activity and coolness in dressing his men while terrific fire. Privates Cooper, Company F; George Green and C. Berry, Company D, and Corporal Huston and Private Tyler, Company I, were along those prominent who distinguished themselves for gallantry and boldness.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. LUSE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment.

Colonel WILLIAM BARKSDALE.

No. 299. Report of Captain William C. F. Brooks,

Twenty-first Mississippi Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

JULY 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that the Twenty-first Mississippi Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Brandon commanding, was on the 1st instant ordered to proceed in the direction of the enemy about 3 p.m. on the --- road. After advancing within a few hundred yards of the enemy's line of sharpshooters we formed a line of battle on a hill-side in the woods about 4.30 o'clock. In a few moments the enemy opened a heavy fire of shell, shot, &amp;c., which was continued for the space of two hours, wounding Major D. N. Moody and killing and wounding several others.

About 6.30 o'clock we were ordered forward, following the Eighteenth Mississippi Regiment, right in front, and formed a line of battle on the left of the Eighteenth on the right by file into line, within 800 yards of the enemy's battery, suffering severely from their fire. We advanced in line of battle until within 200 yards of the enemy's battery, and finding no support either right or left were ordered to retire, which we did in good order, losing Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Brandon (the only field officer), being wounded by a grape shot. The command of the regiment then devolved upon me. After falling back, partially under cover of the hill, we were again ordered to advance, which was done immediately, and continued until within 150 or 200 yards of the battery. I again found no support either right or left, and the enemy, with infantry on the left and artillery in our front, were pouring a destructive fire into our ranks of grape shot, canister, and small-arms. We were again ordered to retire and did so in good order, and left the field after dark. Both officers and men acted gallantly during the entire engagement.

The casualties were as follows:

 Killed.	 Wounded.

Field and staff	 ---	 3

Commissioned officers	 2	 6

Rank and file	 21	 74

Total	 23	 83

Aggregate	 	 106

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. C. F. BROOKS,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-first Regiment Mississippi Volunteers.

Colonel WILLIAM BARKSDALE,

Commanding Third Brigade.

