
advanced and were engaged with our troops for a few movements. Soon discovering, however, that they must give way, they fell back in some confusion, leaving their dead to mark their line of battle. This was the last opposition encountered by our troops, further than a show of resistance as the enemy was pursued. The firing along other portions of the line was continued until dark.

General Whitting, having finished his work in our front with his own division, asked for a brigade of General Jackson's command, which happened to be near me, and put it in position on our left, where he did other handsome work. After driving the enemy from his last position many of our men continued the pursuit beyond in a rather straggling condition. The enemy's cavalry, covering his retreat, seeing this, attempted a charge, but our troops coolly awaited their approach, and drove them back after delivering a few rounds into their ranks. A little after dark the firing ceased, and the enemy left upon the filed surrendered or straggled through the woods.

Up to the moment of gaining the enemy's position our loss was greater than his, but the telling fire of our infantry upon his lines as he retired and returned again to attack thinned his ranks so rapidly that his dead soon outnumbered ours.

There was more individual gallantry displayed upon this field than any I have ever seen. Conspicuous among those gallant officers and men were Brigadier Gens. R. H. Anderson, [W. H. C.] Whiting, [C. M.] Wilcox, and [George E.] Pickett (the latter severely wounded), Lieutenant-Colonels Hale (severely wounded), Slaughter (severely wounded), and Major Mullins (severely wounded). The gallant Colonel Woodward, of the Tenth Alabama Volunteers, fell at the head of his regiment in the assault on the enemy's position.

My personal staff-Majors Sorrel, Manning, Fairfax, and Walton, Captain Goree, and Lieutenant Blackwell-displayed great gallantry, intelligence, and activity. They have my warmest thanks and deserve much credit of the Government.

Major Haskell, of General D. R. Jones' staff, volunteered his services to me for the day. Upon his first field, his conduct would have done credit to any distinguished veteran. After gallantly bearing the colors of one of the regiments to the enemy's breastworks and planting the standard upon them he lost his right arm by a cannon-shot.

The gallant Captain Ochiltree, of the Adjutant-General's Department, volunteered his services, and was very active and energetic in the discharge of duties assigned him.

General Wigfall and Cols. P. T. Moore and W. Munford kindly offered their services, and were active and useful in transmitting orders, &amp;c.

Early on the following day (Saturday) parties were sent forward to find the enemy. It was soon ascertained that he was not in force in my front and had destroyed the bridges across the Chickahominy immediately in front of me. It was supposed, however, that we would be able to draw him from his intrenchments by cutting his base. While other portions of the army were occupied at this work, my artillery was opened with such longer-range guns as I could use against the enemy on the other side of the river. The range was so great, however, the two could do but little more than annoy him. The fire of one of the batteries in front of General D. R. Jones, however, made him fell exceedingly uncomfortable.

The effort to draw the enemy out by cutting his base was entirely

