
Strange, Patton, Perry (severely wounded), Lieutenant-Colonels Marye, Coppens, Royston, and Major Caldwell (both wounded); Captain Field, commanding Eleventh Alabama, and Captain King, commanding Ninth Alabama (both wounded); Captain Otey, commanding Eleventh Virginia, and Captain Kilpatrick, of the Palmetto Sharpshooters.

The country and the service mourns the loss of Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Taylor, of the Second Mississippi Battalion; Lieutenant Colonel D. W. Baine, commanding Fourteenth Alabama Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Scott, commanding Third Virginia Regiment, and Major William Anderson, of the Palmetto Sharpshooters. These brave and valuable officers fell at the head of their commands in a desperate charge on the enemy's batteries.

Majors Sorrel, Manning, Fairfax, and Walton, Captain Goree, and Lieutenant Blackwell, of my personal staff, displayed their usual gallantry and alacrity. After five days of night and day work, they kept up with undiminished zeal and energy. My volunteer aide, General Wigfall, remained with me also, conspicuous for his courage, coolness, and intelligence.

Major Meade and Lieutenant Johnston, of the Engineer Corps, were assigned to duty at my headquarters at the beginning of the campaign, and were very energetic and untiring in their efforts to discover the various positions of the enemy.

I desire to render my thanks to the medical staff of my command, of which Surgeon Cullen is chief, for their humane and protracted efforts in the care of the wounded. The most untiring and unremitting attention was displayed by these officers, both after the actions of the 27th and 30th, and I refer to the report of Chief Surgeon Cullen for especial mention of the conduct of the subordinates.*

For the details of the operations of Major General A. P. Hill's division I respectfully refer to his official report.

Early on the following day the troops of Major-General Jackson were reported approaching the late battle-field, also Armistead's brigade, of Huger's division. The entire force was concentrated around this field about 10 a.m., and Jackson's command advanced by the commanding general on the route of the enemy's retreat. It was soon ascertained that the enemy was in position and great force near Malvern Hill, at Crew's farm. Major General A. P. Hill's and my own division, having been engaged the day before, were in reserve.

A little after 3 p.m. I understood that we would not be able to attack the enemy that day, inasmuch as his position was too strong to admit of it.

About 5 o'clock, however, I heard the noise of battle, and soon received a message from Major-General Magruder calling for re-enforcements, and understood from his staff officer that the enemy was attacking his position. I ordered the division of Major General A. P. Hill to his immediate support, and put my own in position to secure his right flank, which was the only one that could be at all exposed.

One of Major General A. P. Hill's brigades became engaged about night; no other portion of the two divisions.

On Wednesday those two divisions were thrown forward again to pursue the enemy, but after marching 2 miles through a very severe rain-storm they were halted for the night near Dr. Poindexter's house.

On Thursday morning the pursuit was resumed, and the command of Major-General Jackson moved forward, but by a different road. Both commands arrived near the position taken by the enemy before night.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

