
him off the field to leave him and go to the front if they could not bear him off conveniently, but to leave him his flag, which he still held, and let him die there under its folds. Lieutenant Symonton, volunteer aide, also acted with a bravery and coolness seldom equaled. His horse was shot down early in the action, but still he exposed himself to every danger, rallying retreating troops, stragglers, &amp;c., and in every way rendering the most efficient service.

The brigade carried into action 723 muskets, and of this small number the loss was 228, including 4 officers killed and 13 wounded, as appears by the accompanying table, showing the loss of each regiment.*

I would respectfully suggest that more definite instructions be given to aides in regard to the delivery of orders, so as to insure their reception through the proper authorities. A failure to observe this rule often creates much confusion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers B. STRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 304. Reports of Brigadier General Cadmus M. Wilcox,

C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, LONGSTREET'S DIVISION, July 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by my brigade in the battle of Friday, the 27th ultimo:

Early in the morning of the 26th ultimo the brigade, in common with the other brigades of the division, moved from camp on the Charles City road across to the Mechanicsville turnpike. Here the division was halted and remained until nearly dark. While resting on this road, and between the hours of 2 and 3 p.m., artillery was heard in the direction of Mechanicsville. This fire continued with more or less vivacity until nearly dark, during much of which time musketry was also heard.

Near dark the division moved down the turnpike, crossed the Chickahominy, and bivouacked for the night at and near Mechanicsville, the enemy having been driven from the immediate vicinity of this place.

At dawn of day the following morning (Friday) the enemy opened fire with their artillery and continued for more than an hour, throwing shot and shell into our camp, without, however, causing serious inconvenience or inflicting any loss.

At sunrise I was ordered by the major-general commanding to move with my brigade across an open field down the Chickahominy to the support of Generals Pryor and Featherston, distant about one-half or three-quarters of a mile, and engaged at the time in a brisk skirmish with the enemy. Arriving at the position occupied by the brigades of Pryor and Feartherston, I found them on the crest of a ridge in a pine

---------------

*Omitted. Embodied in returns, p.980.

---------------

