
were there in strong force. The regiment was soon withdrawn to the rear and down a ravine to its support and out of fire of the enemy's infantry. The enemy did not follow.

I now made my preparations for an attack upon the enemy, intending it to be made with the utmost vigor and with all the force at my command. My brigade was advanced to the front, and two regiments (the Tenth and Eleventh Alabama, the latter on the right) were formed in line of battle in rear of the crest of the hill from which Pryor's regiment was withdrawn from the pursuit of the enemy's skirmishers. Pryor's brigade, with the exception of one regiment (Second Florida), formed in line on the left of minie. The two remaining regiments of my brigade (the Eighth and Ninth Alabama, the former on the right) were formed in rear of the Tenth and Eleventh Alabama, and Featherston in rear, to support both Pryor's and my brigade.

It is proper that I should state that this placing of troops in position to attack the enemy was made under a brisk enfilading fire of artillery from the enemy's batteries of rifled cannon from the heights beyond the Chickahominy. Our troops behaved admirably under this fire, no confusion or disorder being perceptible in their ranks.

Every preparation being made for a vigorous attack, firing was not heard on our left, which was the signal for our advance, and the order was immediately given. Our men moved forward in admirable order, preserving their alignments perfectly. Ascending the crest of the hill they came in full view of the enemy, and were instantly met by a heavy and destructive fire of infantry within less than 100 yards. Our men now make a dash at the enemy, and the conflict begins with an ardor and determination on our part that could not failed to inspire the utmost confidence in those that witnessed it.

Nothing could surpass the valor and impetuosity of our men. They encounter the enemy in large force directly in their front behind two lines of breastworks, the second overlooking the first, and from behind this, as well as the first, a close and terrible fire of musketry is poured in upon them. The bed of the small stream at their feet and between them and the enemy is used as a rifle pit, and from this a strong line of fire is also brought to bear on us. Thus exposed to the three lines of fire, they bravely confront it all and press forward and close in upon the enemy. Now there is a slight halt and some wavering and a few men give way, but a second supporting line is near-the Eighth and Ninth Alabama press on in rear of the Tenth and Eleventh Alabama and Featherston in rear of Pryor. The first impulse is more than redoubled. Other brigades come in on the left of Pryor and in rear of where we are so hotly engaged. Our men still press on with unabated fury. The enemy at length, with but a few yards between themselves and our men, are shaken and begin to yield. Our men, full of confidence, rush with irresistible force upon him, and he is driven from his rifle-pit pell-mell over his first breastwork of logs, and here he vainly attempts to reform and show a bold front, but, closely followed by our men, he yields, and is driven over and beyond his second parapet of logs into the standing timber and finally into the open field. Now for the first time cheers are heard from our troops and the enemy is driven from his strong position. Our loss has been up to this time severe, but now the enemy is made to suffer. No longer screened by his breastworks or standing timber, his slaughter is terrible. Our men have no difficulty in chasing him before them in every and all directions. The precision of our fire is now demonstrated clearly. The numbers of the enemy's dead in regular lines mark in some places distinctly where the

