
lines of battle of their different regiments were formed. The enemy, yielding in all directions, loses his battery of Napoleon guns. Many prisoners are taken. We pursue them far across the open field to the woods of the swamp of the Chickahominy, and the pursuit is only arrested by night. The victory is complete, the enemy is repulsed and pursued at every point, and those that escape falling into our hands do so under the cover of the darkness of the night.

Before closing this report I beg to say that the magnificent courage of our men as displayed in this action is worthy of all praise. To properly appreciate the gallantry of those that aided in the achievement of this brilliant victory we have only to examine the position occupied by the enemy's infantry and to recall the fact that the open field over which our men advanced was swept by a direct fire of artillery, shot, shell, grape, and canister from the rear of the enemy's infantry and from an enfilade fire from batteries of rifled cannon from beyond the Chickahominy. The enemy's infantry, as previously stated, occupied the bed of a small stream as a rifle pit, and on the ascending ground in rear of this were two lines of log breastworks, behind which were sheltered in comparative security heavy masses of their infantry. Their lines of infantry fire could thus be used against our men at the same time and within less than 100 yards. In driving the enemy from this strong position our loss was heavy, but we should be profoundly grateful that it was not more so.

In closing this report of the operations of my brigade in the engagement of the 27th ultimo it gives me pleasure to state, for the information of the major-general commanding, that the general good conduct of both officers and men renders it difficult to mention specially the names of those most distinguished without injustice to others perhaps equally deserving of such notice.

It becomes my painful duty to report that early in the action the commanders of my two leading regiments-the Tenth and the Eleventh Alabama-fell while leading their regiments, closely and heroically confronting the enemy in his stronghold, the former, Colonel J. J. Woodward, Tenth Alabama, dead (shot through the head), the latter, Lieutenant Colonel S. F. Hale, Eleventh Alabama, severely, perhaps mortally, wounded (left arm and shoulder broken and left leg broken).

These two regiments received the first volleys of the enemy's fire and suffered more on this part of the field than the two following regiments.

The list of killed and wounded of the brigade has been forwarded before this. Of the officers killed and severely wounded I may mention the names of Captain W. M. Lee, Tenth Alabama, mortally wounded (since dead); Lieutenant W. C. Faith, Eleventh Alabama, killed; Captain Thomas Phelan, Lieuts. C. M. Maynard, Lane, and August Jansen, of Eighth Alabama, killed. Captain E. Y. Hill, Ninth Alabama, was killed far in advance on the field. Of the dangerously wounded are Captain Hannon, Lieutenants McHugh and McGrath, of Eighth Alabama; Captain [T. H.] Hobbs, Ninth Alabama; Lieutenant [J. E.] Shelley, adjutant Tenth Alabama, and Lieutenant Wayland, quartermaster of Ninth Alabama, severely wounded. The latter officer's duties did not require his presence with his regiment in battle, but he volunteered for it, and served with his company (Captain Hobbs') with great coolness and courage. This officer served in like manner at the battle of Seven Pines.

The casualties among the officers of the brigade number in killed, 8; wounded, 35; officers and men killed, 117; wounded, 463; missing, 4;

