
making an aggregate of 584 killed, wounded, and missing; this loss occurring in a force of about 1,850 men.

After the fall of Colonel Woodward the command of the Tenth Alabama devolved upon Major [J. H.] Caldwell, and after the wounding of Lieutenant-Colonel [S. F.] Hale the command of the Eleventh Alabama devolved on Captain [George] Field. Major [J. H. J.] Williams was in command of the Ninth Alabama, and late in the evening, before the battle was won, left the field sick. Lieutenant-Colonel [Y. L.] Royston, commanding the Eighth Alabama, was with his regiment during the entire engagement, and commanded it with great courage and good judgment, and the losses sustained by this regiment, the weakest in numbers, is evidence of the severity of the contest in which it was engaged.

Among the medical officers on duty with the brigade I may call to your favorable notice Surgeon [Robert T.] Royston, Eighth Alabama, acting as brigade surgeon; Surgeon [H. A.] Minor, Ninth Alabama, and Assistant Surgeon Saunders, Eleventh Alabama. These officers wre prompt and efficient in providing for and attending the wounded, and are all men of marked skill in their profession.

To my personal staff-Captain W. A. Harris, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Walter E. Winn, Eleventh Alabama, aide-de-camp-my thanks are especially due for assistance cheerfully rendered at all times during the engagement.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. WILCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, LONGSTREET'S DIVISION, July 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade in the battle of the 30th ultimo:

Having remained on the battle-field the night of the 27th ultimo and the following day and night, on the morning of June 29 (Sunday) my brigade, in common with the other brigades of the division, recrossing the Chickahominy near the Gaines house, marched across the Nine-mile road, the York River Railroad, the Williamsburg and Charles City roads, and encamped for the night on the Darbytown, or Central, road, near the farm of Mr. Atlee, having made some 10 or 12 miles.

The march was resumed early the next morning and continued until about 2 p.m., it being now evident that the enemy was in front of us and not far distant. My own, Generals Pryor's, and Featherston's brigades were ordered to take positions in line of battle on the left of the road. Before, however, getting into position a second order was given to return to the road, and after advancing about 1 mile farther we were formed in line of battle in the edge of the woods, with a field in front of us, on the left of the road, and to the left of General Pickett's brigade. We remained in this position for two or three hours. Skirmishers were thrown out to the front, and some firing ensued between them and those of the opposing forces.

It was now near 5 p.m., and the enemy's artillery began to fire. Shot and shell passed over and fell beyond us, some exploding near

