
upon the open field, came within full view of the six-gun battery on this side (the left) of the road. This battery began at once a rapid discharge of grape and canister upon this regiment. It did not halt an instant, but continued to advance steadily and rapidly and without firing until it approached within 200 yards of the battery, when it gave loud cheers and made a rush for the guns. Halting for an instant in front of it, they fire upon the battery and infantry immediately in rear of it and then make a successful charge upon and take the battery. The enemy's infantry are in the woods in heavy force beyond and 200 yards distant and in the woods skirting the field to the left of the battery and not so far, and here in like manner in strong force. The enemy have a direct and flank fire upon this regiment, now at the battery.

The two regiments on the right of the road continued steadily to advance through the woods which extended along the road-side to within 100 yards of a second six-gun battery, this battery being nearly opposite to the one on the left of the road and some 200 yards distant from it. Halting for a few minutes in the woods fronting this battery to deliver their fire, these regiments-the Ninth and Tenth Alabama-charge upon and take this also, the enemy's infantry supports being driven back.

Both these batteries were now in our possession, having been carried in the most gallant manner, the men and officers behaving with the most determined courage and irresistible impetuosity. The taking of the battery on the right of the road was not attended by such a bloody strife as followed the assault and capture of the one on the left, for here the enemy had not the heavy pine forests so close in rear and on one flank in which he could retire, reform, and the renew the conflict with increased numbers. On the contrary, the pine was in our possession, and our men, under cover of it, were within 100 yards of and in front of the battery, the field extending far off to our right and the timber in rear of the battery being more distant. Other brigades, too, were on our right engaging the enemy, but none on our left and near the batteries. The battery on the left of the road was the first taken. The Eleventh Alabama had experienced severe loss in crossing the open field while advancing against this battery. Here the enemy, at first repulsed and driven from the battery, retire to the woods both on our left and in rear of the battery, and from there, under shelter of the woods and with superior numbers, deliver a terrible and destructive fire upon this regiment. With its ranks sadly thinned it heroically stands its ground and returns the enemy's fire with telling effect. The latter, under cover of trees on our left flank and directly in our front, confident and bold from their superior strength, and seeing this regiment isolated and unsupported, now advance from their cover against it. Our men do not flee from their prize so bravely and dearly won overwhelmed by superior numbers, but, with a determination and courage unsurpassed, they stubbornly hold their ground, men and officers alike engaging in the most desperate personal conflicts with the enemy. The sword and bayonet are freely used. Captain W. C. Y. Parker had two successive encounters with Federal officers, both of whom he felled with his sword, and beset by others of the enemy he was severely wounded, having received two bayonet wounds in the breast and one in his side and a musket wound breaking his left thigh. Lieutenant Michie had a hand-to-hand collision with an officer, and having just dealt a severe blow upon his adversary he fell, cut over the head with a saber-bayonet from behind, and had afterward three bayonet wounds in the face and two in the breast, all severe wounds, which he survived,

