
however, for three days. Many of the men received and gave in return bayonet wounds.

Having assaulted and carried this battery and driven the infantry into the woods to the left and beyond they hold it until the enemy reform and return in superior force, nad now they resist in a hand-to-hand conflict with the utmost pertinacity. There are no supports for them-no re-enforcements come, and they are at length forced to yield and retire to the pine woods on the right of the road and in rear some 150 or 200 yards, the enemy not pursuing, having left dead upon this field, in the battery and its vicinity, in front and rear beyond it, Capts. J. H. McMath, S. E. Bell, T. H. Halcombe, W. M. Bratton, and Lieutenant A. B. Cohen, commanding company; Lieutenant A. N. Steele and Lieutenant Michie, commanding company, were both mortally wounded and since dead; Capts. J. C. C. Sanders and W. C. Y. Parker severely wounded, and also Lieutenant J. H. Prince, commanding company, slightly, and Lieutenant R. H. Gordon dangerously; Forty-nine privates killed and Lieutenant Higginbotham and 11 privates taken prisoners.

The Eleventh Alabama retired, as above stated, to the right of the road into the pine woods, and there, together with the Ninth and Tenth Alabama, remained. From this position the battery on the right of the road was in full view and not more than 100 yards distant. The enemy made no effort to retake this battery, through their infantry continued to fire at long range upon our men then in the pine woods.

The Eight Alabama, as explained previously, became engaged with the enemy's infantry before reaching the batteries, and contending against superior forces maintained its ground until regiments from General Pryor's brigade, and afterward Feartherston's, arrived on this part of the field. The severity of the fight at this point of the field is evident from the the loss sustained by this regiment.

It was now sunset, and, other troops arriving upon the field, my brigade, with ammunition now quite exhausted, was withdrawn for some 150 or 200 yards and there remained until 9 p.m., when it was withdrawn from the field, other and fresh troops in sufficient force having arrived, and the enemy having been driven back from the field far to the rear.

I cannot close this report without assuring the major-general commanding that on this occasion both officers and men of my brigade behaved with remarkable coolness and gallantry, and I beg to call his attention to the fact that two of the enemy's batteries of six guns each were taken, and if one of them was retaken, it was only owing to the fact that overwhelming numbers were brought to bear against a solitary regiment unsupported, and which entered this engagement with 357 men, of which number 181 were killed and wounded, among whom was the commander of the regiment (Captain Field), who received two wounds, one through the leg and the other through the arm; and of the 10 officers commanding companies 5 were killed on the field near the battery, 1 has since died of his wounds, and 2 others were severely wounded and 1 slightly, there being but one company commander that escaped unhurt. Although this battery was retaken, I have no personal knowledge that the enemy ever again used it against us. The other battery remained in our possession and the enemy made no effort to retake it.

Of my four regimental commanders all were wounded. It gives me pleasure to bring to your particular notice the conduct of them all as deserving high praise. Lieutenant-Colonel Royston, commanding Eight Alabama, received a severe wound from a fragment of a shell.

