
Major Caldwell, commanding the Tenth Alabama, was also wounded by a piece of shell striking him over the eye. Captain [J. H.] King, commanding the Ninth Alabama, is deserving of especial praise for his coolness and bravery, and he also received a severe wound in the leg. Other officers and men of the different regiments gave evidence of marked courage in this sanguinary engagement.

A list of the killed and wounded in this battle has been forwarded before this. It will suffice in this report that I should state that the total loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 471, of which 16 are missing and since ascertained to have been make prisoners-a loss proportionately greater than in the engagement of the 27th ultimo.

Of the medical officers attached to the brigade it gives me pleasure to commend to your favorable notice Surgeon Royston, Eighth Alabama; Surgeon Minor, Ninth Alabama; Surgeon Taylor, Tenth Alabama, and Assistant Surgeon Saunders, Eleventh Alabama. They have each given abundant evidence of their skill and untiring industry and zeal in the treatment and constant care they have bestowed upon the wounded of their respective regiments.

The brigade quartermaster and commissary, Majors Pierce and Robertson, were active and efficient in providing promptly for the wants of the men in their respective departments.

To my personal staff-Captain W. A. Harris, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Walter E. Winn, Eleventh Alabama, aide-de-camp-my thanks are due for efficient service, cheerfully and promptly rendered at all times.

I beg leave also to call to your favorable notice one of my couriers, Private James C. Causey, of the Third Virginia Cavalry. He was of great service to me in the transmission of orders to various parts of my command, and often when under the heaviest fire; though not wounded, his clothing bears evidence of the dangers through which he has passed, being frequently perforated with Minie balls.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. WILCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding,&amp;c.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 305. Report of Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor,

C. S. Army, commanding Fifth Brigade, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH BRIGADE, July 29, 1862.

MAJOR:I beg to submit the following report of the operations of the Fifth Brigade in the recent engagement around Richmond:

About 11 o'clock in the night of June 26 I was directed by Major-General Longstreet to relieve the brigade of Colonel Colquit in its advanced position on the field of the day's fight. Expecting the enemy to renew the combat in the morning I disposed my regiments in such

