
In this brilliant fight my brigade bore a not unworthy part. Although they had been engaged with the enemy from the earliest dawn and had already suffered serious losses, they were not behind the foremost in the final victorious charge.

At Frazier's farm the position of my brigade was indicated by yourself. About 4 o'clock I received an order from Major-General Longstreet to go into the fight. At once I moved in line toward the field, but the wood and other obstructions forced me to form column and to send my regiments in successively. Arriving on the field, I discovered that the brigade on my right had been repulsed and that my command was exposed to a destructive fire on the flank as well as in front. Nevertheless they stood their ground and sustained the unequal combat until re-enforced by the brigade of General Gregg. We did not return to our original position until the enemy had abandoned the field and surrendered his artillery into our possession.

In this engagement my loss was uncommonly heavy in officers as well as men. The Fourteenth Alabama, bearing the brunt of the struggle, was nearly annihilated. I crossed the Chickahominy on the 26th with 1,400 men. In the fights that followed I suffered a loss of 849 killed and wounded and 11 missing.

In a report which I had the honor to submit some days ago I distinguished the officers whom I thought worthy of promotion. I will only add now that Captain V. Maurin, of the Donaldsonville Artillery, attached to my brigade, exhibited himself a most courageous and capable officer.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROGER A. PRYOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 306. Reports of Brigadier General Winfield S. Featherston,

C. S. Army, commanding Sixth Brigade, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

RICHMOND, VA., July 12, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixth Brigade, of Major-General Longstreet's division, in the late battles of the Chickahominy:

About 10 o'clock on the right of June 26 I crossed the Chickahominy with my brigade near Mechanicsville. We were marching at the head of General Longstreet's division, and passed through the town of Mechanicsville, halting not far on the other side.

Here we remained until about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 27th, when I was ordered with my brigade to relieve General Ripley and his command as soon as practicable. I immediately marched to General Ripley's position, which was about three-fourths of a mile to the right of the road we traveled to Mechanicsville, and about the same distance from the town and near Beaver Dam Creek, some distance above its connection with the Chickahominy. The position of the enemy and the nature of the ground were unknown to me, for a knowledge of which I was dependent upon a short interview with General Ripley, who had occupied the position the evening before and that night until

