
their artillery, four pieces of which were passed over by my brigade and a number of prisoners taken by them, and finally to flee in wild confusion. Our troops held the ground and occupied their encampments that night.

The struggle was a desperate one from the time our troops were ordered to advance until the close of the fight, about three hours; they were opposed by superior numbers, and exposed to the heaviest kind of artillery and infantry fire. While these three brigades were attacking the enemy from the direction of Gaines' house our column was moving simultaneously on our left.

Our loss was heavy in this engagement, but it is believed that the enemy suffered much more severely, notwithstanding he fought under the cover of his works, with every advantage in the ground, and with the additional advantage of a position for his artillery which commanded the entire field occupied by our troops. I directed Captain Smith's battery to be planted on a hill not far from Gaines' farm, the most commanding position that could be found in the open field in which we were marching. From this position he fired several rounds at the enemy immediately in front and some distance to the right in the woods.

I regretted to lose in this engagement Major Mullins, in command of the Nineteenth Mississippi Regiment, who was severely, though not mortally, wounded.

A list of the casualties in the different regiments is herewith transmitted; also a list of those who were particularly distinguished in the action.

To the members of my staff who were present-Captain Parker and Lieutenant Redding (Lieutenant Sykes having been sent to Richmond by me)-I am indebted for the promptness and coolness with which all orders were executed.

To the commissary department, under charge of Major Partridge, and the medical department, under the charge of Dr. Craft, and the quartermaster's department, under charge of Major Barksdale, we were greatly indebted for the industry and attention displayed by them in supplying our wants in their respective departments.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. S. FEATHERSTON,

Brigadier General, Commanding Sixth Brigade, Longstreet's Division.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

A. A. G., Major-General Longstreet's Division.

RICHMOND, VA., July 12, 1862.

SIR: On Monday morning, June 30, General Longstreet's division engaged the enemy to the left of the Darbytown road, some 15 miles from this place and not far from the James River. This was about 4 o'clock in the evening. The engagement soon became general from his right to his left. My brigade was held in reserve at the beginning of the fight, but about 5 o'clock in the evening was ordered to attack the enemy on the left of General Longstreet's division. As I passed up to the place designated I found the contest was becoming very hot on the left, and I thought the enemy advancing. On reaching General

50 R R-VOL XI, PT II

