
No. 307. Reports of Major General Benjamin Huger,

C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations June 25-July 1, including the engagement at King's School House, of Oak Grove, action at Brackett's, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS OF DIVISION,Falling Creek, Chesterfield County, July 21, 1862.

GENERAL: I submit herewith the reports of different commanders in this division, showing the part taken by the troops under their command in the battles near Richmond between June 25 and July 1:

Immediately after the battle of Seven Pines my division was posted in the advance opposite that position of the enemy from which our troops retired on the morning of June 2. Our line extended from the York River Railroad across the Williamsburg road to and beyond the Charles City road. Major-General Longstreet, commanding right wing, furnished additional brigades to assist in performing the arduous picket duty, and placed all the troops of his command at my disposal for support in case of need. I continually pushed the pickets up to the enemy's works and offered them battle daily, always shooting or capturing every individual we could.

The enemy made no advance upon us, and seemed to be occupied in strengthening and enlarging his fortifications and clearing away the woods near them until June 18, when he advanced and drove in some of our pickets. The Fifty-third Virginia Regiment, on picket duty that day, were driven in on part of the line. Colonel [A. R.] Wright came to their assistance with his regiment (the Third Georgia) and drove the enemy back.

In the course of the next day or two we found and buried 29 bodies of the enemy who were killed in this skirmish; 11 prisoners also being captured, from which we may suppose their loss was severe. The Fifty-third Virginia had 7 wounded. The Third Georgia had 5 killed and 2 wounded. I consider that the enemy were severely punished for their attempt.

On the morning of June 25 the brigade of Brigadier-General Ransom (six regiments of North Carolina troops) joined me, by your order, and was placed in rear of our line as a support. The picket line, which extended through the woods close up to the enemy's works, consisted of the Fourth Georgia Regiment, Colonel [George] Doles, on the right of the Williamsburg road, and the Ninth Virginia Regiment, Fifth Virginia Battalion, and Fifty-third Virginia Regiment, of General Armistead's brigade, between the Williamsburg road and the railroad.

At daylight the enemy made a severe attack on our picket line, which was re-enforced by Generals Armistead and Wright bringing up their regiments from our intrenchments, and by the regiments of General Ransom's brigade, which had just arrived, and were promptly brought up by him as supports. One of the latter regiments (the Twenty-fifth North Carolina, Colonel [Henry M.] Rutledge) was pushed to the left of the Williamsburg road, where the enemy had advanced, and drove them back in gallant style, holding our original line of pickets. General Armistead's troops, pushing back the enemy, resumed our line of pickets from Colonel Rutledge's left to the railroad. General Wright brought forward the First Louisiana Regiment, and the Twenty-second Georgia to the support of the Fourth Georgia, and drove the enemy back; in doing which our loss was considerable, especially

