
my right about 200 yards from the road, until sundown, when I was ordered to advance toward the bridge over White Oak Swamp, and occupied the ground between Nelson's house and the road, throwing forward Companies A and H to close the interval between the Fifty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers and Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, which positions was held until ordered to march into the road toward James River, where we arrived shortly after daylight.

Previous to the march to Malverton I was forced by severe indisposition to again turn over the command to Captain Striker.

I have to report the following casualties in the regiment since it left the intrenchments at Fair Oaks: Corpl. Frederick Sparr, Company F, killed at Nelson's farm; William Hepson, Company G, wounded, Nelson's farm; Jacob Bowers, Company K, killed at Malverton.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. BAILY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Second Regiment Delaware Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 23. Report of Colonel Joseph C. Pinckney,

Sixty-sixth New York Infantry, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH Regiment NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, July 5, 1862.

SIR: On Sunday morning, June 29, the Sixty-sixth Regiment occupied the breastworks at Fair Oaks to the left of and right of the railroad. At daybreak we received orders to abandon this position and fall back by the railroad track. We halted at Allen's farm, and formed in column closed in mass on the left of the road facing the enemy. Shortly after we moved to the left and formed line of battle across the wagon road. At about 10 a.m. we changed position to the rear in the woods, so that the line was perpendicular to last position. The enemy threw solid shot and shell, but failed to dislodge us. At 12 o'clock m., finding that a general falling back of the force was taking place, I made a flank movement to the left, and followed the Fifty-second Regiment New York Volunteers thence to the rear, and marched parallel with the railroad through the woods until we arrived at Savage Station. We formed line of battle facing the railroad, looking north. At about 6 o'clock p.m. I threw forward skirmishers and advanced skirmishers and advanced my line to within 100 yards of the railroad and sent forward pickets for the night.

The night was very dark, and a heavy rain-storm set in. At 9 o'clock p.m. I received orders to draw in my pickets and retire, which being done, I reported my command to Brigadier-General French, who directed me to retire by the road, following the Sixty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers. Continued marching until nearly break of day, when we arrived at the ford of White Oak Swamp Monday morning, June 30, at 4 o'clock, and crossed and halted for rest at Nelson's farm.

At 9 o'clock we took up position along the road preparatory to a march. At about 12 o'clock m. the enemy opened upon our position

---------------

*But see revised statement,p.24.

---------------

