
powerful battery of rifled guns opened on us. General Mahone disposed his troops and advanced a battery of artillery (Moorman's), and a sharp artillery fire was kept up for some time. The enemy's fire was very severe, and we had many men killed and wounded. List of casualties sent herewith.*

I went to the front and examined the position. I withdrew most of our guns and only kept up a moderate fire. On our left the White Oak Swamp approached very near; the right appeared to be good ground, and I determined to turn the battery by moving a column of infantry to my right. It was now dark. I issued the following order for the morning: Order for Armistead's and Wright's brigades to move to the right; Mahone to push pickets forward and move on as soon as the road was clear; Ransom to follow.

My headquarters Monday night was at Mrs. Fisher's. Wright reported the camps on White Oak Swamp abandoned. He went on to White Oak Bridge, where he met General Jackson, who informed me he was stopped at that point by the destruction of the bridge. General Wright, having only infantry, crossed the swamp and joined me at Mrs. Fisher's Monday evening, June 30.

Tuesday, July 1, at 3 a.m., I saw Armistead with his brigade ready to move, but passing through the woods the progress was slow; as soon as he cleared the road Wright followed. I now received notice from General Longstreet that the Charles City road was clear, and was much disappointed that General Mahone had not discovered the retreat during the night. He informed me he saw the pickets this morning, which was true, for, on advancing, the pickets gave themselves up as prisoners and said the army had retired without ordering them in.

I now pushed on as rapidly as I could with Ransom's and Mahone's brigades; we were delayed by meeting our troops (first Cobb's brigade and afterward Jackson's troops), and I had no one to show us what road to take. Major Taylor, aide-de-camp to General Lee, came up and conducted us to the front, where I reported to General Lee. I found Armistead's and Wright's brigades on front line, exactly opposite the enemy, who were posted in large force, with powerful batteries of artillery, on a commanding plateau near Crew's house.

On riding to the ravine where these brigades were posted the action commenced between the pickets. I had previously, by direction of General Lee, sent Mahone's brigade to support Cobb's, and as the action progressed, at the request of General Magruder, I ordered Ransom's brigade to report to him. All the brigades of my division were thus sent into the battle and were engaged in the attack on the enemy's batteries. They were during the action under the immediate command of General Magruder.

As the different brigades of my division were sent forward into the battle at Malvern Hill, and I was directed to report them to another commander, though present myself, I was not in command during this battle. As I was treated in the same manner at Seven Pines, I can only hope this course was accidental and required by the necessities of the service. I therefore make no report, and I have to refer of other commanders, for details of the action of Malvern Hill. After this battle, as required, the division was occupied, under my orders, in removing the wounded and burying the dead.

From my personal staff I received every assistance, and I beg to name Lieutenant Colonel S. S. Anderson, assistant adjutant-general; Captain

---------------

*Embodied in returns, p.981.

---------------

