
Benjamin Huger, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Sloan and Preston, aides-de-camp; Lieuts. Willoughby Anderson (Engineers) and Thomas Pinckney, volunteer aides-de-camp, as officers who rendered important service, and to whom my thanks are especially due.

To Surg. E. N. Wood, medical director, and Major J. A. Johnston, quartermaster, I beg to call the attention of the general for the prompt care bestowed on the wounded and the transportation of them to the hospitals, &amp;c.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

FALLING CREEK, July 21, 1862.

GENERAL: In forwarding my reports of the different engagement of the division which I commanded I have to request of you, as a reward to the regiments who most distinguished themselves, that an order be given authorizing the following regiments to inscribe on their banners as follows:

1st, the Third Georgia Volunteers, "South Mills;" 2nd, the First Louisiana Volunteers, "King's School-House;" 3rd, the Fourth Georgia Volunteers, "King's School-House;" 4th, the Twenty-fifth North Carolina, "King's School-House;" 5th, the Forty-ninth Virginia Volunteers, "King's School-House."

The whole division was sent forward in the battle at Malvern Hill on July 1, but as the brigades were sent to report to other commanders, I am unable to make a special report of that action.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding.

No. 308. Reports of Brigadier General Robert Ransom, jr.,

C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, Department of North Carolina, temporarily attached to Huger's division, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, and battle of Malvern Hill.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Drewby's Bluff, Va., July 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the different regiments composing my brigade at the time on the 25th, 26th, and 27th of last month:

On the 24th ultimo the brigade left Petersburg for Richmond, with orders to report to General Lee. About 10 o'clock at night I reached Richmond with the Twenty-fifth North Carolina Volunteers (Colonel Rutledge), the Twenty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, and Forty-ninth having preceded, the Twenty-sixth and Forty-eighth being left to follow.

Before daylight on the 25th all had reached Richmond. Upon my

