
arrival in Richmond I received orders to report to General Huger, to be placed by him in reserve on the Williamsburg road. At an early hour I started the troops, giving directions for them to report to General Huger.

At 9 a.m. I reported at the headquarters of General Huger for orders, and, after waiting for an hour or more, ascertained that General Wright had sent back and order forward two of my regiments (the Twenty-fifth and Forty-ninth, Colonels Rutledge and [S. D] Ramseur). I at once went to the front and passed the intrenchments, when I learned that Colonel Rutledge's regiment was then actually engaging the enemy just to the left of the Williamsburg road, about three-fourths of a mile in front of our works. From that time, 11 a.m., until sunset this regiment held in check the enemy's troops, who three times attempted to force them, but without effect.

About 6 p.m. the enemy opened upon that regiment with grape, but they held their position without wavering until Captain Huger, with a section of his battery, completely silenced the fire of the enemy. During the whole afternoon the enemy was throwing shell and at one time very rapidly. Casualties, 2 killed and several wounded. This was the first time that this regiment (Twenty-fifth) was ever under fire, although in service for nearly a year. The regiment behaved admirably, and I am proud to bear witness to its unwavering gallantry.

The Forty-ninth North Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Ramseur, was the next to take position under fire on June 25. It was placed in support of a regiment of Colonel Wright's and several casualties occurred. In the afternoon it was relieved by the Twenty-fourth, Colonel [William J.] Clarke.

On several occasions from the 25th to the 29th the regiment was under fire and acted handsomely. It had then been in the service only about two moths. I have before reported its conduct on the 1st instant.

The Twenty-fourth, Colonel Clarke, relieved Colonel Ramseur's regiment in the afternoon, and was pushed forward to the advance pickets, where it met a severe fire, but it repulsed the enemy and captured several muskets. During the evening 2 were killed and 7 wounded. At sunset the regiment was relieved.

On the 27th the regiment went again on picket. During the afternoon the enemy attempted to dislodge it with both artillery and infantry, but without effect. At 2 o'clock at night he made an attack, but was signally repulsed.

Early on the morning of the 28th the line was advanced, a few prisoners captured, and the enemy's pickets driven to his works. This regiment had never before been under fire, and its conduct deservedly received my commendation.

The Forty-eighth, Colonel R. C. Hill, early in the day (June 25) had been thrown out to support Colonel Doles. During the afternoon, by some misapprehension, it had retired to the works a few hundred yards in rear. As soon as I ascertained this fact the regiment was ordered out to its former position. This was about 6 p.m. Hardly had the regiment gotten to the ground before the enemy was seen advancing in strong force. Colonel Hill had formed his regiment just in front of French's house, behind a low hill and under the cover of a fence. Before the approach of the enemy, the regiment, which was lying down, rose, charged, and drove him back several hundred yards, covering the ground with his dead and wounded. There were known to have been two regiments (the First New York and Tenth Indiana) opposed to them.

