
Colonel Hill's loss was 18 killed and from 60 to 80 wounded. He was made no official report, as on the day after this he was detailed from my brigade and I have not since been able to communicate with him. Colonel Hill was conspicuously gallant. His regiment was only two months old, and I am happy to have witnessed its courage.

At sunset June 25 Colonel [M. W.] Ransom's regiment (Thirty-fifth North Carolina Volunteers) relieved the Twenty-fifth on picket. About 9.30 p.m. the enemy, under cover of darkness, approached to within less than 100 yards, and opened with a heavy fire of musketry upon the regiment. The fire was instantly returned with fearful effect, as the enemy was standing and our men lying down. A small portion of the regiment became disordered, but the colonel soon brought them into position, and although twice afterward during the night they were attacked, the regiment held its position until morning without giving a foot of ground, losing 1 killed and 5 wounded. At the battle of New Berne this regiment is said to have acted badly. On the night of the 25th ultimo and 1st instant it acted with wonderful staunchness and admirable gallantry. Any officer many be proud to command it.

At a little before dark June 25 Colonel [Z. B.] Vance, Twenty-sixth North Carolina Volunteers, relieved the Twenty-fourth in front of the enemy. During the night it was attacked by a strong body of the enemy. Most of the regiment held its ground and did good service. A part, however, became detached and left its position, which it did not retake until morning. The loss was 3 killed and 8 wounded.

On June 27 the regiment was again on picket, pushed to the front, and took possession of some unfinished works of the enemy. Just as it was about to be relieved it was attacked by the enemy, but returned the fire so briskly and with such effect as to drive them back. The loss to us was 2 wounded.

In making this report I am without any official communication from Colonels Hill and Ramseur. The cause of the absence of a report in case of Colonel Hill I have explained. Colonel Ramseur was severely wounded on the 1st instant in the engagement, and has not been able to communicate with me since. My brigade was composed of new troops, and those principally who had never been under fire of any description.

During the whole of the afternoon of the 25th all of them were subjected to quite a lively fire from the enemy's artillery, and during that and the conflicts of the days and nights subsequent it behaved in a manner highly creditable to well-tried veterans. To all the field officers I owe thanks, particularly to Colonels Clarke, Rutledge, Ransom, and Ramseur.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, jr.,

Brigadier-General.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

General Huger's Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, HOLMES' DIVISION,Drewry's Bluff, Va., July 11, 1862.

SIR: Having been temporarily attached to General Huger's command at the time, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the action on Malvern Hill during the afternoon and evening of the 2nd [1st?] instant:

