
batteries. We steadily advanced to within 20 yards of the guns. The enemy had concentrated his force to meet us. Our onward movement was checked, the line wavered, and fell back before a fire the intensity of which is beyond description. It was a bitter disappointment to be compelled to yield when their guns seemed almost in our hands. It was now dark, and I conceived it best to withdrawn the brigade, which was quickly done to near the point from which we had started at about 7 o'clock.

Although we did not succeed in taking the enemy's guns, I am proud to bear testimony to the resolute and gallant charge of the brigade. Officers and men behaved in every way as becomes the soldier of the Southern Confederacy.

While I cannot but be happy in commending those who survive, we must not pass unnoticed the gallant dead, and most conspicuous among them the noble young Lieutenant-Colonel Petway, who fell at the head of his regiment.

I should do injustice if I failed to mention the conspicuous conduct of Colonels Rutledge, Ransom, and Ramseur, the two latter being severely wounded. Major [John W.] Francis, too, of the Twenty-fifth, deserves the highest approbation.

To my staff, Lieutenant J. G. Ashe, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant W. E. Broadnax, aide-de-camp, and Captain Fred. Blake, volunteer aide-de-camp, I am indebted for valuable assistance on the field. To Lieutenant J. L. Henry, First North Carolina Cavalry, ordnance officer, I must express my thanks for his energy and zeal in collecting arms and accouterments under fire.

A list of casualties is hereto appended: Sixty-nine killed, 354, wounded, 76 missing; total, 499.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, jr.,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

A. A. G., General Huger's Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DEPT. NORTH CAROLINA,Drewry's Bluff, July 26, 1862.

General J. B. MAGRUDER:

DEAR SIR: Your note of a few days ago has just reached me. In reply I have to say that my brigade remained upon the field until after 10 o'clock p.m. on the night of the 1st instant, when I withdrew the greater part; some of it, however, did stay on the field until morning, but by accident.

The action taken by it was late in the evening, and the last attempt upon the batteries by it was made just before dark, and receiving orders from no one, I withdrew the brigade to a point where it could be used in any direction. Our attempt to take the batteries of the enemy opposite to our right was the last effort made in that part of the field. The loss sustained in our force was 499. Three colones wounded, 1 lieutenant-colonel killed, and several other field officers and many company officers killed and wounded. Most of my troops were green, two of the regiments being not more than two months old.

The behavior of all highly creditable. I believe we failed to take the batteries from two causes-want of support and darkness.

Very respectfully,

R. RANSOM, jr.,

Brigadier-General.

