
No. 309. Report of Captain Joseph Graham,

Company C, Tenth North Carolina Troops, commanding Brem's Battery, of engagement at Malvern Cliff.

CAMP DREWRY, VA., July 25, 1862.

Yesterday I was informed by my brigade commander, General R. Ransom, jr., that the impression prevailed with General Lee that the guns lost in the engagement at Malvern Hill on June 30 belonged to a North Carolina battery. This battery, under command of Captain T. H. Brem, was the only one from North Carolina in the battle, and lost no guns at all. Since that time, Captain Brem having resigned, I have been promoted to the captaincy, and I presume the mistake has arisen in consequence of the identity of the two names, that of Captain Graham, from Petersburg, Va., who lost two guns, and my own. His case is now undergoing an examination before a court-martial in Petersburg.

At the time of the engagement we were in General Holmes' division, and under the immediate supervision of Colonel Deshler, his chief of artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH GRAHAM,

Captain, Commanding Company C, Tenth North Carolina Troops.

Colonel CHILTON.

No. 310. Reports of Brigadier General William Mahone,

C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 1-July 1, including the engagement at Oak Grove, skirmish at Jordon's Ford, action at Brackett's, and battle of Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, VA., VOLS., HUGER'S DIV., July 10, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding the following report is submitted of the services performed by this brigade subsequent to the battle of Seven Pines, Sunday, June 1, to that of Malvern Hill, Tuesday, July 1, inclusive:

Having returned from the battle-field of Seven Pines Monday, June 2, it was assigned to position on our front line, upon the Charles City road, at Parada's house, connecting on the left with Brigadier-General Wright's brigade, stationed in like manner on the Williamsburg road. Being wholly unsupported on the right toward the Darbytown road, the protection of a long line was committed to its charge, which, in its diminished condition, numbering only about 1,800 men and officers, imposed constant and vigilant exertions. For four weeks the laborious duties incident to this outpost position were cheerfully and faithfully performed by the troops, though often with severe trials to their health, owing no less to the season of the year than to the locality which they occupied.

During this period several skirmishes between scouting parties in advance of the lines occurred, but no engagement of any consequence except that at French's field, on Wednesday, June 25, upon which a separate report is submitted.

