
examination of the ground he occupied. Meantime two pieces of Moorman's battery were put in position and opened fire upon his lines, which was returned with great energy and effect. This continued until late at night.

The loss of the brigade in this engagement was serious, considering that it was confined exclusively to the artillery, the conduct of whose officers and men deserve high commendation, and especially that of Captain Moorman, who directed the operation of his pieces under a galling fire with great vigor and self-possessed deliberation. He loss in killed 1 man; in wounded 1 lieutenant, 2 non-commissioned officers, and 1 private.

The Forty-first Virginia, which suffered more severely than any other regiment, owing to its position as a supporting force to our battery, and where it behaved well under the authority of the gallant Parham, lost in killed 1 officer and 17 privates and in wounded 18 privates.

The Forty-ninth Virginia, occupying like relations to the battery, with the same commendable firmness, stimulated by the characteristic coolness of its fearless commander, Colonel William Smith, also suffered heavily under this fire, losing in killed 2 men and 28 wounded.

The Sixth Virginia, which firmly maintained its place on the right of our front, lost in killed 1 commissioned officer and 2 privates and in wounded 2 privates.

When it is considered that these regiments suffered this entire loss from a terrific cannonading of short duration, which it was impossible for them in any manner to return, their intrepidity cannot be too much admired.

The next morning, Tuesday, July 1, we took up our march along the Charles City road and thence into the Quaker road, under the more immediate directions of the major-general commanding, until reaching the scene of the engagement of that day, when, by his order, the brigade was reported to Major-General Magruder, by whom it was at once put into the battle of Malvern Hill, in connection with which its conduct and casualties are made the subject of a separate report.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MAHONE,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

[Assistant] Adjutant-General, Huger's Division.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, VA. VOLS., HUGER'S DIV.,In Field, July 10, 1862.

COLONEL: The importance given by Major-General McClellan, U. S. Army, to the engagement which took place in French's field Wednesday, June 25, between a portion of his forces and those of Major-General Huger's command, in front of our lines on the Williamsburg road, makes it but just to the troops of this brigade that the part performed by them in that action should be recorded. It is apparent, from the dispatches of the Federal commander to his Government, that he was present in person directing the attack, and that he looked to it as the beginning of a genera demonstration upon our lines. The series of victories achieved by our army immediately subsequent may give to this day's proceedings still more consequence.

This brigade, it will be remembered, occupied that portion of our

