
front lines which covered the Charles City road, its passes,and approaches, while that of Brigadier-General Wright held a like position on the Williamsburg road immediately on my left.

Early on the morning of June 25 it was discovered that the enemy were pressing with energy upon General Wright's front. Assistance from this brigade was immediately tendered, but in a short time General Wright, sustained by a portion of Brigadier-General Ransom's brigade, succeeded in driving him back over the ground he had so boldly presumed to occupy and the firing had now ceased. With the view, however, of providing against a renewal of the attack by the enemy with an increased force, and any attempt which might be made to flank General Wright's position on the right of his line, where, it appeared, he was not sufficiently protected, a large portion of this brigade, with two pieces of Grimes' artillery, were brought up and placed in position, the former under cover of woods and the latter masked.

Soon after skirmishing with some severity was renewed on General Wright's front, and in the afternoon a vigorous attempt was made to turn his flank where I had anticipated such effort would be made. For this, however, we were prepared, and a few well-directed shots from Grimes' pieces drove the enemy with loss and confusion from his position, but in a few minutes he returned to the conflict under cover of a piece of artillery, which was placed in position favorable to his contemplated advance.

At this point of time, now late in the evening, Colonel Hill

s regiment, of Ransom's brigade, moved forward in line of battle, supported on the left by Colonel Doles' regiment, of Wright's brigade. The firing now became active and serious in its effects. Colonel Hill's regiment, having moved up close upon the enemy in his covered position, had suffered severely and for a moment gave way. Their ground, however, was promptly occupied by the Twelfth and a battalion of the Sixth Virginia Regiment, of this brigade.

Meantime Colonel Smith, of the Forty-ninth, whose regiment, with that of the Forty-first and the Second Battalion of the Sixth Virginia, had been placed in a skirt of woods leading out on the enemy's left flank, most opportunely moved forward and attacked him upon his rear and flank. Thus pressed simultaneously upon front and flank the enemy fled precipitately, leaving a large number of his dead and wounded scattered upon the field. Colonel Smith captured nine prisoners.

The timely appearance of Colonel Smith with his regiment, his deliberate and judicious direction of its actions, rendered, the combined movement of our forces at this point eminently successful. His written report to me is herewith forwarded as an interesting in connection with the engagement.

In this action the Forty-ninth had 2 officers and 6 men wounded, the Sixth Virginia 1 man wounded, and the Twelfth 23 men wounded.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM MAHONE,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

[Assistant] Adjutant-General, Huger's Division.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, VA. VOLS., HUGER'S DIV., July 15, 1862.

COLONEL: In conformity to usage and in compliance with the major-

