
Numbers 90.-Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of Battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 91.-Brigadier General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, commanding Second division, of operations June 24-July 3.

Numbers 92.-Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations June 24-July 2.

Numbers 93.-Brigadier General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Corps, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), engagement at Turkey Bridge, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 94.-Colonel John F. Fransworth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry, of skirmish near Hanover Court-House, battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, and skirmish at Dispatch Station.

Numbers 95.-Colonel William W. Averell, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations June 26-July 2.

Numbers 96.-Colonel Henry J. Hunt, commanding Artillery Reserve, of operations June 26-July 1.

Numbers 97.-Lieutenant Colonel William Hays, commanding Brigade of Horse Artillery, of operations May 6-July 1.

Numbers 98.-Captain John C. Tidball, Light Battery A, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations June 27-July 6, including the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 99.-Captain James M. Robertson, Battery B and L, Second U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Williamsburg, skirmishes at New Kent Court-House and New Bridge, battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill, and engagement at Malvern Cliff.

Numbers 100.-Captain Henry Benson, Second U. S. Artillery, of operations June 28-July 2, including the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 101.-Lieutenant Colonel George W. Getty, commanding Second Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of operations June 26-July 1.

Numbers 102.-Lieutenant Alanson M. Randol, Battery E, First U. S. Artillery, of operations May 27-June 30, including the battle of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm).

Numbers 103.-Lieutenant Samue. S. Elder, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, of operations June 27-July 3.

Numbers 104.-Lieutenant Charles H. Morgan, Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of operations June 19-July 4.

Numbers 105.-Lieutenant Adelbert Ames, Battery A, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of action at Garnett's Farm and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 106.-Captain John R. Smead, Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of operations May 11-July 2, including the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill and engagement at Turkey Bridge.

Numbers 107.-Major Albert Arndt, First Battalion New York Light Artillery, commanding Third Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of action at Garnett's Farm, the battles of Gaines' Mill and Glendale, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 108.-Captain John W. Wolcott, Battery A, Maryland Light Artillery, of operations June 26-July 1, including the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 109.-Captain Alonzo Snow, Battery B, Maryland Light Artillery, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 110.-Captain J. Howard Carlisle, Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, and Fifth Brigade, Artillery Reserve, of operations June 27-July 4, including the action at Garnett's Farm, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 111.-Captain La Rhett L. Livingston, commanding Batteries F and K, Third U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

