
with a terrific fire of round shot, rifled shot, and shell. Our position being parallel and near the road, which seemed to be the point toward which their fire was directed, a change of front was ordered, so as to present a line of battle toward the enemy. The fire of the enemy continued for several hours, during which the only casualty in my command was the wounding in the arm by a fragment of a shell of 1 enlisted men.

I now received orders to change front forward and occupy the woods to our left, from where we were informed the enemy menaced us. I deployed my command as skirmishers, and occupied this position uninterruptedly until the arrival of General Burns' brigade, which relieved us, and I retreated to my former position in the open field. At 7 o'clock p.m. I advanced my line of battle to the front in support of Hazzard's battery, which had occupied this point during the day to prevent the enemy from building a bridge across White Oak Swamp. I sent forward skirmishers in front and to the left, at which last point I drew the fire of the enemy. By order of Brigadier-General Richardson I moved my battalion forward and took a position in and around Nelson's house, with orders to hold it. At 9.30 o'clock p.m. retired as per orders and joined the column, marching all night, arrived at 4.30 a.m., and bivouacked in a clover field behind Malverton.

At 9 o'clock a.m. July 1 received orders to march. Advanced by the road, and ascended the hill at Malverton and formed of battle on the crest of the hill while being shelled by the enemy's guns. At 6 p.m. we changed front forward in support of a battery. At 7.45 p.m. I advanced the line and rested in front of woods.

At 2 o'clock a.m. July 2 I received orders to retire and join column en route to James River. At 8 o'clock a.m. we arrived near Harrison's Landing and bivouacked.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOS. C. PINCKNEY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. W. PLUME,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, French's Brigade.

No. 24. Report of Brigadier General John Sedgwick,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SUMNER'S CORPS, Harrison's Landing, Va., July 5, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by this division in the march made and the actions fought by this army during June 29 and 30 and July 1 and 2:

The division left its camp at Fear Oaks immediately after daybreak June 29, and formed in line of battle faced to the rear on the left of Richardson's division, on Allen's farm, between Orchard and Savage Stations, on the Richmond and York River Railroad. The enemy appeared and attacked about 9 a.m., but was successfully held in check. At about noon, all firing having been suspended, the command crossed the railroad and fell back to the high ground south of

