
artillery, at first and for a while indicating by their movements the purpose of a descent upon our ambulance corps and details then employed on the field, the one in their legitimate duties and the other in collecting scattered arms and accouterments.

The small body of troops now remaining upon the field and under my command were of my own brigade exclusively, and with but few exceptions of the Twelfth Virginia, the exertions and gallantry of whose colonel (D. A. Weisiger,esq.) in conducting the operations of his regiment merit high commendation. With these I continued to hold the ground which we had occupied during that night, mainly with the view of protecting our details from any onslaught by the enemy's cavalry, employing details from my own limited force to care for the wounded and to gather up the scattered arms and accouterments in my own immediate vicinity.

This work completed, and the enemy's cavalry having withdrawn and other bodies of our own troops having come upon the field, I withdrew my small band, which was now much in need of rest and food.

It would be unjust, perhaps, to particularize any acts of personal gallantry, as my own inability to overlook the conduct of all might lead to injustice to some equally distinguished for deeds of heroism. The banners, however, of the regiments of this brigade which were engaged in the fight (the Sixth, Sixteenth, Twelfth, and Forty-first Virginia Regiments) bear evidence of [the] severity of the fire under which they were pressed upon the enemy's lines; unfortunately that of the Sixteenth - which was borne forward with conspicuous gallantry by Lieutenant-Colonel [Joseph H.] Ham, commanding, and returned to me completely riddled and its staff shattered to pieces - was taken by some unworthy hand during the night we remained upon the field.

Lieutenant-Colonel [William A.] Parham, of the Forty-first, the only field officer with the regiment, was unfortunately seriously wounded while boldly, leading his regiment into action, and on this account this regiment participated to a less extent in the fight, though it suffered quite as much, owing to its exposed position while engaged.

The brigade carried into this battle 30 commissioned officers and 1,133 non-commissioned officers and privates, and lost in killed, 4 officers and 35 men; wounded, 13 officers and 151 men; missing, 120 men.

All of which, colonel, is respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM MAHONE,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

[Assistant] Adjutant-General, Huger's Division.

No. 311. Report of Captain Carey F. Grimes,

commanding battery, of the engagement at French's Field, or King's School-House (Oak Grove), and battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP NEAR FALLING CREEK, VA., July 21, 1862.

SIR: Below please find a report of the movements of my battery from June 20 last, when I was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Mahone, on the advanced lines, for the purpose of relieving Captain Moormau's battery:

51 R R-VOL XI, PT II

