
After reporting to General Mahone we were expecting an engagement with the enemy every day, but had none until the 25th, on which day we discovered the enemy on the opposite side of French's farm, between the Charles City and Williamsburg roads, at which place I engaged them with one section of my battery at 850 yards' distance, driving the enemy from his position. I afterward moved one piece up to French's house, within 450 yards of his position, and opened on him, which was quickly replied to by him with a

12-pounder Parrott rifle gun; but I had the pleasure of driving him from his position leaving his horses and gun behind, which fact I was not aware of until informed of it the next morning by Colonel Smith, of the Forty-ninth Virginia, and others. The enemy was then attacked by a portion of three regiments of General Mahone's brigade - the Twelfth, Sixth, and Forty-ninth Virginia. The Fourth Georgia and Twenty-eighth North Carolina Regiments were also on the field. The enemy was driven from the field, making a complete stampede. I had the good luck on that day to lose neither man nor horse.

Nothing of importance occurred with my battery after the 25th until July 1. On that day I was on the Charles City road with General Mahone's brigade, and was ordered back to Darbytown road to report to Brigadier-General Armistead, which I immediately did. When I arrived at the position and reported General Armistead told me that a captain had just reported his battery to him for duty, and directed me to report to the first general I saw, and General Wright being the first I reported to him, and which talking with General Wright General Armistead's aide came up, stating that General Armistead had become disgusted with the captain that bad reported his battery to him and had driven with his battery from the field, and that he wished to see General Wright. General Wright asked me to ride with him, which I did. When we found General Armistead he told General Wright that the captain alluded to above had formed so many excuses about getting his battery on the field that he had driven him from the field, and that he wanted General Wright to send a battery that was willing to go in and engage the enemy. General Wright told him he had one, naming mine. General Armistead asked me if I could carry my battery on the hill. I told him if any battery in the world could go mine could. He directed General Wright to show me the position to take, which he did. I found the enemy with their batteries planted and their infantry drawn up in line of battle at about 1,200 yards distant. I then went to the rear for my battery and carried it on the field. As soon as the battery entered the field the enemy opened fire on it killing 1 man and wounding 3 and killing 1 horse and wounding 2 before I fired a gun. I unlimbered and commenced firing as soon as possible and with telling effect on the enemy.

I remained on the field about two hours. Lost 3 men killed outright and 8 wounded; 2 of them have since died. I lost 10 public horses killed and 7 wounded; 1 of them has since died. My own private horse was killed; also my first lieutenant's horse.

My officers behaved very well, but fell it to be my duty to speak more particularly of First Lieutenant John H. Thompson, who remained on the field with me until the last gun was taken off. I had so many horses killed and wounded that it took three trips to get my guns all off. My men, with a few exceptions, acted nobly.

On the next day, the 2nd, Colonel de Lagnel, chief of artillery, ordered me back to the old camp, near Richmond, to refit my battery. As soon as I completed it, I was ordered by yourself to camp near

