
Falling Creek, on the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike, where I now am, with my battery complete and in good condition, ready and willing to meet the invader of our soil at any time anywhere.

I have, general, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. GRIMES,

Captain Field Battery, Virginia Volunteers.

Major General B. HUGER.

No. 312. Report of Colonel William Smith,

Forty-ninth Virginia Infantry, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove.

HDQRS.49TH VA. VOLS., 2nd Brigadier, HUGER'S DIV., July -, 1862.

GENERAL: In consequence of the degree of importance attached to the battle of June 25, within the lines or front of Brigadier-General Wright, and of your order, I respectfully report as follows:

On the morning of June 25, a considerable firing having been heard on your left, or rather on the right of General Wright's position, your ordered me to move my regiment, consisting of about 150 rank and file, being the number not on other duty. Approaching the scene of conflict, your ordered me to take a position in the woods to present a movement which you thought the enemy might make to flank one of our regiments, the Fourth Georgia, which had had lain down in the wheat near French's house, or to flank the enemy, should it at any time prove judicious to do so. Having ordered the Forty-first Virginia to support me, I remained in my position some hours, when shortly before sunset a large regiment, the Forty-eighth North Carolina, Colonel [Robert C.] Hill, appeared upon the field in line of battle and opened upon the enemy with spirit and effect. Just before doing so I received your order to flank the enemy. The order was promptly obeyed. I was moving by the left flank, and ordered the Forty-first Virginia to keep close to my right. Before, however, my flank movement was completed,by being within a satisfactory distance of the enemy, the North Carolina Carolinians broke and precipitately retired, the enemy pursuing them.

With but a fragment of my own regiment and unsupported by the Forty-first Virginia, which had been unaccountably (at the time) detained in the woods, in the presence of a greatly superior for of the enemy, and without assurance of support from any quarter, I was in great doubt for a moment as to my line of duty. But it was for a moment only. I ordered my left wing to open upon the enemy (the right having already secured a most favorable position), which was promptly obeyed. The effect was magical. It arrested the pursuit of the North Carolinians instantly. The enemy broke in dismay, with for the unfortunate detention of the Forty-first Virginia we must have realized much more complete results; as it was, we recovered all the ground we had lost, killed and wounded a number of the enemy, took a few prisoners whom their guard was ordered to report to you, and closed the day very differently from what the enemy anticipated in the morning.

