
I had not time to give the filed a close examination, as it was getting quite late, and my time was occupied in forming a new line of battle of the various regiments as they came up to receive a new attack of the enemy, which was expected.

I am glad to inform you that my loss was not heavy. Lieuts. E. V. Boyd and J. J. Colbert were severely wounded - Lieutenant Boyd being permanently disabled - and 6 men were wounded, some of them dangerously.

All which is respectfully submitted.

W. SMITH,

Colonel Forty-ninth Virginia Volunteers.

P. S.-I had commenced my report before I received your order to prepare it, hence the character of my first paragraph.

No. 313. Reports of Brigadier General Ambrose R. Wright,

C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of operations June 25 - July 1, including the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, and battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, HUGER'S DIVISION, Camp in Advance on Williamsburg Road, July 8, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave herewith to inclose to you a report of the action of my brigades in the battle of King's School-House on the 25th ultimo, which was the beginning of the great battles of Richmond:

About daylight on the morning of Wednesday, June 25, the enemy advanced in considerable force upon our pickets on the right of the Williamsburg road, and after a sharp fire succeeded in driving them back to the skirt of woods immediately in front of, and about half a mile distant from, our lines. The Fourth Georgia Regiment, Colonel George Doles, was on picket duty on the right of the road, and his regiment, numbering less than 400 men, occupied a line of 1,200 yards. He had instructions to give me immediate information in case the enemy made any demonstration against him, and failing to receive any communication from Colonel Doles, I was not apprised of the success of the enemy in driving back our pickets until I saw them coming out of the woods. In justice to Colonel Doles it is proper to state that as on as he discovered the intention of the enemy he dispatched a mounted courier to give me the proper notice. Then courier to his heels, failed to bring me the report, and has not been heard of since.

As soon as I became apprised of the condition of affairs I ordered out the First Louisiana and Twenty-second Georgia Regiments, and with them immediately proceeded to the scene of action. The First Louisiana Regiment, Lieutenant Colonel W. R. Shivers commanding, was ordered to advance upon the right of the Williamsburg road, its left resting upon the road, and the Twenty-second Georgia Regiment, Colonel R. H. Jones, was ordered into position on the right of the First Louisiana. These dispositions being made, the order was given to charge upon the enemy, then about emerging from the woods, and drive them back to their entrenched works. The order was obeyed with alacrity, the troops springing forward with loud cheers, and, advancing through a terrific fire of musketry, routed the enemy drove them before them

