
and occupied our camps, there is not one word of truth in the whole statement. When the fight ceased at dark I occupied the very line my pickets had been driven from in the morning, and which I continued to hold until the total rout of the Federal Army on the 29th ultimo.

In this severe and long-contested battle all our troops behaved well without exception. But without disparaging the merit of others I beg leave to bring to your notice the gallant conduct of the First Louisiana Regiment in their charge across the field early in the morning, and the very creditable manner in which Colonel Rutledge met and repulsed a whole brigade with his own and Colonel Sturgis' (Third Georgia) regiment. The conduct of Colonel Doles' (Fourth Georgia) regiment challenges our warmest admiration and thanks for the gallant manner in which it rallied late in the evening and drove from their stronghold the famous Excelsior Brigade.

I beg leave to suggest that in justice to these two regiments, the First Louisiana and Fourth Georgia, an order be issued authorizing them to inscribe upon their banners "King's School-House."

I was greatly assisted throughout the entire day's fight by my assistant adjutant-general, Captain V. J. B. Girardy, whose coolness, courage, and daring intrepidity throughout the hottest of the fight entitle him to receive the warmest commendations of the Department.

I regret to add that my volunteer aide, Captain Charles L. Whitehead, was taken prisoner late in the evening while taking an order from me to Colonel Doles, of the Fourth Georgia Regiment. The conduct of this young officer after he came upon the field in the afternoon was in an eminent degree brave, chivalric, and daring.

Our total loss in the whole day's fight amounted to 39 killed, 223 wounded, and 11 missing. This does not include the loss in Rutledge's and Hill's regiments, which was slight, no report being made to me by them. The enemy's loss was very severe, amounting to at least 1,200 men.

On the morning after the fight a flag of truce was sent by one Colonel [William L.] Brown, of the Twentieth Indiana Regiment, asking permission to relieve his wounded and bury his dead. I had already ordered a detail to do this, and as I did not recognize him as the proper party to send a flag, the whole matter was referred to Major-General Huger for proper action.

I herewith send you a detailed list of the killed, wounded, and missing of each regiment in this brigade.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Huger's Division.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 19, 1862.

General Wright's brigade was in the center,near Williamsburg road, General Mahone's brigade on his right, and General Armistead's on his left, General Ransom's brigade being in support. All were more or less engaged in this action, as shown by their reports, and all rendered valuable assistance in securing the result.

---------------

*Embodied in returns, p.981.

---------------

