
The attack of the Fourth Georgia and Forty-eighth North Carolina on the right in the evening was greatly assisted and the enemy driven back by the position and action of the Forty-ninth Virginia Regiment, of General Mahone's brigade.

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, HUGER'S DIVISION, July 12, 1862.

COLONEL: I herewith inclose a report of the operations of my brigade from the morning of June 26 to the morning of July 2 inclusive, in obedience to circular from Headquarters Department of Northern Virginia, July 10, 1862:

After the fight had ceased on Wednesday night, June 25, Colonel Vance's North Carolina regiment, of Ransom's brigade, was placed on picket duty on the right of the Williamsburg road, and my own brigade retired to the rifle pits for rest and refreshments, General Armistead having picketed the left of the road.

On Thursday morning, June 26, I ascertained that Colonel Vance's regiment had during the night fallen back from our advanced picket line, and that the enemy had again occupied it. I ordered Colonel Jones' (Twenty-second Georgia) regiment, of my brigade, to advance to the support of Colonel Vance and retake our original picket line. This was accomplished without serious loss on our side. Upon regaining our line we discovered that the enemy had already begun a line of rifle pits through the woods and had considerably advanced their works, when we forced then to retire, leaving a large number of axes, spades, shovels, and picks, and quite a number of small-arms, all of which fell into our possession. We also captured a few prisoners.

During the night following and the succeeding two days (Friday and Saturday, the 27th and 28th) a continuous attack was kept up by the enemy on our pickets, which from its continuation and violence greatly fatigued and worried my already small command. Our actual loss during this time was very light.

On Saturday night, the 28th, Colonel George Doles, Fourth Georgia Regiment, was ordered on picket duty on the right of the Williamsburg road (General Armistead still picketing on the left), with instructions to keep a close watch upon the enemy, to throw scouts and flankers out in advance of his picket line, push them up to the enemy's works, and give me immediate notice of any movement on the part of the enemy, who it was thought would either attack us or fall back from their intrenchments early on the succeeding morning (Sunday).

I received no report from Colonel Doles until about sunrise on Sunday morning, when he sent me word that nothing unusual had occurred during the night, and that he was still occupying our old picket lines. I immediately sent Captain Girardy,my assistant adjutant-general, to order Colonel Doles to advance his scouts quickly up to the abatis in front of the enemy's redoubts and observe their action and their movements. I was still confident, from the results of the fight on our left the two days previous, that the enemy would be forced to make some important movement this morning, and I directed Captain Girardey to accompany Colonel Doles' advance and ascertain what the enemy were about. At about 8 a.m. Captain Girardey returned with the information that the enemy had retired from their intrenchments, and that

