
their main body had got entirely off, leaving only their rear guard and a few stragglers.

I immediately put my brigade in motion and pushed forward into the enemy's deserted works, intending to fall upon his rear and give him battle. After reaching the enemy's works I found Major General B. Huger on the field and reported to him for instructions and orders. I was directed to return to our camp (about 1 1/2 miles), let the men get breakfast, and then move across to the Charles City road and go down that road, cautiously feeling for the fleeing foe. Soon after getting in line, preparatory to moving across the Charles City road, I received orders from General Huger to proceed immediately down the Williamsburg road to the enemy's entrenched camp again, as they were reported to be still in the rear of their advanced works in considerable force. This order I instantly obeyed, and again reported in person to General Huger, in the enemy's entrenched camp. After a very inconsiderable delay here I was again ordered to move back with my command, and, crossing over to the Charles City road, to proceed down that road until I should fall upon the enemy. I commenced this movement, and had proceeded about 2 miles, when I received another order from General Huger to return quickly to the entrenched camp of the enemy, as General Magruder had informed him that the enemy in great force was about to advance upon him (General Magruder). I immediately retraced my steps, and, taking a by-path, soon the head of my column marched into the enemy's deserted intrenchments. Here I received orders to wait for further instructions.

About 2 p.m. I received orders to again take up my march for the Charles City road, which I instantly obeyed, and, putting my command in motion, moved across White Oak Swamp and fell into the Charles City road about 2 miles above White's Tavern,and thence proceeded down that road to a point just below the tavern, when, coming upon the rear of General Ransom's brigade, Huger's division, at a halt, I also hated and sent to General Huger for instructions. It was now quite dark, and I was instructed to throw out skirmishers and pickets to the left of the Charles City road until I reached what was called the New road, and the down that road as far might be necessary.

That night (June 29) I received orders to move my brigade at daylight next morning across to the New road (about 1 1/2 miles to the north of the Charles City road and running parallel to it), and follow down that road toward White Oak Bridge, feeling cautiously for the enemy, then supposed to be on some of the numerous of farms in White Oak Swamp. Captain Ross' battery, of Lieutenant-Colonel Cutt's artillery, had been the day before attached to my brigade, and leaving this on the Charles City road, with instructions to follow as soon as I should need them, at early dawn on the morning of June 30 I moved my brigade across the woods and fields until I fell into the New road near Hobson's house. Here I learned that the enemy, in considerable force, under General Kearny, late the evening before had passed down the road toward the north fork of White Oak Swamp.

I passed on, and at 8 o'clock my line of skirmishers had reached the crossing on the north fork of White Oak Swamp, when we encountered the enemy's pickets, posted a short distance in advance of the crossing. The passage across the swamp here was over a log bridge, the approach to which was thoroughly obstructed by the felling of trees, the bridge itself being torn up and thrown in masses across the road. I ordered my line of skirmishers to advance and rive in the enemy's pickets, while Lieutenant Luckie, of the Third Georgia Regiment, was ordered

