
my shattered force on the Darbytown road about 1/2 miles from the battle-field.

The enemy, as soon as night had set in, began to move, and all night long his columns were slowly moving from the field. When morning dawned all his vast force had left excepting a squadron of cavalry and a small force of infantry, about one regiment. These, too, as soon as daylight had well opened, began their retreat down the river without pursuit.

My loss in this engagement was very severe, amounting to 55 killed, 243 wounded, and 64 missing. I have no means for determining the loss of the enemy, though I am satisfied it was very heavy.

All the officers and men of my command, except, as I have already stated, of the Twenty-second Georgia Regiment, behaved well. My loss of officers was very heavy, including Major John R. Sturges, commanding Third Georgia Regiment,who fell at the head of his regiment under the very muzzles of the enemy's guns. In the fall of this young officers the regiment which he commanded has sustained an irreparable loss and the country loses one of its most deserving and competent officers.

I am again called upon the acknowledge the valuable services of my assistant adjutant-general, Captain V. J. B. Girardey, during the protracted movements of my brigade.

Inclosed I forward a detailed list of the casualties in my brigade.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. WRIGHT,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Brigade, Huger's Division.

Lieutenant Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Huger's Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF DIVISION, July 16, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

I fully concur in the commendations General Wright makes on the conduct of Colonel George Doles, and can bear witness to his continued attention to his duties as well as his gallantry in action. It is also proper to state that Captain Grimes returned to the field and removed such of his pieces as he was unable to take off at first on account of the loss of horses.

BENJ. HUGER,Major-General.

No. 314. Report of Captain Frank Huger,

Company D, Virginia Light Artillery, of the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove.

ARTILLERY CAMP, Near Richmond, Va., July 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders I proceeded on the morning of June 25 to relieve Captain Maurin, Donaldsonville Artillery, then stationed at the intrenchment immediately

---------------

*Embodied in returns, p.981.

---------------

