
on the right of the Williamsburg road. While getting into position heavy firing of infantry commenced in the woods in front, and one of my horses was there killed.

About 12 m., in obedience to orders from General Wright, I proceeded with the second section of the battery (Lieutenant [Joseph D.] Moore) to the extreme right of the line to report to Colonel Doles, Fourth Georgia Volunteers, who directed that the woods in the vicinity of King's School-House should be shelled, to endeavor to ascertain the position and force of the enemy.

About 3 p.m. the enemy advanced a few pieces down the Williamsburg road and opened a very annoying fire upon our lines.

At 5 p.m. I proceeded, by order of General Wright, with the first section (Lieutenant Tilghman) to a point of woods about 300 yards from the Yankee battery, and soon after opening fire caused them to retire rapidly. Conducted by yourself the battery was advanced nearly to the position occupied by that of the enemy - indeed, in advance of our pickets on the right of the road; but it then being nearly dark, we returned to the works.

The officers and men behaved handsomely,and it is a source of much gratification that I have no casualties to report, though exposed to a heavy fire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK HUGER,

Captain Company D, Light Artillery Service.

Colonel J. A. DE LAGNEL,

Chief of Artillery, Huger's Division.

No. 315. Report of Brigadier General Lewis A. Armistead,

C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of operations June 25 - July 1, including the engagement at King's School-House, or Oak Grove, and battle of Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, HUGER'S DIVISION, July 14, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to order dated Headquarters Department Northern Virginia, July 10, 1862, I have the honor to submit the following report:

June 25, the Fourth Brigade, Huger's division, was posted about 5 miles from Richmond, between the Richmond and York River Railroad and the Williamsburg road. The brigade occupied rifle pits in the margin of the woods the railroad to be Williamsburg road. In front an open field extended along the line three-quarters of a mile wide to another belt of woods. The Ninth and Fifty-third Regiments and Fifth Battalion were thrown out as pickets in the woods in front of the field, with the Third Georgia, of General Wright's brigade, as a reserve.

Engaged the enemy at 10 a.m.; enemy in force; Fourteenth and Thirty-eighth sent in to support the line, which was maintained. Later the Fourteenth and Thirty-eighth ordered to occupy the advanced line, with the Ninth, Fifty-third, and Fifth Battalion as reserve; Third Georgia in rifle pits.

Loss on our side: One killed (private), 1 wounded (lieutenant), 2 missing. Loss of enemy unknown.

52 R R-VOL XI, PT II

