
Prisoners taken and sent to General Wright's headquarters: One captain, 1 sergeant, 9 privates.

June 26, the Third Georgia at 5 p.m. relieved the Fourteenth and Thirty-eighth Virginia. The Fifth Battalion, Ninth, Fourteenth, Thirty-eighth, and Fifty-third ordered back to rifle pits.

June 27, the Fifty-third and Ninth relieved the Third Georgia at 4 p.m.; enemy tried to force the line; Fourteenth and Thirty-eighth ordered to support it; enemy driven back; General Huger orders the woods to be held; don't want to attack. Number of men present in the brigade for duty, 1,138; officers, 70 exclusive of the Third Georgia.

June 28, at sunrise Fourteenth Virginia was ordered to relieve the Fifty-third, which came back to rifle pits; reported loss 7 wounded; Ninth and Fourteenth Virginia in advance, Thirty-eighth as reserve; 4 p.m. Fifty-seventh Virginia ordered out as advance; all other regiments back to rifle pits.

June 29, the Thirty-eighth Virginia ordered to support Fifty-seventh at 6.30 a.m.

During the last five days there has been constant skirmishing along the line. Sections of Captains Turner's and Stribling's artillery companies were in position. The former did good service and delivered a very effective fire. The enemy did not come within range of the guns of the latter, who was ordered not to fire unless the enemy came into the field or appeared on the railroad. Brigade moved to Charles City road; skirmish engagement between General Mahone's brigade in advance and the enemy; Captain Grines' artillery company reported to me.

June 30, moved down Charles City road, General Mahone in advance;

engaged the enemy with artillery; loss in my brigade: One killed, 1 wounded.

July 1, being on the Charles City road, between the creek called White Oak Swamp and P. Williams' farm, I was ordered by Major-General Huger, commanding division, with my brigade and General Wright's to pass to the right of the Charles City road and take the enemy in flank. Proceeding in this direction by a blind road for about 2 miles brought me into the Long Bridge road near the point where General Longstreet had engaged the enemy the day before. I reported to General Lee, commanding, and was ordered by him to proceed to the Quaker road in the direction of Willis' Church. Proceeding, in obedience to this order, for about a mile through the woods around Mrs. E. Garthright's farm, I met with Captain Talcott, the commanding general's aide, who informed me that the enemy were near. This [was] about 12 m. I immediately threw out the necessary pickets and skirmishers in front, and took a position with the right of my brigade in a ravine near the edge of the woods skirting Crew's farm on that side.

By a reconnaissance, made first by Colonel E. C. Edmonds, of the Thirty-eighth Virginia, and soon after verified by General Wright and myself (a sketch of which,made by Colonel Edmonds, was sent by me to the commanding general), I found that the enemy were in large force near and around Crew's house, and that the hill in front of the ravine we occupied was a good position for artillery. It was asked for, and Captains Pegram's and Grimes' batteries were sent. The enemy's pickets were handsomely driven in to prepare for our artillery. They were under the command of Lieutenant Colonel M. F. T. Evans, Fourteenth Virginia, the senior officer.

The enemy in the mean time had opened fire about 1 p.m. The fire was a terrible one, and the men stood it well. The enemy must have had thirty or forty pieces opposed to ours and of superior caliber. No

