
men could have behaved better than Captains Pegram and Grimes; they worked their guns after their men were cut down and only retired when entirely disabled. I sent for more artillery repeatedly. One officer reported to me whose name I have unfortunately forgot, but what I wanted never arrived; that is, more guns and heavier ones.

About 3 p.m. General Longstreet came where I was, to whom I made known my wants, and he promised to let me have what I required. If sent, I never saw or heard of them. Shortly after this the enemy approached with a heavy body of skirmishing. I ordered the Thirty-eighth, Fourteenth, and Fifty-third Virginia Regiments, of my brigade, to drive them back, which they did in handsome style. In their ardor they went too far, but fortunately gained some protection by a wave of the ground between our position and that of the enemy. I was thinking of the best way to withdraw them and of the practicability of charging the enemy's battery, but another view of the ground and the distance, three-fourths of a mile, determined me in the opinion that it was folly to attempt it, unless there could be a simultaneous charge made on the right and left.

About this time (somewhere between 4 and 5 p.m.) General Magruder came to where I was, assumed command, and gave orders for a charge, my three regiments still in advance of General Mahone's and Wright's brigades (which came up immediately upon my right); following my three regiments came General Cobb's brigade, and soon after the Ninth and Fifty-third Virginia, of my brigade, and these by the Fifty-seventh Virginia, same brigade. The enemy's fire ceased soon after dark. My brigade remained on the field until the next morning, and retired by permission to drier ground.

For the time I was in command I have to thank General Wright for his hearty co-operation and assistance. He exposed himself unnecessarily; the country cannot afford to lose him.

To Colonel Edmonds and Major Joseph R. Cabell, of the Thirty-eighth Virginia, and to Colonel J. G. Hodges and Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, of the Fourteenth Virginia, my thanks are due. Others may equally merit them, I do not doubt it, but it is impossible for any one man to see everything on a battle-field. I am certainly pleased with the conduct of my brigade on the 1st instant, although there were some few who did not behave well.

My staff officers - Captain J. W. Pegram, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. D. Darden, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant W. L. Randolph, ordnance officer, and my volunteer aides, Lieutenant John Dunlop and the Rev. J. E. Joyner, chaplain of the Fifty-seventh Virginia - did all that men could do and did it well. Lieutenant Dunlop was especially much exposed in carrying orders.

Lieutenant R. T. Daniel, jr., adjutant of the Fifth Kentucky, reported to me on the 27th ultimo as volunteer aide; he rendered valuable service in a bold reconnaissance, and for his subsequent gallant conduct I have to refer you to the report of Major Cabell, Thirty-eighth Virginia, and for the meritorious conduct of many other I respectfully refer you to the respective reports of the subordinate commanders.

I would also mention the good conduct of one of my clerks, Private A. S. Darden, of Upshaw's Randolph Dragoons; he was with me all the time.

My brigade remained in camp until the 3rd instant, about 10 or 11 a.m. I was then ordered to report to General Longstreet, near Temperance Hall, about 3 miles from Shirley, nearly opposite the mouth of the Appomattox. On the road I received an order from General Longstreet

