
almost unparalleled fatigues they were compelled to undergo, to meet the enemy at a moment's notice. I would especially call the attention of the general commanding the corps to the gallantry of Brigadier-General Burns in the severe engagements both of Savage Station and of Glendale, in the former of which he was severely wounded, and in both of which he exhibited great daring and excellent judgment in the disposition of his troops.

The conduct of Brigadier-General Dana and of Colonel Sully, though they were less conspicuously engaged, was in every way what was to be expected from their well-established reputation. I would also especially commend the firm and steady behavior of the Seventy-first Pennsylvania, under Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, which covered the movement from Fair Oaks to Allen's farm, repelling several attacks made by superior number most handsomely. Kirby's battery was of great service in the engagement at Glendale, and it is needless to say that officers and men fully sustained their

well-earned reputation. Captain Tompkins' Rhode Island battery was also engaged upon the same occasion, and was worked with great spirit.

I refrain from multiplying mention of good conduct, but refer for additional details to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders which I herewith submit. My personal staff, Captain William D. Sedgwick, assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant Church Howe,

aide-de-camp, as well as Colonel C. H. Tompkins, chief of artillery, were untiring in their exertions, and rendered me, us usual, constant and most valuable assistance. Major R. F. Halted, volunteer aide, also behaved most handsomely,and rendered me important services. To Captain R. N. Batchelder, assistant quartermaster, for his skill and indefatigable energy in the difficult undertaking of moving our transportation, the service is under great obligations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant L. KIP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sumner's Army Corps.

No. 25. Report of Colonel Charles H. Tompkins,

Chief of Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, SEDGWICK'S DIVISION, July 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report:

The batteries of this division left camp at Fair Oaks on the 29th ultimo at daybreak and marched with the division to Allen's Farm, or Peach Orchard. There Kirby's battery was placed in battery on the north side of the railroad and Tompkins' battery on the right of the Nineteenth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers. They had scarcely taken their position when the enemy opened with a sharp fire of artillery and musketry. I ordered both batteries to commence firing, Tompkins to endeavor to reach battery with his Parrott guns and to shell the woods with his howitzers; Kirby to shell the woods. After

