
to report to General A. P. Hill, which I did that evening (3rd) and remained subject [to] his orders until the 11th instant, when I rejoined my division at this place.

I have the honor to inclose the reports of subordinate commanders of the parts taken by them in the engagement of July 1; copies of reports of skirmishes on the 25th and 27th ultimo (originals previously forwarded), with lists of casualties.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. ARMISTEAD,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Huger's Division.

No. 316. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James S. Gilliam,

Ninth Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

FRAZIER'S FARM, Near Richmond, Va., July 2, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the action of the Ninth Virginia Regiment during the battle of July 1:

On the morning of July 1 we left the Charles City road in pursuit of the enemy and arrived about 10 a.m. at this farm. We were first left to guard the road to prevent a flank movement of the enemy, and for two hours were exposed to a most appalling and incessant artillery fire, and, notwithstanding the terror of its rage, my officers and men behaved with great coolness and gallantry.

About 5 o'clock we were ordered to change our position and take post in rear of and to support an artillery battery, and in about thirty minutes after we were ordered to charge the enemy's battery, supporting Cobb's brigade; and it is but just to say that no regiment ever charged with more impetuosity - on they went with utmost speed amid the deadly fire of musketry and artillery. Having a force to our front interfering with our fire, we, by an oblique to the right, came within good musket-range of the opposing lines of the enemy and poured in upon them volley after volley until night closed the scene.

Where all behaved so well the mention of individual acts might seem to be invidious; but justice demands that I should call your attention to the acts of Captain J. T. Kilby, Company I, who, amid the fire of the enemy, seized a flag of some regiment that had been broken and tried to rally its scattered remnants and bring them against the foe, and while thus acting the flag-staff was shot from his hand. Of Captain James J. Phillips, who, after our color-bearer was shot down and its guard scattered, preserved the colors of his regiment and saved from the dishonor of leaving its colors on the field and restored them, still to wave in their proper place. Of Lieutenant James F. Crocker, adjutant of the Ninth Regiment, who received several severe, if not mortal, wounds in bravely leading the regiment in front of its colors, encouraging the men by his bold and gallant bearing. And I might, indeed,

---------------

*Embodied in returns, p.982.

---------------

