
mention every officer on the field as having done their duty nobly, not only in this fight, but in all the hard duty that we have had to undergo for the last thirty days.

In closing my report it is with feelings of the deepest regret that we have to number among our fallen brave the names of Captain Dennis Vermillion, Company K, and Second Lieutenant C. M. Dozier, of Company I. These brave, gallant officers fell bravely fighting for their homes and firesides, martyrs to vandal tyranny; but a grateful country will cherish their sacrifice and preserve their memory.

Below you will please find a duplicate report of the casualties of my regiment* which you will discover to be quite large, sine [it] carried not to exceed 150 effective fighting men on the field.

Believing that my regiment did its duty faithfully, I cherish the hope that we shall receive your kind approval.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JAS. S. GILLIAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninth Virginia Regiment.

Brigadier-General ARMISTEAD,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

No. 317. Report of Colonel James Gregory Hodges,

Fourteenth Virginia Infantry, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FOURTEENTH REGIMENT VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS, In the Field, near Richmond, Va., July 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the Fourteenth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, under my command, in the battle of Tuesday, July 1:

Early in the morning of that day the regiment, with the others of the same brigade, was posted in a ravine opposite to the position held by the enemy,and one-half of the regiment was thrown forward to the edge of the field between us and the enemy as skirmishers.

About 3 o'clock in the afternoon the skirmishers were ordered forward to drive in the enemy's pickets, so that our artillery could be placed in position, and that portion of the regiment which had been held in reserve was ordered forward to their support. As soon as the men were seen by the enemy a terrific fire of artillery was opened upon them by the enemy from their guns,which were in position about half a mile off, commanding nearly the whole field. The men rushed forward, firing upon the enemy's skirmishers, driving them before them, continuing to advance until the found shelter from the enemy's fire in a ravine about midway from the position formerly held and the enemy's batteries.

Soon after passing over the crest of the first hill Lieutenant Colonel M. F.

T. Evans was disabled by a wound, and I was knocked down and burnt by a shell exploding near me, rendering me incapable of going forward with my men.

In passing over the hill my regiment suffered severely. Among those killed I cannot fail to mention Captain Charles Bruce, whose conduct was worthy of all praise.

---------------

*Embodied in returns, p.882.

---------------

