
pressed in every lineament of his countenance, and there stood like a veteran until pierced three times by the enemy's balls. Too much praise cannot be given to this brave young officer, who thus showed his willingness to serve his country and determination to expel the enemies of her pease and dignity.

To the officers and men of Company A, commanded by Captain D. C. Townes; Company B, Junior Second Lieutenant James P. Warren; Company C, First Lieutenant N. D. Price, Company E, Captain T. M. Tyree; Company F, Captain R. T. Daniel; Company G, Captain H. L. Lee, and Company K, Captain G. K. Griggs, I return my hearty thanks; to the officers commanding those companies more particularly, because of their ready co-operation and willing obedience to every order and their conspicuous gallantry while urging forward their men through such destructive fire.

Major Joseph R. Cabell also performed his duty in a highly creditable and satisfactory manner, and behaved with coolness while in charge of the skirmishers and when sent for instructions to General Armistead at a subsequent period.

My adjutant, A. G. Smith, was always at his post, and with a calmness and composure and utter disregard of danger performed his duty in a manner reflecting the highest honor and praise. The other officers present behaved well and performed their duty like men.

Lieutenant N. D. Price, commanding Company D, who fell mortally wounded at the head of his company, performed his duty on this occasion, as on all others, with marked coolness and bravery. He died as he had lived, a bright and shining ornament to society an his church. He lived a Christian, he died a hero and martyr. No man or officers fell on that occasion with more honor or deserving more undying laurels.

My surgeon, James N. McAlpine, and assistant surgeon, T. W. White, are deserving the highest praise for their unremitting attentions to the wounded; the one for the faithful manner he followed his regiment, bearing off the wounded amid the leaden hail, the o their for the scientific and untiring manner he performed his duties. Such was their attention and assiduity that the wounded were moved from the field, their wounds dressed and cared for, and all sent to the hospitals in the early morning. The one snatched them from the mouth of the cannon, the other from the haws of death. Each proved themselves with hearts to sympathize with the wounded and hands ready and willing to offer every assistance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. EDMONDS,

Colonel Thirty-eighth Virginia Regiment.

[Colonel] R. H. CHILTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Casualties.

Rank.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Lieutenant-colonel	 ---	 1	 ---	 1

Captains	 ---	 2	 ---	 2

First lieutenants	 ---	 4	 ---	 4

Second lieutenants	 ---	 1	 ---	 1

Sergeants	 1	 3	 ---	 4

Corporals	 ---	 6 	 ---	 6

Privates	 *10	 55	 11	 76

Total	 11	 72	 11	 94

---------------

*One private killed in action June 29.

---------------

