
upon a musket, and upon examination were found to have been pierced in fifty places.

It is with deep sorrow and profound regret that I have to report the death of First Lieutenant Napoleon D. Price, commanding Company D, who fell shot through the bowels while gallantly charging in advance of his company, calling on them to follow him. He was a generous, heightened, honorable, Christian gentleman, and I doubt not is now enjoying peace and heavenly rest.

All the officers of the regiment behaved with great gallantry, charging in every instance in advance of their respective commands. Such was the conduct of all the officers that I feel that it would be doing injustice to mention one above another, and I feel sure all they desire is the consciousness of having done their duty, which I man sure all should feel. Colonel Edmonds and Colonel Whittle may have some such to report. If so, they will attend to it at some future day.

The number reported among the non-commissioned officers and privates for individual gallantry is so large that I cannot give it with this. If, however, the general desires it I will have a list of their names made out and forwarded to him.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH R. CABELL,

Major, Commanding Thirty-eighth Virginia Regiment.

Captain, J. D. DARDEN,

A. A. A. G., Fourth Brigade, Hunger's Division.

[Inclosure.]

Report of those who distinguished themselves in the Thirty-eighth Regiment Virginia Volunteers at the battle of Malvern Hill, July 1.

Company A.- Captain D. C. Townes reports all of his men as having fought bravely and well, particularly Private George A. Finch.

Company B.- Company commander absent. Regimental commander reports all as having fought bravely; Sergt. W. T. Adkins and Privates Green Jones, John Arthur, James Dunn, and George J. Shelton as worthy of especial mention.

Company C.- Lieutenant Anderson reports all as having behaved well; Sergt. J. J. Cassade, Color Corpl. William Bohannon, and Privates R. L. Sneed, A. M. Simpson, Alexander Prewett, Benjamin H. Lewis, and Eli J. Lewis specially.

Company D.- Lieutenant J. A. Herndon reports all as having behaved so well that he cannot make distinctions without doing injustice.

Company E.- Captain T. M. Tyree severely wounded and absent; Lieutenant H. C. Knight, now commanding, reports all as having fought bravely, except one or two, and reports Sergeant Miller and Privates John T. Brown, John Davis, Hillery Bolten, J. C. Clayton, Larkin Davis killed, and W. H. Howerton wounded.

Company F.- Captain R. T. Daniel commanded; he is absent, wounded. The regimental commander reports all as having fought well, except one or two. He regards Privates Churchwell Parker and Danied Hodnett, who were killed, and Private Joseph Singleton, as worthy of especial mention.

Company G.- Captain H. L. Lee reports the company as having behaved well. He desired to mention the following-named non-commissioned officers and privates as having displayed individual gallantry: Sergt. H. H. Moore, Robert F. Mackasey, and Privates W. W. Graves,

