
firing briskly for a few minutes I found that many of the Bormann fuses were imperfect and would burn short, thus endangering the lives of out own troops. I therefore ordered Kirby's battery and Tompkins' section of howitzers to cease firing, still continuing firing wit the two sections of Parrott guns.

About 9 o'clock a.m. General Sumner ordered one section of Tompkins' Parrott guns to be placed on the railroad on the left of Kirby's battery and to open fire upon the enemy, who could be distinctly seen crossing the railroad about 2,000 yards to above where the battery was placed. This was immediately done, and a brisk fire opened with shell and case-shot.

About 10 o'clock a.m. the remaining two sections of Tompkins' battery were by order of General Sumner toward of the right and front of the position previously occupied, and relieved Hazzard's battery, of Richardson's division, they having expended their ammunition. Shortly after they had commenced firing from this position Petti's battery arrived and took position upon their left. Both batteries kept up a continuous fire until the enemy withdrew.

About 1 o'clock p.m. the division was ordered to fall back as rapidly as possible to Savage Station. Kirby's battery and one section of Tompkins' marched down upon the south side of the railroad, and the other two sections of Tompkins' battery on the north side. Upon arriving at Savage Station I received orders to order Lieutenant Kirby and Captain Tompkins to report to General Smith, with their batteries. This was done, and as they not come under my command again till the following morning I would respectfully refer you for the particulars of the part taken by them in this action to their reports, herewith inclosed. Being thus left without a command, General Sedgwick was kind enough to accept my services as an aide in the engagement of that afternoon.

Upon the arrival of the division at Nelson's farm, or Glendale, on the morning of the 30th ultimo, both batteries reported back to the division, having been ordered to do so by General Smith. In the action of that afternoon Kirby's battery was placed upon a knoll on the left of the division and west of the road; Tompkins' battery on a knoll on the west of the road and in rear of the center of the division. His caissons were placed on the east side of the road, the fences being leveled between them and the guns.

Shortly after the action commenced large bodies of infantry and some artillery of McCall's division broke through the woods in our front, retreating within our lines in the utmost confusion and disorder. They were closely followed by the enemy, who advanced some 200 yards from the woods, where they were checked and soon driven back by a terrific fire from Tompkin's and Kirby's batteries and Burn's brigade.

From this time till after dark, when the enemy were repulsed and the action ceased, both batteries kept up an almost continuous fire, doing, I have every reason to believe, excellent execution.

Captain Tompkins and Lieutenant Kirby are entitled to great credit for the able and efficient manner in which they handled their batteries.

At 11 o'clock p.m. both batteries took up the line of march for Malverton, where they arrived and went into part the following morning. During this march a wheel came off of one of Tompkins' caissons and the axle-tree was broken, rendering it necessary to abandon it. All the ammunition was removed, and such means taken to destroy the caisson as to render it worthless. Neither battery was engaged in the action of July 1. The position of both, however, had to be changed several times during the day to escape the effect of the fire from the

