
deported themselves, but where all acted so well it might appear invidious.

As the regiment has not yet come in a list of its casualties cannot now be made out, but it is believed to be small. When the

long-continued and terrible fire to which the regiment was exposed is considered a small list of casualties would seem to be miraculous, and can only be explained by the facts that our men were deployed as skirmishers, well concealed and protected, and that the enemy were so drunk they could not shoot. This latter view is known to be correct, as prisoners taken were found to be intoxicated. The regiment is at this time acting as reserve for the Fourteenth and Thirty-eighth Virginia, commanded by Captain Martin, Captain Alett and myself both being sick and unfit for duty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. WADDILL,

Major, Fifty-third Virginia Regiment.

Captain J. D. DARDEN,

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 28, 1862.

The casualties of the Twenty-fifth are as follows, viz: Company D, George W. Brushwood killed; missing, Lewis W. Kelley and J. F. Chick. Company E, Lieutenant B. L. Farenholt, ribs fractured by the falling of a limb from [a] tree.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. WADDILL,

Major, Commanding Fifty-third Virginia Regiment.

No. 322. Report of Captain R. W. Martin,

Fifty-third Virginia Infantry, of skirmish at Fair Oaks.

CAPTAIN: On Friday, June 27, at 4.30 p.m., the Fifty-third Virginia Regiment was pointed on picket, the right wing resting on the left of the Williamsburg road [and] the left on the right of the Ninth Virginia Regiment, the men deployed at five paces apart.

About sundown the enemy opened fire upon our line both with musketry and shell. The fire was not returned, because I instructed the men to wait until the enemy was in good distance, which distance was not obtained. The enemy, however, advanced upon the center and left, [and] was driven back by the fire of the left wing. The whole line was well sustained, except by three companies (F, H, and K), F and K falling back because they could not sustain the heavy fire of the enemy, Company H having no commander. All three of these companies, however, returned to their positions and held them.

The enemy again opened fire this morning about half an hour before day. This fire was, however, not directed so much toward us as the picket on our right. This fire was not returned at all by our picket. The regiment generally acted coolly and deliberately, keeping its position until relieved by the Fourteenth Virginia this morning.

The casualties are as follows: Company A, 1 slightly wounded;

