
Company D, 1 slightly and 2 severely; Company H, 2 slightly; Company K, 2 slightly. Total, 7 wounded.

Most respectfully,

R. W. MARTIN,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-third Virginia Regiment.

Captain J. D. DARDEN,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 323. Report of Captain John Grammer,jr.,

Fifty-third Virginia Infantry, of non-commissioned officers and privates who distinguished themselves in the battles around Richmond, May 31 - July 1.

JULY 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The following is a list of the non-commissioned officers and men reported to me by their officers as having distinguished themselves by their conduct in the skirmishers and battles around Richmond, in which the Fifty-third Virginia Regiment was engaged:

Company A.- At Seven Pines, Corporals Noell and Wright and Private H. C. Hutson, and at Malvern Hill Corporals Noel and Wright. In the skirmishers of June 18,25, and 27 all the men present behaved well.

Company B.- Sergts. J. H. and J. R. Hockaday and Privates S. B. Sweeny, R. H. David, and T. J. Elliott, at Malvern Hill.

Company C.- Sergt. R. B. Bradshaw, Corpl. W. S. Weaver, and Privates J. C. Destine and C. G. Weaver, at Malvern Hill.

Company D.- Corpls. W. T. Johnson, killed, and K. Clemens, and Privates Pollard, Ashby, Ellet,and Kelly, at Malvern Hill.

Company E.- Privates William Bowers and G. J. Green, killed in the skirmish of the 18th; Sergeants Barker, wounded, at Malvern Hill; Corpl. William A. Pollard, the third man who carried the colors July 1, was shot twice before he fell. In the confusion of regiments charging through and mixing up with each other he took the colors off with him when borne to the rear. L. C. Blackburn, distinguished at Seven Pines for coolness and daring.

Company F.- No report; not in the fight at Malvern Hill.

Company G.- Corpl. John B. Scott, at Seven Pines.

Company H.- In the skirmish of June 18 Private T. Howchins was seen to kill 4 Yankees, exposing himself freely all the while.

Company I.-Privates White, Whitehead, and Hudson, at Malvern Hill; all three wounded.

Company K.- Private John A. Bullifant, wounded, at Seven Pines; Private Haws Coleman, in the skirmish of June 27. Color Sergt. T. F. Harwood, wounded at Malvern Hill, while pressing forward with the colors, stuck the staff in the ground, and cheering all the while, held on to it till taken from him by Captain Martin.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. GRAMMER, Jr.,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-third Virginia Regiment.

Captain J. D. DARDEN,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

