
No. 325. Report of Captain William E. Alley,

Fifth Virginia Battalion, of the battle of Malvern Hill.

CAMP FIFTH VIRGINIA BATTALION, July 10, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters I herein submit a report [of the part] taken by the Fifth Virginia Battalion during the engagement on Tuesday, the 1st instant:

About 10 a.m. the battalion was assigned to a position in line with the brigade, which position it maintained during the entire engagement. Though not immediately engaged on the battle-field, the battalion during the whole time was exposed to a heavy fire of shell and grape shot from the enemy's battery.

The casualties were 1 private killed and 5 wounded.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

WM. E. ALLEY,

Captain, Commanding Fifth Virginia Battalion.

Captain J. D. DARDEN,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 326. Report of Major General Ambrose P. Hill,

C. S. Army, commanding Light Division, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale), and Malvern Hill.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, March 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I send you my report of the battles of the Chickahominy with an apology for so long delaying it. The report of General Gregg I have not been able to get yet, but will have it in a day or two, when I will send it up.

Respectfully,A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, Camp Gregg, February 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Light Division in the battles of the Chickahominy:

In obedience to orders, received from the general commanding, on Wednesday night, June 25, I concentrated my division near the Meadow Brigade, viz: The brigades of J. R. Anderson, Gregg, Field, Pender, and Archer, the brigade of General Branch having been directed to move to the bridge some 7 miles above, where the Brooke turnpike crosses the Chickahominy, the batteries of Braxton, Andrews, Pegram, Crenshaw, McIntosh, Bachman, and Johnson, with four extra horses

