
and loudly, moved again to the fight. This seemed to end the contest, for in less five minutes all firing ceased and the enemy retired.

My brigades rested upon the battle ground until relieved near dawn by Major-General Magruder. The trophies of my division this day were fourteen pieces of artillery and two stand of colors.

The next evening was fought the battle of Malvern Hill. Finding that General Magruder needed assistance, I sent him two brigades- Branch's and Thomas' (Anderson's). They, however, were not actively engaged. My division was placed in line of battle near the scene of action and under fire, but passive.

In this series of battles, in which my troops so well did their part, I beg leave to remind the general-in-chief that three of my brigades had never before been under fire. Two of my batteries - Pegram's and Davidson's, the latter having just been ordered up from my camp - were engaged at Malvern Hill, and for two hours each nobly did its work, as their battered condition, and many casualties sadly attested.

Among the general and field officers killed and wounded during these battles are Cols. R. P. Campbell and C. C. Lee, Lieutenant Cols. T. C. Johnson, A. M. Smith, William J. Green, and J. C. Shackelford, Majs. W. N. Bronaugh, [Thomas M.] Burke, and M. V. McLaughlin, killed, and Brigadier General J. R. Anderson and Pender, Cols. W. J. Hoke, R. H. Riddick, James Conner, McGowan, John F. Goodner, R. H. Cowan, A. J. Lane, J. H. Lane, E. L. Thomas, Thomas Hardeman, and W. E. Starke, Lieutenant Cols. R. W. Folsom, T. J. Simmons, William M. Barbour, W. S. Christian, H. H. Walker, and H. Howard, and Majs. John A. Fite, J. W. Livingston, Charles N. Hickerson, and W. L. Grice, wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel [Lewis M.] Coleman, of the artillery, during the absence of Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Walker, from sickness, acted as my chief of artillery, and with energy and efficiency. The gallantry of Lieutenant Chamberlian, the adjutant, was conspicuous. The members of my staff - Major R. C. Morgan, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. G. Field, assistant quartermaster; Major E. B. Hill, division commissary; Major J. M. David, volunteer aide-de-camp, wounded severely at Cold Harbor; Captain Adams, signal officer, serving on my personal staff; my aides-de-camp, Lieutenant F. T. Hill and Murray Taylor, and Captain Douglas,my chief engineer officer, were all gallant and zealous in the discharge of their duties. Surgeon Watson, medical director, made efficient arrangements for the care of the wounded. The ambulance corps and drivers deserve especial mention for their active and untiring exertions in bringing off the wounded.

Especial mention for conspicuous gallantry is made of the following officers: Colonels Starke, Mallory, McGowan, Thomas, Riddick, Barnes, Hamilton, Hoke, J. H. Lane, and Cowan, Lieutenant-Colonels Folsom, R. H. Gray, McElroy, Simpson, and H. H. Walker, Marjs. C. C. Cole and A. S. Van de Graaf, Lieuts. Young, Norment, Crittenden, Bryan, Haskell, and Shotwell, Thirty-fourth North Carolina; Captain Collins, Eningeers, and of the artillery, Captains Pegram, Davidson, Braxton, Crenshaw, Andrews, and McIntosh, and Lieutenant Fitzhugh, and Sergt. J. N. Williams, sergeant-major Nineteenth Georgia Regiment. Captain Wright and his company of cavalry, from Cobb's Legion, acting as my escort, were of great service to me, and by my permission made a gallant charge upon a body of the enemy's infantry.

There are many cases of individual daring both among officers and men, and I regret that I do not know their names.

This report, being made out so long after the events transpired, is not, of course, so perfect as I would desire, and injustice may be done

