
enemy's batteries. At 4 o'clock a.m. on the 2nd instant both batteries left Malverton and marched direct to this place, arriving here about 8 o'clock a.m.

The casualties are as follows: Kirby's battery, 9 men wounded, 2 of whom are missing,a nd 3 men missing; total wounded and missing, 12; 3 horses shot. Tompkin's battery, 4 men wounded, one of whom is missing; 5 horses shot.

I cannot close this report without calling to your attention the untiring energy displayed by Captain Tompkins and Lieutenant Kirby and the able and efficient manner in which they have conducted their commands throughout the arduous marches and severe actions since leaving Fair Oaks. I would also speak in terms of highest commendation of offices and men of these two batteries, and would especially indorse the remarks of battery in commendation of those mentioned in their reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Artillery, Sedgwick's Division.

Captain WILLIAM D. SEDGWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 26. Report of Captain John A. Tompkins,

Battery A, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. COMPANY A, FIRST RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTY., Harrison's Landing, Va., July 4, 1862.

COLONEL: Herewith I have the honor to hand you a report of the operations of my battery in the actions of the 29th and 30th ultimo and 1st instant:

I left cam near Fair Oaks at 3 a.m. June 29, and marched with the brigade, under command of Colonel Sully, First Minnesota, to Allen's farm, where I was ordered to place the battery upon the right of the Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers. At 8 a.m. I opened with caseshot from the Parrott guns upon the enemy in the wood. At 9 a.m. a section of Parrott guns was sent to take position upon the western side of the railroad to shell the enemy while crossing the railroad above. The remainder of the battery was moved to the right, and relieved Captain Hazzard's battery, and opened a brisk fire of case-shot upon the enemy, who were in front, covered by the woods. At 12 m. the battery marched to Savage Station.

At 4 p.m. I was ordered to report to general Smith, and marched with Brooks' brigade toward the White Oak Bridge. At 5 p.m orders were received to return to Savage Station, and the guns were pushed rapidly forward, the caissons being left to follow the division, under charge of Lieutenant Mason. At 6 p.m. the rifled guns were placed in position upon the left Hancock's brigade, facing the railroad, and the howitzers upon the right of the brigade, near Kirby's battery. At 9 p.m. I withdrew the battery, and marched with the advance regiment of Smith's division; crossed the White Oak Bridge at 12, and was placed in position to command the bridge.

At 11 a.m. on the 30th ultimo I was ordered by General Smith to

