
of them and used them against the enemy. This regiment also captured Major-General McCall, commanding the Federal forces on the field.

I desire to call the attention of the general commanding to the conspicuous gallantry of Captain C. R. Collins, Engineer Corps. He joined me as a volunteer aide just as we were going into action, and by voice and cheered the men through all the fight with unsurpassed spirit. The conduct of Captain Pegram's in the engagements excites my admiration. Always eager, always alert, Captain Pegram was in every action where opportunity offered, and always doing his duty, as the loss of every officer killed or wounded and 60 out of about 80 men, sadly attests. I trust that merits of this officer will not go unrewarded by the Department. The several field officers of the brigade bore themselves, with but one exception, reported elsewhere, as became accomplished and gallant officers. The particular conduct of the subordinates is detailed in the reports herewith forwarded.

My thanks are due to my personal staff, Captain G. F. Harrison, assistant adjutant-general, and aides, Lieuts. W. R. Mason, jr., and R. L. Robb, for zeal and intelligence throughout the week.

The entire loss of my brigade was 603 killed and wounded and 8 made prisoners. This was about half my force at any time engaged, for I am pained to state that my brigade was like all others that I met with - some officers and men either deserting the field entirely, or seeking safety by skulking behind trees, or halting outside the avenue of fire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHASW. FIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 328. Report of Colonel J. M. Brockenbrough,

Fortieth Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

CAMP FORTIETH VIRGINIA REGIMENT, July 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the operations of the Fortieth Virginia Volunteers in the recent battles around Richmond:

On the afternoon of June 26 this regiment, being in the advance, was the first to cross the Chickahominy at Meadow Bridges. Advancing toward Mechanicsville we encountered the enemy's pickets at intervals and drove them before us until we reached the village. Receiving orders at this point to charge the enemy in their strong position, we advanced rapidly under a galling and murderous

cross-fire of their artillery until within musket-range of them. Discovering that they occupied an intrenched position, separated from us by an almost impassable swamp and about 100 yards distant, we entered into a severe engagement, which lasted until the retreat of the enemy after night-fall.

Early next morning we were put under march to follow up the retreating foe, overhauling them near Gaine's Mill on the evening of

