
the 27th. Here again we took part in that gallant charge which resulted in their rout and the complete success of our arms.

On Sunday, the 29th, we recrossed the Chickahominy and marched down to Frazier's farm the scene of Monday's battle. Here, before our division was ordered into the engagement, I was directed to deploy my regiment as skirmishers on the right flank of our army, which deprived us of the privilege of entering into the engagement with the brigade. Receiving orders to follow on and engage the enemy's right, we proceeded [to] the position indicated and engaged (alone) a vastly superior force of the enemy. About night arose a loud hallowing and cheering on the enemy's left and a cessation of firing in that direction, which induced us to believe the contest had been decided. Being in doubt as to the result, we continued the engagement.

In the mean time the enemy, who had been deceived by the cheering on their left and within their lines, charged in force upon us. We poured several murderous fires them, which checked their advance, and though within 20 feet of us, caused then to retire to their original position. Their loss at this point was much heavier than upon any other portion of the field, being at least ten to one on our side. This ended the series of battles in which the Fortieth Virginia Volunteers took part.

Both officers and men, with few exceptions, were not at all wanting in gallantry and good conduct, and for the most part behaved in the most praiseworthy manner.

We sustained a loss of 180 killed and wounded, being about one-half the effective force of the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BROCKENBROUGH,

Colonel Fortieth Virginia Volunteers.

P. S.-I respectfully recommend the following promotions, viz: Orderly Sergt. T. D. Ficklin as first lieutenant, to fill vacancy occasioned by death of First Lieutenant E. Brockenbrough, killed in engagement of 26th; Sergt. Major J. S. Leader as second lieutenant, to fill vacancy occasioned by death of Second Lieutenant R. B. D. Sydnor, in engagement of 30th. Orderly-Sergeant Ficklin and Sergeant-Major Leader were both wounded in the engagement of the 27th, and while they behaved gallantly during the battles of [the] 26th and 27th, their conduct was about equal and not conspicuously above that of many other in [the] same company. I recommenced them upon the petition of a majority of those over whom they will have command and from my confidence (derived from personal acquaintance) in their capacity and qualifications to discharge ably and faithfully the duties of the offices for which they are recommenced.

No. 329. Report of Colonel Robert M. Mayo,

Forty-seventh Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

HEADQUARTERS FORTY-SEVENTH VIRGINIA REGIMENT, July 15, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to hereby to report the action of the Forty-seventh Virginia Regiment in the recent engagements before Richmond.

