
out to be Major-General McCall and one of his couriers. They were both immediately sent to the rear.

Nothing more if importance occurred that night,and we were not actively engaged on Tuesday, though somewhat exposed to the enemy's artillery.

The casualties in this engagement were 34, the total number engaged being 156 rank and file; making the total number of casualties in all three engagements 78.

The conduct of those who remained with their regiment was so uniformly good that I find it almost impossible to make any distinctions. I, however, make the following recommendations for promotion: Private T. V. Sanford, Company C, clerk in commissary department, to the place of second lieutenant in Company D, in which there are to the place of second lieutenant in Company D, in which there are two vacancies; Private Schooler, Company I,

color-bearer, to be made color-sergeant, and Private Mason, Company E, to be made sergeant in said company.

Very respectfully submitted.

RO. M. MAYO,

Colonel Forty-seventh Virginia Regiment.

Brigadier General C. W. FIELD, Commanding First Brigadier, Light Div.

No. 330. Report of Colonel Francis Mallory,

Fifty-fifth Virginia Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).

HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIFTH VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS, July 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my regiment in the recent engagements before Richmond:

On the night of Wednesday, June 25, the regiment was on picket near the Little Meadow Bridge. About 3 p.m. Thursday, June 26, it being reported that the enemy's picket had been withdrawn, I immediately took possession of the bridge which he had held. Our brigade, being in advance, was soon ordered to cross. The Fortieth Virginia crossed first, followed by the Fifty-fifth Virginia and the other regiments composing the brigade. A mile or more beyond the swamp the regiment was formed in line of battle across the road, where the first prisoner was taken by Captain J. F. Alexander's company. It was here that we received a few shots from the enemy's picket, who retreated in haste. Turning to the right, we marched in the direction of Mechanicsville. About half a mile from Mechanicsville our line of battle was again formed on the right of the road, supported by the Sixtieth Virginia, Colonel Starke commanding, the Fortieth Virginia on the left, supported by the Forty-seventh Virginia Regiments and Second Virginia Battalion.

We advanced upon Mechanicsville exposed to a heavy fire from three of the enemy's batteries. After advancing a short distance beyond the willage our line of battle was changed to the left, facing the batteries. We advanced some 600 yards in the direction of the right battery, when, not wishing to be separated from the remainder of the brigade, it became necessary to cross the field to the left, the left of the brigade being at this time under cover of the woods. This was done by marching obliquely across the field, approaching the battery as we

