
neared the woods, to prevent their getting our range. Before entering the woods the regiment was halted just below the brow of a slight hill, and the men ordered to lie down to protect them from the shell, grape, and canister, which were being used with great effect.

Our brigade was then ordered to advance. We moved forward a few hundred yards under a very heavy fire and entered a wood, which we attempted to charge through. But the undergrowth being very thick, and finding another bridge in front of us, our men became scattered, many of the mixing in with this brigade. I ordered a halt, but finding it impossible to form the regiments in such a place, I directed the men to fall back to the edge of the woods and reform. This was done in very good order. By this time it was quite dark, and my men being very much exhausted I fell back about 100 yards over a hill, where we rejoined the brigade and rested for the night.

In this engagement my loss was very heavy, being greater than that of both the others. Captain William L. Brooke, Company K, was killed while gallantly leading his company and both of his lieutenants wounded. His company was on the left of the colors and suffered more than any other. Captain G. W. Street and Lieutenants Boughan, Ker, and Goolrick were wounded in this engagement, besides a number of men.

About 12 m. of Friday, June 27, the regiment was formed with the brigade and marched in the direction of Gaines' Mill, Lieutenant-Colonel Christian in command. After passing a short distance beyond the mil the brigade was formed in line of battle to support General Anderson's brigade, which was ordered to attack the enemy in front. We advanced to his support until we found his brigade halted in a small orchard in an open space in front of the enemy's battery. This brigade finally broke and ran through ours, throwing in into some confusion. We, however, did not retire until ordered by General Field to fall back in order. This was not very well executed, but a portion of the regiment was immediately rallied by Colonel Christian, and remained with him during the remainder of the evening, doing good service.

In this engagement Lieutenants Mann and Garnett were killed, and Lieutenant A. Brockenbrough and 2 or 3 color-bearers wounded.

On Sunday, June 29, we marched from Gaines' Mill to the south side of the Chickahominy. Monday morning we marched a few miles and were halted in the woods until about 5 p.m., when we were ordered with the brigade to go to the support of General Kemper. We marched at a double-quick when we were formed in line of battle on the right of the road, the Sixtieth Virginia on our left. We advanced through the woods until we came to the brow of the hill, where was a battery recently taken from the enemy. The brigade which had taken it had disappeared and the enemy had advanced to within a few yards of the battery. We halted, fire a few volleys, and charged, driving the enemy about 1 mile into the woods, where we halted to reform, and finding that the enemy were about to flank us we fell back to the edge of the woods, where we remained until the firing had ceased. The regiment was ordered to remain at this point until the captured battery could be taken off, when we marched back across the field and bivouacked for the night.

In this engagement Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Christian was seriously wounded; Major T. M. Burke and Captain Wright killed, and Lieuts. R. G. Haile and R. T. Bland and Adjt. R. L. Williams wounded. The regiment was in readiness to participate in the engagement of Tuesday, July 1, but was not actually engaged.

