
report without delay to General Sedgwick at Nelson's farm. At 3 p.m. the battery was placed in position upon the western side of the road. At 5 I opened fire upon the enemy with shell and

case-shot, and continued firing until 8 p.m., when the enemy retreated.

At 11 p.m. I was ordered to move my battery to the road and join the division on its march to Malverton, where I parked my battery at 3 a.m. July 1.

At 9 a.m. July 1 was ordered to move to the front,and formed in line in rear of Company I, First Artillery. I was sent obliged to change the position of my battery several times during the day to protect my men and horses from the enemy's fire. At 12.30 the 2nd instant I received orders to hold my battery in readiness to march, and at 4 a.m. marched for this place, where I went into park, as directed by you.

I have to report wounded in the action of Nelson's farm Sergt. John H. Hammond - musket-ball in arm and hip; Private William H. Slocum, slightly - musket-gall in thigh, and Simon M. Sidelinger, slightly -musket-ball in thigh, and 3 horses shot. At Allen's farm, 1 horse broke away from the holder and could not be caught. At Malverton Private James Cooper was shot in the left through the carelessness of a private of the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers. Also 1 horse shot at the same time.

I was obliged to abandon a caisson body upon the march from Nelson's farm to Malverton, owing to the wheel coming off and the axle breaking. The ammunition was all removed. All my wounded have been sent on board the transports with the exception of Sidelinger, who is missing. Amount of ammunition expended, 750 rounds. One of my wagons was upset on the White Oak Swamp Bridge, and owing to the carelessness of the infantry guard detailed to protect the property my company desk was broken open, and my papers, invoices, maps, &amp;c., destroyed and my quartermaster stores and clothing stolen. I inclose as full a list as possible of the articles lost or expended in action or during the march.

The conduct of my officers and men during the hard and tedious marches and actions of the past week has been such as to merit the greatest praise and to warrant the belief that they will at any or all times respond willingly to any call that the general may make upon them. They all acted with great coolness and all seemed desirous of doing everything in their power for the furtherance of the service.

I would call to your favorable attention Lieuts. John G. Hazard, Jeffrey Hazard, and C. F. Mason, who by their untiring energy greatly aided me in the execution of all orders I received.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. TOMPKINS,

Captain, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Commanding Company A.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS, Commanding Artillery, Sedgwick's Division.

No. 27. Report of Lieutenant Edmund Kirby,

Battery I, First U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions, received at daylight on the 29th of June, 1862, I retired with Light Company I, First U. S.

