
stand by their colors. Not being deemed advisable to attempt another charge at that time we fell back to the woods, where the regiment remained until again ordered forward in the final and victorious charge, in which charge, however, the regiment did not act as conspicuous a part as was desirable, owing to a misapprehension of orders; but the whole command behaved with remarkable coolness, though exposed for several hours to a most harassing fire of shell and musketry.

The regiment remained on the battle-field until Sunday morning when the brigade crossed the Chickahominy. On Sunday evening I rejoined the regiment and resumed the command.

On Monday evening, the 30th, we were ordered to the support of General Kemper's brigade, then engaged near Frazier's farm with an overwhelming force of the enemy. The regiment advanced at

double-quick nearly two miles to the brow of the hill, where a battery of eight guns, Randall's Penn Battery, was posted, which had been taken from the enemy and by them recaptured before we reached the ground.

We were immediately formed into line of battle, the Fifty-fifth Virginia on our right, and ordered to retake the battery. Delivering a few volleys the regiment moved forward, charged the enemy, drove them into and through the woods for a considerable distance, killing, wounding, and taking many of them prisoners, and recapturing the battery. On reaching the wood, however, the enemy poured a heavy fire into our line, upon which the command was given to charge bayonets. This command was obeyed with great alacrity, and very many of the enemy fell before the formidable weapon. After driving them for half a mile beyond this point the brigade was ordered to half, where we remained for half a hour, it being then quite dark. The enemy not again appearing, the regiment was ordered to return to the battery, and there remain until the pieces were carried off the field. This accomplished we returned to the road and bivouacked for the night.

In this engagement Captain W. A. Gilliam, Company K, and Lieutenant William A. Moore, Company F, were wounded, with a loss of many privates killed and wounded.

Suffering from the wound in my hand, I was again compelled to relinquish the command, and left the regiment in charge of Major J. C. Summers, Lieutenant Colonel B. H. Jones being quite unwell and having been sent to Richmond by advice of the surgeon.

On Tuesday evening the regiment was drawn up in line of battle with the brigade, but was not called into action.

In closing this report I must beg leave to mention most particularly the great gallantry and coolness displayed by Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, who was most conspicuous in every engagement until forced to leave the field of battle, and it was to me a source of intense satisfaction that when forced to relinquish the command I was enabled to place the regiment under the charge of so capable and brave an officer. Major Summers led gallantly in various charges in which the regiment was engaged, acting with coolness and discretion. To Lieutenant T. G. Pollock, adjutant of the regiment, too much praise cannot be rendered; conspicuous in the field, leading the men in every fight, and aiding most materially in rallying the regiment around its colors. Of the officers of the line, Captain G. W. Hammond and Lieuts. H. Grose, A. Given, and A. Johnson, Company D; Captain J. N. Taylor and Lieuts. Moses McClintic and I. H. Larew, of Company E; Captain Caynor and Lieuts. J. C. Cabell, P. M. Paxton, and Moore, Company F; Captain W. S. Rowan and Lieuts. S. D. Pack and J. N. Shanklin, Company A; Captain J. W. Johnston and Lieuts. H. G. Cannon and A. Surbaugh, Company B; Captain

