
S. S. Dews and Lieuts. E. H. Easley and F. N. Darlington [the latter commanding the Infirmary Corps], of Company C; Captain J. M. Baily and Lieuts. R. A. Hale and G. W. Belcher, Company H; Captain Gilliam and Lieuts. - Wilson, G. S. Heslep, and Charles E. Tucker, Company K; Captain S. H. Tompkins [killed] and Lieuts. A. G. Ingraham and A. J. Kelly, Company G; Lieutenant A. G. P. George, commanding Company I, aided by Lieutenants Stevenson and Lilly [the latter killed], all displayed conspicuous gallantry.

I desire to notice particularly the good conduct of Lieuts. A. G. P. George, not only throughout all the engagements in which the regiment participated, but for months past while in charge of Company I, in faithfully discharging the responsible duties of his position. After Captain Caynor received his wound, on the 26th, the command of Company F devolved on First Lieutenant Cabell, who in the succeeding engagements deported himself with remarkable coolness and bravery. Lieutenant Ingraham, of Company G, who assumed command of Company G upon the death of Captain Tompkins, attracted the attention of all by his unshrinking courage and resolution. The highest terms of praise apply with equal justice to Lieuts. H. G. Cannon, Company B. E. H. Easley, of Company E, and R. A. Hale, of Company H, upon whom, owing to the wounds or sickness of their respective companies. Lieutenant I. H. Larew, Company e, particularly distinguished himself in the charge of the 30th; seizing the colors of the regiment from the color-bearer, who was exhausted, he bore them gallantly in front of the regiment until the enemy were driven from the field.

It is proper to remark in this connection that Lieutenant L. P. Summers, Company A, was absent on detached service, and Lieuts. T. L. Jones, Company B; J. L. Johnson, Company C; C. H. Rector, Company G; Karr, Company H, and Captain W. G. Ryan, Company I, were absent sick during these engagements.

I would be doing injustice to Sergeant-Major Cordell, a mere youth, were I to omit calling special attention to the coolness and soldierly bearing that marked his conduct throughout. He is a young officer of great promise. Ordnance-Sergeant Peyton also discharged his duties with promptitude and fidelity. Captain A. McDonald, quartermaster, and Captain H. Estill, regimental commissary, were prompt and efficient in the discharge of their duties, and their general conduct ever since their connection with the regiment has been worthy of all praise. To Surg. H. R. Noel and Assist. Surg. W. R. Capehart I was under many obligations for their unwearied and skillful attentions to the wounded of the regiment. The non-commissioned officers, with but three exceptions, acted their parts well.

I cannot close this report without noticing the conduct of Privates George R. Taylor, Company E, and Robert A. Christian, Company I. The former may be styled "the Father of the Regiment." Near sixty years of age, he volunteered at the commencement of the war, and his energy, patriotism, and general good conduct, as well as his determined bravery in all the recent engagements, have excited the admiration of all. Private Christian, in the bayonet charge of the 30th, was assailed by no less than four of the enemy at the same instant. He succeeded in killing three of them with his own hands, though wounded in several places by bayonet-thrusts, and his brother, Eli W. Christian, going to his aid, dispatched the fourth.

Rev. Nathaniel G. Robinson, formerly a lieutenant in Company I, but

