
who was not a candidate for re-election, returned to the regiment after a brief absence, and taking his musket, fought gallantly through the battles of the 26th, 27th, and 30th ultimo, in the last of which he received a slight wound. Such conduct, prompted by patriotism and a sense of duty alone, is worthy of note.

For a detailed account of the good conduct of the non-commissioned officers and privates generally I beg leave to refer you to the several company reports accompanying this document.

W. E. STARKE,

Colonel, Commanding Sixtieth Virginia Regiment.

Captain G. F. HARRISON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Light Division.

No. 332. Report of Brigadier General Maxcy Gregg,

C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION, Camp Gregg, Va., March 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I send you the report of General Gregg of the battle of Cold Harbor and Colonel McGowan's report of the battle of Frazier's farm. This report of Cold Harbor is the only one that could be found among General Gregg's papers. Please put them with my report.

Respectfully,A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION, Camp on South Anna River, near Gordonsville, Va., August 6, 1862.

MAJOR: My report concerning the battles before Richmond has been delayed, first, by the delay in the reports made to me by subordinate commanders, caused by the wounds or sickness under which all of them suffered, and next by movements of the brigade and duties in the field.

After night-fall, on June 25 last, four regiments of the Second Brigade, accompanied by Crenshaw's battery, followed from the position on the left and halted to bivouac on the Meadow Bridge road. The Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, under Colonel McGowan, was left on picket duty on the edge of the Chickahominy Valley, in front of the position vacated by the brigade, to be relieved by troops of another division the same night and to follow the march. By some mischance, however, it was not relieved at all, and had to remain in place the next day and night and until the middle of the following day, when the retreat of the enemy down the opposite side of the river enabled it to cross over and rejoin the brigade in the midst of the battle of Cold Harbor.

When the Light Division, in the afternoon of June 26, crossed the Meadow Bridge and attacked the enemy at Mechanicsville the Second

