
Brigade, still marching in rear of the division, did not became actively engaged, but was deployed in reserve. It was exposed for some hours to a fire of shot and shell, from which, however, the lines were much sheltered by taking advantage of inequalities in the ground and causing the men to lie down. Only 4 me were wounded.

At one time an erroneous report was brought to me that the enemy were appearing to our left and rear. A detachment from Colonel Marshall's regiment, thrown out as skirmishers, quickly detected the error.

During the action I sent forward my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Langdon C. Haskell, to learn whether re-enforcements were needed from my brigade; but as he did not meet Major-General Hill, and did not find the state of the battle such as to require my moving forward without waiting for orders, I remained in position. The brigade lay on its arms that night.

Early in the morning of the 27th I received orders from General Hill to take the advance with the Second Brigade and to drive the enemy from their position on Beaver Dam Creek, at Ellison's Mill. Forming the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel D. H. Hamilton commanding, and the Twelfth, Colonel Barnes, in line of battle, with two companies of skirmishers-Captain Cordero's, of the First, and Captain Miller's, of the Twelfth-thrown forward, while the Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel J. Foster Marshall, followed in support, Crenshaw's battery being in rear. The brigade advanced to the attack. Slight resistance was made here by the enemy, and the passage of the stream, which presented a strong natural obstacle, was gained. Many Confederate soldiers, wounded or killed in a preceding unsuccessful assault, lay in the road toward the crossing of the creek and had to be moved aside to allow the passage of our artillery. A small bridge, broken up by the enemy, had also to be repaired. This was toward 8 o'clock in the morning.

Crossing Beaver Dam Creek the brigade advanced along the road among piles of knapsacks and other property and burning stores abandoned by the enemy, with skirmishers from the First and Twelfth Regiments kept out to the front and left. Coming into the edge of an open field Captain Cordero's company, First South Carolina Volunteers, deployed as skirmishers, were fired on by artillery in front, and Second Lieutenant H. C. Heise and a soldier were wounded. Captain W. T. Haskell's company, of the same regiment, advancing in open order, discovered that the forces meeting us in front from the left were those of Major-General Jackson's, and entered into communication with them, so as to avoid the risk of further mischief.

In the mean time two companies of the Twelfth Regiment [Miller's and Neville's] sent out under Lieutenant Colonel Cadwalader Jones to meet some of the enemy seen on the left, took and brought in some 17 prisoners, belonging chiefly to regiments of Pennsylvania Reserves.

At the intersection of the roads near Walnut Grove Church, where Major-General Hill stopped to confer with Major-General Jackson, I received General Hill's further instructions, and resumed the advance on the road running near the Chickahominy to Gaines' Mill, approaching the vicinity of Hogan's house, where General Lee stopped me by the road-side and gave me further directions for advancing and attacking the enemy. I moved the brigade forward in nearly the same order as the first, the First and Twelfth Regiments leading, with skirmishers in front. In compliance with a request sent to me by Major-General Longstreet, I rode hastily across to Hogan's house, where I informed

