
close of the battle. The right and center companies, supposing the order to be to move in a different direction, marched, under Major T. S. Farrow, a short distance to the rear. Desiring to form a reserve of this force and the First Regiment for further movements, I directed Major Farrow to march farther to the right and rear, and form near Colonel Hamilton. Two companies of the First, those of Capts. W. T. Haskell and A. P. Butler, not having heard the order to retire, remained engaged in the front, and on the advance of the other troops acted in concert with those nearest to them to the end of the battle. Before I made any other disposition the portions of the First and Thirteenth, under Colonel Hamilton and Major Farrow, were ordered by Major-General Hill to take a position considerably to the right of my brigade, in support of the brigades of Generals Anderson and Field. At the close of the battle, being united with the First Rifles, the whole under the command of Colonel Hamilton, they bivouacked on their ground.

In the progress of the battle, after the wound received by Colonel Barnes, the Twelfth Regiment having suffered heavy loss and being in difficult grounds, became somewhat separated, but portions of the regiment, falling in with other commands, continued the fight to the end. Captain Bookter's company thus joined and fought in company with Colonel James Cantey's regiment from Alabama.

The part taken in the action by Captain Crenshaw's battery was important at the beginning, but became more so after the infantry had become so severely engaged and after two regiments and the greater part of the third had been moved to the right, leaving the original position of the brigade to be held by a comparatively small force of infantry. The fire of the battery was well aimed and rapid, and its position under an exceedingly heavy fire from the enemy was maintained with the greatest gallantry. At one time very heavy bodies of infantry were to be seen in the open fields beyond the ravine and to our right, drawn up in many lines, and apparently preparing for a formidable advance. Captain Crenshaw's guns directed upon these masses caused them quickly to disappear, sheltering themselves in the long hollow which ran through the fields and rendered the enemy's position so strong. At a late hour a large body of troops was to be seen beyond a house in front and on our left. This was the point at which we thought it probable that General Jackson's troops would emerge from the woods and attack the enemy in flank. But upon watching the body of troops before us for a short time I became satisfied that they belonged to the enemy, and threatened a dangerous assault on our left, where it was weak. I therefore ordered Captain Crenshaw to fire upon them. Very soon a staff officer of Major-General Ewell came up to insist on stopping this fire, as General Ewell believed the troops before us were friends. I caused the fire to be suspended for a few moments, but being fully satisfied by further observation that my first conclusion was right, I directed Captain Crenshaw to resume the fire, which he did with good aim, dispersing the enemy quickly. General Ewell was afterward fully satisfied with the correctness of this course. At one time during the action, and before firing on the troops just mentioned, Captain Crenshaw, with my approval, withdrew the battery some distance to the rear to rest for three-quarters of an hour. For a part of the time during the action two or three batteries were firing on him at once. At last, two of the brass pieces having been disabled by the breaking of axles and the other two having become too hot to fire and many men and horses killed or disabled, I directed Captain Crenshaw to withdraw his battery from the field, which

