
he did by removing the two disabled pieces by hand and using three horses with most of the other four pieces.

Captain Crenshaw was immediately replaced by Captain Marmaduke Johnson, whom General Lee ordered forward on my application for another battery. Captain Johnson, who had already at an early hour in the morning at Mechanicsville proved the efficiency of his battery by silencing the artillery of the enemy opposed to him, entered on this second conflict with great vigor. Three batteries opened upon him, and he was exposed to an incessant shower of rifle balls. He silenced one of the enemy's batteries by the use of round shot and kept up the contest hotly with the others. In a short time, I think about twenty minutes, 20 of his men and 10 horses were killed or wounded and his battery was disabled under this severe fire; his men stood to their guns like veterans till I ordered the battery to be withdrawn, in order to replace it by a section of that of Captain McIntosh, sent forward by General Lee at my request.

Captain McIntosh had hardly taken his position when his horse was killed under him. Like Captain Johnson, Captain McIntosh had already proved the efficiency of his battery at Mechanicsville, having opened the fight and been hotly engaged the evening before, and having resumed it in the morning until all his ammunition was expended and he was obliged to go back for a further supply.

When Captain McIntosh took his position he found the view of the enemy's position too much obstructed by smoke and dust to allow him to aim at any object. He fired two or three rounds, but no artillery distance to the rear, to remain in readiness for further orders.

It was now toward sunset, and from this time until 8.30 o'clock, when the enemy were driven from the field under the repeated attacks of at different points, as I have stated above.

CAMP GREGG, VA., March 10, 1863.

I, A. C. Haskell, certify on honor that the original, of which the foregoing is a copy, was found among General Gregg's papers. I am well acquainted with General Gregg's bandwriting, and I know the said report to be in his proper handwriting. No further report of the operations around Richmond can be found among General Gregg's papers.

A. C. HASKELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION, Laurel Hill, Va., July 18, 1862.

GENERAL: I learn from Colonel Hamilton, commanding First South Carolina Volunteers, that, in an interview with yourself and the Secretary of War the other day, the name of Major McCrady, of the same regiment, having been somewhat accidentally [incidentally] mentioned, Colonel Hamilton expressed the opinion that Major McCrady had not behaved properly, saying he had served on my staff on June 27, but could not find his regiment until it was driven back, and that now he had gone home on sick leave; upon which you remarked that Colonel Hamilton had better have him ordered back, and that you would issue such order if Colonel Hamilton desired it, and that if he should not report you would have a letter of another kind addressed to him, which would compel him to resign, to which the Secretary of War assented.

