
Artillery, from Fair Oaks to Allen's farm, when I was ordered into position near the railroad. We remained here about four hours and were under a heavy fire of artillery. As my battery was in an exposed position, I advanced nearly 100 yards to obtain the cover of a slight hill. I fired from this position a few rounds of shell and shot, when orders were received to retire to Savage Station, where I was to report to Brigadier-General Smith, who placed me in position on the right, where I was under a continual fire, but did not open with my battery. During the evening I received orders to retire to White Oak Swamp, which place we reached before daylight, and remained a few hours, when I was ordered to march to Nelson's Farm and toward night was placed in position on a bluff in rear of our troops.

Soon after arriving at this point heavy firing commenced upon my left and front. I changed front to cover the ground more effectively. As some of our troops were retreating in confusion I opened with solid shot and shell and kept up a rapid fire upon the advancing enemy. They did not approach nearer than 500 yards to my position, but kept up a terrible fire of artillery and musketry upon us from their position in the woods, where they lay concealed. I succeeded in exploding a caisson of the enemy. The fight continued until dark, and about 10 p.m. I received orders to retire to Malverton, which place I reached about daylight. At this point I was under fire most all day, but took no active part in the battle.

I would respectfully call the attention of the commanding officer to the conduct of Corpl. Michael Hart, who was sent with an order and was wounded which conveying it. He returned with the answer before visiting the hospital.

It may be proper here to state that he command a section of the battery at the battle of Ball's Bluff with great credit to himself. Also Peter Carlin - a citizen, employed to drive ambulance - who gave his ambulance to a soldier who was unable to work but was able to drive, and came forward to act as a cannoneer when there was scarcely enough men to work the guns. Also Edward Perkins and James Mooney, members of Company E, First California Regiment, who came forward during the fight at Nelson's farm, and rendered efficient service after several cannoneers had been disabled.

At present I have scarcely a gun-carriage fit for service. Most of the trails are almost worthless, the wheels are fast falling to pieces, and the different parts are fast giving way. These carriages were made by Wood &amp; Brothers, contractors, New York.

Very respectfully,

E. KIRBY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company I, First Artillery.

Colonel C. H. TOMPKINS, Chief of Artillery, Sedgwick's Division.

No. 28. Report of Colonel Alfred Sully,

First Minnesota Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swammp Bridge, and battles of Glendale (Frazier's Farm) and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS GORMAN'S BRIGADE, Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part

