
No. 333. Report of Captain D. G. McIntosh,

Pee Dee [S. C.] Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.
HEADQUARTERS PEE DEE ARTILLERY, July 14, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders I submit herewith a report of the part taken by my command in the late combats before Richmond:

At about 4 p.m. on the afternoon of Thursday General Hill ordered me to engage the enemy's batteries to the rear of Mechanicsville, then shelling the head of our column. I took position behind a small breastwork of the enemy and opened upon them at a distance of about 700 yards, mine being, I believe, the first battery to open fire. After a few rounds one of the howitzers broke its axle and had to be sent to the rear. The fire from the other three pieces was continued with slight intermissions until about 9 o'clock, when I was ordered by General Hill to cease. The enemy at one time directed a fire against me from three points, but the only casualties which occurred was the killing of 4 horses. I had discharged when the firing ceased 160 rounds from each gun, and they became so warm during the action that it was with great difficulty the brass piece could be worked.

At daylight on Friday morning the firing was resumed on my side slowly, as I had but little ammunition left. At 8 o'clock, having expended every round, I withdrew.

The casualties on this morning were-1 man, Private J. T. McLindon, killed and Private Newgas severely wounded. One horse was also killed. I carried into this action 70 men, exclusive of officers.

At 12 m., having received a supply of ammunition, I followed the division and overtook it at Cold Harbor.

During the afternoon your ordered a section of the battery into action and finding no artillery opposed to me, and the smoke too great to tell friend from foe and reporting the same to you, I was ordered to retire.

In this action Sergeant Hepburn was wounded in the arm.

On the battle-days of Monday and Tuesday I was frequently with the battery under fire, but took no part in either action.

Respectfully submitted.

D. G. McINTOSH,Captain.

Brigadier General MAXCY GREGG,

Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 334. Report of Colonel D. H. Hamilton,

First South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm, and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS., Camp on New Market Road, Va., July 14, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders I desire to report as to the part taken by my regiment in the recent battles of June 27 and 30 and July 1:

