
his death the regiment, the State, and the Confederacy has been deprived of an officer of intelligence and great gallantry. Among the wounded are some of our most valuable officers, to wit: Captains Vanlandingham, McMeekin, Bookter, and Miller. Captains Vanlandingham and McMeekin were wounded at the last stand we made at the edge of the pine thicket. I am not informed as to [the] place Captain Miller was wounded, he having been absent ever since. Captain Bookter, as before stated, was wounded after joining an Alabama regiment, late in the evening. It is gratifying to know that the wounds of Captains Bookter, McMeekin, and Miller are such as to render the loss of their services only temporary, but even this will be seriously felt by the regiment. The wound of Captain Vanlandingham was such as to require the amputation of the left leg. His loss be seriously felt in the regiment, and to his company it will be irreparable.

Passing by all the details of the pursuit I come now to the fight of Monday evening, June 30. About 5 p.m. we arrived in the vicinity of the enemy, halted, and stacked arms in a piece of woods to the right of the road. The fight soon commenced in front of us, and about 6.30 o'clock the regiments of the brigade were formed in line and marched by the right flank about 1 1/4 miles to a point near where the fight was progressing. On arriving at this point we were halted and the regiments were formed in column of companies, the Twelfth being third in order. About sundown the Twelfth was ordered to form line to the front. This being done, we were ordered to march through the thicket and take position in rear as a support to the Fourteenth, which had been previously sent into the fight. I marched a short distance through the thicket and came upon the First Regiment lying down. Halting there for a few seconds to make some inquiry about the position of the Fourteenth, I gave the command left face, marched around the left of the First Regiment, then marched to the front, and took position about 200 or 300 yards in rear of the firing, with my right flank a short distance from and nearly opposite the center of the line of the First Regiment and perpendicular to it. I made the men lie down in order to protect them from the bullets, which were flying fast and thick over and about us. We remained in this position until the close of the fight, about 8.30 p.m., having 7 men wounded at this place.

Colonel McGowan now brought out his command [the Fourteenth] and the regiments of the brigade bivouacked. About 10 or 11 o'clock at night the general himself came to us and ordered us to return in the morning to the place we had left in the evening. This we did, and remained to the place until about 6 p.m. of Tuesday, July 1. We were then marched up the road about 2 miles, passing the battle ground of the previous day, and were there halted.

In a very short time the battle of July 1, began and progressed fiercely in front of us and on the right wing of the enemy. The firing of the enemy soon slackened on his right, but was taken up fiercely along his line toward his center and left, and we were marched back about half a mile, halted and faced to the front. General Hill came up and ordered the Twelfth and Fourteenth to remain in that position and watch toward the enemy. Here we remained until the close of the fight, without participating in the engagement.

I close this report by acknowledging the cordial and efficient assistance rendered me by Lieutenant Colonel Cad. Jones, the only field officer I had, and also by bearing testimony to the faithful discharge by Dr. J. Ford

55 R R-VOL XI, PT II

