
Prioleau, surgeon, and Dr. J. W. Keith, assistant surgeon, of their arduous duties.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

D. BARNES,

Colonel Twelfth Regiment.

Captain A. C. HASKELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 336. Report of Colonel O. E. Edwards,

Thirteenth South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Beaver Dam Creek, or Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm [Nelson's Farm, or Glendale], and Crew's Farm, or Malvern Hill.

JULY 18, 1862.

Report of the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the late combats before Richmond, with lists of casualties.

1. The Thirteenth, numbering 413 men, reached the scene of action, near Mechanicsville and Beaver Dam Creek, at 6.30 p.m. on June 26. Formed line of battle and remained under fire of shot and shell until 9 p.m., when the firing ceased, and then bivouacked for the night on the spot. No casualties.

2. In the action at Beaver Dam, on the morning of the 27th, my regiment numbered 414. The fire of shot and shell from the enemy's battery beyond the creek opened at 4 a.m., sweeping across our position, and continued until 5.40 o'clock, when we advanced half a mile to the Mechanicsville turnpike; halted [and] loaded. Under orders to support Colonel Barnes [Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers] I advanced in that attitude to the bridge across the creek [7.35 a.m.], where a brief delay occurred to repair the bridge. Crossing as soon as the work was completed I pursued the march directly on along the road to Walnut Grove Church, where at 9.10 a.m. the command halted until 10 a.m. No casualties.

3. In the action near Powhite Creek, about noon on the 27th, my regiment numbered 414. Under the former orders extended I moved, supporting Colonel Barnes, forming line of battle at 12 m. While the front of the brigade was actively engaging the enemy I moved on in position assigned me, through some camps of the enemy, to the road near its crossing a bridge over the creek. Halted while the bridge was being repaired.

Casualties-1 wounded.

4. Into the action at Gaines' farm, or Cold Harbor, my regiment went with 413 men. Under orders to support Colonel Hamilton, First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, I moved forward at 2 p.m. from Powhite Creek eastward toward the strong position held by the enemy. Near the outset of this advance I lost some men.

After a brief pause, by order, the forward movement was continued until we reached a ravine and brook between the position about this time assumed by Captain Crenshaw's field artillery and the main front of the enemy. This halt of the brigade was at 2.40 p.m.

The fire under which my regiment remained here was very heavy, and from the ordering forward of the commands of Colonels Hamilton,

