
Marshall, and Barnes it was a double fire from front and right. Being ordered to hold the position assigned me along the brook until Colonel Hamilton should fall back, I held the position and awaited that event. My instructions were to hold the position and be ready when Colonel Hamilton fell back, and then to pour a destructive volley into the enemy as he emerged from the pines; that Colonel Hamilton at that juncture would take position in my rear to support me. After occupying this exposed position-exposed by reason of the apparently unimpeded fire of small-arms pouring constantly upon us, as before stated-for an hour or so without the appearance of Colonel Hamilton or his command, finding my regiment severely pressed and partly surrounded by the enemy upon my right, where I had expected the regiments of our own brigade, and finding the availability of my left wing materially interfered with by the dog and undergrowth, I felt it my duty to change my position slightly. I accordingly ordered forward as skirmishers my right company, driving the enemy from that wood, and then threw my regiment a few yards across the brook with a view of protecting my right, in case of a repetition of the enemy's former movement, and as the best means of holding my position as ordered, for the purpose indicated in that order. The brook is passable at only two or three places in the portion occupied, so that a regular movement in line was impracticable. In the confusion produced by this circumstance, by the din of incessant cannon and small-arm firing, an other noise incident to battle, my commands could not be heard perfectly, and the irregular nature of the ground and the undergrowth caused a separation of the wings of my command.

Major Farrow, with the right and center companies, in a few minutes reported to Brigadier-General Gregg, near by, and under orders from him took position on another part of the field. A fragment of three companies of the left, under my command, remained on the ground until night and victory closed the action. Bivouacked on the field.

Casualties-4 killed, 44 wounded, 4 since died.

5. My regiment went into the action at Willis' Church Monday, June 30, numbering 342 men.

At 5.30 p.m. we halted in a wood adjacent to the action and were for nearly an hour under a sporadic fire of shells, by which I lost 1 man killed.

At 6.30 the brigade moved forward to the immediate scene of the battle. My regiment moved under same orders to the left by successive stages, halting frequently.

About 7.30 loaded, fixed bayonets, and when it neared the front of the supposed enemy, under a galling fire of small-arms in front, it was ordered to form in close column of companies, and to charge bayonets through a dense copse. This movement was arrested to inquire definitely whether friends or enemy were before us, for darkness utterly prevented our distinguishing by sight. Inquiry seemed to result in determining that our friends were before us, and I was ordered to move by the right and reform in the road from which the charge was made, which I did promptly and bivouacked there for the night.

Casualties-1 killed, 15 wounded, 1 since died.

6. My regiment numbered 269 in the action at Malvern Hill, or Crew's farm, on July 1.

At 5 p.m. we were marched, with some halts, perhaps 2 miles to a position near the road, where our line of battle was formed about 8 p.m. Here we were under sporadic fire of shells until about 9.30, when the action closed. We then returned to our bivouac. No casualties.

