
General summary.-Killed, 5; wounded, 60. Grand total casualties, 65. Since dead, 5. Grand total deaths, 10.*

The conduct and bearing of my regiment-officers and men-in these actions were, with a few exceptions, highly commendable. They were steady, cool, prompt, and ready. Under the most trying ordeal of receiving a severe fire for hours without returning it they proved them selves efficient soldiers and worthy our great cause.

Respectfully submitted.

O. E. EDWARDS,

Colonel Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain A. C. HASKELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 337. Report of Colonel Samuel McGowan,

Fourteenth South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Frazier's Farm [Nelson's Farm, or Glendale].

HDQRS. FOURTEENTH Regiment SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS., Near Richmond, Va., July 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, under my command, in the late battles around Richmond:

On Wednesday, June 25, the brigade was encamped at Smith's farm, on the Chickahominy, and my regiment went on picket duty that morning. During that day all the brigade, except my regiment, was ordered to move up the river toward Meadow Bridge. I was informed that other troops would relieve me on picket during Wednesday night, and in that case I was to follow and join the brigade. It turned out, however, that we were not relieved; the regiment remained on picket all the night, next day, and the next night, being two days and nights, without rest or sleep. About 10 a.m. on Friday we could discover from our picket post on the hills that the enemy was retreating and our friends pursuing them down the opposite bank of the Chickahominy. As soon as the enemy had cleared our front I sent two companies [Captains Wood and Taggart] down to the river, to communicate, if possible, with General Gregg. They there found Captain Harry Hammond, of the general's staff, who, not being able to get his horse across the river, came on foot to the regiment, delivered an order for us to join the brigade, and guided us on the march. We had great difficulty in crossing the river, as the enemy had torn up and burned the bridge-the upper new bridge-the night before. We succeeded, however, in repairing it, so that the regiment crossed and moved on, under a constant fire of shells from one of the enemy's batteries. The ambulance and surgeon's wagon had, however, to make the circuit by Mechanicsville, and arrived about the time the battle began. The day was intensely hot, and the regiment being much fatigued, Captain Hammond led us to a point near where the brigade was engaged, on the extreme right of the enemy, and halted us to rest for a few moments while he went forward to see the general.

At this moment the battle opened with great fury and, exhausted as we were, we were at once ordered forward. By the direction of the

---------------

*See Guild's report, p.503.

---------------

