
taken by the brigade I command in the march from Fair Oaks to this camp:

Owing to the illness of General Gorman, the commanding officer, I was placed in command. Early Sunday, 29th ultimo, we left our intrenchments and fell back to Allen's farm, on the railroad. The Fifteenth Massachusetts the evening before were ordered to Savage Station as a guard, and were employed in destroying Government stores there. The enemy opening on us at Allen's farm, the brigade was drawn up in line on the edge of the woods as a support, and though exposed to a heavy artillery fire, were not engaged. The enemy being repulsed, we were ordered to move promptly to Savage Station, and took our position there on a hill.

About 4 p.m. the enemy opened on os with artillery. The First Minnesota Regiment was ordered to follow General Burns' brigade, which was advancing across the field to the woods occupied by the enemy. They here did good service in protecting Burns' left flank and firmly held their ground against great odds. Their loss here was very heavy. The enemy still pressing Burns heavily the Eighty-second New York and Fifteenth Massachusetts were ordered to his assistance and the relief of the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers. These regiments moved up handsomely in line of battle, and taking their position in the edge of the woods under a heavy fire, held their ground. The Thirty-fourth New York Volunteers was kept on the hill in reserve, as there was some danger of our extreme left.

About 9 p.m. the regiment were withdrawn, and we took up our line of march through the White Oak Swamp; continued the march during the night and next day until we reached Nelson's farm. At the time some skirmishing was going on in front by troops of other divisions. Heavy artillery taking place in our rear, the brigade was ordered back to support Richardson's division. Being very unwell I remained behind, sending my staff with orders to send for me in case we got engaged.

Soon after this the battle opened on the field where I was, the enemy driving large bodies of our troops (McCall's division, I believe), who ran to the rear panic-stricken. I did all I could to rally them, but without success. General Sumner told me he had sent for my brigade and wished me to lead it into action, keeping the First Minnesota as a reserve. The brigade soon after arrived, very much exhausted, having marched most of the way at double-quick. It was soon formed and marched to the front, the First Minnesota being placed in advance of our batteries. I rode to the right of our line and found that General Burns had ordered the Fifteenth Massachusetts and Thirty-fourth New York into the woods, to support some regiments hotly pressed by the enemy. The Eighty-second New York was placed in position on their right.

Finding that the right of the line was very much exposed,owing to the fact that some regiments before stationed there had fallen back and the enemy were collecting a large force in our front, I sent back word to General Sumner and then went myself, in hopes of bringing up the First Minnesota Regiment, but I found that General Dana had ordered it into the thickets of the fight, to sustain some regiments of his brigade. This, I understand, they did most gallantly. The Fifteenth Massachusetts were ordered farther to the left by General Burns, to support part of his brigade. During the rest of the day they held the ground they were ordered to. The Thirty-fourth and Eighty-second New York also maintained their position on the right till 12 at night,

