
New York, Company H; Captain Reed, Twentieth Indiana, Company K, and 15 or 16 others, mostly of the Twentieth Indiana Regiment. Having no place to keep these prisoners, they were turned over by my direction to a mounted escort in charge of prisoners.

As we were going into the charge General Pryor, in rear of whose brigade we passed, presented to General Gregg a battle-flag, bearing upon its folds the names of "Williamsburg" and "Seven Pines," and belonging to St. Paul's Louisiana Battery, which the general intrusted to the Fourteenth for that occasion. I called upon Company D, the flag company, for a flag-bearer, and T. W. Carwile, quite a youth, volunteered to carry it, and did carry it through the fight with great gallantry. It was struck by balls five times during the contest, and yet the bearer escaped unhurt. I recommend young Carwile to the favorable consideration of the general for his distinguished gallantry.

I cannot omit to mention, also, the services of Lieutenant James Dunlap, of Co. F, who, in addition to his other laborious duties as commanding officer of his company, after his gallant captain [Owens] had fallen, discharged, also, at my request, the duties of adjutant of the regiment. I take pleasure in commending him as a most faithful and efficient officer.

As my adjutant and both orderlies were shot down in the first action [Orderly White was killed and Orderly Harrison seriously, if not mortally, wounded], I am unable to give the exact number that went into the different combats. I know that several fainted and many broke down on the march. I judge that about 500 went into the fight of Friday and about 200 into that of Monday evening. It will be seen that our loss is more than half the number engaged. We lost on Friday 18 killed and 197 wounded and missing, and on Monday 11 killed and 65 wounded and missing; total, 291. Some of those reported as wounded have since died. I have heard of the death of Captain Owens, Sergeant Franks, and Albert Boyce, and I greatly fear that others have, and that many will still die.

The honored and lamented dead have laid down their lives in a just cause, defending their country from invasion and their homes from pollution. They died gallantly. Their names will be embalmed in history as martyrs of liberty and added to the long roll of Carolina's departed heroes.

I have been greatly indebted to Surgeon Huot and Assistant Surgeon Youngblood and their assistants for their indefatigable attention to the numerous wounded.

Hoping that the general is satisfied with the conduct of the regiment, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. McGOWAN,

Colonel Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain A. C. HASKELL,

Aide-de-Camp.

No. 338. Report of Colonel J. Foster Marshall,

First South Carolina Rifles, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm [Nelson's Farm, or Glendale].

HDQRS. FIRST Regiment SOUTH CAROLINA, VOL. RIFLES, SECOND BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION, - -, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report, as embracing the part that my regiment

