
took in the battles before Richmond, commencing Thursday, June 26, and ending on Tuesday night, July 1, instant:

On Wednesday night, June 25, the brigade took up the line of march for Meadow Bridge, on Chickahominy, and halted about 3 a.m. to rest the troops preparatory to the coming struggle.

On Thursday evening, 4 p.m., the brigade was put in motion for Meadow Bridge, which we reached about 6 p.m., the enemy having abandoned all their intrenchments near the bridge and fallen back upon their stronghold at Mechanicsville. The other brigades of the division having engaged the enemy in and around Mechanicsville, there seemed to be no immediate need of our brigade, and, in obedience to orders, I formed my regiment in line of battle in rear of a hedge-row to await further orders. Here, during a heavy cannonade of shell and grape, my regiment was put to a severe trial of their courage for two and a half hours without the privilege of returning a shot; but I am happy to report that not a man shrank from his post of duty.

I had 1 private killed by a shell-Samuel O. Reid, of Company G. Night closed with the capture of Mechanicsville.

On the morning of the 27th the Second Brigade of Major General A. P. Hill's division was put in the advance and pressed on after the enemy as rapidly as circumstances would allow. On approaching Gaines' Mill the enemy was discovered in strong force on the opposite side of the creek to resist our crossing and the rebuilding of the bridge. After reconnoitering the position of the enemy the Second Brigade was soon formed into line of battle, Colonel Hamilton on the right, supported by Colonel Edwards; Colonel Barnes on the left, supported by Colonel Marshall. Thus formed, we advanced upon the enemy, and in fifteen minutes after we opened fire they retreated in the direction of Cold Harbor.

The division having crossed over, General Gregg was again put in the advance, and was ordered to reconnoiter and scour the woods and fields that lay on the left of the road leading to the enemy's works. For this purpose the same line of battle was formed by the brigade as before, crossing at Gaines' Mill, and the order to advance given. As soon as we discovered the enemy, posted in a pine thicket, the charge was made, and in ten minutes we drove them out, and those we did not capture or wound beat a hasty retreat to the main battle ground, selected and fortified by the enemy.

At 2 p.m. we advanced to Cold Harbor, where we rested a few moments preparatory to a charge upon the enemy's positions. The Crenshaw Battery was ordered forward, which in a gallant style opened upon the enemy's position in front. This disclosed two heavy batteries of the enemy, who commenced throwing shot and shell into our ranks at a destructive rate. The Second Brigade was now formed into line of battle, with Colonel Hamilton, on the right, Colonel Marshall in the center, Colonel Barnes on the left, and Colonel Edwards for a support. In this position we advanced upon the enemy at a double-quick under heavy discharges of shell, grape, and canister, many falling killed and wounded. We dashed through tree tops, mud, marshes, and branches, driving the enemy before us until we got possession of the brow of the hill upon which the enemy's batteries in strong force were posted. Here we remained for about two hours, exposed to canister, grape, and musketry, while a heavy cannonade was going on over our heads between the Crenshaw Battery and those of the enemy.

At 4 p.m.you, having determined to take a battery which had been throwing grape and canister on our right, called for the First South

