
About 6 o'clock in the evening the Second Brigade, in connection with the other brigades of the division, was put in motion to render any assistance that might be needed by our friends in the desperate battle that was then raging. We formed in line of battle in rear of our advancing column, ready to strike a blow where most needed. Here we were again exposed to a heavy fire of shot and shell for an hour, but fortunately no one of my regiment was injured.

Thus ended the series of hard-fought battles before Richmond, resulting in a complete triumph of the Confederate arms and the repulse of the Grand Army of the Potomac under the self-styled "Young Napoleon," who had been forced to seek protection under cover of their gunboats 30 miles down the James River.

It affords me pleasure to bear record to the gallant and officer-like conduct in which my field officers, Lieutenant Colonel D. A. Ledbetter and Major J. W. Livingston, bore themselves throughout the day, and especially in the charge. Major Livingston received a severe wound on the left side while making the charge.

I am proud to record the gallant manner in which Captain James M. Perrin, as commander of the skirmishers, acquitted himself; he deserves great credit for the coolness and bravery he displayed on that occasion. Also Captain J. J. Norton, his junior in command of the skirmishers, who was wounded in the left arm while gallantly leading his company.

The handsome manner in which Captains Miller and Miles M. Norton supported the advance companies entitles them to great praise. Captain Miller was wounded in the right side while gallantly leading his company, which had 13 killed on the field. Captain Miles M. Norton, who had left a sick bed to lead his men into action, bore himself in a gallant manner at the head of his company and is entitled to great credit.

Captain F. E. Harrison was shot down, having received a severe wound in his leg while gallantly leading his company through the severest of the fight.

Captain G. W. Cox was shot down while nobly leading his company through the charge. He had 16 killed on the field.

Captains Moore and Hadden, who passed through unscathed, were distinguished for their coolness and bravery throughout the entire engagement.

Lieutenant William C. Davis distinguished himself for his coolness and bravery during the battle. He received a severe wound on the head, bound it up, and fought throughout the day.

Lieutenant W. W. Higgins, of Company G, was conspicuous for his coolness and bravery during the battle, fighting the Zouaves and bringing them to a stand-still with 30 men.

Lieutenant Latimer, Company G, fell seriously wounded in the ankle while gallantly supporting the skirmishers. He has since died.

Lieutenant McKay, of Company H, was seriously wounded in the arm while leading his company after his captain fell.

Lieutenant Philpot, of Company A, fell dangerously wounded while gallantly sustaining the charge of his company.

Lieutenant Norris, of Company K, fell mortally wounded [since dead] while nobly leading his company after his captain had fallen.

Lieuts. John B. Sloan, of Company D; Fullerton, of Company F; Pratt, of Company G; Cheshire, of Company H, who passed through uninjured, deserve great credit for the coolness and bravery displayed by them throughout the engagement.

To Lieutenant Robertson, Company B, commander of the Infirmary

