
Corps, the regiment is greatly indebted for the prompt and timely assistance afforded the wounded during the thickest of the battle. This corps worked all night carrying off the wounded, and were until 12 m. the next day before their labors were ended. They deserve great credit.

To my surgeon, Dr. T. A. Evins, I am greatly indebted for the prompt preparations of the surgical department for the battles and for the skill and ability he displayed in his operations and taking care of the wounded.

To my chaplain, Rev. H. T. Sloan, I have always been indebted for the high moral influence he has exercised over the regiment, and particularly after this bloody battle in administering spiritual comfort to the dying and superintending the burial of the dead of the regiment. He is entitled to great credit for the faithful discharge of the duties of his office under great privations and trials.

My commissary, Captain Edwards, was always at his post with rations for the men, never allowing the regiment to be without something to eat during the battles.

My quartermaster, Captain Thomas B. Lee, was transferred a few days previous to the brigade staff, in which he bore himself gallantly. I am greatly indebted to him for his valuable services while acting as quartermaster to my regiment.

To my special aides, Lieuts. J. T. Parks and William J. Marshall, I was greatly indebted during the battle for their valuable services in extending my orders. They distinguished themselves for their coolness and bravery. During the day Lieutenant Parks captured 7 prisoners.

During the charge my color-sergeant [Kyle, of Company B] was distinguished for his coolness and the gallant manner in which he bore the regimental flag. When in the thickest of the fight he was shot down, dangerously wounded through the thighs. Corporal Milford, of Company F, one of the color guard, gathered the colors and bore them triumphantly through the charge; it has three bullet-holes through it and one nearly cutting the staff in two.

To the gallant non-commissioned officers and privates, who each personally distinguished himself for coolness and bravery during the bloody battle, the country owes a debt of lasting gratitude. It is the private who has to bear the heat and burden of the day, and his name should be placed high in the niche of fame. They are all entitled to the highest reward of a grateful country.

It is gratifying for me to report upon the accurate and deliberate firing of my regiment. There was not a tree on the side where we entered the woods marked by a ball higher than 6 feet and lower than he knees, while on the Yankee side they ranged from 30 feet down to the ground.

The result of our contest with the enemy was 253 regulars and Pennsylvanians and 32 New York Zouaves killed on the field, and 23 wounded prisoners, among them a major and a first lieutenant.

I trust that the part performed by my regiment in the recent battles before Richmond meets with the approval of our general. The highest ambition of the regiment was to perform every duty in the great struggle assigned to it, and to contribute by its efforts, in connection with other regiments, to the complete overthrow of the enemy, and to see victory perch upon the Confederate standard.

The following is a synopsis of the casualties of the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteer Rifles, as made out by the commanders of companies on the 12th instant; copies of such reports accompany this report:

