
when all the regiments were withdrawn and we again took up our line of march. By sunrise we reached Malvern Hill, and the rest of the army, almost entirely broken down by fatigue, but not to rest. We were soon again under arms, and marching to the right formed in line of battle, to support some batteries and be ready for an attack. After waiting there some time, exposed to a heavy fire of artillery, we moved by the right flank and joined Smith's left, where we remained in position until night, when we were again ordered to march, reaching this place about noon July 2.

Where so many behaved well it is hard to mention names. Colonel Suiter, Thirty-fourth New York; Colonel Hudson, Eighty-second New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, First Minnesota; Lieutenant-Colonel Kimball, Fifteenth Massachusetts, commanded their regiments with great coolness and bravery. Colonel Suiter, Thirty-fourth New York, recommends his adjutant, Lieutenant George W. Thompson, for his efficiency. I cheerfully concur in this recommendation. My thanks are due to my staff, Captain Hebard, Lieutenant Raquet and Gorman, and Mr. E. L. Sproat, volunteer aide, acting on the staff, for the service rendered me in time of action. I beg leave to state to the general commanding that I can say with pride that in all these fights not a regiment of the First Brigade yielded one inch of ground to the enemy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Colonel First Minnesota, Commanding Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM D. SEDGWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 29. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Kimball,

Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of the action at Garnett's Farm, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT MASSACHUSETTS VOLS., Camp near Harrison's Landing, July 5, 1862.

[SIR: ] I have the honor to report that on Friday, June 27, 1862, at 2 o'clock p.m., I was ordered to move my regiment as rapidly as possible from camp near Fair Oaks, and take a position on the right of the Eighty-second New York Volunteers, this being the extreme right of Gorman's brigade. Remained in this position until about 5 o'clock p.m., when I was ordered to report immediately to General Burns, which I did, taking a position on the left of his brigade, in support of the Seventh New York Volunteers. We remained in this position about half an hour, during which time a very hot skirmish was going on directly in front, in which the front lines and artillery only were engaged.

Was then ordered to report immediately to General Smith on the right of the line, which I did, moving my regiment a part of the way at double-quick. Reporting to General Smith at 8 o'clock, was ordered at once to enter a rifle pit to the left of the front, thereby relieving the Fifth Wisconsin Volunteers, who were ordered to the front, where a most terrific engagement was going on.

Was then ordered to leave the pit and advance in line of battle to the front, in order to relieve the troops whose ammunition had been expended.

