
were given that no musket was to be fired till we came up with and recognized our friends in front. The march was continued in perfect order under a galling fire until we came up to a fence, and on my right found my left wing in position under Lieutenant-Colonel Pendleton. I immediately ordered my brigade over the fence, and placing myself in its front, reformed the line, still believing our friends to be in front and determined to proceed to their aid.

At this moment I was just able to see a force, which seemed to be a brigade or division, marching down upon us, and was soon satisfied that they were the enemy; but it was impossible to inspire the men with this belief, especially as the enemy, not them more than 50 or 75 yards from us, were constantly singing out, "For God's sake, don't fire on us; we are friends." An order to fire at this moment I was satisfied would be unavailing, so I ordered, "Charge bayonet in double-quick," hoping that a moment more would satisfy my men of their mistake. At this moment Lieutenant-Colonel Coleman, of the artillery, who happened to come up, rendered me valuable assistance in attempting to undeceive my command; but it seemed to be impossible, and its consequent demoralization was great and unfortunate. All doubt should soon have been removed by the command "Fire" on the part of the enemy, who delivered a very deadly fire, received by my then left wing, and chiefly the Forty-fifth Georgia, Colonel Hardeman. The men were ordered to lie down and continue the firing, until finally the enemy were driven from the field.

It was in this affair that Colonel Hardeman, while nobly encouraging his brave men, was severely wounded, and I myself, receiving a blow on my forehead, fell disabled for a time, which devolved the command on Colonel Edward L. Thomas.

The lists of killed and wounded in my brigade in these three fights, amounting to 364, have already been reported to you.

In closing this statement, general, of the part taken by my brigade in the battles around Richmond, I respectfully refer to the reports of the regimental commanders for details.

Where so many officers and men did their duty well it would be difficult to particularize. But it is due to Captain Roscoe B. Heath, my able assistant adjutant-general, that I should acknowledge the obligation I am under to him for his valuable assistance not only on these occasions, but throughout his service as the chief of my staff. Notwithstanding the fact that he was suffering from severe illness he insisted on accompanying me on this march against my earnest advice, and after passing through the battles of June 26 and 27 was only induced to retire by assurance from the surgeon that further exertion would cost him his life.

I beg to commend to your notice my aide, Lieutenant William Norwood, who evinced throughout zeal, enterprise, and daring; and to my volunteer aides, Capts. William Morris and Phillip Haxall, I am indebted for valuable assistance in delivering orders in entire disregard of danger, as well as in encouraging and rallying the troops. It was in the engagement of June 27, at Cold Harbor, that Captain Morris was severely, and I fear dangerously, wounded by a musket-ball breaking his thigh bone.

My brigade commissary, Major Lewis Ginter, and quartermaster, Major Robert T. Taylor, more than justified my favorable estimate of their qualifications.

I have not referred more particularly to the two field batteries attached to my brigade, commanded by those accomplished officers Capts.

