
- McIntosh and Greenlee Davidson, because they were under your immediate command.

Nor should I omit to express my unmeasured approbation of the fidelity of the surgeons of this brigade in the performance of their onerous and responsible labors. The chief surgeon and his assistants, I know by personal observation, devoted their skill and sleepless energies to the alleviation of the sufferings of our brave men. The infirmary corps system, too, I regard as wisely conceived, and was, as far as my observation extended, faithfully executed by the several details.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. R. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General A. P. HILL,

Commanding Light Division.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., July 28, 1863.

SIR: I observe a clerical error in my report of the operations of the brigade commanded by me in the battles of last year in this vicinity which I will ask the favor of you to have corrected.

In the fifth line of first page [of] manuscript, "June 26" should read "June 25," the latter being the day of the month on which the march was commenced.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. R. ANDERSON.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond, Va.

No. 340. Report of Brigadier General L. O'B. Branch,

C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm [Nelson's Farm, or Glendale], and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. FOURTH BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION, - -, 1862.

On Tuesday, June 24, I received orders from General Lee to take a position on the Chickahominy near Half Link on Wednesday evening, and to cross the river and take the road to Mechanicsville as soon as I should be informed by General Jackson that he had crossed the Central Railroad.

In my written orders it was stated that General Jackson would cross the railroad at 3 o'clock Thursday morning, and, allowing one hour for the transmission of the message, I was under arms and prepared to cross at 4 a.m. of Thursday.

Not having received any intelligence from General Jackson, and General Lee's written orders to me being explicit, there was no danger of my making a false movement; but after 8 o'clock in the morning I received from you an order in these words: "Wait for Jackson's notification before you move unless I send other orders."

Up to this time my brigade was in the open fields near the banks of

56 R R-VOL XI, PT II

