
fell, 10 horses killed and wounded, and the battery entirely disabled-exposed to the fire not only of the batteries of the enemy, but of sharpshooters, who could not be seen. You saw them silence one of the batteries and manfully resist others until by your orders I withdrew them from the field. It is needless, therefore, for me to assure [you] of my gratification at their behavior.

Accompanying I send you a list of the casualties, as directed.*

I have the honor, general, to be your most respectful and obedient servant,

MARMADUKE JOHNSON,

Captain.

No. 342. Report of Colonel E. Graham Haywood,

Seventh North Carolina Infantry, of skirmishers near Meadow Bridge and Atlee's Station, and battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm [Nelson's Farm, or Glendale], and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment NORTH CAROLINA TROOPS, July 10, 1862.

GENERAL: In consequence of the fall of that gallant soldier and generous gentleman Colonel R. P. Campbell, late the commanding officer of this regiment, who was slain in the fight near Gaines' Mill on the 27th ultimo, it becomes my duty, as second in command of this regiment, to report to you the proceedings of my troops in the recent battles before Richmond. His fittest monument is the tattered flag which drooped above our glorious dead when this fearful conflict was over.

I have the honor to report that on June 25, after orders received from you, we proceeded, together with the rest of your brigade, from our camp on the Brooke turnpike up the Telegraph road toward the Chickahominy River.

On the following morning at 3.30 a.m. [after bivouacking the night previous], in pursuance of orders received from you, we were in readiness to move, but did not change our position until about 10 a.m., in consequence [as I was informed] of the want of information as to the position of Major-General Jackson. At this hour we were put in motion, the Seventh Regiment being in the front of your brigade. We soon reached the Chickahominy, upon the crossing of which I was immediately thrown forward with three companies, to wit, Companies C, F, and A, of this regiment, about one-quarter of a mile in front of the head of our column, for the purpose of dislodging the enemy's pickets between us and the Meadow Bridge. After marching a few miles I encountered about 200 of the enemy, whom we immediately attacked, and after a short conflict drove from their position. We succeeded in capturing their flag and several of their company books and memoranda, with a slight loss of wounded and none killed on my part. The loss of the enemy we had no means of ascertaining.

The next point at which we encountered the enemy was a few hundred yards beyond Atlee's Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad. Here we had another severe skirmish. Colonel Campbell, of the Seventh Regiment, immediately ordered forward Company B. During the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

