
lost all its officers. Lieutenants Haywood and Closs were killed in the brave and faithful discharge of their duties.

Lieutenant Ham. C. Graham, late of the Twenty-second Regiment North Carolina Troops, who had volunteered to take a command in said company as lieutenant, had his leg broken early in the conflict.

Where almost every officer has distinguished himself it is difficult to bestow especial praise upon any, but the serious bereavement which this company has sustained, not only in this loss of their officers, but also in the loss of men, induces me to commend it to your especial consideration. I shall take occasion hereafter to recommend Lieutenant Graham for promotion if his wound will admit of his again entering the service.

In this battle it was also that Captain R. B. MacRae was seriously, and M. H. Peoples, of Company K, mortally, wounded.

Lieutenant Joseph C. Miller, of Company K, here rendered up his life, having fallen in close proximity to the point where Colonel Campbell fell while bravely leading his men into the conflict.

Captain McAulay, Company I, and Lieutenant W. J. Kerr, Company D, [the color company], also sustained serious injuries, from which they will not soon recover. Many others sustained injuries, the extent of which may be learned from official reports already published.

On Sunday, the 29th, we proceeded to recross the Chickahominy, and pursued the enemy until Monday evening, the 30th, when we overtook him, and were at once formed in column of regiments on the right of the road under cover of the woods. In a few moments we were led into action by you in person. Since you witnessed the daring of my regiment while advancing toward the labored in meeting a retreating battery, also in not knowing with accuracy the point for which they were designated, I shall leave it to you, general, to say all that is necessary in their praise.

So soon as the enemy appeared in sight the order was given for our regiment to charge, which we did without faltering, and drove him before us for at least 1 mile, every inch of which was hotly contested. It was now near sunset, and finding that he had fallen back upon his reserves, which extended far beyond my right flank, and that we had driven away the immediate force that were protecting the enemy's batteries, I ordered a change of position, so as to reform in rear of General Pender's brigade, which was then advancing to our support.

About this time I was myself disabled by a slight wound on the head, but by the assistance of some of my men was enable for a while to keep the field and to send a portion of my men again into action under the command of Major J. L. Hill.

During this action and in the reformation just spoken of I take occasion to acknowledge the eminent services rendered to me, my regiment, and the cause by Major Hill, who was always ready to expose himself to the hottest fire. To Lieutenant F. D. Stockton, my adjutant, who was by my side during the whole action, except when bearing official messages under the enemy's fire, and did great when bearing official messages under the enemy's fire, and did great service in assisting me in rallying the men. Lieutenant Munro, of the Second North Carolina Regiment, who was acting as a volunteer lieutenant in Company E, also distinguished himself by conspicuous bravery. Captain J. McLeod Turner [Company F] and his command distinguished themselves, as they have always hitherto done, by the eagerness with which they approached the foe. Lieutenant Murchison, Company C, also proved himself a worthy successor of his disabled captain, R. B. MacRae. It was

