
When but a few rods in advance of the pit the order was countermanded, the report having been received that the enemy had been repulsed and driven from his position in much confusion. After receiving the thanks of General Smith I returned to camp by his order, reporting to General Sumner. Although not actually engaged with the enemy in any part of the day's fight, I cannot but think that it was owing to the timely of my regiment on the right, thereby permitting re-enforcements to go to the front at this critical time, that the tide of battle was turned and the success made complete to our arms. My loss was 2 wounded, which will be shown in the recapitulation of casualties.

At 6 o'clock p.m. on Saturday, the 28th ultimo, was ordered to have everything packed and in readiness to move at a moment's notice. At 8.30 o'clock p.m. I reported in person to General Sedgwick for orders by order of Lieutenant Church Howe. Was ordered by General Sedgwick to proceed immediately and as rapidly as possible to Savage Station and report there to General Marcy, chief of staff. I left camp precisely at 9 o'clock, and proceeding by way of the railroad, reported to General Marcy at 10.30 o'clock. By his orders bivouacked my regiment near station until morning, there to await further orders. By orders of General Williams my regiment was ordered at 9 o'clock a.m. to report immediately at the station, for the purpose of destroying ammunition and stores collected there. Such was the quantity and weight of material to be destroyed, that the utmost exertions of my entire force were required to accomplish the desired end before the arrival of the division to the general of which I was ordered to report. At 4.30 o'clock p.m. was ordered to form in line of battle on the hill as reserve, the enemy having appeared in front and opened on us with artillery. The engagement becoming general, was ordered by General Sumner to advance to the front at double-quick.

With cheers the men advanced, and with an unbroken line soon reached the woods, there to relieve the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, then somewhat disordered, and occupy a position to the right and rear of the Eighty-second New York Volunteers and to the left of the Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers. This position I was ordered to hold, throwing out my pickets 300 yards to the front. About 9 o'clock p.m. was ordered to withdraw quietly, leaving my pickets, and report to Colonel Sully, commanding brigade, near my original position. When advancing to the front the men, by order of General Sumner, threw knapsacks and blankets off, and were not allowed to recover them on their return, by order of Colonel Sully. In this engagement my loss was 3 wounded, which will be shown in the recapitulation of casualties.

On Monday, 30th ultimo, at 2.30 o'clock p.m., was ordered to form my regiment in the open field in front of headquarters at Nelson's Farm, heavy firing of artillery having opened on the right. After remaining about half an hour in this position was ordered to move to the right and report to General Dana. After proceeding half a mile in this direction was ordered to form my regiment in the field near the road. At this time Colonel Suiter took command of the brigade. At about 4 o'clock p.m. was ordered to the left of General Richardson's line of battle, forming a right angle with his line, in order to protect his left flank. At about 5 o'clock p.m. was ordered to return to my original position, a severe engagement having opened at that point. On the road I received orders direct from General Sedgwick, through Lieutenant Church Howe, to use the most speed in reaching the field, as more troops

