
reaching Cold Harbor the Seventh North Carolina Troops and my regiment were ordered into the words to the left of the road leading to the battle-field. The Seventh preceded us, and when I was about to form my regiment on its left a sharp fire, both of shell and infantry, was opened upon us, causing one of the wings of the Seventh to give way. On asking the cause of this, I was informed by some of the company officers of the Seventh, whose names I do not know, that Colonel Campbell had ordered them to fall back, and as there was a large pond of water in my rear, I led my regiment out of the woods by the left flank, when I met you and was ordered back. I then marched up the road and wheeled my entire regiment into the same piece of woods. Colonel Lee followed with his regiment, which he intended posting to my right, but the enemy opened upon him just as he was about to turn the angle of the road and his right was thrown into confusion. This caused Companies D, A, and I, of the right wing, and Company H, to the left of the colors in my regiment, to give way. Company D promptly reformed and came into line; the other three companies, I am told, reformed and attached themselves for the remainder of the day to other regiments. They were not with me. Colonel Campbell's regiment, seven of my companies, Lieutenant Webb, of Company H, and a few rank and file from the three missing companies, engaged the enemy in the woods and were exposed to a hot fire, when fresh troops came up and relieved us temporarily. Major James Barbour, General Elzey's assistant adjutant-general, approached me soon afterward and requested me to take my command to the support of a portion of his forces, which had advanced into the open field in front of the woods. My command advanced most gallantly though the woods and into the open field, although exposed to a front and right enfilade infantry fire, and bravely remained there until General George B. Anderson's brigade debouched from the woods to our left and charged across the field. I ordered my men to cease firing when this brigade was nearly in front of us, and, forming on the right, assisted them in clearing the field of the enemy. At the advice of General Anderson, my men now being very much fatigued, I remained with a portion of his brigade in a somewhat sheltered position until night-fall, when I rejoined you.

Our loss in this engagement was 13 killed and 78 wounded.

Sunday evening we recrossed the Chickahominy, and on Monday evening [the 30th] were among the first to engage the enemy; the whole brigade advanced, driving the foe before us, notwithstanding the character of the ground. My regiment, in its advance, had to pass through two skirts of woods containing swampy ground, and an intermediate open field, in which there was a dwelling surrounded by a yard and garden; all of which, I am told, had been converted into a temporary breastwork by the enemy. All of my men behaved well in this action, notwithstanding they were exposed to a murderous fire of shell, grape, and small-arms. I did not remain with my regiment until the close of the fight, as a flesh-wound in the right cheek forced me to leave the field.

Our loss was 6 killed and 50 wounded.

We were not actively engaged in the Tuesday's fight, though we were ordered out late in the evening, and were exposed to a terrific shelling, first in the open field in front of the enemy's guns and then to the left in a small piece of woods. Fortunately we had only 1 man wounded and none killed.

With only 1 field officer, 3 captains, but few lieutenants, and our

