
ranks greatly reduced by sickness, caused by the hardships we had to undergo in our retreat from Hanover Court-House, we had to contend with the enemy in the recent terrible engagements before Richmond under many disadvantages, but our loss-150 killed and wounded out of an effective force of 480, including the ambulance corps, about onethird-will show how nobly the Twenty-eighth behaved in this great struggle for independence.

I would respectfully call to your attention Captain T. James Linebarger, of Company C; Captain D. A. Parker, of Company D; also First Lieutenant N. Clark, of Company E; First Lieutenant E. G. Morrow, of Company G; First Lieutenant W. W. Cloninger, of Company B; Second Lieutenant J. W. Randle, of Company D; Second Lieutenant George W. McCauley, of Company G; Second Lieutenant Robert D. Rhyne, of Company B, as all of these officers behaved with great gallantry and bravery. Sergt. Major Milton A. Lowe, on the battle-field of the 27th and 30th, more than once proved himself a brave and fearless young defender of Southern rights, and has won the admiration of all who saw him. Color-bearer J. P. Little, of Company C, was wounded on the 27th, but was at his post again in a short time.

Respectfully,

JAMES H. LANE,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-eighth Regiment North Carolina Vols.

Brigadier General L. O'B. BRANCH,

Commanding Fourth Brigade, Light Division.

No. 345. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert F. Hoke,

Thirty-third North Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, Frazier's Farm [Nelson's Farm, or Glendale], and Malvern Hill.

HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD Regiment NORTH CAROLINA TROOPS, July 12, 1862.

DREAM GENERAL: On June 25 you called the commanding officers of your brigade together and informed us of the intended [plan] and manner of attack upon the enemy, who were on the north side of the Chickahominy, and at the same time ordered me to have my command ready to move at 5 p.m., with three days' rations. I, having five companies on picket at the Crenshaw Bridge, was ordered to take command at that point, while the other five companies, under Major Cowan, would march with the brigade and cross the river at the telegraphic bridge, and move down the river in order to drive the enemy from their position. My orders were that I should cross the river with the five companies as soon as I heard firing and make an attack in the rear of the enemy.

About 12 o'clock on the 26th I heard sharp skirmishing, and drew in my pickets in order to cross, and while doing so could see that the enemy were in full retreat. While crossing the river I received a dispatch from your ordering me to join the command, and from that point we marched to Mechanicsville, and reached that place under a most terrific fire of shot and shell. About 10 p.m. the firing ceased and we were ordered to lie in our position upon our arms.

