
supporting line, did not advance as an organized body. With a few of my command, however [mostly Georgians, who, not having been engaged in the first charge, were fresher than the rest], and some soldiers of other brigades, I continued on from a quarter to half a mile farther under a heavy artillery fire from batteries which were taken by Hood's brigade, while under the eminence on which they were posted I was forming for attack the few men, not more than 100, remaining with me. I remained on the field during the night, and the next morning was spent in burying the dead and attending the wounded.

My loss in this action was 49 killed and 271 wounded, making the total loss in the two battles 542, besides Corporal Trezevant, of the Hampton Legion, in command of my couriers, killed, and James L. Crittenden, volunteer aide, wounded. All the field officers of the Nineteenth Georgia, First and Seventh Tennessee Regiments, and the two senior captains successively in command of the Fifth Alabama Battalion were killed or wounded.

I regret that the short period of my service with the brigade and want of personal acquaintance with the officers and soldiers render it impossible for me to name many whose distinguished gallantry I noticed on the field. I have, therefore, to refer you to the accompanying reports of the regimental commanders. I would not, however, fail to remember the intrepidity of Lieutenant-Colonel Shackelford, who was killed while most gallantly discharging his duty, and of J. W. Williams, sergeant-major of the Nineteenth Georgia. Mr. George Lemmon, my volunteer aide and acting adjutant, and James L. Crittenden, volunteer aide, rendered throughout the most gallant and efficient service, both the regular officers of my staff being absent sick.

The couriers of the cavalry of Hampton's Legion, attached to my staff, rendered fearless and valuable service.

Captain Carter M. Braxton, with his Fredericksburg Battery, seconded by Lieutenant Marye, rendered efficient service in both actions, and displayed remarkable skill and gallantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. ARCHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 348. Report of Brigadier General William D. Pender,

C. S. Army, commanding Sixth Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm [Nelson's Farm, or Glendale].

RICHMOND, VA., July 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, as a part of the Light Division of the Army, I left my camp near Friend's house, on the Chickahominy, Wednesday afternoon, June 25, with my brigade, and marched to a point near the crossing of the Chickahominy, on the Meadow Bridge road, where I joined the division.

Upon resuming the march next day my brigade was placed fifth in order, so that after crossing late in the afternoon I was ordered to cross the field direct for Mechanicsville to meet the brigades in front that were making the march by the road. Soon after leaving the Meadow Bridge road one or two pieces of artillery were opened upon us from a wood directly above Mechanicsville. I at once deployed into line

