
No. 112.-Brigadier General George W. Morell, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 113.-Colonel Hiram Berdan, First U. S. Sharpshooters, of the battles of Gaines' Mill, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 114.-Captain George G. Hastings, First U. S. Sharpshooters, of operations June 29-July 1.

Numbers 115.-Captain William B. Weeden, Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of operations May 24-July 2, including the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 116.-Captain Augustus P. Martin, Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 117.-Lieutenant John B. Hyde, Battery E, Massachusetts Light Artillery, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 118.-Lieutenant Henry W. Kingsbury, Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of the battles of Gaines' Mill and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 119.-Brigadier General John H. Martindale, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 120.-Colonel Charles W. Roberts, Second Maine Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 121.-Colonel James Barnes, Eighteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of Stoneman's operations, including destruction of stores at White House Landing.

Numbers 122.-Major William S. Tilton, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 123.-Captain Walter S. Sampson, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Malvern Hill.

Numbers 124.-Colonel Horace S. Roberts, First Michigan Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 125.-Major Francis A. Schoeffel, Thirteenth New York Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

No. 126.-Captain Shepard Gleason, Twenty-fifth New York Infantry, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 127.-Brigadier General Charles Griffin U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mills, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 128.-Brigadier General Butterfield U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of the battles of Mechanicsville and Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 129.-Colonel T. B. W. Stockton, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill.

Numbers 130.-Lieutenant Colonel John V. Ruehle, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 131.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert M. Richardson, Twelfth New York Infantry, of the battle of Gaines' Mill, engagement at Malvern Cliff, and battle of Malvern Hill.

Numbers 132.-Colonel Henry S. Lansing, Seventeenth New York Infantry, of Stoneman's operations, including destruction of stores at White House Landing.

Numbers 133.-Lieutenant Colonel Nelson B. Bartram, Seventeenth New York Infantry, of Stoneman's operations, including destruction of stores at White House Landing.

Numbers 134.-Major William T. C. Growe, Seventeenth New York Infantry, of operations June 28.

