
were greatly needed at this critical moment. Almost exhausted by fatigue and heat, my men, unable to move rapidly, still came in in good order, and forming in the field advanced, by order of General Sumner, to the front.

After advancing some 300 yards was ordered by General Burns to move by the right flank to the rear and support of Colonel Baxter. The firing becoming very heavy on the extreme left, was ordered by General Burns to proceed to the left of the First Minnesota Volunteers and then move forward to that point where the fire was the hottest. On reaching the front I relieved the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, whose ammunition had become exhausted. Before my arrival the fire had slackened and soon ceasing altogether was not renewed at that point. I remained in this position until 12 o'clock, when being ordered to withdraw quietly, did so, taking in my pickets. The loss to my regiment during this engagement was 6 wounded, which will be shown in the recapitulation of casualties.

On Thursday, July 1, at 11 o'clock, the enemy having appeared in force, I was ordered to form in line of battle on the hill at Malverton as a reserve to the First Minnesota and Eighty-second New York Volunteers. When in this position received a severe fire from the enemy's artillery, and was soon ordered out of range and under cover of the woods. Remained in this position until 1 o'clock a.m. July 2, and was then ordered to withdraw quietly, taking in my pickets.

Of the conduct of my command during the five days of labor and fatigue I have but to say that they all, officers and men, evinced a disposition to perform the arduous duties assigned them to the utmost of their ability and strength, and although not at any time under severe fire, advanced ordered upon points of apparent danger with that same spirit and determination which they have ever shown in former engagements.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient

[JOHN W. KIMBALL,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifteenth Massachusetts Infantry.]

Captain HEBARD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 30. Report of Brigadier General William W. Burns,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Peach Orchard, or Allen's Farm, and battles of Savage Station, Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS BURNS' BRIGADE, Camp at Harrison's Landing, July 5, 1862.

On Sunday, June 29, I was directed to draw my brigade from the breastworks to join the division, and march to Orchard Station, which was done in the face of the enemy under favor of a fog. On reaching Orchard Station the corps was formed in line of battle, facing to the rear. Soon after I received an order to send a regiment back to reoccupy our former lines as advanced pickets. I sent the Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers (California), Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Jones. When Colonel Jones' pickets reached the wood where the battle ended on the 31st of May he captured 12 prisoners, the advance of the enemy's pickets.

