
My aide, Lieutenant Young, had two horses shot under him in this engagement, and then took the colors of one of the regiments, leading it promptly and well to the front. Lieutenant-Colonels McElroy and Gray-the latter assisted by Major Cole-displayed their usual boldness in leading their regiments to the front.
The Thirty-eighty North Carolina here, as on Thursday, behaved well. I would mention that the Thirty-fourth North Carolina on Friday behaved with great credit under a heavy and murderous cross-fire, and here let me mention that Lieutenant Shotwell, Thirty-fourth North Carolina, cannot be spoken off too highly for his gallant conduct; for he was not satisfied to take the colors, [but] seized the color-bearer and rushed him to the front, thus encouraging the regiment to move forward at a very critical moment. There are numerous instances of noble conduct by members of my command, but space would fail to mention all, and I will leave the result of their efforts to show how most of them did.

I am forced to say that we had too many cases of shameful and disgraceful desertions of their colors.

Here I would mention the loss on Thursday of a most competent and gallant officer, Major W. N. Bronaugh, of the Second Arkansas Battalion. With his death ceased the battalion, as far as was concerned its usefulness on the field.

My total loss in killed and wounded was about 800. The brigade left camp on the evening of the 25th with between 2,300 and 2,400, including Andrews' battery, thus showing a loss of one-third of my entire command.

Andrew's battery behaved on all occasions with conspicuous coolness and bravery. Their loss was, however, slight.

The service has lost for a time, if not permanently, and invaluable and accomplished officer in Colonel James Conner, Twenty-second North Carolina. Colonels Hoke and Riddick-the former wounded on Thursday, the latter on Friday-were great losses to me.

In conclusion, I would mention Mr. Goldman, and independent, with the Thirty-eight North Carolina, who acted with the most conspicuous bravery and courage, also great capacity, He should be rewarded. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. PENDER,

Brigadier-General Sixth Brigade, Light Division.

Major General A. P. HILL,

Commanding Light Division.

Numbers 349. Report of Captain William G. Crenshaw,

Virginia Battery, of operations June 25-July 1, including the battle of Gaines' Mill.
HEADQUARTERS CRENSHAW BATTERY,Near Richmond, Va., July 14, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders of 10th instant i beg leave respectfully to submit the following report:

Soon after receiving your orders, while in camp at Dr. Fiend's house, Wednesday, June 25, to cook two day's rations and prepare to march that evening, the enemy opened fire upon us from the earth

