
works he had just thrown up near Hogan's house, on the opposite side of the Chickahominy. This fire was kept up very constantly during the day, and resulted only in the killing of 2 of my horses.

In accordance with your orders, the fire was not returned by me.

Soon after we started on the march; bivouacked near the brook about 3 o'clock at night; rested nearly all of Thursday in the road, and in the afternoon crossed the Chickahominy at the Meadow Bridge in the rear of your brigade.

In accordance with your orders i halted the battery under shelter of the hill about half a mile this side of Mechanicsville, where we remained until next morning, receiving the shell of the enemy, but without taking any part in the fight. This shelling resulted in no loss to us.

On Friday morning, June 27, we started down the Chickahominy in rear of your brigade, and my battery was the first to cross the bridge at Gaine's Mill, which was effected about 1 p. m.

Soon after crossing, in accordance with your orders, we went into battery near New Cold Harbor house and commenced firing at the enemy's infantry, who were drawn up in line of battle across the hill above us. They were soon scattered and driven out of our sight, and we were opened upon by three batteries of the enemy on the same hill, who fired very rapidly, and against whom we then directed our fire. Unfortunately for us our position was such that we could not maneuver our battery 10 yards to the right or left, the opening in the woods through which we had to fire being very narrow. We continued under the incessant fire of the enemy's batteries for nearly two hours, ceasing our own fire more than once when the charge on the enemy's batteries was ordered to be made by our infantry.

During this engagement I received your message to maneuver the battery or remove it from under fire at my discretion. Finding that no infantry of the enemy were in sight, and that we had been so long under fire of their several batteries that they had been able to get our range very accurately and that we were being damaged by them, having lost in killed and seriously wounded 5 men and 11 horses, I, in the exercise of the discretion you gave me, withdrew my battery some 200 yards from the field. After resting about three-quarters of an hour, and finding the enemy's infantry had formed on the hill above us again, we returned with the battery its original position, soon scattered them, and then continued firing upon their batteries. While firing upon the infantry upon the infantry on the hill to our left it was suggested that they might be friends, and we ceased firing upon them a few moments until, with your assistance, we could examine them minutely with our glasses. You being satisfied that they were not fiends, we, by your order, opened upon them again, when they soon disappeared from our view. We continued in this second engagement about an hour, when, two of our brass pieces becoming disabled by the breaking of the axles and the other two brass pieces too hot to fire with safety, your ordered us to retire to make room for Captain Johnson, who had been ordered up to relieve us.

We had lost in it 4 men killed and seriously wounded and 11 horses, but succeeded in taking off the two disabled pieces by hand and the others by dismounting our chiefs hitching three horses to most of the pieces.

In accordance with your orders the battery was then taken to the rear, and Lieutenant C. L. Hobson started at 12 o'clock that night to Richmond

