
with the disabled carriages for repairs and a wagon for ammunition and men to bring out more horses.

The next morning, Saturday, June 28, what ammunition we had left, consisting almost entirely of solid shot, canister, and long-range riffle shell, was placed in the chests of three pieces which we carried upon the battle-field of the previous day. Soon after we arrived there we received orders from Major-General Hill to return with my battery to Richmond, there to refit and remain for orders. Upon my informing you of these orders, you authorized me to rejoin you as soon as I had fitted up, and that your would take the responsibility of my doing so without orders.

I accordingly returned to Richmond Saturday afternoon and remained there until the Thursday morning following, having succeeded in getting a temporary detail to my company of 30 men. With these battle-field of the Tuesday previous; remained with you until the return of the division to its present position near the city without being in any other engagement. We fired between 700 and 800 shots, with what loss to the enemy I do not know.

I thus sum up my loss: Nine men killed and seriously wounded, per list annexed, besides several others slightly wounded, and 24 horses killed and seriously wounded, including the 2 killed on June 25.

I went into the engagement with 94 men and 4 officers. None of my men left their guns while they were in battery. Only two who were in the first engagement failed to be present in the second, and both of those sent me certificates of physicians that each had a foot so badly mashed as to unfit them for duty. Therefore, when all behaved so well I cannot draw any distinction, and shall always be contented if in the future all do their duty as well as they did on June 27, which was the future all do their duty as well as they did on June 27, which was the first regular engagement the men were ever in.

List of killed and wounded.*

Killed. Wounded. Total.

Officers...............	 ...........	 ...........	 ...........

Non-commissioned	 1	 1	 2

officers...............

Privates...............	 2	 5	 7

Total	 3	 6	 9

Respectfully submitted, by your obedient servant,

WM. G. CRENSHAW,

Captain, Commanding Crenshaw Battery.

P. S. -We were fortunate enough to get all of our wounded into the city during the evening and night.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

