
Numbers 350. Report of Captain L. Master's,

commanding battery, of operations June 26- July 1, including the battle of Mechanicsville.

JULY 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the battery of rifled of rifled guns under my command from the 26th [ultimo] to the 1st [instant]:

Shortly before the action at Mechanicsville began the enemy withdrew from their works in front of me. In the progress of the action I saw that while the guns were useless if kept in the works built for them, if removed a few hundred yards to the hundred yards to the right they could be used with effect against the heavy battery of the enemy near Beaver Dam Creek. I procured horses from Major Richardson and moved the gun, but when near the position I had selected General Longstreet ordered me to carry it about 1 1/4 miles farther to the right, and be ready to open the next morning on an important position of the enemy which he intended to attack. This gun was placed in the position directed by him, and i open[ed] a rapid fire of 30-pound shells (and, as I hear from an officer who was taken prisoner, with effect,) which was continued until ordered by General Lee to cease, to enable the troops to charge over the ground I had been shelling.

I had no further opportunity of participating in the battles before Richmond, although by the orders of general Pendleton I was with one of the guns near Garnett's farm and both of them near the battle-ground of the 1st.

The officers and men behaved well, laboring patiently and cheerfully to get the guns into the several positions to which I was ordered, especially Captains Milledge and Ancell, who accompanied me with detachments of men and horses from their companies.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. MASTERS,

Captain, Provisional Army, C. S., Commanding Battery.

Captain MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Division.

Numbers 351. eport of Actg. Adjt. Thomas Smith,

Twenty-second Virginia Battalion, of the battles of Mechanicsville, Gaines' Mill, and Frazier's Farm (Nelson's Farm, or Glendale).
HDQRS. [TWENTY-SECOND?] VIRGINIA BATTALION,July 13, 1862.

SIR: Subjoined you will find a report of the part taken by the Virginia Battalion in the late engagements before Richmond:

This battalion, under command of Captain J. C. Johnson, left camp on the Meadow Bridge road on the evening of June 26, and after crossing the Chickahominy marched in the direction of Mechanicsville, where, a portion of the brigade being engaged, the battalion, though not brought into action, was held under fire from the enemy's batteries for several hours, and, in consideration of the fact that the men had

