
never before been under fire, they acted coolly. Our loss on this day, June 26, consisted of 2 killed and 11 wounded.

On Friday, June 27, we marched from Mechanicsville to Cold harbor, where the enemy again made a stand. Here we were engaged for several hours, opposed to, perhaps, the strongest position of the enemy's lines. Here we lost 8 killed and 20 wounded.

From this time we remained on the battle-field until Sunday, the 29th, when we recrossed the chickahominy at New Bridge and followed the enemy until he made a third stand, on the evening of June 30.

Here the battalion was again engaged, and lost in killed 2 and wounded 24: among killed one of our best officers, Lieutenant R. A. Jackson, commander of company D.

Tuesday, July 1 we were held in reserve, and though led to the field, our services were not necessary, and we were not engaged.

After Tuesday, the 1st instant, we marched with the army as far as Crenshaw's farm, on New Market road, and after remaining there several days resumed the march on the 8th instant, and arrived at our present encampment, Farrar's farm, on Wednesday, the 9th.

The battalion probably acted as well as might have been expected, being without a battle-flag during all the engagement.

Total loss in killed and wounded, 67; 1 missing, supposed to be killed or captured.

Respectfully submitted.

THOMAS SMITH,

Acting Adjutant.

Captain G. F. HARRISON.

Numbers 352. Report of Major General Theophilus H. Holmes,

C. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina, of operations June 30-July 2, including the engagement at Malvern Cliff (Turkey Bridge).

PETERSBURG, VA., July 15, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of that part of my command which participated in the campaign of last days of June and first days of July, before Richmond:

In the afternoon of Sunday, June 29, in pursuance of orders from the War Department, I moved three regiments of Colonel Junius Daniel's brigade, 1,570 strong, with two light, batteries, across James River by the pontoon bridge. Three companies of cavalry, numbering 130 men, under Major E. Burroughs, accompanied this force.

The same evening Brigadier General J. G. Walker joined me with his brigade of 3,600 effective men and two batteries, which had crossed the river on Thursday, June 26, and was now again placed under my command.

The division bivouacked that night upon Corneliu's Creek, and moved on Monday morning, agreeably to the orders of the commanding general, upon New Market. Reaching that place at 10 a. m., I immediately placed my troops in a position of great natural strength, covering the junction of the Long Bridge and River roads, which was

