
three distinct fires-from the gunboats in the river, from a battery in front, which Colonel Deshler, chief of ordnance, thinks had some twenty-five or thirty guns, and from a battery that I afterward understood was firing on General longstreet's command. The road, being worn away with use, presented the best cover from the enemy's fire. I there-fore directed the men to sit down in the road for protection.

During the stampede of the cavalry and artillery I received an order from General Holmes to send him an infantry regiment. I immediately ordered my regiment to proceed to the point designated, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Morehead. This regiment moved off in good order, but was stopped by the rout of the artillery, which almost completely blocked up the road. It was at this time under a terrible fire, and from the confusion of the artillery and from fear of being run over by it, it left the road in some disorder. Seeing this, I proceeded, there by in, it left the road in some disorder. Seeing this, I proceeded there and rallied it in a few moments, and it then marched off in good order to report to the general commanding. It lost 2 killed and 14 wounded. In addition to this there were several others seriously hurt by being run over by the cavalry and artillery.

During this stampede of the cavalry and artillery the Forty-third and Fifteenth Regiments both became slightly confused, but were soon rallied, and remained steady the balance of the evening. In the Forty-third there was 1 wounded and in the Fifteenth there were 7 wounded. these three regiments were all new, and under the circumstances behaved well.

My staff officers-Major Edmundson, Captain Badger, and Lieutenants Hammond and Bond-behaved with coolness and bravery, and were great assistance to me.

In addition to this list of casualties please add the number of casualties in Brem's battery.

About 10 o'clock on the night of the 30th ultimo we marched to the rear about 1 1/4 miles, by order of the major-general commanding, to find water and a camping ground.

The following evening we took a position in line of battle near the position occupied the previous evening, and remained in line of battle all night and until 9 or 10 o'clock the next morning, when we marched some three-quarters of a mile to the rear, by order of the major-general commanding, for water and a camping ground.

That evening about 6 o'clock we received orders to march immediately to Drewry's Bluff. I took up the march immediately, recrossed the river at the pontoon bridge early in the morning, and reached Drewry's Bluff about 8.30 a. m.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUNIUS DANIEL,

Colonel Forty-fifth N. C. Troops, Commanding Third Brigade.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON, A. A. G., Dept. of North Carolina.

Numbers 356. Report of Colonel Van H. Manning,

Third Arkansas Infantry, of operations June 26-July 2, including engagement at Malvern Cliff (Turkey Bridge).
HDQRS. FOURTH Brigadier, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,Camp Lee, Va., July 16, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the

