
List of killed and wounded of the Fourth brigade in action Monday evening, June 30, 1862:

Third Arkansas Regiment, 1 wounded slightly: Second georgia Battalion, none; Twenty-Seventh North Carolina Troops, 6 wounded; Forty-sixth North Carolina Troops, none; Forty-eighth North Carolina Troops, none; Thirtieth Virginia Regiment, 5 wounded, 1 since died; Branch's battery, 1 wounded slightly; French's battery, 7 wounded, 3 severely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

VAN H. MANNING,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON, Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

Numbers 357. Report of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise,

C. S. Army, commanding brigade (acting with Holmes' command, Department of North Carolina), of operations June 30-July 1.
HEADQUARTERS OF BRIGADE,Chaffin's Farm, Va., July 16, 1862.

MAJOR: In compliance with the request of Major-General Holmes I send you the following report:

The morning of June 30 last my aide, Lieutenant J. J. Wise, brought me a verbal message from General Holmes that he was advancing to meet the enemy, and inquiring whether I could join him, as his forces were few and fatigued. i then had three regiments of infantry (the Fourth, Twenty-sixth, and Forty-sixth Virginia Volunteers) and four batteries of light artillery, under strict orders to guard and support the heavy batteries at Chaffin's Bluff. General Holmes, in the message delivered to me, disclaimed giving me orders, but suggested rather that he needed re-enforcements, and inquired whether I could aid him. I immediately assumed the responsibility of ordering to his command the Twenty-sixth (Colonel P. R. Page) and the Forty-sixth (Colonel R. T. W. Duke), and Andrews' and Rives' batteries, under Major. A. W. Stark, leaving of these only small camp guards, and the Fourth Regiment and French's and Armistead's batteries to guard the bluff.

On June 30 the Twenty-sixth Regiment, by morning report, had 31 officers, 70 non-commissioned officers, and 354 privates; the Forty-sixth had 31 officers, 64 non-commissioned officers, and 306 privates. Deduct 1 non-commissioned officer and 20 privates of each for guard, and the total of infantry was 62 officers, 132 non-commissioned officers, and 620 privates-aggregate infantry, 814.

The artillery corps had Company A (Captain Andrews), 4 pieces, 4 officers, 9 non-commissioned officers, 63 privates; Company C (Captain Rivers), 4 pieces, 2 officers, 7 non-commissioned officers, and 62 privates; total, 6 officers, 16 non-commissioned officers, and 125 privates-making in all, infantry and artillery, the aggregate of 961 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates.

I commanded these in person, and was attended by my official aide and two volunteers, Lieutenant J. J. Wise, Captain George D. Wise (who acted as volunteer aide of General Homes), and Lieutenant Barksdale Warwick. As early as possible after General Holmes passed with his forces i followed, and reported to him at the Dill house, near New Market. There finding President Davis, I submitted my action in going Gen-

