
eral Holmes to him without orders, and he approving, I took orders from General Holmes. He posted me in position on the extreme right of the high grounds near New Market; Rives' battery on the left was supported by the Forty-sixth; Andrews' on the right by the Twenty-sixth. In this position we remained until ordered to advance in the evening of the 30th. I was ordered to follow the brigade of Colonel Daniel, and brought p the rear, which threw me on the extreme right, on the river road, leading past Malvern Hill and over Turkey Creek Bridge. When I arrived in position on the narrow road i found it obstructed by Burroughs' cavalry, and ordered it out of the way of my infantry, so that I might join my line to that of Colonel daniel's infantry. The Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment, I am informed, of Colonel Daniel's command, was in juxtaposition to my Twenty-sixth Regiment. Major Burroughs moved his cavalry in advance of my position and in the rear of the Forty-fifth North Carolina Regiment. There was a corps of cavalry (Baker's, I am told) in advance of that of Burroughs'.

The enemy commenced heavy shelling of the road and of the open fields on its right and left. i a few moments the cavalry (said to be Baker's) wheeled into the field on the left, rode irregularly around that field, and in a short time came rapidly past the infantry in the road, and in a few minutes more artillery horses, loose, and then a caisson, and then guns (said to be Branch's battery), came stampeding in wild confusion by and through my line, and these were followed in confusion by the regiment next to the Twenty-sixth, of my brigade (said to be the North Carolina Forty-fifth). It was with difficulty my men could avoid serious damage by this wild rout of cavalry, artillery, and infantry; but I am proud to say that both of my regiments and my artillery maintained their posts firmly, without a man's moving until they were ordered.

This position was on the road where the river joins the Quaker road west of a branch of Turkey Creek, with a wood and that branch between it and Malvern Hill, distant from the hill about 600 yards, with the woods and creek intervening. Late in the evening I was ordered back to take position where the river joins the Long Brigade road, and there my forces bivouacked for the night of the 30th.

On the morning of July 1 I was ordered again to take position, as at first, on the right of the high grounds of New Market. And again, later in the day, I was ordered to lead the front, advancing upon the enemy down the River road. I was halted in the road in front of Curle's Neck, with a woods on the left, and deployed to the left and aligned in the woods. There my artillery was posted, north of the open field, where the Quaker meets the River road. Late evening I was ordered to advance with my infantry, to mount the fence, and pass the field in double-quick. When I came to the field I was again halted, and my men fell back into the edge of the woods to avoid the shells of the gunboats. In a short time I was ordered to move, and passed the field until I came up to the fence dividing it from the Quaker road. This brought my forces to within about 450 or 500 yards of the enemy's batteries, the woods and swamp and creek intervening, and it being quite dark. Before this advance across the field the heavy volleys of musketry opened on the left at about 6 p. m. and continued until about 9 p. m. While halted at the Quaker road the cheers of the combatants were heard. At about 9 or 9.30 p. m. I was ordered to fall back to the other side of the open field. I was commanded by Major-General Homes in person, and bivouacked with him in that field the night of July 1.

