
and Seventh Michigan coming up, I held them in reserve, looking to the flanks. Colonel Owen, of the Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, was led to the left of the Minnesota by my aide, and still farther to the left General Brooks' brigade was thrown by General Sumner, on learning the enemy was moving in large force in that direction. The fight closed, however, with the fire of the Eighty-eighth New York, Eighty-second New York, and Fifteenth Massachusetts. Prisoners reported four brigade of the enemy. Generals Cobb and Kershaw came down the Nine-mile road, General Toombs and another down the Williamsburg road.

My loss in killed and wounded cannot well be had, as regiments of different brigades will make their reports to their own brigade commanders. Our men showed their superiority, and the victory can fairly be claimed by us. He was the attacking party, and was not only checked, but repulsed and driven from the ground.

The battle ceased at 7 o'clock. About 11 o'clock I received orders from General Sumner to withdraw my brigade and march to White Oak Brigade. On Monday, about 8 o'clock, we were again put in march for Malverton. When arriving at Glendale we wee halted to allow the train to pass us. About 11 o'clock the enemy attacked the troops of General Franklin at the bridge. General Sumner sent two of General Sedgwick's brigades back to his support, leaving but mine at Glendale. About 3.30 o'clock an attack was made on General McCall's division in front of Nelson's house. Soon his left gave way and broke toward us in confusion. General Sumner made the disposition of my brigade, placing Colonel Baxter on the right, Colonel Owen in center, and Colonel Morehead left, the Seventy-first Pennsylvania, Colonel Jones, in rear of Kirby's battery, in support. At the request of General Hooker, General Sumner forwarded Colonel Owen to the right of Hooker's first line and sent Colonel Morehead in reserve of General Hooker's right. I was then directed to lead Baxter to the wood on the right of the field, through which McCall's left retreated, as the enemy seemed to be moving that way to rid themselves of the terrible fire of Kirby's battery, which swept this field. Soon after General Dana's brigade came back from the bridge and went forward, filling the space between Colonel Owen's right and Colonel Baxter's left.

Another heavy attack broke McCall's center and sent the fugitives shamefully through our ranks. Our line was advanced, and Colonel Owen, Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, unsupported, pursued the victorious rebels back over the ground through which they were passing and crowned the crest of the hill where McCall had lost his artillery. Gallant Sixty-ninth! The line followed this noble example, and McCall's position was held and the enemy discomfited. By direction of General Sedgwick I placed the Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers and Nineteenth Massachusetts in support of the first line, in connection with Baxter's Seventy-second, Colonel Hudson's Eighty-second New York, Colonel Suiter's Thirty-fourth New York. While perfecting this line another attack was made on the left center, and I found that the Seventh Michigan and Forty-second New York had broken from the front line, the enemy rapidly advancing through the gap. I threw the Seventy-first Pennsylvania, Colonel Jones, and Nineteenth Massachusetts, Colonel Hinks, into the breach, and nobly did they redeem the faults of their comrades. These two noble regiments met the enemy face to face, and for nearly one hour poured into them such tremendous volleys that no further attack had at that vital point.

