
ninth New York Volunteers, and two privates went and captured him. He belonged to the Fourth Georgia Regiment. From hi I learned that Toombs' brigade and some cavalry had moved down Charles City road through the lower White Oak Swamp and Joined Jackson in his attack on Sumner's Corps. The sick and wounded, of whom many hundred filled the station house and the adjoining farms, confirmed the report, and stated that the last of our troops had left about sundown, pursued by the enemy.

The firing in front had ceased and a large body of the enemy's infantry was now seen approaching on the railroad. Accordingly I as sembled 8 or 10 stragglers and convalescents, formed them, and retreated across the Chickahominy, covering front and rear with skirmishers. I hoped to reach and Charles City by way of James River. Striking the same road by which i had come the previous evening, and which was then free from, the enemy, i marched about 5 miles until at a cross-road I met a squad of the enemy's cavalry. With Privates Joseph Cathcart and Owen Dougherty, Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, and one of the convalescents, whose name I am sorry not to know, I went forward to attack them and drove them back, while Corporal Young and the other 4 men of my escort prevented the stragglers and convalescents, who declined to fight, from running away. We succeeded in gaining the woods and marched 2 miles farther, when just as we were emerging in an open space, two companies of cavalry fell upon us from all sides, riding us down. I had previously directed the men of the Ninety-ninth, in case of an attack by overwhelming numbers, to disperse and to make each separately his way to Captain Lee, to advise him of what had happened. Five men succeeded. Corporal Young and Private Casey were taken with me prisoners. In the flutter that succeeded the attack, I managed, as directed, to destroy the papers by eating them up unobserved.

I was sorry to learn afterward that of the 5 who succeeded in escaping 4 were taken the next day. The fifth, Joseph Cathcart, refused to surrender, killed the captain of the enemy's cavalry, and was shot dead. I recommend respectfully that this man's family, which is poor, may have the benefit of such a pension as the law allows.

I was taken to Richmond and confined, with about 130 of our officers, in the Tobacco Warehouse until August 15, when we were all sent to Aiken's Landing, and returned to this place in a flag of truce.

With great regret I learn that Corporal Young and Private J. Casey, Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers, are still prisoners of war in Richmond. Their fate concerns me greatly, and I feel sure that you will effect their release if it is in your power to do so.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. HEINE,

Captain, Volunteer Topographical Engineer.

Major-General DIX, Commanding Corps d'Armee.

JULY 3, 1862. -Reconnaissance from Harrison's Landing, on the Charles City Road.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,July 3, 1862-12.30 p. m.

Captain Reno has just returned from a reconnaissance on the Charles

