
City road. He went about 1 1/4 miles from the mill, near General Keys's headquarters, where he found the enemy. They had two guns in position on the right of the road, and were firing across the creek in the direction of Kearny's camp. This battery was supported by a force of cavalry and infantry. He could not see many men, and thinks the force was a small one. Some of the shells went over the woods and fell in this field several hundred yards beyond the road. Captain Reno's party was near their cavalry. He thinks they had but one squadron.

Very respectfully,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General McCLLELAN, Commanding.

JULY 3-4, 1862.-Skirmishes near Herring Creek.

Report of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL KIMBALL, S BRIGADE,Smith's Division, Sixth Provisional Army Corps, July 15, 1862.

I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from General Keyes. I moved my brigade on the morning of the 3rd instant across Herron [Herring] Creek to the extreme right. Immediately after passing a small swamp on the Charles City road my skirmishers reported the enemy in front. While reconnoitering in person I was fired at by the enemy's sharpshooters from the bushes bordering the road running north from the Charles City road,on which the brigade was marching. The enemy was posted in the woods on the right and left of the north road, with four field pieces in position in an open field, commanding our advance. The brigade was immediately pushed forward, the Fourth Ohio on the right of the road and the Fourteenth Indiana on the left, the Seventh Virginia and the Eighth Ohio in reserve, with orders to take the guns, but before the guns were reached a halt was ordered by Brigadier-General Ferry, commanding the division, and immediately after the enemy withdrew his guns to a commanding position about half a mile to the rear and commenced shelling us.

At this juncture Tidball's battery came forward, and taking a position on the left of the road, soon silenced him. Three regiments of my brigade-the Fourth Ohio, Fourteenth Indiana, and Seventh Virginia- were meantime advanced to the woods on both sides of the road, and pickets thrown forward to the enemy's lines of skirmishers; the Eighth Ohio was held in reserve near the battery. In this position we rested for the night.

About 12 o'clock m. of the 4th enemy threw forward three regiments of Jackson's corps, who attacked our lines, but after an hour and a half of sharp skirmishing we compelled him to retire with loss without having penetrated the lines of our pickets.

Our loss in both affairs was small, being 2 killed and 17 wounded, a detailed report of which was made to you on the 6th instant.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major L. D. H. CURRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General

