
JULY 4, 1862. - Reconnaissance from Harrison's Landing.

REPORT.

Numbers 1. -Colonel John F. Farnsworth, Eighty Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Colonel William Gamble, Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John F. Farnsworth,

Eighth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Camp on James River, July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order yesterday morning I started with my regiment back on the route over which we traveled on Wednesday last, for the purpose of succoring any wounded, sick, or straggling soldiers who might be found, as well as to ascertain the where-abouts of the enemy. I had proceeded but a short distance, when I was sent for by General F. J. Porter. The regiment then proceeded in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Gamble. They had proceeded beyond the bridge but about 1 mile when they came upon the rebel pickets, both infantry and cavalry. Turning to the left toward James River they proceeded about 1 mile farther, when they came upon the enemy's pickets, there also in considerable force. it was evident that in proceeding farther the command would run great risk of being entirely cut off, and it was equally evident that, the rebels having occupied all the ground we had traversed, no stragglers or wounded men able to move would be found. The command returned to camp.

I inclose herewith the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Gamble, which will exhibit more particularly the position of the enemy and the steps taken by my command in this reconnaissance.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. F. FARNSWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General KEYES.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Gamble,

Eighth Illinois Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S LANDING,

JULY 4, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders I proceeded this morning to the rear across the creek, passed our line of pickets, deployed skirmishers, and advanced with the companies Eighth Illinois Cavalry until we came to the rebel pickets, a mile beyond the creek. We halted and sent forward skirmishers on the left a mile farther, near the river, and ascertained the enemy's pickets to occupy the lines A, B, C, D, of infantry and cavalry, with two guns at the cross-roads (on sketch at letter B), where their headquarters appeared to be in and around the farm-houses adjoining, and in force in the woods from B to C.*

Map not found.

