
river. A gunboat then engaged the section, when it withdrew. About 3 p. m. six or eight transports (schooners), towed by a tug and convoyed by a gunboat, came up the river, as also several small river steamers. The guns were drawn up behind a bluff at Wyanoke,and when the transports were opposite ran to the edge of the bluff and opened on them. Some seventy shots were fired into the transports, damaging them severely. The tug was also damaged. The gunboat opened on the battery as soon as discovered, firing shell, spherical case, and grape from her large guns. She fired some 30 rounds. No damage was done the battery, all her shot either falling short or passing over our heads. Officers and men behaved with the utmost gallantry and coolness, firing their guns as if no gunboat was in the vicinity, and seemed convinced that a gunboat was not so dangerous as they had supposed. The enemy were much annoyed by these trips, and kept several gunboats engaged shelling the woods and vicinity, doing no damage. They even fired at the houses in the vicinity occupied by inoffensive families. On the evening of the 7th the batteries returned to their camps.

Respectfully submitted.

S. D. LEE,

Colonel, Arty., Commanding Guns in vicinity of Charles City Court-House.

Captain NORMAN R. FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Bridge.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain C. W. Squires,

First Company Washington Artillery.

CAMP LONGSTREET, VA.,

July 19, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to the following order I reported to Major General Longstreet, at Phillips' house:
HEADQUARTERS BATTALION WASHINGTON ARTILLERY,Camp-, July 5, 1862.

Captain Squires will report, with his battery of rifle guns, to General Longstreet, at his headquarters, at Phillips' house.

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

General Longstreet ordered me to follow, with my battery, such directions as Colonel S. D. Lee would point out. Colonel Lee accompanied me over a farm road leading into the Charles City road. Reaching this road I marched to point opposite Waddell's farm, and there awaited the arrival of the cavalry, which, I was informed, would support the battery.

The cavalry arrived about dark, and, in obedience to verbal orders from General Stuart, I followed with my battery, arriving at Dr. Wilcox's house (situated 1 mile from James River) about 8 p. m., when I received orders from Colonel Lee to halt. After reconnoitering the position my guns were to occupy Colonel Lee ordered me to march, taking a road known as the road to Wilcox's Wharf. On arriving within 100 yards of the river I placed my battery by sections on a bluff, protected on the right by thick woods, the section on the right, Lieutenant Owen commanding, composed of one steel and one bronze

