
3-inch rifle, and the left section, Lieutenant Galbraith commanding, consisting of two 3-inch bronze rifles. I placed two cannoneers as lookouts on the banks of the river, and was informed about 1 a. m. that a light was seen coming upstream. Preparing everything to give the craft a salute as she passed, we awaited her approach, and as soon as she appeared opposite our position fire was opened from my four guns. Darkness prevented us from seeing the effect of our shot, but it was the opinion of all present that eight projectiles out of thirteen fired struck the mark. I remained in the same position till daylight, when orders came to take my former position in a piece of woods near Waddell's farm.

At this point men and horses rested until 6 p. m. July 6, when I received orders to place my command in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The artillery was now increased to seven guns, viz, four 3-inch rifles (my own battery), two 10-pounder Parrot guns, of the Loudoun Artillery, Captain Rogers, and one Blakely gun, of Stuart's artillery, under Lieutenant McGregor, the three additional pieces of artillery reporting to me by orders from General Stuart. About 8 p. m. the artillery moved in rear of Colonel Rosser's cavalry, and finally took up a position near the river, on the farm of Mr. Thomas Wilcox, about 9 miles from the point we occupied on the previous night.

At sunrise July 7 small steam transport (the Juniata) was discovered aground about 1,000 yards from our position, when the guns were speedily thrown into battery and opened upon her. The boat was lightened by her crew and backed up the river, but finding the direction was likely to prove of disadvantage she moved down the river, evidently worsted by our fire, and we have since been informed by the army correspondent of the Northern papers that she had to be run ashore to keep her from sinking, with a loss of 2 killed and 6 wounded. The enemy now came up with his gunboats, and we retired under their fire without sustaining any damage. He shelled the whole country, but could not discover our new position, which was in piece of woods about 1 mile from the river.

About 4 p. m. I received an order from Lieutenant-Colonel Lee to send one section of artillery to a point on the river near Christian's farm, which he informed me would be supported by one squadron of Colonel Brien's cavalry. I detached Lieutenant Galbraith's section, and I am informed by Lieutenant Galbraith that he came into battery in time to fire upon two transports, conducted by a tug-boat, compelling the tug to cut a way and leave the transports to his mercy. Lieutenant Galbraith sank one transport and damaged the other greatly, compelling the crew to abandon her and escape to the opposite shore. The enemy's gunboats now opened [on] this section and Lieutenant Galbraith retired in good order under his fire and took up his former position. At 5 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Lee informed me that nine transports were coming up the river, and ordered me to move the artillery, now consisting of five guns, to the position on the river we occupied in the morning. The transports soon came in sight, convoyed by three gunboats. They consisted of eight schooners, two abreast, towed by a steamboat. The channel was very near the shore, say 400 yards, and they were fairly within our range, when fire was opened there, which was steadily kept up, nearly every shot taking effect. The enemy from his gunboats fired upon us the whole time, but I am happy to say the artillery sustained no damage. The transports having been towed beyond our range, we retired to Charles City Court-House, where we bivouacked for the night. The fire of the gunboats, though

