
very hot, was not replied to by our artillery, and we did not condescend to turn a single piece of artillery upon him, which seemed to exasperate the enemy to such an extent that he avenged himself by shelling the neighboring farm-houses.

Early next morning, July 8, I was ordered to move down the Charles [City] road in the direction of Bottom's Bridge, as the enemy was advancing in large force with infantry and cavalry. Having accomplished our object, Lieutenant-Colonel Lee ordered the artillery to their respective camps.

During the expedition the artillery fired 172 rounds, as follows: First Company, Battalion Washington Artillery, 122; Loudoun Artillery, 30; Stuart's artillery, 20. Total, 172 rounds.

The officers and non-commissioned officers acted with their usual coolness and good judgement, and I would respectfully recommend them to your kind consideration.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. W. SQUIRES,

Captain, Commanding First Company, Batt. Washington Artillery.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Commanding Battalion Washington Artillery.

JULY 7-9, 1862. -Reconnaissance from Yorktown, Va.

Report of Major Jacob P. Wilson, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD BATT, FIFTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Camp near Yorktown, Va., July 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: On the evening of the 6th instant I received orders from the general commanding to make a reconnaissance through Gloucester, Matthews, and king and Queen Counties. I accordingly crossed the river with 200 men of Companies B, E, L, and M. Started from the other side (Gloucester Point) at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 7th instant. We arrived at Gloucester Court-House about 11 o'clock, and there found a great number of the citizens of the county, it being court day. I released 7 negroes who had been imprisoned by the citizens, and notified the inhabitants that if they arrested negroes without cause, or assisted in taking citizens of the county who had deserted the Southern rebel army for the purpose of sending them back to Richmond, or arrested the Union men in any way, they would be themselves arrested and severely punished. I then dispatched Captain Klienz, of Company E, with his command of 55 men, to the right, to Matthews Court-House, for the purpose of arresting Carter B. Hudgins, who had been very active in taking deserters from the rebel army, and then to join us at a point called Dragon Ordinary, on the road to King and Queen Court-House. I proceeded with the rest of my command on the way to King and Queen Court House. Ascertaining at Wood's Cross-Roads, 7 miles from Gloucester Court-House, that it was 8 miles out of the direct road by the way of the Dragon Ordinary, I dispatched Captain Faith with 20 men to await Captain Klenz at the latter point and proceed with him to a smell place called Plain View, on the direct road to King and Queen Court-House, and about 13 miles from Gloucester Court-House, there to await further orders.

With Companies B and L I went on to Corbin's Mill, 12 miles from

