
having fallen. During his absence a number of farmers had been near the wagon and threatened that the guard would be killed if the wagon was not allowed to go on. Our men charged on them, but they, being on fresh horses, escaped. On the way back armed farmers were discovered on either side of the road in the woods 8 or 10 in number. The horses being very weak and Lieutenant Bayley very faint, he called for two of the men to volunteer to charge through and bring the news to me at the Court-House, 8 miles from there. Only one of the two who offered to go escaped. Some distance farther on he was fired upon again by farmers in the woods. Those men who fired upon Lieutenant Bayley at Walkerton were in uniform, perhaps 10 or 15 in number, hidden in the adjoining woods. The soldier that-escaped saw on his way back three farmers with guns galloping toward the place where Lieutenant Bayley was halted with his men, being only a mile or two from him. We lost Lieutenant Bayley (wounded), 1 corporal, and 8 privates, 2 or 3 of the latter

being wounded or killed.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. P. WILSON,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain C. S. HALDEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 9, 1862. -Reconnaissance on the Long Bridge Road, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Corps.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General George Stoneman, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General William B. Franklin,

U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH PROVISIONAL ARMY CORPS,July 9, 1862.

GENERAL: General Davidson, with two regiments of infantry, went out 4 miles on the Long Bridge road this morning, where he came upon the enemy's rear guard of cavalry. Having but 25 cavalry, he was judges that there were 25,000 men with artillery encamped on the Long Bridge road.

I send a Richmond Dispatch of the 7th instant.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac.

59 R R -VOL XI, PT II

