
Report of Brigadier General George Stoneman, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, for the information of the general commanding, that yesterday the enemy fell back on the Long Bridge, about 3 miles on the Charles City, road-not quite so far. He was followed and pushed by the First Brigade until his infantry supports were brought into requisition. On the richmond road he was followed until the pursuing party came to a flag of truce, and was sent back by the bearer. This morning strong parties have been pushed out in every direction.

Commanding officers of scouting parties and brigade commanders complain that the men of their commands are taken a away by generals, colonels, and other officers to act as orderlies, &amp;c. I have the honor to request that the general commanding give directions that this be stopped in future.

I have the honor to be, &c.,

GEO. STONEMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

General WILLIAMS, Adjutant-General.

JULY 11, 1862. -reconnaissance from harrison's Landing, beyond Charles City Court-House, Va.

Report of Colonel James H. Childs, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,July 11 - 4 a. m.

COLONEL: I have just returned from reconnaissances I was directed to make beyond Charles City-Court-House and have the honor to report:

Upon reaching the Court-House I sent a party out each of the roads leading to the Chickahominy and James River beyond the Court-House, except the Long Bridge road, over which I was informed a squadron of your regiment had passed yesterday morning. The parties went to Jones's Bridge, Cole's Ferry, Barrett's Ferry, and beyond Sandy Point, in sight of Dancing Point, without finding the enemy in any instance. The officer who went to Jones' Bridge crossed the Chickahominy and examined the country for a distance of a mile or two above and below his point of crossing, without finding the enemy. Intelligent contraband on all the roads and at the court-house, with uncommon unanimity, informed us that no force of the enemy had been seen since Tuesday or Wednesday last, on which latter day a force of some 300 cavalry passed down to Sandy Point, but returned immediately. I am convinced there is now no force of any kind in the country over which we passed. I will do myself the honor to call upon you this morning and make you a report at greater length, if you desire it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. CHILDS,

Colonel Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel AVERELL, Commanding First Brigade Cavalry.

