
JULY 22, 1862. -Affair near Westover, Va.

Report of Colonel William W. Averel, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Westover, July 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that yesterday nothing of interest occurred on the first Long Bridge road. On the second (Clarke's) a company proceeded to Saint Mary's church and returned, establishing its reserve about a mile out and throwing its pickets out a mile farther. Toward evening the officer in command (Captain Taylor, Fourth Pennsylvania) was proceeding leisurely up the road to visit his pickets, when he was fired upon by a concealed party of 4 or 5 and slightly wounded in the left side. The party escaped. The grounds were thoroughly searched and the point where they had been concealed discovered. Some loose oats in the sheaf indicated where they had fed their horses. A negro stated that the party was not composed of soldiers, but consisted of the neighbors. I have directed an investigation, and shall cause the arrest of such parties in the vicinity as may be implicated. I have the honor to inclose a copy of my instructions to the officer in command of a squadron on the road to-day.* Colonel Childs will go out also with a party for the purpose of investigating the transaction of yesterday.

I regret exceedingly that there should have been any ground for complaints of the condition of the police, &amp;c., of the First New York Cavalry. Now that Lieutenant-Colonel Von Schickfuss has assumed command of that regiment there is hope for a better state of things. I have now a hundred spades at work, and soon will present the police of the brigade in an improved condition. i have the honor to inclose the report of the brigade officer of the day of yesterday.* Please excuse the delay in this report, as it has been caused by some investigations.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. J. ALEXANDER, A. A. A. G.

JULY 22-30, 1862. -Shout in King William, King and Queen, and Gloucester Counties, Va.

Report of Lieutenant W. T. Robins, Ninth Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY,Camp Cary, ----, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of orders from yourself I proceeded on the morning of July 22, with a detail of 90 men and 3 commissioned officers from the Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Ninth Regiments Virginia Cavalry, to march through the counties of King William, King and Queen, and Gloucester to Gloucester Point. The object of the scout was the arresting and bringing to the headquarters of the general commanding cavalry brigade all deserters and disloyal citizens whom I might find in those counties.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

