
with men leaving the wharf at York. She went out of the river and returned in the course of six or eight hours light, and when I left was loading with stores of some sort.

The citizens in the vicinity of Gloucester Point reported to me that the guns in the fort at York had been busted some short time before. The reports induced me to believe that the enemy is evacuating York-town.

I am, captain, respectfully,

W. T. ROBINS,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Scout.

Captain NORMAN FITZHUGH, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 29, 1862. -Reconnaissance from Harrison's Landing to Saint Mary's Church, Va.

Report of Captain Alexander P. Duncan, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

HARRISON'S LANDING, July 29, 1862.

In accordance with orders I proceeded to patrol the second Long Bridge road as far as Saint Mary's Church. So, without seeing enemy, and from information obtained then and on previous occasions, I arrested one William Bradley. My information was that he had aided the enemy and was still willing to do so, and had said that he would on no condition take the oath of allegiance. I also had 25 sheep drove in, which were represented to be the property of John Clarke. My reasons for driving them in were that they were close on the lines of the enemy's pickets and on a plantation belonging to a rebel quartermaster. Also that the enemy's pickets or scouts were in the habit of taking them off whenever they wished. There were also 5 or 6 head of cattle brought there day before which I have no doubt will be sent to Richmond, if not brought away.

A. P. DUNCAN,

Captain, Commanding Company F, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Colonel AVERELL.

JULY 31- AUGUST 1, 1862. -Attack on Union camps and shipping between Shirley and Harrison's Landing, Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. -Major General George B. McClellan, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, with orders, &amp;c.

Numbers 3. -Major General Daniel H. Hill, C. S. Army, of operations July 23-31.

Numbers 4. -Brigadier General S. G. French, C. S. Army, with orders.

Numbers 5. -Brigadier General W. N. Pendleton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General George B. McClellan,

U. S. Army.

BERKELEY, August 1, 1862-8.30 a. m.

Enemy opened with light guns from Coggins Point about half an hour after midnight. Fire very heavy for more than half an hour-lasted

