
sired; the men have an abundance of fresh vegetables, and are rapidly being supplied with fresh bread.

I had a large party of cavalry yesterday at Jones' Bridge; two squadrous crossed the Chickahominy and communicated near Diascund Bridge with the cavalry pickets from Williamsburg. All quiet in that direction.

In the direction of Malvern we have the usual daily skirmishes close by Turkey Bridge and beyond the mill.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

P. S.- August 2, 7 a. m. No firing during the night.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. Report of General Robert E. Lee,

C. S. Army, with orders, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 28, 1862.

SIR: General D. H. Hill has been directed to proceed with picked troops and about fifty pieces of artillery to old Fort Powhatan to endeavor to cut off General McClellan's communication by the river. I have ordered General Pendleton with five of his reserve batteries-the two 32-pounders, the long 32-pounder (Long Tom), and the 18-pounder, all on siege carriages-on the same expedition. I know of no heavier blow that could be dealt General McClellan's army than to cut off his communication. It would oblige him to break up from his position and retire at least to the broad part of the river. But if this cannot be done, the attempt, if partially successful, will anchor him in his present position, from which he would not dare to advance, so that I can re-enforce Jackson without hazard to Richmond, and thus enable him to drive, if not destroy, the miscreant Pope.

I am particularly anxious that our newspapers may not give the enemy notice of our intentions, and have directed General Hill, in order to cover his movement, to say he was moving against Suffolk or Norfolk, so as to satisfy the curiosity of our countrymen. I leave it for you to judge whether an enigmatical paragraph in the Dispatch to that effect or entire silence may be most advisable.

To have the honor to be, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have received your letter of yesterday. I have determined to send General Pendleton, with certain of his batteries, as you

