
will see by the copy of the order inclosed, for service on the mission contemplated.

You will please select some of your best for the performance of this duty, and I would suggest Brigadier-General French as a suitable officer to command, inasmuch as he has already had considerable experience in this way on the Potomac.

Your supporting force you will regulate by the necessities of the service, and your cavalry-which should be vigilant-will be used to inform you of any attempt that may be made to interfere with your operations,

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. Lee,

General.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 165. July 28, 1862.

* * * * *

X. General W. N. Pendleton, commanding Reserve Artillery Corps, will select five of his best and longest-range light batteries, and with the 32-pounders on siege-carriages, and the long 32 and 18 pounders, also on siege carriages, proceed to the south side of James River, and report to Major General D. H. Hill for duty.

XI. Major J. R. C. Lewis, P. A. C. S., is assigned to duty with, and will immediately report for duty to, General W. N. Pendleton.

* * * * *

By command of General D. H. HILL,

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 29, 1862.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your letter of to-day has been received. * I have written you that General Pendleton will be sent to you. there are risks which we must take, and i wish you to make the attempt to damage the enemy by all means, at the same time guarding against unnecessary loss. McClellan will not be able to throw any large body of men across the river if he is pressed on this side. I am not certain that Coggins Point is as good for your purpose as Fort Powhatan or some point in the neighborhood below, as that would cut off his communications more effectually perhaps. your proposed disposition of General Anderson and General French is satisfactory, except that it will be best to avail yourself of French's aid in your operations on the south side of the river before placing him permanently in Petersburg.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

