
The prisoners, save the invalids, will be marched to Aiken's; but they will use their eyes on this side, too.

I informed you to-day that ours were reported to be coming; so you must be careful.

Make your blows heavy, and as quick as you can. Use all your infantry. I necessary, keep Anderson's division at work.

Very truly,

R. E. LEE.

General D. H. Hill, Commanding South of James River.

Numbers 3. Report of Major General Daniel H. Hill,

C. S. Army, of operations July 23-31.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,
----------

,

-----

, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the operations of my command from the battles around Richmond until after the battle of Sharpsburg:

On July 23 I was detached from my division and placed in charge of the Department of the South Side, extending from Drewry's Bluff to the South Carolina line. As General McClellan was then at Westover, on the James [River], some 30 miles from Richmond, and it was thought he might attempt an advance by the south side, my first attention was given to the defenses in that direction. Heavy details were made from the division and two brigades near the bluff to complete a line of entrenchments around it and controlling the Petersburg road.

Not a spadeful of earth had been thrown up about Petersburg, and it was in a wholly defenseless condition. A system of fortifications was begun (which subsequently met the approval of the chief engineer, Colonel J. F. Gilmer, C. S. Army), and the brigades of Ransom, Walker, and Daniel were put to work on it. About 1,000 negroes were procured, chiefly from North Carolina, and employed in like manner. Pontoon bridges were constructed at several points, to make the connection rapid and secure between the two positions to be secured. The de fences of the Appomattox were also strengthened, and a movable car planned and ordered to prevent a landing at City Point. An effort was made to organize and make efficient the numerous independent companies in the department, which had been of little use and much expense to the country. A concentration of these troops at Weldon and Goldsborough was ordered, to prevent the cutting of our important lines southward.

In accordance with instructions from the general commanding Army of Northern Virginia I made a personal examination of the Yankee shipping and encampment on the 28th instant, and determined to attack it from Coggins Point and Maycox's, on the south side. This expedition was intrusted to Brigadier-General French, and was a complete success. Forty-three pieces, under command of General Pendleton and Colonel J. T. Brow, were placed in position, on the night of the 31st, on the banks of the river, within easy range of the objects to be reached. Much damage was done to the Yankee shipping, some destruction of life caused in the camp, and the wildest terror and consternation pro

