
from the point nearest the enemy, and that it be kept up vigorously until the fire from the enemy's fleet becomes dangerous, when the pieces from the point will be withdrawn, to be followed by the others. Not more than one caisson will move with each battery, and those will be divested of two ammunition-chests which will be put where they can be easily replaced on the carriages.

IV. One ambulance will accompany each battery.

V. The Georgia battalion will move after dark to a pontoon near Mr. Ruffin's.

VI. On the return of the artillery Colonel Daniel will be in readiness with his brigade to move in advance, and Colonel Manning will follow the artillery as soon as it shall pass him.

VII. All noise, all fires, and approach during the day when a soldier can be seen by the enemy is forbidden, the whole being a secret expedition.

S. G. FRENCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General W. N. Pendleton,

C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,Near Petersburg, August 9, 1862.

GENERAL: The report of our operations in attacking the enemy's shipping near Coggins Point, on the night of July 31, which I now have the honor to submit, has been delayed by the absence on other duty of one of the officers, from whom it was necessary to obtain some important facts:

General Lee having intimated to me on Monday, July 28, his wish to effect something against the enemy's boats by artillery on this side of James River, and my services having been tendered and accepted for conducting the expedition, I detailed from the Reserve Artillery under my command near Richmond a force deemed sufficient for the service and placed it en route for Petersburg early on Tuesday, 29th. This force consisted of certain batteries and sections of batteries from Colonel Brown's artillery regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Cutts' and Major Nelson's artillery battalions-in all, thirty-two field pieces-and two heavy rifles on siege carriages, manned by Captain Dabney, with the men and horses of Captain Milledge's artillery company, from Major Richardson's battalion, to operate two other large rifles transported by railroad.

The command reached Petersburg by sunset July 29. General D. H. Hill, commanding, having been reported to early in the day by telegram and later by a member of my staff, sent forward for the purpose, we encamped that evening a short distance beyond the city, on the Suffolk road.

About midnight a dispatch from General Hill was brought me, indicating Coggins as our destination, and directing me to have my command ready to march early the next morning. Meantime Major Allen, of Claremont, arrived at Mr. Hare's, where I was lodging, and gave me information deemed valuable respecting the river and the shipping. This we proceeded very early on the 30th to submit to General Hill. He had, however, set out, and preferred not halting for con

