
Church. My advance met some 7 of the enemy's pickets, who immediately ran, and the cavalry pursued to and passed Sycamore Church. One picket surrendered and an old black man was captured and sent to General Butterfield. From the prisoner I learned that the pickets had gone to another church and from the negro a short route. A force of five regiments of infantry were reported there. I immediately started with my whole force, and on my arrival at the church found about 4 mounted pickets to the left and rear of some woods. Whilst making disposition to capture these they fired and ran. The cavalry pursued disposition to capture these they fired and ran. The cavalry pursued as in the former instance, but did not capture of kill any of them. The heat was excessive; many men sank under it, and I am at present suffering greatly from it. I will give a detailed report in the morning. The furnish a map in the morning, provided I am well.

JOHN D. WILKINS,

Captain, Third Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT INFANTRY,Camp near Harrison's landing, Va., August 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to the orders I received, I proceeded on the 4th instant to Coggins Point, an after some delay, on account of the boats getting aground, I proceeded to the point marked on the map B, leaving one company at A.* Arriving about 5 p. m. I immediately relieved Colonel Sickel, posting my pickets on the line occupied by his. After night, on his recommendation, I relieved the first line by a line posted in rear of the swamp and in front of the battery. In the afternoon Colonel Childs arrived with 125 cavalry, and about the middle of the night Lieutenant Elder with a battery. Colonel Sickel informed me that the enemy's pickets were quite near, and had shown themselves near his at the barn; also that from the tracks seen quite a number had been there the night before. After a consultation with Colonel Childs we determined the next morning to occupy all the open ground to our front, which was accordingly done at daybreak on the 5th. The cavalry were posted on the 5th. The cavalry were posted on all the roads, and the infantry were placed about half a mile in advance of their of their former position.

At 8 o'clock on the 5th I received the orders brought by yourself to find out the position of the enemy, and on the arrival of General Butterfield to attack the enemy with my whole force. The enemy were supposed to be at Sycamore Church, and I immediately commenced reconnoitering with the cavalry to find out where he had pursued the enemy's picket through the place known as Sycamore Church and about a mile beyond it, and captured a picket and contraband. On inquiry of them I learned that the enemy were beyond at a place known as the Brick Church, the contraband pointing out the road to the right as the most direct route to it. General Butterfield arrived about the middle of the day, and I immediately reported to him He directed my pickets to be relieved, and after assembling them I proceeded to the Brick Church by the road before indicated. On my arrival there I found the church situated in a grove as reported, and on the left and rear of it saw the

