
which had advanced farther than any, to fall back, which they did in order.

Soon after dark orders were given to withdrawn the regiments and continue the retreat. The retreat was continued all night, and at dawn of day of the 1st instant we arrived at Malverton, where my brigade was formed in line of battle immediately in rear of Richardson's division. The enemy soon after commenced an attack, and we were exposed to a galling fire of artillery, but about 9 o'clock we moved to the right to occupy a road in the woods in the direction of Smith's division. Soon after this the One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers was sent to report to me, which connected my line with Smith's division. About 11 o'clock at night I received an order to again withdraw my regiments and continue the retreat, and arrived here about the middle of the forenoon.

I regret to report that some of the most valuable officers of my command are lost to the service for the present. The gallant old veteran Colonel Lee, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, the second in command of the brigade, has been entirely disabled by an artillery horse falling on him at the battle of Nelson's farm. Colonel Hinks, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, next in rank, a most gallant and competent officers, severely wounded at Nelson's farm, has been sent to the rear. Colonel Charles, Forty-second New York Volunteers, was left wounded (supposed mortally) at a hospital at Nelson's farm. Major How, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, one of the most valuable and brave officers in the service, was killed at Nelson's farm. I myself am now confined to my bed quite ill for the first time during my service, and have been unable myself to write this report. If it is unsatisfactory I hope these losses and my own condition will be sufficient excuse.

I desire to make particular mention of the officers of my staff (Captain W. B. Leach, assistant adjutant-general;Lieutenant Colonel L. Peirson, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers; Lieutenant E. P. Bishop, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers; Surg. A. N. Dougherty and Captain W. G. Le Duc, assistant quartermaster), whose labors were incessant and unremitting during these four days of trial.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours,

N. J. T. DANA,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM D. SEDGWICK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Second Corps d'Armee.

No. 32. Reports of Brigadier General Samuel P. Heintzelman,

U. S. Army, commanding Third Corp, of the engagement at Oak Grove, or King's School-House, battle of Savage Station, engagement at White Oak Swamp Bridge, and battles of Glendale, or Nelson's Farm (Frazier's Farm), and Malvern Hill.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, Camp near Harrison's Bar, James River, Va., July 18, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make his report of the operations of my corps on the 25th of June, when our pickets were pushed forward from beyond our intrenchments near the Seven Pines, on the Richmond road.

