
Numbers 1. Reports of Major General George B. McClellan,

U. S. Army, with letter of instructions to General Heintzelman.

BERKELEY, August 4, 1862-2 p. m.

The arrangements for the reconnaissance are now complete. The troops will move this afternoon and during the night. It was impossible to get them successfully started before this time.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Commanding Army, U. S. A.

BERKELEY, VA., August 8, 1862.

Porter's reconnaissance yesterday found nothing but light pickets 5 miles from Coggins Point. Seems to be no heavy force south of Appomattox. It is very clear that Richmond is not evacuated. Hooker was pressed by a strong force at Malvern Hill. I think enemy occupies vicinity of James River on both banks above Darling, and that he has detached to the north, though he still has a considerable force here.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Harrison's Landing, August 2, 1862.

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that General Hooker has received special instructions to proceed with his division to-night upon an expedition of importance in the direction of the enemy's lines at Malvern. He will have a force at his disposal, besides his division, of 1,000 cavalry and two batteries of Horse Artillery. The general commanding desires to have the pickets of Hooker's division relieved by detail from Kearny's division at a suitable hour this afternoon in the most quiet manner. The expedition should leave at 7 o'clock p. m. this evening, and should have two days' rations in their haversacks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Commanding Third Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Joseph Hooker,

U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Third Corps, of the return of his division to camp August 3.

HDQRS. HOOKER'S DIVISION, THIRD ARMY CORPS, Camp near James River, Va., August 3, 1862.

SIR: In consequence of the incompetency of guides furnished me I regret to be obliged to inform you that I have deemed it expedient to return to camp.

