
was sent out from the Third Regiment to observe our left flank, front, and rear. A squad of our cavalry appearing at the same time on the left, the enemy retired into the woods, and did not again show himself in that vicinity. Two of their mounted scouts, having been cut off from their company, voluntarily surrendered themselves under a white flag, and were placed under a guard from the Second Regiment of this brigade, and their horses and equipments turned over to the brigade quartermaster.

About this time the firing of the enemy ceased and he retreated, leaving one caisson and all the implements of one gun in our possession. The Third Regiment was now, by order of General Hooker, sent as a picket on the left of my skirmishers, and advanced half a mile or more to the left, but saw no signs of the enemy, and they returned, by order, in about an hour. My line was then advanced near the house formerly occupied as a hospital by our troops, where, with the exception of the Fourth Regiment, the men were rested. The Fourth Regiment, by order of General Hooker, was occupied as a corps of observation in the extreme front during the afternoon.

About 6 p. m., by order of Brigadier-General Grover, commanding the division, the brigade was formed in line to the right of our position in a corn field, and pickets thrown out to the right and front several hundred yards. We remained in this position until after dark the next day (August 6), having seen no enemy meanwhile, and my pickets having been joined in the night by those of Brigadier-General Abercrombie. A little after dark, under orders from Brigadier-General Grover, commanding division, the regiments were ordered to be ready to move at a moment's notice, and the line was moved to the right about 100 yards. The Second Regiment was moved to the advanced picket line on the extreme right and ordered to hold it at all hazards. In a few hours, under orders from General Hooker, the Second Regiment and my pickets were called in and the brigade was put in march toward this camp about 11 p. m., as a support to De Russy's and Bramhall's batteries, where it arrived, without any further occurrences, about daylight on the morning of the 7th.

I am happy to be able to report no casualties in the brigade. By the rapidity of the march of the first night after leaving camp there was some straggling, scarcely avoidable, but no men are reported to me as missing.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain HIBBARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Louis R. Francine,

Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of operations August 4-7.

HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLS., Camp near Harrison's Landing, Va., August 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following relative to the movement and conduct of this regiment during the late reconnaissance to Malvern Hill:

