
Agreeably to orders received at these headquarters the regiment turned out with two days' rations and joined the rest of the brigade; took up its line of march on Monday, August 4, at 5.30 p. m. At about midnight we halted and bivouacked near a group of hills supposed to form a continuation of those called Malvern.

At daybreak we resumed our march, and arrived about 8.30 a. m. in the rear of Malvern Hill, which was occupied by a small force of the enemy. The regiment was formed in line of battle and advanced upon the right of the enemy's position; but before arriving within musket-range they fled. The regiment then stacked arms and proceeded to breakfast, remaining in the position it occupied until evening, when it moved by your orders and formed, in conjunction with the other regiments of the brigade, a line of battle opposite the house known as Dr. Carter's.

The following night at 12 o'clock we moved from our position and fell back to our camp at this place.

I have no casualties to report, and am very much pleased to be able to state that there was an uncommonly small number of stragglers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS R. FRANCINE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment New Jersey Vols.

Lieutenant LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel William W. Averell,

Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, of skirmish at White Oak Swamp Bridge August 5.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE, August 6, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received from Brigadier-General Marcy, chief of staff of the Army of the Potomac, I set out yesterday morning at 2 o'clock for White Oak Swamp Bridge with 400 cavalry, one-half from the Fifth United States and the other from the Third Pennsylvania, and Captain Gibson's battery of artillery, Lieutenant Pendleton commanding. Arriving at Saint Mary's Church, on the first Long Bridge road, I placed the picket squadron found there on the road which leads to the left, by Nance's Mill, with a section of the battery, supported by 20 cavalry; then pushed on to my destination over a by-road from Long Bridge through woods and fields, arriving within a short distance of the White Oak Swamp Bridge at 10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant Byrnes, Fifth Cavalry, led the advance guard, accompanied by Captain Custer, supported by Captain White, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, with a squadron.

The advance guard had orders to dash at once upon the enemy as soon as he should be discovered, the supports to follow and engage to the best advantage while the main body was being brought up and deployed and the artillery being placed in position. The column moved forward with life. The enemy was discovered in force, from 30 to 40 strong, of the Tenth Virginia Cavalry, and the orders above stated were carried out. The enemy was dispersed and pursued, and

