
The 22 persons above mentioned, and one deserter who delivered himself up to the picket at Charles City Court-House, were sent to the provost-marshal-general.

One squadron is now on picket on the Long Bridge road, about a mile beyond Saint Mary's Church, and one company at Charles City Court-House; two squadrons are now with General Slocum; one squadron has gone to relieve the pickets of the Second Brigade at Mrs. Clark's house; one company went out yesterday as escort to the engineers, and three companies of the Fourth Pennsylvania went over the James River on the afternoon of the 4th instant.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Colonel Commanding.

Captain A. J. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of General Robert E. Lee,

C. S. Army, of operations August 5-7.

HEADQUARTERS, New Market, Va., August 7, 1862.

Mr. PRESIDENT: It having been reported to me Tuesday evening that the enemy in considerable force had occupied Malvern Hill, and that it looked like a general advance of McClellan's army, I directed the divisions of Generals Longstreet and McLaws and the brigades under General Ripley to advance next morning to the Long Bridge road. On reaching that road the enemy appeared in considerable strength, occupying the ground on which the battle was fought on Tuesday, July 1. His troops were drawn up in line of battle, his artillery in position, and he apparently was prepared to deliver battle in as strong force as he did on that day. Generals McLaws'and Ripley's divisions, re-enforced by that of General D. R. Jones, formed our left, while General Longstreet's formed the right. The day was intensely hot and the progress of the troops necessarily slow. Before the Long Bridge and Charles City roads were clear of his pickets and his line of battle disclosed the sun had nearly set. Orders were then given for our left wing to advance to Willis' Church, extending well to the left and threatening the enemy's communications with Westover. Two brigades of General Longstreet's division were ordered to advance upon Malvern Hill and drive in his parties extending over Curl's Neck. This latter operation was handsomely done by General Evans with his own and Cobb's brigades, and the enemy's parties were driven under their guns at Malvern Hill.

From the prisoners captured during the day it was ascertained that the enemy was in strong force-infantry, artillery, and cavalry. Hooker's, Sedgwick's, Kearny's, and Birney's division were mentioned as being present; [also] Emory's cavalry and Heintzelman's and Sumner's corps.

This morning upon the advance of the troops it was ascertained that the enemy had disappeared during the night, and he has now apparently retired within his former lines. I have directed the re-establishment of our pickets and the return of our troops to their former posi-

