
tions and duties. The number of the killed and captured of the enemy I do not exactly know, but they are but few. Our casualties small.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

His Excellency JEFF. DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States of America.

Numbers 7. Report of Brigadier General Wade Hampton,

C. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, of operations August 5-7.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE, August 10, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit for the information of the major-general commanding the following report of the operations of my brigade on the recent advance of the enemy, together with the reports of the colonels under my command:

At 12.30 a. m. August 5 Colonel Young notified me that he had received information of the presence of the enemy in front of Colonel Baker, and that they were apparently advancing. I sent his courier immediately to General Toombs, and dispatched another to endeavor to procure accurate information as to the movements of the enemy. This latter returned just before daylight, confirming fully the report of the first, and bringing the additional information from Colonel Baker that the enemy were in strong force of all arms. This courier was sent forthwith to give his report to General Toombs also, and I then ordered out the reserve of Cobb's Legion to proceed with them to the support of Colonel Baker. Just as I was about to leave my quarters, having previously dispatched a courier to Major-General Longstreet conveying all the information in my possession, I heard the enemy open fire on the artillery and infantry stationed at Malvern Hill. I rode at once to the quarters of General Toombs and communicated this intelligence to him, suggesting to him the propriety of re-enforcing his troops on the hill. I told him that if he would take re-enforcements to the hill and would let me have some artillery, I would attack the enemy in their rear near Crew's house. This was agreed on, and proceeding with the Cobb Legion Cavalry and two sections [of] Moody's artillery I gained the position from which General Magruder had attacked the enemy on July 1 ultimo. On reaching this point I found the enemy on the same ground occupied by him in the battle of the 1st [of] last month, while the troops which had been stationed on Malvern Hill were retreating. Fearing for my rear guard, and having only four pieces of artillery, with two small squadrons of cavalry, I withdrew to our main lines. During that day I held the enemy in strict observance, but had no opportunity to strike at him. New picket lines were established and well maintained.

On the 7th I was ordered by General Lee to reconnoiter on the right flank of the enemy with my command. This was done as the infantry advanced in front, and I proceeded through Gatewood's farm to Carter's Mill. The enemy had retreated, and only a few stragglers were fallen in with. My personal observation was confined to the right and center of my line. As I was unable to learn their positions during the two

