
day's operations, I must, therefore, refer you to the report of Colonel Magruder for information as to the occurrences on the left, where he was stationed. I can confirm the reports of Colonels Baker and Young from my own personal knowledge of all the facts stated.

I neglected to state that while consulting with General Toombs in the morning a courier brought to me news of the attack on the hill and a request to the general from one of his officers there for re-enforcements.

I beg to call your attention to the very efficient manner in which Colonel Baker maintained his picket line and to the timely information be furnished as to the movements of the enemy. This information was always promptly communicated by Lieutenant-Colonel Young, and these officers both proved themselves watchful and energetic.

The report of Lieutenant-Colonel Magruder has not yet been sent in, though it has been called for. It shall be forwarded as soon as it reaches me. Since the infantry have been withdrawn from the picket line the enemy have made constant demonstrations against me. They have always been promptly met and our lines have been maintained.

Of course the position cannot be held by cavalry alone against a serious attack, but orders have been given to hold it as long as possible. I incline to the belief that the enemy are withdrawing, and I strongly recommend a forced reconnaissance with infantry, artillery, and cavalry. This is entirely practicable.

Referring you for details to the accompanying reports, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Major FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel P. M. B. Young,

commanding Georgia Legion Cavalry, of skirmish at Malvern Hill August 5.

NEW MARKET CHURCH, August 8, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the first courier reported to me at 12.15 a. m. August 5; he was sent by Lieutenant Early, who commanded my squadron on picket at Malvern Hill. This courier reported that the enemy were advancing with a large force of cavalry and some artillery upon the left flank of the North Carolina cavalry pickets. I immediately directed my adjutant to write a note to General Hampton and inform him of the state of affairs, which he did. I ordered the courier to return and direct Lieutenant Early to send out a scouting party. Lieutenant Early obeyed the order; the scouting party discovered nothing in their front, and no demonstration was made at this time or after in our front, as the enemy advanced from the direction of the North Carolina pickets.

The second courier reported to me between the hours of 2 and 3 o'clock. This courier reported from Lieutenant Early that he had been informed by a courier from the North Carolina pickets that the enemy were still advancing in strong force upon the North Carolina pickets; they could distinctly hear the sound of the bugles and the moving of artillery. This courier was sent to General Hampton to report this intelligence to him.

