
About break of day a courier from the North Carolina picket reported to me that the enemy were still advancing, but that his (the North Carolina) pickets had not been driven from their posts. He reported that Colonel Baker's or my position would be attacked by morning. This courier was also sent to General Hampton.

At 5.30 a. m. another courier reported to me from Lieutenant Early. This man reported that a battery of artillery had opened upon our reserve picket and our battery of artillery (which was at Malvern house) entirely from their rear; the enemy's battery was playing from a hill near Crew's house; the battery was supported by about 400 cavalry. The courier reported that he had come for support, and unless our people on the hill should very soon get help they must certainly be lost. This courier was sent to General Hampton.

In a few moments after this time I received an order from General Hampton directing me to leave one squadron at my camp and form the other two squadrons in the field, which was preparatory to moving to the support of Colonel Baker.

I received no information after this from Malvern Hill. It is due to Lieutenant Early to say that he kept up his picket lines during the heavy artillery fire from his rear, nor did he abandon them until ordered by Major Pickett, of the Seventeenth Georgia, to do so.

During this movement upon Malvern Hill not a man of the enemy appeared in front of my pickets. The enemy, to their surprise, were firing from their rear before they were aware of their proximity, and I must say that in my opinion the officers of the infantry, artillery, and cavalry deserve praise for the manner in which they withdrew their troops from the field when they believed it vain to hope longer for support.

I have to report my loss as follows: Two men captured from Lieutenant Early's squadron, and 2 supposed to be killed.

P. M. B. YOUNG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Georgia Legion Cavalry.

Lieutenant HAMILTON, Aide and A. A. A. G.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel L. S. Baker,

First North Carolina Cavalry, of operations August 4-6.

AUGUST 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the enemy advanced to the Gatewood field about 9 p. m. on the 4th instant, and there halted during the night. A courier was dispatched to Lieutenant-Colonel Young and to me at that time, saying that the enemy were coming up in large force-artillery, infantry, and cavalry. I immediately marched down with my regiment, and soon satisfied myself that the report forwarded to me was correct. Another courier was immediately forwarded by me about 10.30 o'clock to Lieutenant-Colonel Young to make the same report as at first, and to state that I thought they would go by the Quaker road to Malvern Hill in the morning, and that he must be on the alert and forward the report to General Hampton. I also dispatched an officer to General Ripley, informing him, as he had directed me to call on him for assistance whenever necessary. The officer says he reached the general's headquarters at 3.45 a. m. The general wrote to me immediately, authorizing me to order up a section of artillery and two infantry regiments on picket about 4 or 5 miles in my rear, and if this was not enough to send for the brigade that was out working.

