
I have made diligent search as to negligence on [the] part of [the] picket, but have found nothing indicating negligence, unless it be some of the men did not believe, after being told by [the] picket, that the enemy was approaching, and Lieutenant Doyle thoughtlessly was dismounted and had sent his horse some distance to water. My pickets were so placed it seems to me without carelessness could not have been captured.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. S. MAGRUDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Cavalry.

Brigadier General WADE HAMPTON.

Numbers 11. Extract from a report of Brigadier General N. G. Evans,

C. S. Army, of skirmish at Malvern Hill August 6.
HEADQUARTERS EVANS' BRIGADE, Near Winchester, Va., October 13, 1862.

MAJOR: In pursuance to the written instructions of the major-general commanding I beg leave to report the action of my command in the recent engagements in Virginia and Maryland:

On August 6 last i was ordered to repair with my brigade to Malvern Hill and to drive the enemy from the wood to the north of the hill, I deployed my troops in line of battle, and, after marching about a mile through the woodland and open field, encountered the cavalry pickets of the enemy, which were soon driven in by the fire of two regiments, killing several of the enemy, who soon retired, evacuating his position. Four prisoners taken.

* * * * * * *

Respectfully submitted.

N. G. EVANS,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Right Wing.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel W. H. Wallace,

Eighteenth South Carolina Infantry, of skirmish at Malvern Hill August 5.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., October 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to report that, it having been ascertained that the enemy had occupied Malvern Hill in force, the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers, under the command of Colonel J. M. Gadberry, was to take part in dislodging them.

On August 5 the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers left its camp at Laurel Hill and proceeded in the direction of Malvern Hill. When

