
we had reached a point in the road near to where the enemy's pickets had been observed the Eighteenth was formed on the right of the road, the other regiments of the brigade being upon the left. On the right of the road we advanced in line of battle through a body of woods and out into a large field of wheat, which, although long since ripe, had not been reaped. For a considerable distance we advanced through this field, finding picket stations as we passed with evidence of their hasty abandonment. The advance was continued until about night-fall, when the regiment was halted by order of General Evans.

Soon after dark, the moon, however, shining brightly, the movements of the enemy began to be heard in our front, and a body of the enemy's cavalry was discovered marching up the road upon which our left flank rested. When within easy range the regiment opened fire upon them. They immediately wheeled and fled in confusion. A company being sent out, they discovered several men and horses killed and gathered some cavalry arms and equipments. The enemy made no further demonstrations in our front, and we retired about a mile and went into camp. The next day it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned the hill.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. WALLACE,

Colonel Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain EVANS.

Numbers 13. Report of Major General Lafayette McLaws,

C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations August 6-8.

HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, August 9, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders from department, headquarters, received after 6 a. m. on the 6th instant, to march with my command to the junction of the Charles City and Long Bridge roads, I moved with the brigades of Colonel Barksdale and General Semmes and two regiments of the South Carolina brigade (all with me). Not long after reaching the Charles City road the lead of my column was halted by coming up with that of General Ripley, moving in the same direction.

I had not been informed of General Ripley's orders, nor, indeed, that he would move in that direction. The day was excessively warm, and the troops were marched slowly.

Finding that General Ripley's column had halted about 9 miles from here a very considerable time I rode forward, and found General Ripley at Fisher's. He informed me that he was constructing two rifle pits to strengthen his position. Shortly after my arrival one of General Ripley's brigades was ordered forward to the junction, and the cavalry advanced. It was the general impression that the enemy had a very considerable force of cavalry on the left and a large body of infantry in front. It was not until late in the day that I discovered there was a regiment of 200 or 300 or more of our own cavalry about the junction and Fisher's. The junction was occupied without opposition, nothing of the enemy being seen beyond their mounted pickets, which retired as our own advanced. The whole of Ripley's command was advanced, forming line of battle across the road at the junction, and having brigades supporting each other to Fisher's house, where my whole division was in reserve. As night came on the troops bivouacked in the woods

