
Embracing reports, etc., received too late for insertion to proper sequence.

JUNE 25-JULY 1, 1862.-Seven-days' Battles.

Report of Major Elisha S. Kellogg, First Connecticut Artillery, of operations June 22-July 5.

CAMP NEAR HARRISON'S BAR, VIRGINIA, July 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor hereby to submit the following report of the batteries under my command from June 22 to July 5, 1862:

In compliance with your orders, Battery F, consisting of fiver 4 1/2-inch Rodman guns, with 250 rounds of ammunition, left White House for camp near Gaines' Mill on the evening of June 22. After proceeding about 5 miles the train was halted for the night on account of the bad road and the extreme darkness, but at daylight it was again in motion and reached camp at 2 p. m. June 23. At 7 p. m. of the same day it was moved to the earthworks already prepared for it on the bluff in the rear of Mr. Hogan's house, subsequently designated as "Battery Porter;" was placed in position during the night, and at 6 a. m. June 24 was in readiness for action. At 6.30 p. m. seven shells were fired and the result pronounced satisfactory. Battery B, consisting of five 30-pounder Parrott guns, with 250 rounds of ammunition, left White House June 23 at 7 p. m., but in consequence of a severe rain was parked for the night after having advanced about 6 miles. At daybreak it again moved forward, and with the exception of one gun, which was left behind under guard (the tongue of the limber having been broken), reached its destination at 12 m. June 24. After a delay of an hour it was moved to earthworks on the left and rear of Dr. Gaines' house, designated as "Battery Sykes," and was immediately placed in position. The remaining gun arrived about 6 p. m., thus rendering the battery complete. At 9.30 a. m. June 25 Battery F opened fire on rebel batteries across the Chickahominy River and also on the houses of Mrs. Price and Dr. Garnett with good effect. An hour later Battery B also opened on Mrs. Price's house and the woods near it, distant 2,600 yards, to which the enemy replied, but at 12.30 p. m. the whole line of rebel batteries was silenced. The firing from both batteries continued at intervals until about 4 p. m., when the

