
About 6 p. m. a heavy fire of shell and musketry opened on the battery, as well as the whole camp, by the enemy posted in the woods directly in front. One gun was immediately brought to bear upon them, while the balance were withdrawn to park by order of General Smith. This gun remained in position nearly an hour under a severe fire, when the enemy having made a charge through the woods, distant about 1,000 yards, it also was withdrawn, together with most of the ammunition, by the detachment which had been working it, as no other transportation could be obtained.

The incessant fire of musketry continuing, and anticipating an attack, I formed Companies B and D (which composed the force attached to Battery B) in line of battle in front of the guns, and ordered them to lie down, as bullets were falling thickly about them. Then advancing to the front to ascertain the situation of affairs, and hearing and officer giving directions to form two companies for the purpose of protecting a bridge leading to the camp, I informed him that I had two companies already in line, and asked as a favor permission from him to occupy the position with my command, which request he kindly granted. Accordingly I moved forward at double-quick to the bridge, and remained until 2 a. m. June 28, when by permission of Colonel Hancock I returned with my command to the guns and bivouacked. At daybreak the balance of the ammunition belonging to Battery F was brought away, and orders having been received to report to Colonel Hunt, the batteries moved forward to his headquarters, near Dr. Trent's house. By him I was instructed to report to General Barry at Savage Station, who ordered me to place Battery B in park on the other side of the railroad and send back sufficient transportation for Battery F, Captain Dow having permitted his teams to be taken away near Trent's house at the command of some other officer. These instructions were immediately complied with; Battery F was brought up and the guns remained in this position until your arrival.

In accordance with your order to proceed to White Oak Bridge and report to General Keyes, the batteries moved forward at 4 p. m., but on reaching the point where the road turns to the left toward White Oak Swamp and finding it completely blocked with wagons, artillery, &amp;c., I halted the train, went forward, accompanied by Major Hemingway (who had joined me with his batteries shortly previous), and reported in person to General Keyes at his headquarters. By him I was instructed to report to General Woodbury, near White Oak Bridge, who ordered me to move across the bridge and encamp about 1 1/2 miles from it to the right in the most convenient place, which was accordingly done, under your direction, and the batteries placed in park about 12 m. June 29.

At 10 a. m. June 30 the batteries proceeded to Turkey Bend, in compliance with your order, and were again parked in an open field to the right of the main road. About 7 p. m., in accordance with instructions received from you, a train was formed, composed of Batteries B and F, together with two 10-pounder Whitworth guns and two 8-inch siege howitzers, which moved forward under command of Major Hemingway to Malvern Hill, distant about 2 1/2 miles.

In order to place the guns in the position assigned them it became necessary to move them up a very steep bluff, which was accomplished by the assistance of three companies with drag-ropes to each gun in addition to the teams. At 7 a. m. July 1 Batteries B and F and the Whitworth guns were in position and ready for action, the howitzer not being called into requisition.

