
About 10 a. m. Batteries B and F opened fire at long range, which continued during the day and was replied to by the rebel batteries. At 6.30 p. m. the enemy having advanced in force and engaged the infantry on the left and in front, I received orders from General Porter (Major Hemingway having been previously called from the field) to withdraw the guns, and accordingly ordered up the teams for them. On being informed that two of the wagoners had gone off with their mules during the brisk fire of musketry that was then going on, I ordered Captain Rockwood with Company E to draw one of the howitzers and Captain Ager with Company K to draw the other.

The guns, together with all the ammunition, were brought safely down the bluff, and reached the camp of the night previous, at Turkey Bend, at 11 p. m., the howitzers having been drawn the whole distance by hand. At daylight July 2 Batteries B and F, together with the two howitzers, moved forward to Harrison's Bar, the rain falling in torrents and rendering the roads almost impassable.

The howitzers were drawn for some distance by Companies E and K, assisted by Company L, when I took two mule teams from a wagon train in the road and attaching them to these two guns relieved the men. Proceeding in this manner, the batteries, with all their implements, ammunition, &amp;c., reached the headquarters of the regiment near Harrison's Bar at 12.30 p. m. July 2.

The officers and men of both batteries have conducted themselves during the extreme hardships and danger to which they have been subjected with the greatest coolness and bravery. Their toilsome marches and arduous labors have been performed not only faithfully but cheerfully, and to my entire satisfaction. Especially must I call to notice the great labor and difficulty attending the placing of the batteries in position on Malvern Hill on the right of June 30, which could only be effected by drawing the guns up an extremely abrupt ascent to the top of the bluff, and which was accomplished only by uniting the efforts of the men with those of the mules. I would also especially mention that Lieutenant Whittelsey, the ordnance officer of the two batteries under my command, rendered me valuable service in procuring transportation, in addition to his other duties, which were performed in a highly creditable manner.

The casualties which have occurred are as follows:

In the action on Golding's Hill, June 27, Sergeant Hyland, Company B, was mortally wounded; Private Copeland, Company D, mortally wounded; Private Weed, Company F, wounded by musket-ball in fleshy part of the leg.

In the action on Malvern Hill, July 1, by the explosion of a shell from a gunboat, which struck in Battery F, Private Goodyear, Company F, was mortally wounded; Privates Sweetland, Murray, and Bodge, Company F, wounded in fleshy part of the leg.

With much respect, sir, I remain, your obedient, humble servant,

ELISHA S. KELLOGG,

Major First Connecticut Artillery.

Colonel ROBERT O. TYLER,

First Connecticut Artillery.

