
and to be followed by General Hooker. I rode back to find General Sumner. After some delay, from the mass of troops in the field, I found him, and learned that the course of action had been determined on; so I returned to my command to give the necessary orders for the destruction of the railroad cars, ammunition, and provisions still remaining on the ground. Lieutenant Norton, of my staff, with some cavalry, set fire to them.

The whole open space near Savage's was crowded with troops - more than I supposed could be brought in action judiciously. An aide from the commanding general had in the morning reported to me to point out a road across the While Oak Swamp starting from the left of General Kearny's position and leading by Brackett's Ford. General Kearny, having also reconnoitered it, sent a portion of his division and his artillery by this road. Feeling it to be impossible for all the troops to retire by the road leading by Savage Statio, I ordered the whole of my corps to take this road, with the exception of Osborn's and Bramhall's batteries. These, at General Smith's request, I directed to report to him, as all his batteries had already retired. I beg to refer to Captain Osborn's report for the particulars of the gallant service rendered by those batteries that afternoon.

The road from General Kearny's left across White Oak Swamp soon forked, one going by Jourdan's Ford, another by Fisher's, and a third by Brackett's, the latter alone practicable for artillery. The first was occupied by a force of the enemy. After he was repulsed General Berry's brigade crossed by Fisher's Ford and the rest of the troops by Brackett's. The advance of the column reached the Charles City road at 6.30 p.m. and the rear at 10 p.m. without accident. We found General Sykes' troops holding the point at which the road terminated. General Berry's brigade entered the Charles City road some distance in advance.

I repaired to general headquarters and reported, where I remained until the next morning, when I received instructions where to post my division.

In the morning June 30 I sent and destroyed the bridge at Brackett's Ford, and gave orders to fell trees across that road, as well as to obstruct the Charles City road in the same manner.

After the commanding general passed on his way to James River he sent back an aide to inform me that General Sedgwick's division was close in rear of my corps, with instructions to furnish me with

re-enforcements, if needed.

The left of General Slocum's division was to extend to the Charles City road, at a point a short distance in front of the debouche of the Brackett's Ford road; General Kearny's right to connect with General Slocum's left, and to extend across to the left Long Bridge road, which branches some 2 miles in advance into the Central and New Market roads. Beyond this was to be General Hooker's division. The object was to cover the Quaker road, upon which our wagons and artillery were crossing to James River.

General Kearny's division took up a strong position very favorable for an advance upon Richmond, but much too far forward for the object we had in view. After much difficulty I got this division into its proper position. In the mean time General McCall's division took post to the left of the Long Bridge road, in communication with General Kearny's left. General Hooker was then forced to move still farther to the left and connect with the left of General McCall. This is the reason why General Hooker's division was not in its proper position. These delays

