
department to comply with said order in the shortest practicable time, and to perfect such arrangements as would enable it to keep the lines in repair under any and all circumstances. It was impossible for this department to keep and accurate account of the persons and material transported, as whole corps and even armies, whit all their artillery and equipments, were moved upon verbal orders from commanders sometimes hundreds of miles, and frequently in face of the enemy. As an illustration, one of the largest movements of this character was that of the Fourth Army Corps in 1865 from Carter's Station, in East Tennessee, to Nashville, 373 miles, and which employed 1,498 cars.

Accompanying this report is a map showing the different lines operated in the United States by the Military Railroad Department during the war.*

In conclusion, permit me to say that the Government was peculiarly fortunate in securing the services of civilian officers of great nerve, honesty, and capability, to whom the whole country owes a debt of gratitude.

Among them I take the liberty of naming as principal assistants A. Anderson, chief superintendent and engineer; Colonel W. W. Wright, chief engineer of the Military Division of the Mississippi, and chief engineer and general superintendent in the Department of North Carolina; J. J. Moore, general superief engineer of railroads in Virginia; E. L. Wentz, general superintendent and chief engineer of railroads in Virginia, and afterward for a time general superintendent of railroads in the Division of the Mississippi; W. J. Stevens, general superintendent of U. S. Military Railroads, Division of the Mississippi; L. H. Eicholtz, acting chief engineer Military Division of the Mississippi during the absence of Colonel W. W. Wright in North Carolina; A. F. Goodhue, engineer and superintendent military railroads, West Tennessee and Arkansas. Also the following commissioned officers: Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Robinson, assistant quartermaster, Washington, D. C.; Bvt. Major F. J. Crilly, assistant quartermaster, Nashville, Tenn., and Captain G. S. Roper, commissary of subsistence, Nashville, Tenn.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McCALLUM,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Director and General Manager

U. S. Military Railroads.

---------------

* Inclosed in pocket at end of present volume.

---------------

