
The following were the orders issued to complete the series necessary to take out of service all the remaining volunteer forces mentioned in the foregoing statement, amounting to 231,101:

December 11, 1865.- All white troops in the Departments of Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, leaving the aggregate force- including regulars-in the said departments 7,000 men.

December 30.-All volunteers in the Department of the East, all in the Middle Department except 1,500, and all in the Department of Virginia except 2,500.

December 30.-All troops in the Military Division of the Tennessee whose terms of service would expire in February, 1866, and in addition, the force in the Department of the Tennessee to be reduced to 4,000 men.

December 30.- The force of white troops in the Military Division of the Gulf to be reduced to 10,000 men, and the force of black troops to 10,000.

In case of the public interest not warranting so great a reduction, the figures indicated to be approached as nearly as possible.

January 9, 1866.-All volunteer troops in the Department of Virginia.

March 15.-The force of colored troops in the Military Division of the Tennessee, so as to leave for the respective military departments as follows: Kentucky, two regiments; Tennessee, four regiments; Georgia, one regiment; Alabama, two regiments; Mississippi, four regiments.

March 15.- All colored troops in the Department of South Carolina except one regiment.

March 15.- All colored troops in the Department of Florida except one regiment.

March 15.-All colored troops in the Department of Washington except one regiment.

March 15.-All colored troops in the Military Division of the Mississippi except four regiments.

April.-All volunteers, both white and colored, in the Military Division of the Tennessee; this under discretionary authority given the commanding general of that division.

May 18.-All remaining white volunteers in the Military Division of the Gulf, Department of North Carolina, and Department of South Carolina.

July 11.-All the remaining officers and men of the First Army Corps (Hancock's).

From time to time, as the troops could be dispensed with, thirty- nine regiments in addition to the foregoing were ordered to be mustered out.

The movement homeward commenced May 29, 1865, and hat it been possible to spare all the volunteers in service the entire number, 1,034,064, could easily have been disbanded and returned to their homes within three months from that date.

The annexed table, marked C, shows the whole force mustered out since May 1, 1865, properly classified.

The recruitment of white volunteers was under the exclusive control of the Adjutant-General from the first call for troops until May 1, 1863, when it was placed under the Provost-Marshal- General, who, being by law charged with the enrollment and draft, was charged also with enlistment, that the entire recruiting service for white volunteers might be under one head.

