
The points herein noticed may have been already fully considered and decided upon, but as they are included in the letter of my instructions for my present duty, I make the suggestions, with a strong impression of the importance of early action in the matter.

I am, very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 137. Washington, August 31, 1865.

The following proclamations of the President of the United States in relation to restrictions on trade are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

I. August 29, 1865.-Removing restrictions on articles contraband of war.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, by my proclamations of the thirteenth and twenty-fourth of June, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, removing restrictions, in part, upon internal, domestic, and coastwise intercourse and trade with those States recently declared in insurrection, certain articles were excepted from the effect of said proclamations as contraband of war; and whereas, the necessity for restricting trade in said articles has now, in a great measure, ceased: It is hereby ordered that on and after the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and sixty- five, all restrictions aforesaid be removed, so that the articles declared by the said proclamations to be contraband of war may be imported into and sold in said States, subject only to such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this twenty-ninth day of August, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-ninth [ninetieth].

[L. S.]

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

II. June 13, 1865.-Removing restrictions on trade east of the Mississippi River, and declaring insurrection suppressed in Tennessee, and certain disabilities in that State removed.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, by my proclamation of the twenty-ninth of April,* one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, all restrictions upon internal, domestic, and commercial intercourse, with certain exceptions therein specified and set forth, were removed "in such parts of the States of Tennessee, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and so much of Louisiana as lies east of the Mississippi, and so much of Louisiana as lies east of the Mississippi River as shall be embraced within the lines of national military occupation;"

And whereas, by my proclamation of the twenty-second of May, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five reasons therein given, it was declared that certain ports of the United States which had been previously closed against foreign commerce should, with certain specified exceptions, be reopened to such commerce on and after the first day of July next, subject to the laws of the United States, and in pursuance of such regulations as might be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.

And whereas, I am satisfactorily informed that dangerous combinations against the laws of the United States no longer exist within the State of Tennessee; that the insurrection heretofore existing within said State has been suppressed; that within

*Executive order; see p. 105.

