
sacrificed in defense of our national existence. The average cost of the removals and reinterments already accomplished is reported at $9.75, amounting in the aggregate to $1,144,791, and it is believed that an additional expenditure of $1,609,294 will be necessary. It is proposed, instead of the wooden headboards heretofore used, to erect at the graves small monuments of cast iron, suitably protected by zinc coating against rust. Six lists of the dead, containing 32,666 names, have been published by the Quartermaster-General, and others will be issued as rapidly as they can be prepared.

Documents submitted by the chiefs of bureaus and accompanying this report contain detailed information relative to the operations of the War Department and the requirements of its respective branches. The total estimate of military appropriations for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, is $25,205,669.60.

The Adjutant-General's Office has immediate supervision of recruiting for the Regular Army and disbanding the volunteer force, and charge also of the records and unfinished business of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, which in accordance with act of July 28, 1866, was discontinued on August 28. Arrangements have been made for the prompt settlement of the undetermined questions formerly pertaining to that Bureau and for the removal to Washington of the records of its officers in the various States. The estimated appropriation required for the purposes of the Adjutant-General's Office is $300,000.

The officers of the Inspector-General's Department are now those of the regular establishment, and they are all engaged in their legitimate duties of stated and special inspections. No appropriation in required for this service.

In the Bureau of Military Justice during the past year 8,148 records of courts-martial and military commissions have been received, reviewed, and filed; 4,008 special reports made as to the regularity of judicial proceedings, the pardon of military offenders, the remission or commutation of sentences, and upon the miscellaneous subjects and questions referred for the opinion of the Bureau, including also letters of instruction upon military law and practice to judge-advocates and reviewing officers. The number of records of military courts received at this Bureau reached a minimum soon after the adoption of the recent Army act, and since that time has increased with the military force. The other business of the office, as an advisory branch of the War Department, will also, it is believed, continue to be augmented until the peace establishment shall be completely organized and the new Army fully recruited; and the fact that in a large number of important cases commanders of departments and armies are not authorized to execute sentences in time of peace, and that such cases can no longer be summarily disposed of without a reference to the Executive, will also require from the Bureau a very considerable number of reports which heretofore have not been called for. Its aggregate business will, it is thought, not be reduced in proportion to the reduction of the military force.

In the Quartermaster's Department the returns and accounts of officers examined and transmitted to the Treasury for final settlement. The erection of the fireproof warehouse at Philadelphia, for which Congress made an appropriation on July 28, will be commenced so soon as the proposals now invited by public advertisement shall have

