
Maryland and the District of Columbia. Under the new law Maryland and Kentucky are embraced, and these States seem to require aid from the Bureau in promoting the interests of justice and education. In the Northern cities employment offices, of little expense to the Government, and not a source of revenue, have been established with a view to obtained work and homes for dependent freed people and to relieve crowded localities. The importance of self-support has been urged by proper means upon the laboring classes. Wages have been determined not by orders of Bureau officers, but by circumstances ordinarily affecting the price of labor in different localities. The education of freedmen and refugees has been carried on vigorously under the immediate patronage of benevolent societies. A superintendent of education, devoting his whole time to his work, is stationed at the Bureau headquarters in each State, and all Bureau officers co-operate with him. It is estimated that 150,000 freedmen and their children are now attending schools in the Southern States, Schools for refugee white children are also established. Their formation is everywhere encouraged by the Bureau. There has been but little uniformity of action in different States in respect to the administration of justice. Assistant commissioners have been instructed to transfer military jurisdiction as rapidly as possible to State judicial tribunals. This has been done completely in some States, while in Virginia, Louisiana, and Texas Bureau courts are still in existence. A claim division, instituted in March last, and aided by officers and agents throughout the States, has sought to prevent frauds upon colored soldiers in their efforts to collect unpaid claims. One hundred and ninety-five claims were paid through the office of the Commissioner, 723 rejected at his office, 1,532 are in process adjustment. The aggregate amount collected and paid is $10,539.09. Detailed reports are given of the operations of the Bureau in each State and the District of Columbia. Transportation is reported as furnished to 6,352 destitute freed people and 387 refugees. Thirteen million four hundred and twelve thousand two hundred and seventy-three rations were issued between June 1, 1865, and September 1, 1866. The average number per month to refugees and freedmen was 894,569; the average number per day, 29,819. The issue to whites increased until June 30, 1866, when issued to freedmen and refugees were about equal. From June 30, 1866, until September 1 the number supported of both classes has diminished. Rigid scrutiny has been exercised to prevent issues to any but the absolutely destitute, and parts of the ration not actually needed were cut off. Officers were directed to hold each plantation, county, parish, and town responsible for the care of its own poor, but to very little purpose, for with few exceptions the State authorities have failed to contribute to the relief of the class of persons supported by the Government. Owing to the failure of crops the requirements of Circular 10, of August 22, could not be rigidly enforced. Upon the application of State officials special issues are being made to certain States for the support of their pauper population. Rations are sold to teachers and agents of benevolent societies under the same rules that apply to such purchase made by commissioned officers. Bureau hospitals receive the usual freedmen's ration. The amount of land now in possession of the Bureau is 272,231 acres, to be increased by 228 tracts in Tennessee, of which the number of acres has not been reported. The aggregate number of parcels of town property, not included in the above, which have been

