
2. Organizations from the same State will be consolidated with each other.

3. All supernumerary commissioned and non-commissioned officers will be mustered out of the date the consolidation of their respective commands is made.

4. The commissioned and non-commissioned officers to be retained, not exceeding the legal number, will be selected by army and department commanders.

5. The proper commissaries of musters and their assistants will be charged, under existing regulations, with the prompt execution of the details.

III. Corps and department commanders will see that the work is pushed with energy, and executed accurately and promptly, using to this end division and brigade commanders to superintend it, with their respective staff officers, to aid the mustering officer in collecting the necessary data for the transfer rolls (see Circular Numbers 64, series of 1864, Adjutant-General's Office), muster-out rolls, and other necessary discharge papers, as well as the preparation of the same.

IV. Horses and other public property rendered surplus by the reduction in the forces will be turned over to and cared for by the proper officers of the supply departments concerned.

V. Regimental and company records, rendered no longer necessary, will be taken charge of by the proper commissary of musters and forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The records of each company or regiment must be arranged by themselves, and the package containing them marked distinctly with the contents.

VI. Commissaries of musters and their assistants will be held responsible that the necessary rolls are delivered and forwarded to their destination without unnecessary delay.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 84. Washington, May 8, 1865.

BALANCES OF BOUNTIES PAYABLE TO VOLUNTEERS WHEN HONORABLY MUSTERED OUT AND DISCHARGED, ON ACCOUNT OF THE GOVERNMENT NO LONGER REQUIRING THEIR SERVICES.

I. Veterans who enlisted under the provision of General Orders, Numbers 191, series of 1863, from this office, and the extensions thereof (General Orders, Numbers 324 and 387, of 1863; 20 and 92, of 1864), and recruits (not veterans) who enlisted for three years or the war, under the provisions of the circular letter of October 24, 1863, from the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, and its modifications, are, on their Honorable muster out and discharge from the service of the United States before the expiration of their respective terms of enlistment, entitled to the unpaid balances of the bounties promised them by the orders and laws under which they enlisted.

II. A volunteer accepted and mustered into service under the act of July 4, 1864 (General Orders, Numbers 224, Adjutant-General's Office, 1864), whether for the term of one, two, or three years, is, on muster out of service before the expiration of the term of service for which he enlisted, entitled only to receive the proportion of the bounty

