
Generals commanding districts.-Two aides-de-camp, to be selected from officers of their commands.

II. General officers without military command are not allowed aides-de-camp or other staff officers.

III. All officers serving on the staff of general officers not included in the above allowance will be immediately relieved from such duty. The officers of the regular and volunteer regiments so relieved will be ordered to join their regiments without delay, and the staff officers of volunteers will be ordered to their homes to report thence by letter to the Adjutant-General for instructions.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 146. Washington, October 9, 1865.

The allowance of means of transportation at all posts east of the Mississippi and immediately west of the Mississippi will be-

For posts garrisoned by one company, and for every two companies at a post, one four-mule wagon.

All other public animals, wagons, spring wagons, and ambulances will be immediately turned in and disposed of by the Quartermaster's Department.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 149. Washington, October 14, 1865.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, by a proclamation of the fifth day of July, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, the President of the United States, when civil was flagrant, and when combinations were in progress in Kentucky for the purpose of inciting insurgent raids into that States, directed that the proclamation suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus should be made effectual in Kentucky, and that martial law should be established there, and continue until said proclamation should be revoked or modified; and whereas, since then the danger from insurgent raids into Kentucky has substantially passed away:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution, do hereby declare that the said proclamation of the fifth day of july, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, shall be, and is hereby, modified in so far that martial law shall be no longer in force in Kentucky from and after the date hereof.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this twelfth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the ninetieth.

[L. S.]

ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President:

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary of State.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

