
This calculation is made on the basis of forty-two privates to a company at all but frontier posts. The total strength, upon the basis of 100 enlisted men to a company, would be 1,570 officers, 45,751 men.

By existing acts of Congress the strength of companies is limited to the following number of private soldiers:

The ten old regiments of infantry and four old regiments of artillery-forty-two privates per company (act of August 23, 1842), except when serving on the Western frontier, or at remote and distant stations, when the allowance is seventy-four privates per company. (Act June 17, 1850.)

The nine new regiments of infantry, three battalions each of eight companies-eighty-two privates per company. (Act July 29, 1861.)

Eight light artillery companies-sixty-four privates per company. (Act June 17, 1850.)

Twelve companies of the Fifth Artillery-122 privates per company. (Act July 29, 1861.)

Six regiments of cavalry, each twelve companies-seventy-eight privates per company. (Act July 17, 1862.)

There is no good reason for such dissimilarity in the several organizations, and much inconvenience really arises from it. A company of forty-two privates is not sufficient for the ordinary duties of a garrison, and 122 privates are not needed except for a battery of six pieces serving in the field. It is recommended that all companies of the Regular Army be allowed 100 enlisted men as the maximum standard, leaving to the War Department to regulate the strength of companies within that limits as may be demanded by the nature of the service at the various stations. It is not probable that this maximum would often be reached, but emergencies sometimes arise when it becomes a matter of great importance, and also of economy, to have large companies instead of mere platoons for immediate active duty.

STATIONS OF THE REGULAR ARMY.

The following is the present disposition of the regular artillery regiments:

SECOND U. S. ARTILLERY.

On the Pacific coast.

THIRD U. S. ARTILLERY.

Fort Sullivan, Eastport, Me., one company.

Fort Preble, Portland, Me., one company.

Fort Constitution, Portsmouth, N. H., one company.

Fort Warren, Boston, Mass., the regimental headquarters and three companies.

Fort Independence, Boston, Mass., one company.

Fort Adams, Newport, R. I., three companies.

One light battery, C, Division of the Mississippi.

One light battery, E, Department of North Carolina.

Detachments from some of these companies will be placed at the unfinished forts and batteries along the coast near their stations.

FIRST U. S. ARTILLERY.

Fort Trumbull, New London, Conn., one company.

Fort Schuyler, N. Y., three companies.

Fort Lafayette, New York Harbor, one company.

