
Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor, the regimental headquarters and two companies.

Fort Richmond and Batteries Hudson and Morton, New York Harbor, two companies.

Sandy Hook, N. J., one company.

One light battery
One light battery Division of the Gulf.

FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY.

Fort Delaware, Del., two companies.

Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md., two companies.

Fort Washington, Md., the regimental headquarters and one company.

Fort Foote, Md., one company.

Forts around Washington, four companies.

One light battery
One light battery Division of the Mississippi.

FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY.

Fort Monroe, Old Point Comfort, Va., the regimental headquarters and four companies.

Fort Taylor, Key West, Fla., two companies.

Fort Jefferson, Dry Tortugas, Fla., four companies.

One light battery, F, Department of Virginia.

One light battery, G, Division of the Mississippi.

All the companies, except two of each regiment of artillery, have been dismounted, and their horses and batteries turned over to the proper staff departments. The dismounted companies have been assigned to permanent fortifications on the sea-board. The two batteries in each regiment are retained under the provisions of the acts of March 2, 1821, and March 3, 1847.

All sea-coast fort south of Forth Monroe, except Forts Taylor and Jefferson, Fla., are to be garrisoned by colored troops.

OF THE CAVALRY REGIMENTS.

The First, Fourth, and Sixth Regiments are assigned to the Division of the Gulf in the Southwest.

The Second and Third Regiments to the Division of the Missouri.

The Fifth Regiment is divided between the Department of Washington, the Middle Department, and the Division of the Tennessee.

The single-battalion infantry regiments are assigned as follows:

FOURTH U. S. INFANTRY.

Fort Brady, Sault Ste. Marie, Mich., two companies.

Fort Wayne, Detroit, Mich., the regimental headquarters and two companies.

Fort Niagara, N. Y., one company.

Fort Ontario, Oswego, N. Y., one company.

Madison Barracks, Sackett's Harbor, N. Y., two companies.

Rouse's Point, N. Y., two companies.

The First Regiment U. S. Infantry is in the Department of Louisiana.

9 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

