
allowed by the act cited, whether one-third or two-thirds thereof, which had actually accrued before the date of his discharge.

For instance, if the soldier volunteered for two years and is mustered out before the expiration of the first year of his service, he cannot claim either the second or third installments of the bounty of $200, which would have been payable to him had he continued in the service till the expiration of the two years for which he enlisted.

Only the volunteer who at the time of his discharge has completed one-half the term of service for which he enlisted is entitled to the second installment of one-third the amount of bounty given to him by the act, and he is entitled to no more of that bounty. If he is discharged on the next day after the expiration of one-half of his term of enlistment, the second installment of the bounty is due and payable to him, but the discharge precludes him from receiving a third installment, that being due only to a volunteer who may have served his entire term of enlistment.

III. In discharging men from service mustering officers will note the balances of bounties due on the muster-out rolls opposite the names of the soldiers respectively. Great care must be exercised in doing this. Prior to payment paymasters will carefully re- examine the rolls, with the view of detecting errors in amounts thereon noted.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 8, 1865.

ALL DEPT. COMMANDERS AND CHIEF MUSTERING OFFICERS:

The Veteran Reserve Corps is excepted from the operations of the telegram of the 3rd instant, discharging patients in hospitals, &amp;c.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., May 8, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel W. H. SIDELL,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Louisville, Ky.:

The Secretary of War directs that recruiting be continued until June 1, 1865, for the following regiments of colored troops: The Seventy-second, One hundred and nineteenth, One hundred and twentieth, One hundred and twenty-first Colored Infantry, the Sixth Colored Cavalry, and the Fourth and Thirteenth Colored Artillery, none of these regiments, however, to be recruited beyond the maximum authorized by law. Require weekly reports to be made of the number of men obtained under this authorization.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Washington City, May 9, 1865.

Ordered:

1. That all acts and proceedings of the political, military, and civil organizations which have been in a state of insurrection and rebellion

