
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set any hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

[L. S.] ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President:

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 86. Washington, May 9, 1865.

LISTS TO BE MADE OF VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.

For the information of the War Department, lists will at once be prepared and forwarded of all officers in the volunteer service, made out separately for each arm of the service and each branch of the staff, showing the relative merit of the officers in their regiments or departments, as determined by boards of officers, to be appointed for the purpose by corps and other independent commanders. The reports of the boards will include the names of all officers belonging to a particular command, whether present or absent; and in the cases of the absent officers the reports will be based upon the best information attainable. The reports will also state what officers, in the opinion of the boards, should be discharged.

These lists will be forwarded through the prescribed channel, and the several commanders through whom they may be transmitted will indorse thereon their recommendations, based on their own knowledge of the character of the officers.

The lists will specify the rank and arm for which the officer is deemed competent, and whether he desires to remain in the military service. For all officers below the grade of colonel these lists will be consolidated and arranged by brigade, division, and corps commanders (or independent commands of less than a corps), so as to include all officers in the corps.

The lists, of colonels, generals, and staff offices will also be consolidated at army or department and military division headquarters.

In addition to the lists thus furnished through the ordinary military channels, the chiefs of staff departments at Washington will at once obtain from their subordinates similar lists, conveniently consolidated, and forward them to this Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 87. Washington, May 9, 1865.

CONVENING ENGINEER PROPERTY AND LABOR ON FIELD-WORKS.

Army and department commanders will at once cause to be collected and stored, at convenient depots, all tools, siege material, bridge equipage, and other engineer property not absolutely needed for immediate service with troops, and have inventories of property so collected forwarded to the Chief Engineer of the Army, with recommendation for its disposal. The latter will give the necessary instructions.

