
bering 7,630 specimens, furnish a mass of valuable information which is being rapidly arranged and tabulated as a medical and surgical history of the war, for the publication of the first volumes of which an appropriation will be asked.

In this connection and as illustrating more in detail the importance of this work the Army Medical Museum assumes the highest value. By its array of indisputable facts, supported and enriched by full reports, it supplies instruction otherwise unattainable and preserves for future application the dearly- bought experience of four years of war. Apart from its great usefulness it is also an Honorable record of the skill and services of those medical officers whose contributions constitute its value and whose incentive to these self-imposed labors has been the desire to elevate their profession. A small appropriation has been asked to continue and extend this collection.

During the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, an Army Medical Board was appointed to meet in Cincinnati, Ohio, on the 18th day of October, 1864, for the examination of candidates for the medical staff of the Army and of assistant surgeons of that corps for promotion. Nine applicants for admission into the medical staff were invited to present themselves before this board. Of this number two were fully examined and approved, one withdraw before his examinations were concluded, two were rejected as unqualified, and four failed to appear. Six assistant surgeons were examined for promotion and found qualified. Two assistant surgeons were reported for re-examination. Of the approved candidates two have been appointed assistant surgeons.

Boards have been in session at New York; Washington, D. C.; Hilton Head, S. C.; New Orleans, La.; Memphis, Tenn.; Little Rock, Ark., and Cincinnati, Ohio, for the examination of candidates for appointment in the volunteer medical staff. One hundred and fifty-two candidates were invited before these boards, fifty-eight of whom passed satisfactory examinations and were appointed accordingly. The remainder were rejected, failed to appear, or withdrew before examination was completed. These boards were discontinued in June, 1865.

The casualties in this corps since June 30, 1864, are as follows: Appointed, 96; promoted, 40; restored, 2; resigned, 32; declined, 1; died 7; dismissed, 3; discharged, 3; dropped, 1; mustered out, 19; canceled, 7.

Boards for the examination of candidates for appointment as medical officers to colored troops have been in session permanently at Boston, New York, Washington, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Saint Louis, and at such other points from time to time as the necessities of the service demanded.

In nearly all sections of the country the health of the troops has been fully equal to that of the preceding years, though military movements of unprecedented magnitude have been pushed to successful termination without regard to seasons. An epidemic of yellow fever prevailed in New Berne, N. C., in September, October, and November, 1864, causing 278 death among the troops stationed there, of whom 571 were attacked. The released or exchanged prisoners arriving at Wilmington, N. C., from rebel prisons suffered from an epidemic to typhoid fever, which, however, was arrested by strict attention to hygienic rules and prompt transfer to Northern hospitals. With these to note that quarantine regulations strictly enforced by military authority have proven, during the occupation of Southern sea-ports and cities by our troops, to be an absolute protection against the

