
In regard to Iowa men in regiments from other States, I would refer to the correspondence heretofore had with your headquarters on the subject, and in which the principle was enunciated that no such credits could be allow, except on an adjustment between the Governors of the States concerned. All troops regularly reported from October 1, 1864, to May 20, 1865, have been duly credited, and the records of the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State should bear evidence of the fact. Your letter of August 9, with a copy of this, has been referred to the Provost- Marshal-General of the United States for his action.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

List of volunteer organizations which have been, or are ordered to be, mustered out of service, not included in previous circulars.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, October 24, 1865.

Connecticut.-Infantry: Twenty-ninth (Colored).

District of Columbia.-Cavalry: First.

Florida.-Cavalry: First. Second and First East, consolidated with First Cavalry.

Illinois.-Infantry: Fifty-fourth. Cavalry: Sixth, Seventh, Ninth. Men of Ninety-fifth Infantry remaining in service, transferred to Forty-seventh Infantry-latter still in service.

Indiana.-Cavalry: Companies L and M, Fifth. This completes the muster out of the regiment.

Missouri. Cavalry: Fourth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth.

Michigan.-Cavalry: Tenth.

Massachusetts.-Cavalry: Fourth, Fifth (Colored).

New York.-Infantry: One hundred and fifty-sixth, One hundred and sixtieth, One hundred and sixty-first, and One hundred and seventy-third. Cavalry: Second Veteran, Fourth Provisional.

New Jersey.-Cavalry: Second.

Ohio.-Infantry: One hundred and ninety-fourth. Cavalry: Fifth and Twelfth.

Pennsylvania.-Artillery: Third Heavy. Cavalry: Third Provisional.

Rhode Island.-Cavalry: Third.

U. S. Colored Troops.-Infantry: Second, Third, Eighth, Twenty- second, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-first, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-third, Forty-fifth, Seventy-third, Seventy-third, Seventy- fourth, Seventy-seventh, One hundred and sixth, One hundred and twenty-third, One hundred and twenty-fourth, One hundred and twenty-seventh, One hundred and thirty-fifth. One company Pioneers. Artillery: Thirteenth Heavy.

NOTE.-Seventy-third Infantry has been heretofore reported consolidated with Ninety-sixth U. S. Colored Troops. Seventy- seventh Infantry has been heretofore reported consolidated with the Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery. One hundred and sixth Infantry has been heretofore reported consolidated with Fortieth U. S. Colored Troops.

