
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 155. Washington, October 26, 1865.

ORDER FOR DISCHARGING CERTAIN OFFICERS AND MEN OF THE VETERAN RESERVE CORPS.

In view of the very numerous and pressing applications for discharge by members of the Veteran Reserve Corps, department commanders will cause all organizations of that corps within the geographical limits of their command to be paraded before a general or general staff officer as soon after the receipt of this order as practicable.

Any general or general staff officer on duty within the limits of the department whose services can be spared may be detailed for this purpose. The officer will question each officer and enlisted man so paraded as to whether he wishes to be discharged or to remain in the service, and will make out separate lists of those who wish a discharge and of those who wish to remain in service. Each list will then be read before the officers and men, who will have an opportunity to correct it, so that it will be a true expression of their wishes on the subject. The officer will visit all those who may be absent from the parade, and in a similar manner obtain their wishes and enter their names on the proper rolls.

The rolls of officers and men who wish to be discharged will then be turned over to the proper commissary of musters, who will immediately muster out of service those whose names are on the rolls of such as desire discharge. He will obtain from regimental officers the necessary data, and complete the rolls of those who desire to remain in service, so as to exhibit their rank and degree of disability. These rolls, when completed, will be forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

Names of officers and men belonging to different companies or regiments will not be borne on the same rolls in any of the above cases. The rolls of those who wish to remain in service, as well as those who wish for discharge, will be made on the prescribed blanks for muster and descriptive rolls, and will contain full information according to the form of the blank.

Department commanders will see that this order is executed with promptness.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 47. Washington, October 26, 1865.

The credit of recruits and re-enlisted men of the Regular Army to the quota of the States, Territories, and the District of Columbia, required to be made by Circular Numbers 7, February 16, 1865, from this office, will be discontinued from and after November 1, 1865, and all reports required by said circular to be forwarded to this office, and to the Governors and assistant provost-marshal-general of States and Territories, will cease to be rendered from and after that date.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

