
STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, October 27, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I inclose an application of Major L. G. Marshall, commanding Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, to have this regiment mustered out of the U. S. service.*

I have already, by my letter of the 16th ultimo, expressed so fully my views of this whole case-the detention of volunteers in a service not contemplated by themselves when they enlisted, nor yet authorized by the acts of Congress-that I do not think it now necessary to repeat my reasons for these opinions and their consequent demand.

I should have been pleased to have been informed of the views and intentions of your Department in regard to the Ohio Volunteers now in the service, in order to have conformed my own action, if consistent with duty to these citizens, to the designs and convenience of your Department. As it is, having failed apparently in procuring an assent to my demand for the prompt discharge of all, I can only forward their applications in detail.

Very respectfully,

CHARLES ANDERSON,

Governor of Ohio.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION:

Whereas, it has pleased Almighty God, during the year which is now coming to an end, to relieve our beloved country from the fearful scourge of civil war, and to permit us to secure the blessings of peace, unity, and harmony, with a great enlargement of civil iberty;

And whereas, our Heavenly Father has also during the year graciously averted from us the calamities of foreign war, pestilence, and famine, while our granaries are full of the fruits of an abundant season;

And whereas, righteousness exhaled a nation, while sin is a reproach to any people:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, do hereby recommend to the people thereof that they do set apart and observe the first Thursday of December next as a day of national thanksgiving to the Creator of the universe for these great deliverance and blessings.

And I do further recommend that on that occasion the whole people make confession of our national sins against His infinite goodness, and with one heart and one mind import the Divine guidance in the ways of nation virtue and holiness.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this twenty-eighth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the ninetieth.

[L. S.]

ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

11 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

