
On the morning of the 24th of October two new redoubts were ordered to be thrown up at points he had previously selected, the one between the Norfolk road and the Avery house, the other near the Friend house, from both of which positions command was had over the main line of works. These were sufficiently far advanced for the movement ordered to commence on the afternoon of the 26th. The latter, in which the greater part of the army participated, continued through the 27th and 28th, extending west across Hatcher's Run, and reaching along the south of it as far as the Boydton plank road where the latter crosses the stream at Burgess" Mill.

During the afternoon of the last day the different commands returned to their old camps. The engineer troops were then engaged along the entire line, in repairing damages, adding obstructions, driving galleries, and in every conceivable way rendering the line as strong as possible.

On the 7th of November he was directed by the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac "to furnish General Benham, commanding defenses of City Point, with the project of the line of intrenchments from Prince George Court-House to Old Court- House, and also to indicate what was necessary to be done to connect the right of that line with the rear intrenchments resting on the Black-water."

In consequence of a contemplated movement he had been compelled to suspend work upon that section of the defensive line, and it construction was subsequently turned over to the above-named officer.

By the 12th of the same month, the lines being completed, both as regards their external and internal arrangements, the following extract from Special Orders, Numbers 306, headquarters Army of the Potomac, of the same date, was issued for the information of all concerned:

The attention of corps commanders is called to the necessity of preserving, in good order, the intrenchments front and rear, with the abatis, slashing, and other defenses.

* * * * *

The chief engineer officer will inspect the lines, both front and rear, from time to time, and report to these headquarters any failure to keep the same in good order, or any destruction of the defenses.

From this time forward the engineer troops were principally occupied during the winter in attending to the needed repairs of the forts and batteries, in keeping in order the several corduroy roads, in overhauling and placing in good condition the pontoon trains, in constructing huts for winter quarters, and in building stabling for the large number of animals required for the transportation of the tool and bridge.

The temporary quiet of the army was again interrupted for several days. On the 6th of December, by direction of the commanding general, an engineer officer, with a battalion of engineer troops and 150 feet of canvas bridging, was directed to accompany the Fifth Corps during the movement of the latter south along the Weldon railroad, and subsequently all, both regular and volunteer, were called upon to be under arms to take part in the same operation. Orders were issued at the same time that all camps located, as well as huts, corrals, or other structures erected in the vicinity of the lines of defense, either in front or rear, which, in the judgment of the engineer, interfered with the proper defense of the works, should be immediately

12 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

