
furnished by the shortest practicable route, unless a different one is designated in the order. When transportation is specifically demanded by a proper officer by a longer route, the reason must be given in the bill of lading, and payment will be made according to the length of the route designated, the officer being held to a strict accountability for his requisition.

XII. Quartermasters will be governed in the settlement of claims for transportation by railroad by the rates and classification of the circular of the Quartermaster-General dated May 1, 1862, and all transportation must be settled at the points designated in General Orders, Numbers 18, Quartermaster-General's Office, March 16, 1865.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Brigadier General and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the President of the United States by his proclamation of the nineteenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, did declare certain States therein mentioned in insurrection against the Government of the United States; and

Whereas, armed resistance to the authority of this Government in the said insurrectionary States may be regarded as virtually at an end, and the persons by whom that resistance, as well as the operations of insurgent cruisers, was directed, are fugitives or captives; and

Whereas, it is understood that some of these cruisers and still infesting the high seas, and others are preparing to capture, burn, and destroy vessels of the United States:

Now, therefore, be it know that I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, hereby enjoin all naval, military, and civil officers of the United States diligently to endeavor, by all lawful means, to arrest the said cruisers and to bring them into a port of the United States, in order that they may be prevented from committing further depredations on commerce, and that the persons and board of them may no longer enjoy impunity for their crimes.

And I do further proclaim and declare that if, after a reasonable time shall have elapsed for this proclamation to become known in the ports of nations claiming to have been neutrals, the said insurgent cruisers and the persons on board of them shall continue to receive hospitality in the said ports, this Government will deem itself justified in refusing hospitality to the public vessels of such nations in ports of the United States, and in adopting such other measures as may be deemed advisable toward vindicating the national sovereignty.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this tenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-ninth.

[L. S.] ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President:

W. HUNTER,

Acting Secretary of State.

