
The wagon train stuck fast in the mud. The cavalry had to be sent back by divisions to the terminus of the military railroad to replenish their supplies of rations, the wagons not being able to come up to them.

During the night of the 30th the Second Corps extended it front to the left along the Boydton plank road, resting its flank on Gravelly Run. On the morning of the following day an unsuccessful effort was made by the Fifth Corps to drive the enemy from the White Oak road; subsequently, upon being re-enforced, the attack was renewed and possession gained of that road.

Toward evening the cavalry had repulsed and held in check, in front of Dinwiddie Court-House, a superior force of the enemy. During the night of that day, the 31st, the Fifth Corps was sent to the assistance of the cavalry. From the commencement of the movement he had accompanied the commanding general over different parts of the field in readiness to execute such instructions as might be given, and on the 1st of April, by his direction, rode along and inspected the lines from Hatcher's Run toward the west. The evening of that day witnessed a most brilliant engagement on the left, in which both the cavalry and the Fifth Corps participated, the enemy along that immediate front having been completely routed.

This glorious news was communicated throughout the army, and orders were issued that a simultaneous attack should be made at different points along the entire length of the intrenched line at 4 o"clock on the following morning. The grand assault of the 2nd of April was made, and the exterior line of the enemy's works penetrated and possession gained of the larger portion of them.

The enemy having been pierced at his center and divided, one portion was driven within an interior line of works immediately encircling the city, and the other moved off from the White Oak along the Claiborne road, rapidly pursued by a division of the Second corps. The line of the army extended at noon of that day from the Appomattox, above Petersburg, to the Appomattox below, the two flanks resting on the river.

Colonel Michler was at the time ordered to rectify this line if necessary, and later in the day to select a site for a pontoon bridge across the river, and positions for batteries to command the crossing and protect passage of the army in the event of the retreat of the enemy.

Early on the morning of the 3rd it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated the city of Petersburg, and orders of march were immediately issued to the different corps to follows in pursuit. The roads were found in wretched condition and a great deal of corduroying and bridging had to be done. About noon on the 5th ance of the Second and Sixth Corps to report to General Sheridan, who had arrived with the cavalry and Fifth Corps at Jetersville on the previous evening, to consult with him in regard to the position to be taken by the army in anticipation of an expected attack by the enemy, it being reported that his whole force was concentrating at Amelia Court-House. His line of retreat toward Danville had been cut off, and it was presumed he would venture a heavy battle to regain it. In company with the general he rode over the line, and by the direction of the general the troops were posted as they arrived. A part of the line of battle had been previously intrenched, and work was commenced on other portions; the anticipated fight, however, did not take place.

On the following day (6th) the Army of the Potomac was put in motion in three parallel columns toward Amelia Court-House to

