
lecting the data for the muster-out rolls and discharge papers, as well as the preparation of the same.

II. The rolls and other final papers of a regiment completed, said command, with its arms, colors, and necessary equipage, to be placed en route, generally to that point in the State where mustered in, there to be taken charge of by the chief mustering officer of the State, and met by paymasters to make final payments.

Whilst en route to the State a discreet and capable officer to be specially charged by the commissary of musters with the care of the muster-out rolls and regimental records. Immediately on arrival in the State the rolls and records to be turned over to the chief mustering officer or his assistant at the point of rendezvous. After payment of the troops the regimental and company records to be retained and carefully preserved by the State mustering officers, subject to the orders of the Adjutant- General of the Army.

Whilst waiting payment the chief mustering officer to cause subsistence and other authorized supplies to be provided; also to see that the command is kept together and under discipline. As soon as practicable after the arrival of a regiment at the State rendezvous the chief mustering officer to have its arms and other public property turned over to officers of the respective supply departments; said officers to be designated by the departments concerned.

The departure of regiments from the rendezvous where mustered out to be so regulated that regiments will not arrive more rapidly in their respective States than the Pay Department can pay them off.

III. Under the foregoing the following advantages will be secured:

1. The entire force of commissaries and assistant commissaries of musters for troops in the field will be made available for the work, in connection with the chief and other State mustering officers.

2. The most experienced mustering officers and those most familiar with the regimental records will be secured.

3. The records from which the mustering-out date is to be obtained will be readily accessible, and the loss of records (so common through the neglect of regimental officers) whilst regiments are en route from the field to Sates can be avoided.

4. Regimental officers can be held to a rigid accountability (by the corps, division, and brigade commanders) in preparing the records, and the interest of the enlisted man thus protected.

5. Order and discipline can be maintained whilst troops are en route to States and after arrival therein.

6. Troops can be comfortably cared for up to the moment they are paid off and ready to start for their homes. Dissatisfaction among them will be obviated, and cause for complaint by State authorities and citizens will be removed.

7. All public property can be easily secured and properly accounted for.

8. Regulations of the War Department now in force can be readily adapted to the musters out and discharge of the troops.

Should the foregoing be approved, a general order can be framed, pointing to the necessary regulations and arranging requisite details.

Respectfully submitted.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDUM.-Foregoing was for the consideration of the Secretary of War and lieutenant-general commanding Armies of the

