
details of these models should be preserved. They have enabled our armies to make unexampled marches with less suffering, privation, sickness, and loss than we find recorded in the history of the campaigns of other nation. His disbursement have been during the year $6,274,278.55.

Bvt. Brigadier General D. H. Vinton has continued at the head of the depot of clothing and equipage at New York. No officer has more thoroughly and efficiently performed his duty. He has received and expended $34,637,511.11.

Bvt. Brigadier General L. C. Easton, chief quartermaster of the army of General Sherman, accompanied that army in its campaign from Chattanooga, and during the siege of Atlanta superintended its outfit for and accompanied its march to sea. At Savannah ho took charge of the transport fleet and of the stores sent to meet the army on the coast, conducted them to the coast of North Carolina, and sent forward the supplies which, by the 10th of April, enabled it again to march against the rebels at Raleigh. After the dispersion and reduction of the army he was assigned to duty as carters of the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, with his post at Saint Louis, where he exercises a general supervision and control. He has received and accounted for $981,822.27

Bvt. Brigadier General Charles Thomas, assistant quartermaster- general, has aided me in the management of the business of this office, having charge of the finances and accounts of the office.

Bvt. Brigadier General William Myers, as chief assistant to General Robert Allen in the Mississippi Valley, has been in charge of the depot at saint Louis. His responsible have been great and have been met to the satisfaction and approbation of his senior office. General Allen, in his report, speaks of him in the highest terms. He reports the receipt and expenditure of transfer of $49,871,975.35.

Bvt. Brigadier General Stewart Van Vliet has continued at New York in charge of the operations of the department at that important post.

His disbursement and transfer during the year have reached the sum of $20,170,162.60.

Colonel C. W. Moulton has been, during a portion of the fiscal year, in charge of the clothing and equipage depot at Cincinnati. He reports the receipt and expenditure of $31,287,324.49.

Bvt. Brigadier General George S. Dodge, chief quartermaster of the Army of the James, accompanied the naval and military expedition which reduced Fort Fisher, on the coast of North Carolina, He displayed great energy and skill in disembarking upon an open coast men and material for the siege and assault of that formidable work, and was specially rewarded by brevet promotion for signal service on that occasion. He has since been actively employed in extensive inspection, both North and South, which have been most efficiently performed and have aided this department in enforcing great reduction of expenditure. He is a most deserving officer.

Colonel William W. McKim, for some time in charge of the depot of Cincinnati, has been in charge of the depot at Philadelphia, including the operations of the great depot of clothing and equipage at the Schuylkill Arsenal, since the 15th of February last. He is a most efficient and deserving officer. He reports an expenditure during the year of $24,986, 188.16.

The depot of Baltimore has been in charge of Colonel R. M. Newport s September, 1864. In the earlier part of the fiscal year

