
every demand of the transportation department of the Government, and by their cordial co-operation with the officers of the quartermaster's Department have made these movements of troops easy of execution and unexampled in dispatch.

To Brigadier General L. B. Parsons, who has been in charge of the Fourth Division of this office, and to Bvt. Colonel Alexander Bliss,his assistant, and frequently, in his absence, in charge of the office, and the officers at the various posts, charged with the duty of transportation, great credit is due for the safety, order, and speed with which this immense business has been conducted.

There have been filed in the office of the Fourth Division since its organization 442 claims, amounting to $268,545.02; 202 have been allowed, amounting to $68,712.34; 923 have been referred to the Third Audition or to disbursing officers for examination and settlement, to amounting to $87,462.30; 99 have been rejected, amounting to $60,138.34; 48 await actio, amounting to $16,891.04; 1 has been withdrawn, amounting to $5,341.

From the imperfect reports yet received at the office of the Fourth Division the number of passages granted to prisoners and refugees who have been transported by the division during the fiscal year is 356,541, clothing over $1,300,000.

General Schofield's movement from Clifton, on the Tennessee,by the Tennessee River, the Ohio, and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, to the Potomac, and thence to the coast of North Carolina,was accomplished in the midst of a very severe winter, during which the navigation of the Ohio and the Potomac was at times interrupted by ice. Within five days after the movement was decided on in Washington the troops the Tennessee, nearly 1,400 miles distant, were embarking. The movement to Washington occupied an average time of only eleven days. I took place during the month of January.

The special report of Colonel Parsons, of the Quartermaster's Department, who was dispatched by the War Department to attend to it personally, accompanies this report; it is an interesting detail of the difficulties overcome, and of the mounted.

On the conclusion of the campaign in Tennessee, while the Twenty- third Corps, under General Schofield, was order across the Alleghanies, by Washington, to the coast of North Carolina, to co-operate with General Sherman, the Sixteenth Corps, under Major Genera A. J. Smith, was ordered to New Orleans to co-operate with General Canby assembled at Eastport, on the Tennessee, below the Muscle Shoals. The entire command, including a brigade of artillery and the Seventh Division of the Cavalry Corps, was embarked on the fleet. It consisted of 17,314 men, 1,038 horsed, 2,271 mules, 351 wagons, 83 ambulances. The embarkation began on the 5th of February, 1865, and was completed on the 8th. The fleet sailed on the 9th, and the command arrived at New Orleans on the 23rd, having been moved in thirteen days, 1,330 miles.

DISPERSION OF THE ARMIES CONCENTRATED AT WASHINGTON.

The armies of the West and of the Potomac, after the fall of Richmond and the surrender of the eastern rebel armies, marched through Washington were reviewed by the President and Cabinet, and their final dispersion and disbandment.

