
is disbanded, and the number of employes on the military railroads reduced to a force barely sufficient to keep in repair and operate the Morehead City and Raleigh and the Wilmington- Goldsborough lines.

All men discharged under this order will be furnished free transportation by water from here to Fortress Monroe, or some other Northern port, and those who have served for three months or longer will be furnished transportation from there to their homes.

Good order and discipline are enjoined upon the members of Construction Corps while en route to their homes, and I sincerely trust that all will conduct themselves worthy of the high reputation which this organization has justly acquired.

You leave the service because your work is done. The cause of the Union is triumphant and the rebellion virtually crushed.

Many of you have served long and faithfully in the military railroad service, and you now leave it with the proud consciousness of having done your part to make our cause successful.

Not only does General Sherman bear testimony to the value of the services of the Construction Corps in opening and keeping open his lines of communication and supplies,and thus enabling him to make his long and damaging marches into the enemy's territory, but even his formidable opponent, the rebel leader General Johnston, gives his testimony to the same effect.

With such a record you may be well satisfied.

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engr. Military Railroads, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 19. Washington, May 16, 1865.

I. Under paragraph III, General Ordes, Numbers 94, May 15, current series from this office, the following State rendezvous, to which troops mustered out will be forwarded for payment, are announced, viz:

Maine: Augusta, Portland, and Bangor.

New Hampshire: Concord and Manchester.

Vermont: Montpelier, Brattleborough, and Burlington.

Massachusetts: Boston (Readville and Gallupe's Island).

Rhode Island: Providence.

Connecticut: Hartford and New Haven.

New York: New York City (Hart's Island), Albany, Elmira, Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Sackett's Harbor, Plattsburg, and Ogdensburg.

New Jersey: Trenton.

Pennsylvania: Philadelphia, Harrisburg, and Pittsburg.

Delaware: Wilmington.

Maryland: Baltimore and Frederick.

West Virginia: Wheeling.

Ohio: Cincinnati (Camp Dennison), Cleveland (Camp Cleveland), Columbus (Camp Chase and Tod Barracks).

Indiana: Indianapolis.

Illinois: Springfield and Chicago.

Michigan: Detroit and Jackson.

Wisconsin: Madison and Milwaukee.

Minnesota: Fort Snelling.

Iowa: Davenport and Clinton.

Kansas: Lawrence and Leavenworth.

Missouri: Saint Louis (Benton Barracks).

Kentucky: Louisville, Lexington, and Covington.

