
II. When the muster out of a regiment has been completed, and it is ready to start for the State (see paragraph V, General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, Adjutant-General's Office), the assistant commissary of musters for the division to which it belongs will immediately report (by telegram when practicable) to the Paymaster-General of the Army, Washington, D. C., its numerical designation, number of commissioned officers, number of enlisted men, and rendezvous in the State where ordered to for payment and final discharge.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 16, 1865.

The Secretary of War directs that the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 77, current series, be extended to include all patients who, although requiring further medical treatment, are able to travel and desire to be discharged (with the exceptions heretofore made). Also all men yet in hospitals, recently transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps, as soon as the interest of the public service will permit. The order for the discharge from hospitals should be liberally interpreted. The word "patients" in telegram of May 3 was intended to include all enlisted men who were in hospital, except the guards and nurses belonging to the Veteran Reserve Corps.

SAMUEL BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 18, 1865.

Colonel J. A. WILCOX,

Chief Mustering Officer, Columbus, Ohio:

All volunteer organizations of white troops in General Sherman's army and the Army of the Potomac whose terms of service expire prior to October 1 next, have been ordered mustered out.

The musters out are to be made in the vicinity of this city, and thereafter regiments and companies sent to State for payment. (See regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, of 15th instant.)

The troops for muster out will be:

First. The three-years" regiments mustered into service under call of July 2, 1862, and prior to October 1 of that year.

Second. Three-years" recruits mustered into service for old regiments between the same dates.

Third. One-year's men for new and old organizations who entered the service prior to October 1, 1864.

Your records, or those of the State adjutant-general, will furnish the number of troops and particular regiments to be discharged, as herein indicated. You should arrange a list accordingly, so that you will be prepared to receive and care for the troops on their arrival in State.

Furnish Governor with copy of this and acknowledge receipt.

By order of Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

