
The tabular statements herewith will afford more precise knowledge upon the points referred to than could be given in narrative. The results are that there has been produced during the year material amounting to $21,416,818.84; equipage, $13,515,305.09; clothing $70,087,282.20-making the expenditures for all objects, including payment of rents, compensation to employes, &amp;c., more than $105,019,406.13.

The commencement of the war found the department prepared only for the supply of the old Army-a force on paper of about 13,000 men, with an actual strength seldom exceeding 10,000. The supplies of clothing and equipage for this force had been drawn entirely from the Schuylkill Arsenal, at Philadelphia, where they were manufactured under the supervision of the officers in charge from materials purchased for the purpose.

The sudden expansion of this small army to the great armies called into existence to quell the rebellion rendered necessary corresponding changes in the administration and operations of the clothing branch of the Quartermaster's Department. The manufacturing of clothing was increased to the greatest limit possible, employing from 8,000 to 10,000 operatives at once. Yet this force was found unequal to the task before it, and it was soon evident that other sources must be called upon to assist in meeting the demands made upon the department.

Two other principal depots were established in the summer of 1861, at New York and Cincinnati, respectively, and under the charge of energetic and skillful officers enabled the department to furnish supplies nearly as rapidly as required.

Both the manufacture and purchase by contract of the various articles required were pursued at Philadelphia, New York, and Cincinnati, the manufacture alone not being of itself a sufficient source of supply.

Many of the regiments called into service were clothed and equipped through the agency of their State authorities. In some cases where authority had been given them by the War Department the States were reimbursed through the Quartermaster's Department, after the examination of each account an its reference to the proper disbursing officer for settlement, as in the case of his own purchases. In other cases States were reimbursed by the United States through the Treasury Department under a special act of Congress to that effect.

The necessity of resorting to this method of partial supply soon passed away with the more perfect organization of the department, and since the first year of the war as been able to meet with alacrity every call made upon it.

Depots for the manufacture and purchase of army clothing and equipage, in addition to that at Schuylkill Arsenal, have been established during the war at New York, under General Vincton; at Cincinnati, under Captain J. H. Dickerson, but since his resignation it has been under the charge of Colonel W. W. McKim and Colonel C. W. Moulton; at Quincy, Ill., for the benefit of suffering Union refugees and relatives of Union soldiers, under the charge of Captain N. Flagg, assistant quartermaster; and for similar objects at Steubenville, Ohio, under Captain Alexander Conn, assistant quartermaster. Saint Louis, Mo., was also at an early date made a prominent point for the manufacture of clothing, to give relief to impoverished operatives, friends of the Union cause in that city.

