
to carry back the returning veterans, and, in addition, transportation had to be furnished for thousands of our own released prisoners, and for rebel released prisoners, refugees, and freedmen, to the points nearest their homes.

In May a requisition was made upon the department for ocean transportation for the Twenty-fifth Army Corps from City Point, Va., to Texas. This corps numbered about 25,000 men.

The inclosed tabular list will enable you to form an idea of the requirements necessary for a large ocean expedition.

It comprised fifty-seven ocean steamers (one of which made two voyages), making the entire tonnage of the vessels employed amount to 56,987 tons.

They were all provided for a twelve-days" voyage, allowing for the consumption of coal, per day, 947 tons, and for water, 50,000 gallons.

While all the vessels were employed the expense of the expedition amounted to $33,300.91 per day.

Each vessel was fitted up suitably for the cargo to be carried. Bunks were constructed for the troops, and stalls for 2,139 animals, being part of the expedition.

The vessels were supplied with an ample quantity of coal and water and were thoroughly inspected, so that in case of disaster no blame would attach to the department for sending unseaworthy vessels. They all arrived safely at their destination, no accident of any kind having been reported.

At the same time the Texas expedition was under way, 7,000 troops were sent by sea from Washington to Savannah, and 3,000 released rebels from point Lookout and Fort Delaware to Mobile.

With this closes the work of the ocean and lake transportation division for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.

No mention has been made of transportation on the lakes, as none was required except one small steamer used for the convenience of the prisoners on Johnson's Island, between that and the main.

The inclosed tabular list of transportation employed by the division shows the number of vessels in service during the year, from which it appears the average daily expense of the division, for the fiscal year, amounts to $92,414.

The average number of steamers employed, owned, and chartered, 351; tugs, 111.

The average amount of tonnage of the above, 171,081; tonnage of tugs, 13,262.

The average number of sail vessels employed, 89.

The average amount of tonnage of the above, 17,738.

The average number of barges employed, 168.

The average amount of the tonnage of the above, 22,903.

The total number of vessels employed, 719.

The total amount of tonnage employed, 224,984.

In closing my report, I would respectfully make some remarks relative to the duties of my division, and the transportation, by water, of the United States.

At the beginning of the rebelli wanting in nearly every material preparation for the war, except an ample supply of ships and steamers, the importance of which was very great in a country like ours, penetrated in every direction by navigable rivers, and indented on the coast by deep and sheltered harbors.

19 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

