
United States, at a meeting to which undersigned was called to consult as to disbanding the volunteer armies. Subject was briefly referred to in conversation; paper, however, not read. Secretary concluded by saying: 'Send the method to General Grant, and if approved by him issue the order." Time consumed in the consideration of subject did not extend beyond one hour and a half.

T. M. V.

MEMORANDUM.] ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 11, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, commanding Armies of the United States.

This is the proposed method for musters out which I spoke of to the Secretary of War whilst you were conversing with him on the subject.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 11, 1865.

Plan and suggestions within approved.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 1, 1865.

ORDERS Numbers 6.] On and after this date all recruiting of colored men in the Departments of the Missouri and Arkansas and Military Divisions of the Mississippi and West Mississippi will cease. Volunteers will also not be accepted for white regiments within such limits. All recruiting officers will immediately join their respective commands for duty. Orders will subsequently be given for the consolidation of the incomplete colored regiments and the muster out of service of all supernumerary officers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 2, 1865.

SIR: As it is probable a large number of troops will soon be returning to their homes, the strictest attention should be given to prevent the use of any but perfectly safe transports, under experienced and careful masters, provided with everything necessary for the safety and comfort of troops. Especial care should be taken to see that they are thoroughly clean and that they are not overloaded. The late calamity to the steamer Sultana shows the need of extreme caution which will be expected from all officers in the management of river transportation.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

Very respectfully,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

