
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Albany, or New Haven, Hartford, and Springfield.

The sound and river boats should be used wherever possible, as affording a relaxation and rest to the troops crowded in cars, and as being cheaper generally than railroad transportation.

Troops for the Northeast will go by way of New York, and the most direct routes thence to their respective destinations.

It is important that in this movement, which will be large and continue for some time, every possible precaution to insure the safely and comfort of the men should be observed.

For this purpose you will put yourself in communication with the several railroad lines. You will insist upon the orders of this department, requiring cars used for transportation of troops to be carefully fitted up and provided with water, and other necessary conveniences being fully observed and enforced.

Halts of the trains at proper points, to enable the soldiers to attend to the calls of nature, should be arranged.

Proper stoppages for meals; in short, everything should be done to enable those soldiers who have survived the dangers of four years of warfare to reach their homes with the least inconvenience, fatigue, suffering, and danger.

A copy of memorandum of routes is with this.* Orders for the movement will be given by the military commanders. It is desired that it be as rapid as is consistent with safety.

I have recommended that troops going north and northeast be marched to Baltimore, believing that the single railroad from this point to Baltimore will be fully occupied with the movement of troops going west from the Relay House, and that for any large body of troops the quickest movement for forty miles will be made on foot.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The necessary general arrangements for the transportation of the troops of the armies of the Potomac and General Sherman to the points indicated by Circular 19, Adjutant- General's Office, 1865, have been made.

In order, however, to avoid delay and confusion in this city, and insure prompt forwarding to destination, I request that the commanders of regiments, and larger commands, upon receiving orders to move, shall make their requisition at once upon Brigade-General Rucker, leaving their commands in camp until such time as upon conference with General Rucker, shall be fixed for departure.

Five thousand men for any one section of the country are as many as should go together; 10,000 can go together; 10,000 can go from here to Relay House per day, if necessary.

It is requested that a list of the commands ordered to move may be each day, and as early as possible, furnished this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 303, post.

---------------

