
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

Brigadier General D. H. RUCKER,

Depot Quartermaster, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed are copies of General Orders, Numbers 94, and Circlar Numbers 19, Adjutant-General's Office, an estimate of troops to be mustered out of the armies of the Potomac and of General Sherman;* also memoranda giving the routes be taken by the troops of the several States to their points of destination, respective.

The troops will begin to move at once. Colonel Moulton, at Cincinnati, is prepared to provide river transportation from Parkersburg for those indicated to go by that route.

Please give him timely notice of movements thither as they occur, that he may have boats ready.

General Van Vliet, at New York has been instructed to provide water transportation where practicable for forwarding from New York New England troops.

The troops of Michigan and Wisconsin will take boats at Cleveland for Detroit, and those for Wisconsin again at Grand Haven for Milwaukee.

The quartermaster at these points especially should receive timely notice of departure of troops to go by those routes, and at all points on the lines of railroads where change of cars must be made ample notice should be given to the quartermasters and railroad companies concerned that they may be prepared to receive and forward the troops at once.

Very respectfully,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Routes of troops returning home.

Troops of Missouri and Kansas: Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Bellaire or Parkersburg, Ohio River to Lawrenceburg, Ohio and Mississippi Railroad to Saint Louis, thence rail to points of destination.

Troops of Kentucky, Tennessee, and Northern Alabama: Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Bellaire or Parkersburg, Ohio River to Covington and Louisville, and thence rail too destination.

Troops for Arkansas: Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Bellaire or Parkersburg, Ohio River, Memphis, Devall's Bluff, Little Rock.

Troops for Middle and Southern Illinois: Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Wheeling, Ohio River to Lawrenceburg, Ohio and Mississippi and Illinois Central Railroads, or Indianapolis, Terre Haute, and La Fayette, according to point of destination.

Troops for Nebraska, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Bellaire or Parkersburg, Ohio River to Lawrenceburg, Ohio and Mississippi Railroad to Saint Louis, thence by river or rail, according to circumstances.

Troops for Michigan: Baltimore, Harrisburg, Pittsburg, Cleveland, Lake Erie, and Detroit.

Troops for Northern Ohio and Northern Indiana: Baltimore, Harrisburg Pittsburg, Pittsburg, Fort Wayne and Chicago Railroad and connecting lines.

Troops for Central Ohio: Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Bellaire Columbus.

---------------

*For General Orders, Numbers 94 and Circular Numbers 19 (here omitted) see pp. 20 and 24, ante.

---------------

