
single locomotive or a few cars would have been an irreparable loss. It seems almost incredible that this work was done; that about 150 car-loads in excess of enough supplies for Sherman's army were moved in fourteen days from Morehead City and New Berne to Goldsborough with only eighty-seven cars and five engines up to April 1, and same number of cars and six engines after that date. The repairs to the Wilmington road were completed on the 4th of April; the trains commenced running the same day. The few cars and the two engines that had arrived at Wilmington up to this date were used in supplying General Terry's command, which lay along this road pending the movement on Raleigh.

On the 10th of April the work of reconstruction commenced on the Goldsborough and Raleigh line. This was found to be much heavier than was anticipated, for the enemy, having obtained information, probably, of the direction in which Sherman was going to move, had within a day or two previous torn up and destroyed about eight miles of track and filled up some of the cuts with trees, brush, logs, rocks, and earth. We were until the 19th in repairing this damaged track and in rebuilding the Little River and Neuse River bridges. On the evening of that day we ran into Raleigh with the construction trains, followed closely by two train-loads of supplies. During the armistice our trains were kept going day and night bringing forward full supplies for the army, either for a resumption of hostilities or a march homeward. On the 25th, when General Sherman informed me that "the army moves to-morrow against the enemy in the direction of Greensborough and Salisbury," the wagons were again fully loaded, and there was, in addition, a considerable accumulation of stores at Raleigh. The addition of our rolling-stock received from the North, together with some captured stock that was serviceable, enabled us to get forward the stores with comparative ease now, and also carry on construction and repairs. It was a great relief to know that we had the means to do our work, and feel that an accident to one train would not necessarily disarrange the whole plans of the campaign. But, although we had rolling-stock enough for present use, we had not enough should the army advance on Greensborough and Salisbury. I therefore, on the 21st of April, went out to Cedar Creek, on the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad, twenty-five miles from Raleigh, to meet the president of that company and see if we could borrow some stock from them. By direction of General Sherman I agreed with him to rebuild the bridge over Cedar Creek for the use of four locomotives and forty cars for as long a time as they might be required for military purposes. We built the bridge, but the surrender of Johnston and the arrival of more stock from the North made it unnecessary to call on that company for the fulfillment of their part of the contract. The rebuilding of Cedar Creek bridge completed the railroad connection between Raleigh and the Roanoke River at Gaston and also at Weldon. During the suspension of hostilities we operated the North Carolina Railroad to Durham's Station, twenty-five miles from Raleigh.

Immediately upon Johnston's surrender I was ordered to rebuild the Flat Creek bridge, some ten miles beyond Durham, which opened the road to Salisbury. And our army being fully supplied, a large amount of sores were sent up the North Carolina Railroad for use of the force which had just surrendered during the time required to parole the men. Sherman's army having marched north, and Johnston's army having been disbanded, there was left in this department only General Schofield's command to supply. Compared with the

