
It is said to be the most unhealthy part of Georgia, and was probably selected as a depot for prisoners on account of this fact. At midday the thermometer, in the shade, reaches frequently 110, and in the sun the heat is almost unbearable.

The inhabitants of this sparsely settled locality are with few exceptions, of the most ignorant class, and from their haggard and sallow faces the effects of chills, and fever are distinctly visible.

The noted prison pen is 1,540 feet long and 750 feet wide, and contains twenty-seven acres. The dead-line is seventeen feet from the stockade, and the sentry boxes are thirty yards apart. The inside stockade is eighteen feet high, and the outer one twelve feet high, and the distance between the two is 120 feet.

Nothing has been destroyed. As our exhausted, emaciated, and enfeebled soldier left it so it stands to-day as a monument to an inhumanity unparalled in the annals of war.

How men could survive as well as they did in this pen, exposed to the rays of an almost tropical sun by day and drenching dews by night without the slightest covering, is wonderful.

The ground is filled with the holes where they had burrowed in their efforts to shield themselves from the weather, and many a poor fellow in endeavoring to protect himself in this manner, was smothered to death by the earth falling in upon him.

A very worthy man has been appointed superintendent of the grounds and cemetery, with instructions to allow no buildings or structures of whatever, nature to be destroyed-particularly the stockade surrounding the prison pen.

The stories told of the sufferings of our men while prisoners where have been substantiated by the hundreds, and the skeptic who will visit Andersonville, even now, and examine the stockade, with its oozy sand, the cramped and wretched burrows, the dead-line, and the slaughter-house, must be a callous observer indeed if the is not convinced that the miseries depicted at this prisoner pen are no exaggerations.

I have the honor to be, general your obedient servant,

JAMES M. MOORE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Army.

Numbers 49. QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, SEVENTH DIVISION, Washington, D. C., October 12, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the wagons, ambulances, carts, harness, &amp;c., pertaining to the U. s. Quartermaster's Department, purchased, captured, lost, and expended during the fiscal years ending on the 30th of June, 1864, and 30th of June, 1865, so far as shown by the reports received at this office up to the present date.

I am, general very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. C. CARD,

Colonel, Quartermaster's Department, in Charge of Division.

