
Numbers 52. QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE EIGHTH DIVISION, Washington, D. C., October 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In consequence of my continued absence on inspection duty your circular of the 24th of July, 1865, requiring from the chief of each division a full report of the operations of his division during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, was not brought to my notice until yesterday, but I hope to be able too furnish all the important data in time to be embodied in your annual report to the Honorable Secretary of War.

the act of Congress approved July 4, 1864, for the better organization of the Quartermaster's Department, was promulgated by the War Department in General Orders, Numbers 231, July 18, 1864.

Section 1 of the act referred to sets forth that " the Eighth Division shall have charge of all inspections of the Quartermaster's Department and all reports made by officers assigned to inspection duty, analyzing and preserving the reports as received, and communicating through the Quartermaster-General to the chief of the proper division such portions of the reports as may be necessary for their information and use, with provisions for subsequent action upon such references.

In the 23rd of July, 1864, 1864, the Quartermaster-General submitted to the Adjutant-General a list of names of officers for assignment to duty under the aforesaid act.

On the 6th of August following officers were assigned as chiefs of the division in the Quartermaster-General's Office, with two exceptions the Seventh and Eighth Divisions. Subsequently, on the 24th of August, 1864, I was assigned as chief of the Eighth (inspection) Division.

Previous to this assignment I had charge of the annual reports of officers, the duties connected with he assignment of officers of the Quartermaster's Department to duty, the duties connected with their changes of station, the transmission of remarks on the accounts of officers, personal reports, and the distribution of orders and blanks.

Subsequent to my assignment as chief of the inspection division I was relieved of the transmission of remarks on accounts of officers and examination of monthly reports. The other duties referred to I still continue to perform.

Immediately after my assignment as above, to wit, on the 26th of August, 1864, I was ordered on special inspection duty for the War Department, and was absent from the Quartermaster-General's Office from what date until the 1st of October, 1864, when I was ordered to return to duty in the Quartermaster-General's Office.

During my absence Colonel H. Biggs, inspector, Quartermaster's Department, acted as chief of the inspection division.

On the 14th of October, 1864, I received verbal instructions from the Secretary of War to make a series of inspections in the Department of Washington. I accordingly entered upon and continued upon this duty until the 20th of October, 1864, at the same time performing the duties of my division of the Quartermaster-General's Office.

About last of October, 1864, I was ordered to resume my inspection under orders of the War Department, was absent about twenty days and returned to duty in the Quartermaster-General's Office.

