
During this absence Colonel J. D. Bingham, inspector, Quartermaster's Department, was in charge of the Eighth Division.

On the 19th of April, 1865, I left Washington on a leave of absence for thirty days. After enjoying ten days of my leave I noticed in a newspaper General Orders, Numbers 77, of the War Department, for the prompt reduction, of expenses, &amp;c., in view of which, and believing my services would be more important at that than at any other time, I telegraphed the Quartermaster- General, proposing to enter upon duty at once, if required and avail myself of the remainder of my leave some other time. He immediately ordered me upon inspection duty in the Northern Department with a view to curtailing expenses.

I was engaged upon inspection duty and investigations from that time until the 20th of August, 1865, when I returned to duty in charge of the inspection division.

During this absence Colonel Bingham, officiated in charge of the inspection division.

On the 20th of September, 1865, I was again ordered upon inspection duty in the Department of the East. I returned to duty in the Quartermaster-General's Office on the 7th of October, 1865.

Of the six inspectors provided for by act of Congress approved July 4, 1864, only four of the officers nominated by the Quartermaster-General on the 23rd of July, 1864, for assignment to duty as inspectors of the Quartermaster's Department, were so assigned on the 6th of August, 1864. These four were Colonels Biggs, Bingham, Cruttenden, and Owen. As soon as they were serving at the time of such assignment three of these were ordered upon inspection duty, and a large number of inspections have been made in different parts of the United States, resulting most beneficially to the department. Concerning these inspections I shall remark more in detail hereinafter.

Colonel Biggs was not ordered on inspecting duty, as have was detailed for other duty until the tender of his resignation.

Upon my return to the Quartermaster-General's Office, October 1, 1864, Colonel Biggs was assigned to duty as depot quartermaster at Philadelphia, which position he held until February 15, 1865, when he was relieved, and shortly after tendered his resignation.

It was unofficially communicated to this office that this resignation had been accepted, and he was not therefore assigned to duty. It was subsequently ascertained that his resignation had not been formally accepted. The attention of the War Department was called to the matter and information sought as to his status, whereupon his resignation was accepted on the 11th of October, 1865.

On the 24th of August, 1864, Captain Gilbert A. Pierce was assigned as an inspector of the Quartermaster's Department with the rank of colonel.

He made several inspections in the Departments of the South and the Gulf . **** He was relieved from an assignment as in inspector of the Quartermaster's Department on the 13th of May, 1865.

On the 30th of August, 1864, Captain John C. Crane, assistant quartermaster, was assigned to duty as an inspector, Quartermaster's Department, with the rank of colonel, but he has never performed inspection duty under orders of the Quartermaster-General.

On April 30, 1865, Captain J. F. Rusling, assistant quartermaster, was assigned to duty as an inspector, Quartermaster's Department, with the rank of colonel.

