
He made inspections in the Department of the Tennessee and an investigation at Chicago, Ill., after which, August 2, 1865, he was granted a leave of absence of thirty days, at the expiration of which time he was ordered by the Quartermaster-General to return to Nashville on inspection duty, which order was revoked by order of the President September 8, 1865, and Colonel Rusling ordered to report to him. The latter order is still in force so far as this office is advised.

On the 24th of June, 1865, Captain R. Brinkerhoff, assistant quartermaster, was assigned to duty as an inspector, Quartermaster's Department, but on the 24th of August was ordered to report to the Secretary of War for special duty, upon which he is still engaged.

The following summary will show briefly the nature of the duties performed by these inspectors:

Colonel J. D. Bingham inspector Quartermaster's Department, transmitted to this office his first inspection report on the 10th of November, 1864, at which time he was engaged in certain investigations in the Department of the East. Subsequently he returned to Washington and was placed temporarily in charge of the inspection division during my absence on special duty.

On the 27th of November, 1864, he war ordered West in connection wit certain investigations, and was engaged on important duties there until the 20th of April, 1865, when he returned to Washington and was again placed temporarily in charge of the Eighth Division during my absence West.

On my return he was ordered to make inspections at Boston and New York City.

On the 24th of September he returned to the Quartermaster- General's Office and assumed temporarily the duties of the Seventh and Ninth Divisions, Quartermaster-General's Office, during the absence of Colonel B. C. Card, in charge of those divisions.

Upon Colonel Cards" return he resumed his inspection duty in the Department of the East, and is now engaged upon these duties.

During the fiscal year he transmitted to this office reports of eight inspections, and since the 1st July, 1865, he has transmitted to this office the reports of four inspections.

The reports of Colonel bingham have been complete, full and satisfactory, and the prompt, thorough, and intelligent manner with which he has performed the duties allotted to him is in the highest degree creditable to him as an officer of this department.

Colonel J. D. Cruttenden, inspector, Quartermaster's Department, was directed on the 17th of September, 1864, to proceed to Devall's Bluff, Ark., and enter upon a series of inspections in the Departments of Arkansas Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Kansas, and Colorado.

He was continuously employed upon such duties until August 30, 1865 when he was granted a leave of absence by the War Department for fifteen days.

On the 20th of September, 1865, he was directed to proceed upon another tour of inspections comprising the District of the Plains and Utah.

The total number of reports received from him during the fiscal year is fifteen, and since the close of said year seven; total, twenty-two.

* * * *

