
as a quartermaster-sergeant Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers. He was commissioned regimental quartermaster Twenty second Massachusetts Volunteers November 29, 1861, and served his regiment, subject to various details, till October 12, 1864, when he was mustered out of the service. He was appointed assistant quartermaster of volunteers March 11, 1865, received his commission May 6, 1865 and was assigned to duty in the Eighth Division of the Quartermaster-General's Office May 20, 1865. Captain Royce has a liberal education. His general qualification for business, his excellent judgment and discrimination, and extensive experience in the field in the Quartermaster's Department eminently fit him to render, and he has rendered, most valuable services in this division. He is industrious, efficient, and possessed of all the elements requisite for the prompt discharge of official duties. Though he has served but a short time as an assistant quartermaster of volunteers, his services during the war in the Quartermaster's Department entitle him to consideration and to promotion by brevet, a compliment which can be bestowed without price. I recommend him for appointment to the rank of lieutenant-colonel by brevet.

Captain John V. Furey, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, has had in charge under my direction the annual reports of officers, personal reports, the distribution of orders, &amp;c., In the discharge of these and other duties he has proved himself faithful, efficient, and worthy of the kind consideration of the Quartermaster-General, to which I commend him, and recommend that the be appoint a major by brevet.

* * * *

CLERKS.

The clerks on duty in this division having access to and employed upon the books and papers-many of which are confidential-are gentlemen of a high order of qualification, morally and educationally. They are punctual in their attendance and observe the utmost decorum during office hours. They have proved themselves worthy of the confidence and commendation of the Quartermaster-General.

All of the foregoing is respectfully submitted.

I gave the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. V. RUTHERFORD,

Colonel, Quartermaster's Department.

Numbers 53. Statement of clothing and camp and garrison equipage on hand July 1, 1864, purchased, manufactured, captured gained taken up lost, expended and remaining on hand in the Quartermaster's Department during the fiscal year ending june 30, 1865.*

---------------

*For this statement (here omitted) see pp. 287-295 of Executive Document Numbers 1, to which reference is made in foot-none (*) p. 249. It "embraces reports received from 389 officers out of over

700 officers who were in service during the fiscal year and who had reports to render." The same remark applies to Numbers 54 next, post, which also appears in House Executive Document Numbers 1, Thirty-ninth Congress, first session, Vol. I, pp. 296, 297.

---------------

