
Officers not on duty in the field or at important posts will also be selected, to be placed temporarily on inspection duty, in order that this inspection may be the more general and speedy.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 75.

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 28. Washington, D. C., May 8, 1865.

All horses and mules on hand in the Quartermaster's Department not fit for immediate issue will be advertised and sold at public sale as soon as the necessary public notice can be given.

Brevet Brigadier-General Ekin, chief of the First Division of the Quartermaster-General's Office, will telegraph the necessary instructions to each depot to animals.

Sales should be commenced within one week and continued at regular intervals until all unserviceable animals are disposed of.

They should be sold at the depots at which or near which they are kept at the time the order is received.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

Numbers 76.

GENERAL ORDERS, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 42. Washington, D. C., July 15, 1865.

Large quantities of property belonging to the Quartermaster's Department of the U. S. Army are now being sold by order of the War Department. Special reports of such sales will be made and sent to the Quartermaster-General at Washington.

These reports will state the kind of articles sold and the amount realized by said sale, according to the annexed from.

They will be forwarded to the Quartermaster-General's Office daily, so long as the sales continue.

These reports are not intended to supersede the regular accounts of the sales of public property to be sent with officers" accounts and returns, as required by the Army Regulations, which must be sent as heretofore.

The first reports after the receipt of this order will embrace all sales made since the 1st of May last.

Sales should be made at auction by persons employed for that purpose by the officers of this department or by clerks employed who may be competent.

The compensation to be allowed to persons specially employed to make such sales should be a reasonable daily or monthly salary, not a commission or percentage on the amount sold.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.

