
In closing this report it gives me great pleasure to again bear testimony to the hearty and effective co-operation of the chief quartermaster and the chief commissary of subsistence Military Division of the Mississippi, Generals J. C. Easton and A. Beckwith, in all our operations. We have worked together for so long a time, under such a variety of circumstances, and over such an extent of territory, that we have learned how to supply a large army by railroad. Nothing but this knowledge and perfect harmony of action enabled us, with our limited railroad facilities, to make operations in this department a success. To my assistants great credit is due for this success. J. B. Van Dyne, superintendent of transportation, has shown good tact, skill, and untiring industry in his department. E. C. Smeed, division engineer, has ably assisted me in the maintenance of way and construction department. William Cessford, master mechanic, by his mechanical skill and indefatigable efforts to keep in repair our hardworked rolling-stock, did excellent service. I commend the services of these gentlemen, together with many others holding subordinate positions, which the limits of this report preclude me from naming, to your consideration.

Exhibit D shows the present organization in the military railroads in this department.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WRIGHT,

Chief Engineer Military Railroads, Div. of the Miss.,

In charge Military Railroads, Dept. of North Carolina.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 99. Washington, May 28, 1865.

I. In order to recruit the ranks of the regular regiments as soon as practicable, the Adjutant-General will open recruiting stations at such points as offer a reasonable prospect of enlisting good men.

II. Volunteers honorably discharged from the U. S. service who enlist in the Regular Army within ten days from date of discharge will be allowed a furlough of thirty days before joining their regiments. They will be paid all pay and allowances to which they may be entitled on being discharged from the volunteer service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY 29, 1865.-For amnesty proclamation of the President, and circular of Department of State establishing rules and regulations for administering and recording the amnesty oath, see Series II, Vol. VIII, p. 578.]

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the fourth section of the fourth article of the Constitution of the United States declares that the United States shall guarantee

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

