
Statement of public moneys for fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.

Received from officers during the year..............$11,118.68

Expended during the year............................ 11,038.50

----------

Remaining on hand June 30, 1865..................... 80.18

The balance on hand is deposited as follows:

Eighty dollars and eighteen cents deposited in a safe in my office at Hilton, Head, S. C.

A.-Statement of quartermaster's property for the fiscal ending June 30, 1865.*

E. Statement of clothing and camp and garrison equipage for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.*

Numbers 84. Annual report of Captain S. G. Lynch, assistant quartermaster and assistant superintendent of U. S. Military Telegraphs, Department of West Virginia, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, September 1, 1865.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to your department, through Colonel A. Stager, chief, &amp;c. (pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 39, Quartermaster-General's Department),my annual report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865. My annual report for 1864 was rendered to your department through Colonel A. Stager, chief of U. S. Military Telegraphs, in the letter part of October, 1864.

It has been my duty during the past year to act as assistant superintendent of U. S. Military Telegraphs within the Department of West Virginia and the State of Ohio, and to be chief purchasing officer for the supplies required by the different officers connected within this branch of the public service for the operations and construction of U. S. military telegraphs within the several departments. My headquarters have been at Cleveland, Ohio.

Military operations have not been extensively active within the Department of West Virginia during the last year, and, with the exception of two or three important movements, the operations have been confined to maintaining a line of military posts adjacent to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and along the Kanawha River.

Whenever our troops have been dispatched upon expeditions or raids within the enemy's lines cipher operators have generally been furnished to accompany such movements. The expedition of Major-General Crook in May, 1864, was not referred to in my report for that year, and allusion to the same is therefore made herein. A portion of General Crook's command, comprising three brigades of infantry and about 300 cavalry, left Fayetteville, W. Va., during the first week of May and proceeded to Lexington, where they destroyed the camp and garrison equipage of two rebel regiments which had been left in charge of rebel guards. On the evening of the 8th the expedition arrived at Shannon's Cross- Roads, ten miles from Dublin Depot. At Shannon's Cross-Roads a rebel telegraph line was intercepted by the cipher operator accompanying the expedition, but owing to the precaution

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

