
of the rebel operators but little information of interest to our forces was obtained beyond the fact that a considerable rebel force was posted at Cloyd's Mountain, on our line of march. On the morning of the 9th our forces reached Cloyd's Mountain, five miles from Dublin Depot, and General Crook at once made and attack upon the rebels, who were protected by earth-works; but after two hours; determined resistance the enemy fled in utter confusion, leaving their dead and wounded. During this engagement the telegraph operator acted as aide-de-camp to the general, and received a complimentary notice from that officer in his official report of the affair. General Crook pushed on for Dublin Depot, and when within three miles of the town met a force of Morgan's men, numbering about 1,000, who had come from Saltville to re- enforce the rebels at Cloyd's Mountain, but were not in time to effect a junction. After a skirmish the rebels retreated, and our forces entered Dublin Depot, on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, about 3 p. m. on the 9th. The depot buildings, rebel government property, and telegraph office here were destroyed, and General Crook pushed on to destroy the long railroad bridge ten miles from Dublin Depot, which, after an engagement of two hours, was accomplished. The object of the expedition having been attained, the command started upon its return via Salt Pond and Peter's Mountain, through Union, across Greenbrier River to Meadow Bluff, reaching there May 23, having marched about 300 miles. At Meadow Bluff we were in telegraphic communication, and cipher massagers detailing operations, &amp;c., were forwarded to headquarters, Washington, D. C.

On the 1st of June following General Crook started with him command for Stauton, Va., via Lewisburg, Hot and War Springs, through Panther Gap, into Augusta Valley. At Panther Gap a solider in rebel uniform was captured, claiming to belong to Imboden's command, but upon being brought to headquarters was found to be the bearer of cipher messages from General Hunter ordering General Crook to join him at Charlottesville. The order, however, was afterward countermanded, and our forces joined the other command at Staunton. From Staunton the expedition moved via Lexington and Buckhannon, crossing the Blue Ridge at the foot of Peaks of Otter via Liberty, for Lynchburg. On arriving in the vicinity of Lynchburg we encountered the rebel force and whipped it during the first day's engagement. At night the rebels were re-enforced by troops under General Early. After successfully resisting the rebel attack on the second day our forces fell back under cover of the night and started for the Shenandoah Valley; but finding that the rebels were pursuing actively, and that probably we could not get out in the direction taken, our column turned toward the Kanawha Valley and marched out via Salem, Sweet Springs, and Lewisburg to Gauley Bridge. At the latter place orders were received to move the troops on to Charleston, where they took transports for Parkersburg, and from thence by railroad to Martinsburg, Va. From Martinsburg the troops were ordered to Harper's Ferry and into Maryland after General early, who had come down the Shenandoah Valley and crossed the potomac into Maryland. At Hillsborough it was ascertained that Early had fallen back, going toward Snicker's Gap and Winchester, Va. Near Hilssborough the Sixth Corps joined us and the command moved to Snicker's Gap. The Sixth Corps moved from here to Washington and General Crook's forces from Winchester. At Kernstown, three miles from Winchester, General Crook fought General Early on the 24th of July. Crook was defeated and at night retreated to Bunker

