
Three division quartermaster-generals, rank of brigadier-general.

Three assistant quartermaster-generals, rank of colonel.

Four deputy quartermaster-generals, rank of lieutenant-colonel.

Twelve quartermasters, rank of major.

Forty-eight assistant quartermasters, rank of captain.

This would only add one major-general, two brigadier-generals, and one major to the present establishment. I suggest three brigadier-generals as "division quartermaster-generals" for the three grand divisions, to wit, the Atlantic Division, Mississippi Division, and Pacific Division. The list of majors will be an increasing one under the law that promotes assistant quartermasters for fourteen consecutive years" service. Such promotions will, of course, create vacancies in the list of captains.

On the 1st of July, 1864, there were on hand in the Armies operating against Richmond means of land transportation as follows: 41,329 horses, 23,961 mules, 4,440 army wagons, 57 two- horse light wagons, and 915 ambulances.

At the beginning of the last campaign my returns show on hand as flows: 24,192 horses, 23,356 mules, 4,071 army wagons, 144 two- horse light wagons, and 907 ambulances.

After the close of the final campaign-say on May 1, 1865-the means of transportation were as follows: 33,948 horses, 25,093 mules, 4,207 army wagons, 140 two-horses light wagons, and 820 ambulances.

This property was used as prescribed in the orders of the lieutenant-general, a copy of which accompanied my last report, and most of it came to Washington with the troops last May and June, and was turned into the depot, as the troops were discharged, for final disposition under your orders. This transportation was in most excellent condition, and rendered services of vital importance on the last fang campaign for Petersburg and Richmond to Appomattox Court-House.

There were many partial movements of the armies from July 1, 1864, to the opening of the last campaign, but they did not render many new dispositions necessary in our department as to the transportation.

On the 30th of July the "battle of the Mine" was fought. On the 9th of August, near noon, there occurred a fearful explosion in the midst of the City Point depot, killing and wounding some 250 employes and soldiers, throwing down over 600 feet in length of warehouses, and tearing up some 180 linear feet of the wharf. It was found that a barge laden with ordnance stores had been blown up. Immense quantities of shot and shell were thrown into the air, and much of it fell in the encampment of the lieutenant- general, wounding, however, only one-Colonel Babcock, of his staff. The lieutenant-general himself seems proof against the accidents of flood and field. It was assumed at the time that the explosion was the result of carelessness on the part of some one in or near the barge, but the developments made in the trial of the assassins of the late President would show that it was the dastardly work of that infernal rebel "torpedo bureau" in Richmond. The damages of the depot were soon repaired.

August 18 to 20 the Weldon road was seized and there after held. An attempt was also made on our right at Deep Bostom. September 30 the Fifth and Ninth Corps, of the Army of the Potomac, were engaged at Poplar Grove Church, and the Army of the James captured Fort Harrison and one line of works. October 24 [27] and 25 [28] the

