
Fall of Richmond.-The grand combinations of the lieutenant- general culminated early in April in the fall of Richmond, the capitulation of the armies of Generals Lee and Johnston, and the subsequent collapse of the rebellion. Large numbers of prisoners were taken, and every available vessel was drawn from this depot to transport them from City Point to Point Lookout, &amp;c.

Precautions against fire.-During the first week in April, when the loyal States were electrified by these successes, and illuminations were so frequent, unusual care and watchfulness were exercised to prevent any disasters from fire. Water-buckets were placed in every building and filled ready for use, and watchmen were doubled. I am happy to be able to state that owing to this vigilance no disaster occurred.

Assassination of the President.-The 14th of April will ever be memorable on account of the dastardly attempt to assassinate the chief officers of the Government, which, in the case of the lamented President, proved too successful. The perpetrator of this infamous act having escaped from the city, it was supposed he would endeavor to find his way through Virginia to the more southern States. Tugboats, with a few armed men on each, were ordered to patrol the waters of the Potomac and Patuxent, with instructions to examine all vessels and boats, with a view to the arrest of the criminal, and were continued on this duty until after his capture and death. Cavalry were also forwarded by water to Chapel Point, Md., and a daily line of steamers carrying mails and stores was put in operation during their stay.

His funeral.-This depot also took an active part in the preparations made for the President's funeral, and two battalions of its armed and drilled employes formed part of the mournful cortege that followed his remains to the Capitol.

Grand review.-On the 23rd and 24th of May the reviews of the grand armies of the United States, assembled in the vicinity, took place, for which preparations had been made by the machines at this depot in erecting sheltered sats for the occupancy of the President, Cabinet officers, members of the diplomatic corps, &c., on both sides of Pennsylvania avenue opposite the Executive Mansion. Ambulances were also hitched up and held in readiness to remove any of the troops who might be overcome by the heat upon this march.

Troops to be mustered out and sent home.-The War Department having ordered the muster out of service and return to their several home of a large number of these troops, the railroad from this city was tasked to its utmost to provided them transportation; and, besides its ordinary traffic, in two months, from the 29th of May, safely removed about 200,000 officers and men, with 12,000 horses and 4,000,000 pounds of baggage. For details of this movement and all transportation by rail I respectfully refer you to the annual report of Captain Benjamin Burton, assistant quartermaster, the officer in charge of that branch of the depot.

Transportation to refuges.-Transportation has also been furnished by rail and boat to indigent refugees and others to various points in the Southern States upon the orders of General O. O. Howard, in charge of the Freedman's Bureua.

Army transportation turned in.-Large numbers of mules and wagons, composing the transportation of the Armies operating against Richmond, and General Sherman's army, being turned in, it was thought best to send the mules to graze, not only to improve their

