
condition, but to save expense, and to prevent disease from having so large a number congregated together.

Grazing camps.-Grazing camps were accordingly established at various points in Maryland and Virginia, contiguous to the city, from which the best results were obtained.

Trains to Louisville.-One thousand six-mule teams complete, with 2,000 extra mules, making 8,000 in all, were also, by order of the lieutenant-general, started from this point for Louisville, Ky., in four divisions, under the charge of Captains Whetsel, Winslow, Wilson, and Mead, of the Quartermaster's Department.

Auction sales.-The accumulation of such a large amount of wagons of various patterns, harness, and animals, which were no longer necessary for army purposes, selections of the best were made by your order. Sales at auction of the remainder were commenced and continued through the month of June. For details of these sales, and all other matters connected with the June. For details of those sales, and all other matters connected with the land transportation branch of the depot, I most respectfully refer you to the annual report, to be made to you direct, by Bvt. Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, quartermaster, the officer in charge.

Officers commended.-I take great pleasure in bringing to your notice the ability and energy displayed by the several officers stationed at this depot in the discharge of duties which at times were peculiarly arduous and embarrassing, and for which three of them have been rewarded by brevet rank.

Captain E. S. Allen, assistant quartermaster.-In this connection I cannot help asking your attention to my communication of May 5, recommending Captain Edward S. Allen, assistant quartermaster, in charge of water transportation, and whose duties have been so able and satisfactorily performed, for brevet, which I think he so richly merits.

As these officers will report to you direct the operations of their respective branches during the fiscal year, I respectfully refer you to those reports for details.

Conduct of quartermaster's employes.-I also desire to express my satisfaction at the willingness and unanimity that have characterized the conduct of the several employes, and the heartiness with which they entered upon the performance of duties not properly belonging to them as mechanics and laborers, in perfecting themselves in drill, and in going out under military organization to perform necessary labor that could not be supplied from any other source.

Shipments.-Besides the constant duty of supplying stores to the large armies before Richmond, and to the troops while in West Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley, transportation has been furnished troops and stores to New Berne, Wilmington, Hilton Head, and Savannah.

Assistance rendered.-Assistance of a more general character has been rendered when necessary during the year, of which I only mention the following: One hundred cords of wood and twenty-five tons of coal were loaned in the depth of winter, from the supply on hand at Alexandria, to the city corporation of that place, when it could not otherwise be obtained, and by the timely receipt of which a large amount of suffering to the poor was prevented. Five hundred barrels of flour were transported from Georgetown for the American Union Commission, destined for the poor of Petersburg and Richmond, and barracks at the Virginia end of the Long Bridge were

