
Numbers 91. OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS, Savannah, Ga., January 20, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General L. C. EASTON,

Chief Quartermaster Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: In compliance with the requirements of the letter of the Quartermaster-General of the 26th ultimo, I respectfully submit the following memoirs upon the march of the trains and upon the operations of the quartermaster's department of this corps since the army left Atlanta, including all operations up to the occupation of Savannah.

The tabular statements herewith inclosed are copies of a report made by me to the general commanding this corps, and embrace the following statements:

First. Of the mount of forage taken from the country in foraging expeditions sent out under my direction, by which the animals of the army were fed when supplies were cut off by the enemy's destruction of our railroad communications.

Second. Of the movements of the trains of this corps, the time of breaking and going into camp, showing the distance made each day, the place of encampment, the state of the weather, the condition of the roads, and remarks referring to the operations of the troops, so far as they came under my observation.

The means of transportation of this corps on the 31st of October consisted of 794 army wagons and 110 two-horse ambulances. This number was reduced by turning in a large number of vehicles. We began the march with 598 army wagons and 105 ambulances. Of these we did not lose one.

The animals had while in Atlanta been kept at constant labor in transporting to Rough and Ready the baggage of persons going south when ordered to leave the city, and in work upon the fortifications thrown up by our own troops while holding that place. They had suffered, too, greatly for the want of forage before the foraging expeditions were sent out. Hence, on the march we lost or had to abandon a large number of animals, but were able to more than replace them with stock taken from the country. This was greatly superior to any I had ever seen in Government service. We entered Savannah with animals on an average 100 per cent. Better than those we started with; we brought to Savannah few empty wagons; we had on hand every pound of artillery ammunition and almost every pound of small-arm ammunition. No large amount of subsistence stores, except hard- bread, was taken from the train, whilst, on the other hand, a large amount of property of various kinds was added to the loadings.

The troops lived luxuriously and the animals were generously fed. The composition of the column with which we moved was admirable. With a pontoon train, a corps of engineers, and the infantry in part unincumbered and in part distributed along the trains, no impediments delayed us long. We could corduroy many miles of rad, rebuild or construct bridges, and bring our wagons through almost bottomless swamps and over almost impracticable roads.

I cannot suggest any defects in organization, personal or material, of the department as shown by the results of this campaign; on the

