
good, but had two or three swamps to pass through. I would respectfully suggest that improvements might be made in running trains. Instead of moving large trains, say 200 wagons, as an entire train, and on good roads hurrying the rear wagons up to "keep closed up," and jamming up together at bad places and waiting, I would divide the 200 wagons into sections of not more than fifty wagons in each, then place the slowest walking teams I had at the head of each section and move the head of each section as slow as I possibly could, allowing for bad places and the little stops that always will occur through the train. This will keep the last team of each section on a fast walk, and will allow the gaps that must occur to be between sections instead of between wagons. This will give the wagon-masters a chance to attend better to the teams under their charge. The sections are bound to come together at every bad place, and by this means will move much more steadily and avoid all hurry and trotting of teams. Owing to the scarcity of forage adn the impracticability of hitching the mules away from the wagons, the mules very often eat the wagon tongues and end gates so as to spoil them. The iron to protect them cannot always be procured in the field, and I would suggest that all contractors be required to nail strips of iron along the tops of wagon tongues and end gates to prevent the mules from eating them. I think it would be economy to manufacture jockey sticks out of half-inch round iron instead of wood, as so many of them are broken.

I have made these few suggestions (as per invitation), because I think if acted upon they would benefit the service; and hoping they may not be amiss.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. DUNBAR,

Major and Chief Quartermaster Cav. Command, Army of Georgia.

No. 93. OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, South Carolina, January 26, 1865.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

(Through Brigadier General L. C. Easton, chief quartermaster.)

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully report, in compliance with the order of the Quartermaster-General, dated at Savannah, Ga., December 26, 1864, that on the 15th day of November last the Fifteenth Army Corps left Atlanta, Ga., with about 850 six-mule teams and 150 two-horse and two-mule ambulances, divided among the four divisions of the corps, which amounted to about forty teams to the thousand troops for duty, not counting non-effective or civil employes. About 225 of these wagons were loaded with ammunition, each carrying 2,500 pounds net ammunition, which was not diminished much until we commenced the siege of Savannah.

About 500 wagons were loaded with commissary stores, forty-eight boxes of hard bread each, and other stores were more heavily loaded.

The remainder of the trains were loaded with hospital stores, pioneer tools and materials, a small quantity of camp and garrison equipage, and officers" private baggage. Eight wagons were loaded with shoes and socks.

Each wagon and ambulance, in addition, on the start, carried five days" forage of grain and three rounds of shoes for its team. Before this forage was expended plenty was found in the country, and until

