
wagons were emptied by issue forage was gathered and brought in by mounted "bummers."

When we set out our mules were in bad condition, having been starved around Atlanta for want of forage, but soon recruited on the march by good care. Fresh mules were gathered to replace the broken down from persons whose names are unknown, and when we arrived at Savannah our trains were very fine.

An active lieutenant and regimental quartermaster was detailed to assist the division quartermaster in the movement of his trains, and usually remained in the rear with a small detachment of negro pioneers and good, fresh mules, ready harnessed, to help forward any wagon in distress. Miles of corduroy were built almost every day by organized pioneers, without which the trains could not have been moved.

The pontoon train belonging to the Army of the Tennessee was badly appointed and utterly without organization, and therefore caused much trouble and delay. The trains of the Fifteenth Corps were often called upon to go back a day and night's march and haul it up, and finally had to take one-half of it to haul all the time. Why it was in such condition is unknown to me. Had it not been for this matter the march would have been by our trains with ease, and the mules improved every day until we entered Savannah; after which they were soon much reduced for want of forage, having nothing but a very little rice for a considerable time.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. L. FORT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 94. OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Louisville, Ky., July 1, 1865.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully report that at the close of my last annual report, June 30, 1864, I was on duty at Memphis, Tenn., in charge of river transportation and what appertained thereto, by the assignment of Brigadier General Robert Allen, chief quartermaster, and reporting to Captain A. R. Eddy, assistant quartermaster, in charge of the depot, and so continued on duty until September 1. Having been, by direction of the President, assigned to duty as chief quartermaster of the Fifteenth Army Corps, with the rank of lieutenant-colonel from July 21, 1864, was therefore relieved from duty at Memphis, and after transferring the public property in my charge, on the 15th day of September, 1864, left Memphis to join the corps, and proceeded via Cairo, Ill., Louisville, Ky., and Nashville, Tenn., and arrived at Atlanta, Ga., September 25, and reported to Major General P. J. Osterhaus, then commanding the corps, and on the 28th of September was announced as chief quartermaster, and immediately entered upon duty. The corps consisted of four divisions.

October 4, 1864.-The corps, with the other armies under the command of General Sherman, started in pursuit of the rebel army under the command of the rebel General Hood.

The mules of the corps were poor and miserable, and we had no forage. Hood was not overtaken, and General Sherman returned

