
with his army to Atlanta, Ga., early in November, and fitted out as well as possible and loaded the trains with supplies, and on the 15th day of November, 1864, severed all communications with the north and set out on a campaign which, after continued skirmishing, hard marching, and a battle at Griswoldville, the assault of Fort McAllister, and the siege of Savannah, terminated in the capture of that city on the 21st day of December. We foraged upon the country and recruited our animals on the campaign, but there being no forage to be had in Savannah, they soon became considerably reduced.

January 8, 1865.-Major General John A. Logan returned and resumed command of the corps, and a new campaign was begun through South Carolina.

The corps proceeded to Beaufort, S. C., partly by small ocean steamers and partly by water. It rained in torrents almost every day and the whole country was flooded.

January 28.-The corps began to move from Beaufort; passed Pocotaligo, and then floundered on through the mud and water to Columbia, the capital of the State of South Carolina, which was captured, occupied, and burned on the 17th day of February, having had continued fighting and skirmishing from Savannah.

February 21.-We again resumed our march, and thousands of refugees-white, black, and mixed-followed. The roads were worse. We had to corduroy and bridge miles of swamp every day. Captured Cheraw, S. C., Fayetteville, N. C., and on the 20th and 21st days of March had a battle at and near Bentonville, N. C., and entered Goldsborough, N. C., March 24, where we received supplies.

April 10.-We again set out on another campaign. The roads were very bad. We reached, captured, and entered Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina, April 13, and here we rested until the rebel General Johnston surrendered his army to General Sherman, when we made ready to march homeward.

April 29.-We set out lightly loaded for Washington City, and of course having no opposition, reached Alexandria, Va., via Petersburg and Richmond, May 19, 1865.

Major-General Logan having been assigned to the command of the Army of the Tennessee, Major-General Hazen assumed command of the Fifteenth Army Corps May 22 [23].

May 24.-The corps was received in Washington City, and immediately after commenced embarkation by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad via Parkersburg, and by the Ohio River in transports, to Louisville, Ky., where the corps went into camp, and now awaits orders.

No public property for which I was accountable has been lost, destroyed, or captured during the year, and all forage gathered and all property captured during the year by the corps has been taken up and accounted for by the division quartermasters.

2. Reference is respectfully made to a statement made in accordance with Form A, to be filled herewith.

3. Reference is respectfully had to a statement made in accordance with Form B, to be filled herewith.

4. Reference is respectfully made to a statement of public moneys, to be filled herewith.

5. Reference is respectfully made to a statement of the amount of transportation furnished during the year, to be filled herewith.

6. I have the honor to respectfully state that I have performed no duties during the year that could not be reported under this head.

