
No. 95. HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Louisville, Ky., July 1, 1865.

In accordance with General Orders, No. 29, Quartermaster-General's Office, dated Washington, D. C., July 6, 1864, I submit herewith my annual report for the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 1865.

My report as assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, on duty as such with the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, for fiscal year ending the 30th day of June, 1864, was forwarded from in front of Atlanta, Ga., during the month of July last. Concerning my services previously to the present report I have the honor to refer the department to that report, merely stating here that on the 1st day of July, 1864, I was still on duty, by order of the chief quartermaster of the Department of the Cumberland, as assistant quartermaster, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

July 1, 1864.-The Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, was still lying in front of Kenesaw Mountain, where it remained until the falling back of General Joe Johnston.

July 3.-Started at daylight with the train across Pine Mountain, toward Marietta, Ga., this place having been during the night evacuated by the rebel forces. Owing to the great number of transportation on the road leading from Big Shanty to Marietta, on the right of Kenesaw Mountain, was unable to proceed farther than to the neighborhood of Marietta; went in camp about one mile from Military Institute; water and grazing good; weather warm.

July 4.-Started at daylight; passed by Military Institute; took county cross-roads to the right of Marietta and Chattahoochee Railroad bridge road; camped near a good large spring, about seven miles from Marietta; weather very warm; distance of day's march, eight miles.

July 5.-In camp.

July 6.-Started at daylight on the road leading toward Vining's Station; camped about equal distance from the Chattahoochee River and Vining's Station, to the right of wagon road from Marietta to Chattahoochee bridge; distance of day's march, nine miles; weather very warm.

July 6 to July 17.-In camp; supplies drawn from depot at Marietta; refitted Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, with the required estimates of clothing, &amp;c.

July 18.-Started at 2.30 a.m., Vining's Station; camped half a mile beyond Vining's Station, near Chattahoochee River; distance of day's march, four miles; weather very warm.

July 19 to July 23.-In camp repairing transportation.

July 24.-Crossed Chattahoochee River with train; camped four miles from Atlanta, about one mile from railroad.

July 25 to August 3.-In camp; weather very warm; drawing forage from Vining's Station.

August 4.-Directed by Colonel A. J. Mackay to receive and issue the full estimates of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and quartermaster's stores to the Fourteenth Army Corps.

August 5 to August 8.-Very busy issuing; supplies having been sent without invoices, and having been unloaded at Vining's Station without having been notified, causes me to take double care in invoicing as well as issuing same.

