
August 9 to 19, inclusive.-In camp; was ordered to report, by direction of General Thomas, commanding the department, to commanding officer Fourteenth Army Corps, in the capacity as acting chief quartermaster Fourteenth Army Corps.

August 20.-Troops moving in the morning, but return to old camp at night; weather very fine.

August 21 to August 24.-In camp, transferring transportation to Lieutenant A. L. Coe, acting assistant quartermaster, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

August 25.-Started at 7 a.m.; moved eight miles to the right; weather fine.

August 26.-Started at 12.30 p.m. toward the right; heavy rain, making road very bad; camped at 6.30 p.m.; distance of march, six and a half miles.

August 27.-Moved at daylight in southwest direction; distance of march, one mile.

August 28.-Started at daylight; progress very slow; camped at night at Red Oak Station; weather cloudy.

August 29.-In camp.

August 30.-Moved nearly direct south course to-day; march during day, seven miles.

August 31.-Moved three miles; heavy skirmishing and shelling.

September 1.-Train in camp near Jonesborough; troops heavily engage.

September 1 to 6, inclusive.-In camp near Jonesborough.

September 7.-Started at daylight for Atlanta.

September 8.-Arrive with train at Atlanta.

September 9 to October 3.-In camp at Atlanta.

CAMPAIGN AFTER HOOD.

October 3, 1864.-Left Atlanta, Ga., on the return after Hood. The Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, having been ordered to the rear by the railroad on the 29th of September, I was directed by General J. C. Davis, commanding the corps, to order the trains of that division to remain at Atlanta, Ga.; camped at the railroad bridge across the Chattahoochee; distance of day's march, eight miles.

October 4.-Started at 8.30 a.m.; camped at old camp, eight miles from Marietta, but having been in camp about three hours received marching orders; left again at 4 p.m. on a road leading toward Mount Zion Church; went in camp at 9 p.m.; distance of day's march, nine miles; rained slight showers during the day.

October 5.-Started at daylight on a road leading toward Acworth; weather clear, but very warm; camped one mile from Acworth; good water and grazing.

October 6 to 9.-In camp.

October 10.-Started at daylight to Allatoona Pass, five miles from Acworth; arrived there at 9 a.m.; camped at Allatoona Pass till 8 p.m.; received orders to push forward to Etowah River that night; camped on bank of Etowah; arrived at 2 a.m.

October 12.-Left camp at 7 a.m.; passed through Cartersville, Cass Station; camped at Kingston, Ga.; weather very warm; distance of day's march, sixteen miles; succeeded in drawing grain at Kingston, Ga., for use of corps.

October 13.-Left camp with corps train on upper river road; road very swampy; must be impassable in rainy weather; corduroyed fully

