
two miles of road; camped on Rome and Resaca dirt road, five miles from Rome; country rich; succeeded in getting forage from the country for the first time since leaving Atlanta, Ga.; distance of day's march, thirteen miles.

October 14.-Left camp on Rome and Resaca road; the transportation of the army being all on the road, makes it slow progress; distance of day's march, nine miles; forage plenty; road hilly, and plenty of water.

October 15.-Left camp at daylight; passed through Calhoun Station and Resaca Station; camped two and a half miles from Resaca, on Dalton dirt road; distance of day's march, fourteen and a half miles.

October 16.-Left camp at 2.30 p.m. for Resaca; ordered to make Snake Creek Gap; transportation being all on the Snake Creek Gap road, had to lay over till 7 p.m.; camped near Snake Creek Gap; arrived in camp at 10 p.m.; distance of day's march, seven miles.

October 17.-Passed through Snake Creek Gap, having left camp at 5 a.m.; camped at Ship's Gap; distance of day's travel, fifteen miles; day warm; forage scarce.

October 18.-Left Ship's Gap, on Summerville road; weather clear; distance of day's march, twelve miles.

October 19.-Started at daylight; made ten miles; camped near Chattooga River; weather clear; crossed Chattooga River after dark.

October 20.-Started at 10 a.m.; passed through Summerville, Ga.; town deserted; camped near Tacoosa Creek, bottom land, near Gaylesville, Ala.; distance of day's march, fourteen miles; forage plenty.

October 20 to 29.-In camp; directed train of First Division and Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, to report at Rome, Ga., after rations for command, with orders to remain at that point until further orders.

October 30.-Started at 4 a.m. for Rome, Ga., on Rome and Gaylesville road; weather fair; distance of day's march, twenty- six miles; road good.

October 31.-In camp at Rome, Ga.

November 1.-Started at 11.30 a.m.; camped on main road from Rome to Kingston, Ga., eight miles from Rome, near good water; day very fine.

November 2.-Started at daylight for Kingston, Ga.; camped at Kingston, Ga.; weather fine; distance of day's march, five miles.

November 3 to 8.-In camp at Kingston, Ga.

November 8.-Left camp at daylight; passed through Cassville; camped at Cartersville; distance of day's march, sixteen miles; weather cloudy.

November 8 to 12.-In camp at Cartersville, preparing for march toward the sea.

November 13.-Left Cartersville; destroyed bridge across Etowah River; cut loose from communication; passed through Allatoona, six miles; Acworth, five miles; camped at Big Shanty, five miles; distance of day's march, sixteen miles; railroad destroyed effectually.

November 14.-Left camp at daylight; seven miles to Marietta, twelve miles from the Chattanooga River; camped on the south side of Chattahoochee River; distance of day's march, nineteen miles.

November 15.-Left camp at daylight; arrived with corps train at Atlanta, Ga., about noon, having made with the trains of the Fourteenth Army Corps (Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, excepted) 245

