
miles since the 3rd day of October, 1864. Immediately on the arrival at Atlanta I directed the quartermasters of the Fourteenth Army Corps to draw the estimates of clothing and forage required, I having forwarded a special messenger from Kingston, Ga., to Lieutenant A. L. Coe, acting assistant quartermaster, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, with the estimates and orders for Lieutenant A. L. Coe to draw the same and have everything ready on our arrival at Atlanta. The issues were made with such dispatch that twenty-four hours after our arrival the clothing had been issued to the troops, and all wagons were loaded with the necessary supply for a forward march.

CAMPAIGN THROUGH GEORGIA.

November 16.-Left Atlanta, Ga., at 11.30 a.m.; camped near Atlanta and Augusta Railroad, seventeen miles from Atlanta; weather fair; road leading to the right of Stone Mountain.

November 17.-Started at daylight, road leading through Lithonia Station and Conyers; day fine; forage getting plenty; distance of day's march, fifteen miles; camped near Yellow River.

November 18.-Started at daylight; passed through Covington; day very fine; forage plenty and country well watered; soil sandy; distance of day's march, fifteen miles.

November 19.-Started at daylight; passed through Newborn, or Sandtown, having left the road parallel with the railroad about 9 a.m.; camped for miles from Shady Dale; distance of day's march, seventeen miles; weather cloudy, with occasional slight rain- storms; country rich.

November 20.-Started at daylight; passed through Shady Dale; camped near Eatonton factory, and about fifty bales of cotton destroyed; factory employed about sixty hands in the manufacture of cotton cloth, good water power; country rich; distance of day's march, fourteen miles.

November 21.-Started at daylight; shortly rained very hard all day; country hilly; hills yellow clay mixed with sand, which by the passage of army trains cut up very fast; crossed several creeks at good fords; camped at night at Clopton's Mills; 9 p.m., very high wind, turning exceedingly cold; 4 a.m. of 22nd, a light crust of ice on standing water; distance of march, eleven miles.

November 22.-Started at daylight; weather very cold, with high wind; marched eight miles; camped about 2 p.m. at General Cobb's plantation; trains well closed up.

November 23.-Started at daylight; arrived at Milledgeville, the capital of Georgia, about noon; weather fine; forage adn water plenty; roads sandy; distance of march, ten miles.

November 24.-Started at noon; crossed Oconee River on bridge; country hilly; soil sandy; forage getting scarcer; camped eight miles from Milledgeville, on Sandersville road; weather fine.

November 25.-Started at daylight; country hilly; have to go some distance off the road to procure sufficient forage for animals; distance of day's march, twelve miles.

November 26.-Started at daylight; slight skirmishing ahead; trains are traveling very compact, with heavy flankers on both sides; weather fine; camped at Sandersville; distance of day's march, six miles; forage plenty and near the main road.

November 27.-Started at daylight, but troops being on the same road, do not get fairly off before noon; weather fine; arrive in camp

