
near Central Railroad after dark; distance of day's march, eight miles.

November 28.-Started at daylight; passed through Davisborough Station; burned station-house, several cotton gins, and effectually destroyed the railroad; crossed Ogeechee River and Rocky Comfort on pontoons; about two miles of very bad swamp; corduroyed through the swamp; arrive with a portion of the corps train at Louisville, Ga.; balance remains on the south side of the Ogeechee River, with orders to push forward at break of day; distance of day's march, fourteen miles.

November 29.-In camp at Louisville; trains all arrive in camp.

November 30.-In camp; weather fine; forage plenty.

December 1.-Left Louisville at daylight on Waynesborough road; day very fine; soil sandy; distance of march, ten miles.

December 2.-Started at daylight; country getting more swampy; saw the first rice field on the campaign; weather fine; distance of march, twelve miles.

December 3.-Started at daylight for Sampson's Station; crossed Buck Head Creek and Rocky Creek, near junction of same, on two boats (pontoons) each; bridges had been destroyed the night previously by some rebel cavalry, said to belong to Wheeler's command; cross three swamps; road seems to be leading around every man's plantation; distance of day's march, eleven miles; camped at Lumpkin's Station at 9 p.m.; slight shower; forage plenty.

December 4.-Started at 9 a.m.; passed Habersham Church; marched thirteen miles on Jacksborough road, mostly through pine timber.

December 5.-Started at daylight; leave Jacksonborough on our left, and take the old U. S. river mail road; camp at Buck Creek Post-Office; soil sandy; mostly through pine timber, and all low places swampy; have to forage some distance off the road; distance of day's march, sixteen miles.

December 6.-Started at daylight; road passed through swamp immediately after leaving camp on U. S. river mail road, two miles and a half from Savannah River; distance of day's march, twenty-one miles. Scouting and foraging parties find a good many valuable animals hid in the swamps; natives are astonished at the Yankees finding everything; begin to think it is useless to hide from our foragers; quartermasters of the corps are directed to load their trains as heavily as possible with forage and commissary supplies, and, if possible, to forage liberally for that purpose.

December 7.-Marched at daylight; found roads blockaded at four different places and very swampy; camped twenty-seven miles from Savannah, Ga., near Ebenezer Creek; distance of day's march, twelve miles; rained very hard all forenoon.

December 8.-Started at 1 p.m.; crossed two miles of swamp, then Ebenezer Creek; camped near Ebenezer Church; distance of day's march, three miles; twenty-four miles from Savannah, Ga.; rebel gun-boat trying to shell the train, but does no damage.

December 9.-Started at daylight, through very bad swamp; cross two creeks on pontoons; camped four miles form Charleston and Savannah Railroad bridge across the Savannah; distance of march, nine miles, mostly swampy; distance from Savannah, fifteen miles; weather cloudy.

December 10.-Started at daylight; distance of march, four miles; camped near Charleston and Savannah Railroad, eleven miles from Savannah, Ga.; passed a rebel fort pierced for six guns.

