
corduroying constantly; camped at dark in the midst of a swamp three miles from Springfield; distance of day's march, ten miles.

January 27.-Marched at daylight; one mile of very bad swamp before reaching Springfield; leaving Springfield, took Sister's Ferry road; forded Turkey Creek in the immediate neighborhood of Springfield; crossed Ebenezer Creek a few miles on two pontoons; directly after crossing the last-mentioned creek, a swamp extending about 100 yards, which delayed the passage of the trains for several hours, then timber, with high sandy soil; camped in timber five miles from Springfield; distance of day's march, eight miles.

January 28.-Started at daylight; the road, until striking the old U. S. river mail road, good, then swampy; camped at Sister's Ferry; distance of day's march, five miles.

January 28 to February 4.-In camp at Sister's Ferry, Ga., waiting for Savannah River to recede, it being impossible to get a footing on the South Carolina shore.

February 5.-Crossed Savannah River at Sister's Ferry on pontoon bridge; kept on the north side of the Savannah to Sister's Ferry, S. C., distance about two miles, which was on our arrival on January 28 under water, and in consequence, to enable army trains to proceed, had to be corduroyed.

February 6 and 7.-Receiving supplies, clothing as well as commissaries, at Sister's Ferry, S. C.; supplies and outfits now pretty complete with exception of stockings, of which there is great want in this corps.

February 8.-Trains of the Fourteenth Army Corps on road for Brighton, S. C.; tooko Hudson Ferry road, which avoids Big Santee Swamp, with exception of an arm of one mile and a half; corduroyed this distance; afterward struck causeway, and road fair; distance of march, seven miles.

February 9.-Marched at daylight on Barnwell Court-House road; road good, and forage, contrary to expectation, is getting plenty; day very fine; roads hilly; soil sandy.

February 10.-Marched at daylight; still on Barnwell Court-House road; saw first white flag at Mrs. Doctor Irwin's, widow lady, claiming protection; camped near Salkehatchie Mills road, on the Savannah Iron Ridge; very good; forage plenty; distance of day's march, twenty-eight miles.

February 11.-Crossed Salkehatchie; had swamp for three-quarters of a mile; passed through Barnwell Court-House; camped three miles of Barnwell Court-House on Williston road; distance of day's march, six miles.

February 12.-Marched at daylight; passed with train through Williston, on Charleston and Savannah Railroad; camped on south branch of Edisto River; distance of day's march, sixteen miles; weather fine; roads sandy and good.

February 13.-Crossed Edisto on bridge; then one mile and a half of bad swamp; had to corduroy the whole distance; camped on edge of swamp, in large corn-field.

February 14.-Left camp at 9 a.m., on Columbia road, Upper Edisto River; camped on north bank of the same; weather very cold and sleety; distance of day's march, sixteen miles; forage getting very scarce; pine lumber all the way.

February 15.-Marched at daylight; after a few miles, when in the neighborhood of eighteen miles from Columbia, S. C., took Lexington road; road very sandy; country barren; forage scarce for one day's

