
supply, although parties are scouring the country for miles on either side of the road; natives claim from five to ten bushels of corn to the acre; camp in pine timber on Red Bank Creek; distance of day's march, sixteen miles.

February 16.-Started at daylight; passed through Lexington, S. C., at noon; camped on Twelve-Mile Creek; distance, nine miles; weather clear; forage scarce, but water plenty.

February 17.-Started at daylight; crossed the Saluda River on seventeen pontoons; took Columbia and Florence road; camped four miles from Spring Hill road; distance of day's march, fifteen miles; forage to-day plenty; over 3,000 bushels of corn burned by some stragglers against orders.

February 18.-Marched at daylight; camped one mile from Broad River; distance traveled, five miles; road had to be corduroyed for two miles; weather clear and fine.

February 19.-Crossed Broad River on pontoon bridge; camped three miles from Broad River, on Alston road; road for half a mile after leaving the river very bad, swampy, then good.

February 20.-Marched at daylight; camped near Alston and Winnsborough Cross-Roads; road good; soil, red clay; forage plenty; weather fine; distance of march, five miles.

February 21.-Marched at daylight; crossed Little River on bridge; left Winnsborough road and took Chester Court-House road; crossed Jackson's Creek, near Lebanon Church; camped two miles and a half from Adger's Station, on South Carolina and Charlotte Railroad; country rich; weather fine; distance of day's march, ten miles.

February 22.-Marched at daylight; passed through Adger's Station and White Oak Station, on South Carolina and Charlotte Railroad; leave the railroad at the latter point and take the Wateree dirt road; camp near Wateree Church; distance of march, eleven miles; weather fine, but toward evening signs of clouding up; got in camp at 2 p.m.

February 23.-Marched at daylight; crossed Wateree Creek on log bridge; commences to rain; camp near Rocky Mount, on Catawba River; distance of day's march, twelve miles.

February 24.-Started at 11 a.m.; rains in torrents; crossed Catawba River with First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; banks on both sides very high; soil, red clay; have to corduroy and pull up all teams by run; it requires thirty-two pontoons to bridge the river; river rising very fast.

February 25.-Raining very hard; have to quit passing trains; bridge is broken, and several boats swept away; forage in Catawba Bottom plenty.

February 26.-Still raining; bridge not yet passable; large force at work on it.

February 27.-Still raining; repairing bridge, but current so swift and strong that it is impossible to pass the train; fixing anchors of wood by cutting down large oak trees and tying, by means of fifth-chains, large rocks in the point of the crotch made by the two principal branches of it.

February 28.-Bridge is safe to-day; crossed transportation of the corps on the north side; still raining; mud bottomless; nothing but corduroy of the strongest and heaviest kind will uphold the trains.

March 1.-Started at daylight; roads bottomless; soil, red clay; corduroying all day; on country byroad toward Taxahaw, S. C.; distance of day's march, seventeen miles; still raining.

