
March 2.-Started at daylight; road still red clay and bottomless; camped at Taxahaw, S. C.; high winds in the evening and appearance of clearing up; forage plenty.

March 3.-Started at daylight; after four miles of red clay soil, which still is next to impossible, strike sandy soil; take the Lancaster and Chesterfield road, twenty miles from Lancaster; leave Lancaster and Chesterfield road nine miles from Chesterfield; take Harley's Ferry road; camped three miles from the cross-roads; the last three miles of red clay soil, requiring corduroy; distance of day's march, twenty-three miles.

March 4.-Started at daylight; after hour miles of red clay soil, strike sandy road; distance of day's march, sixteen miles; rained showers during the day, in the evening clearing up; camped near Sandsborough Ferry, on Pedee River.

March 5 and 6.-In camp.

March 7.-Crossed the Pedee River on pontoon bridge of forty-two pontoons; marched fifteen miles on Fayetteville road; soil, after crossing Pedee River, sandy; forage plenty.

March 8.-Marched at daylight; crossed Lumber River on a bridge- bridge about fifty yards in length; camped near thirty-four-mile post, on Fayetteville road; distance of day's march, twenty miles.

March 9.-Started at daylight; camped at nineteen-mile post from Fayetteville; raining all day; distance of march, fifteen miles; have to corduroy large portions of the road.

March 10.-Marched at daylight; camped at nine-mile post from Fayetteville; distance of day's march, ten miles; still have to corduroy large portions of the road.

March 11.-Marched at daylight; captured Fayetteville, N. C.; distance of day's march, nine miles; established corps headquarters in Government building, near the old U. S. arsenal.

March 12 and 13.-In camp at Fayetteville, drawing commissary supplies and a few pairs of boots and bootees for this corps.

March 14.-Crossed Cape Fear River on seventeen pontoon-boats; camped one mile and a half from the river; weather fine, evening, clouding up.

March 15.-In camp; 12 m. received orders to proceed with train on Raleigh road; road leads through a swamp, and being an old workout corduroy, so much the worse; a heavy thunder-storm; distance of day's march, six miles and a half.

March 16.-Wait for trains of corps to close up; 1 p.m. proceed on Raleigh road to the intersection of Goldsborough road; road very bad; have to corduroy continually; distance of day's march, five miles; forage scarce.

March 17.-Started at daylight, with the trains of the corps, on Goldsborough road; road through, as the citizens informed me, is a continual swamp till within the immediate neighborhood of Goldsborough; have to corduroy every inch of two day's road; distance of march, five miles; forage scarce.

March 18.-Started at daylight; nothing but swamp; slow work to get ahead; crossed Black River on a log bridge; distance of day's march, five miles; forage scarce.

March 20.-Started at 1 p.m.; still swamp; corduroyed constantly; distance of day's march, five miles; weather fine.

March 21.-Started at 9 a.m.; crossed South Fork of Falling Creek; road very bad; commenced raining about noon; distance of day's march, five miles.

