
March 22.-Commenced moving train across North Fork of Falling Creek at 2 a.m.; crossed the creek on a log bridge; two miles after crossing creek strike upland, with sandy soil; camped at cross-roads of Cox's Bridge and Everettsville and Goldsborough and Dead Fields, about three-quarters of a mile from Neuse River, and about five miles from Goldsborough, N. C.; distance of day's march, fifteen miles; weather fine; forage plenty.

March 23.-In camp; ordered trains of the corps to Kinston for supplies; weather fine.

March 24.-Left camp; crossed Neuse River on eight pontoons; established headquarters at Goldsborough, N. C. The capture of Goldsborough, N. C., being the close of the campaign from Savanah, Ga., it will not be amiss at this place to give the gains of the quartermaster's department of the Fourteenth Army Corps during that time. Taking into consideration the long marches through swamps, compelling often that the transportation should be harnessed the largest portion of night and day to enable it to keep up with the troops, has naturally been the cause that the percentage of animals abandoned, killed, and died is larger than on the previous campaign from Atlanta to Savannah, Ga.; the same remarks will apply to the feeding of forage as have been enumerated at length on the close of my report of the Atlanta and Savannah (Ga.) campaign.

For particulars of the captures, &amp;c., of animals during the campaign through the Carolinas, I have the honor to refer to consolidated statement, marked No. 5, herewith annexed. I will only enumerate at this time totals, namely: Total number of horses gained from Savannah to Goldsborough, N. C., 361; number of mules, 806. Total amount of grain captured from Savannah to Goldsborough, N. C., 2,867,820 pounds; total amount of hay, 4,055 pounds. Total amount of fodder captured from Savannah to Goldsborough, N. C., 2,730,460 pounds.

March 25 to April 9, inclusive.-Stationed at Goldsborough, N. C., engaged in completely fitting out the command. How necessary this was it will only need to be mentioned that this corps many of the men having really no shoes, stockings, &c., on their arrival at Goldsborough, N. C. I would most respectfully draw the attention of the department to the utter uselessness of sewed boots and bootees for troops on the march. From an experience of four years in the quartermaster's department in the field, I do not hesitate to say and give it as my firm opinion, and have no doubt that the same is shared by every quartermaster in the Western army, that the same, where troops are on the march adn cannot draw new ones every two weeks, are worthless; and so well is this understood by every one in this army that it is an impossibility to issue any sewed shoes when any peg shoes can be procured.

April 10.-Having completely fitted out, the trains were ordered to start at daylight on the Smithfield road about two miles from Goldborough; crossed Little River on a bridge; then road for about six miles good; thence strike swamp, which, it having commenced raining during the forenoon, was soon impassable, and had to fall back on corduroying; camped at night on the crossing of the Smithfield dirt road with the Raleigh and Goldsborough Railroad; distance of day's march, eleven miles.

April 11.-Started at daylight on road through swamps all day; crossed Moccasin Swamp and Creek; distance of day's march, ten

27 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

