
miles; corduroyed the whole distance; camped three miles from Smithfield; weather cloudy; forage scarce-hardly any.

April 12.-Started at daylight on road to Smithfield; three miles swamp, and exceedingly hard to corduroy it; arrived at Smithfield with the head of the corps train about 10 a.m.; received the glorious news of Lee's surrender; mass train at Smithfield for the purpose of closing up, the roads being in so bad a condition as to make it nearly impossible to run it in close order. 2 p.m.- Crossed the Neuse River on eight pontoons; take Raleigh road, which is hard and in good condition; camp near Clayton's Station; distance of day's march, fifteen miles.

April 13.-Started at daylight; passed through Clayton's Station; enter Raleigh, N. C., capital of the State, about noon; distance of day's march, fifteen miles; road hilly; red clay; weather cloudy; captured several car-loads of corn and salt; corn slightly damaged by fire.

April 14.-Left Raleigh at 10 a.m. on Hillsborough road, leaving it about seven miles from town, for Jones" Cross-Roads; camped at Jones" Cross-Roads; distance of day's march, fifteen miles; weather sultry and clouding up; roads good; road after leaving railroad in timber.

April 15.-Started at daylight; rain pouring down, making roads impassable; took road to Holly Springs; had to corduroy every foot of the road; distance of day's march, five miles.

April 16.-Started at daylight on Aven's Ferry road; camped with corps trains six miles from Cape Fear River; troops have possession of both banks of the river; roads fair; weather fine; distance of march, six miles; forage plenty.

April 17 to April 19, inclusive.-In camp; foraging on the country.

April 20.-Marched back to Holly Springs; distance, six miles; weather fine.

April 21 and 22.-In camp.

April 23.-General J. C. Davis ordered myself with office to Raleigh to attend to the wants of the quartermaster's department of corps; distance, fifteen miles; road hilly; weather fine.

April 23 to April 27.-In camp; received orders to prepare for homeward march; Johnston's surrender.

April 28 and 29.-Loading trains for homeward march.

April 30.-Leave Raleigh, N. C., on Hillsborough road, to Morrisville Station, then turn to the right for Fish Dam, N. C.; camped on south bank of Winn River; weathr fine; roads good; must, however, after a few days" rain, require a good deal of corduroying before passing trains over them; distance of day's march, twenty-nine miles.

May 1.-Marched at daylight; crossed Neuse River-fordable; crossed Tar River on upper ford of Oxford road-fordable, but rocky; camped at Oxford, N. C.; weather fair; distance of day's march, twenty-two miles.

May 2.-Marched at daylight on Boydton (Va.) road; passed through Williamsborough; camped on Roanoke River, at Taylor's Ferry; distance of march, twenty-eight miles; roads good; weather fair; have to wait for pontoon section of Twentieth Corps to come up; river too wide for one section of the pontoon train of the Left Wing.

May 3.-By pontoon train delayed seven hours; crossed Roanoke River at 12 m.; camped at Boydton, Va.; distance of day's march, seven miles; weather fine; road good; thirty-three pontoons required to bridge Roanoke River.

May 4.-March at daylight on Lewiston road; weather cloudy; road red clay; camp at Lewiston, or Lunenburg Court-House; distance of march, twenty-seven miles.

