
May 5.-Camp broken up, and leave at 5 a.m.; cross south branch of Nottoway Crek at the falls; also north branch of Nottoway Creek- the last has very high banks; pass through Nottoway Court-House at 12 m., having made twenty miles in the forenoon; camp thirteen miles from Nottoway Court-House; distance of day's march, thirty- three miles; weather very warm.

May 6.-Start from camp at 4.30 a.m.; cross Black and White Creek; cross the Appomattox at * * * bridge on nine pontoon boats; camp near Swift Creek, fourteen miles from Richmond; distance of day's march, thirty miles.

May 7.-March at 4.30 a.m.; arrive at Manchester at 9 a.m.; distance of day's march, fourteen miles, having made the trip from Raleigh, N. C., including a delay of seven hours at Taylor's Ferry, N. C., on account of laying pontoon-boats, in seven days and four hours; distance, as traveled by Fourteenth Army Corps; 190 miles, or an average of twenty-seven miles per day.

May 8,9, and 10.-In camp at Manchester, Va., preparing for march to Alexandria, Va.

May 11.-Start at daylight; cross James River; pass through Richmond, trains going out on the Mechanicsville pike; cross Chickahominy Creek; camp at Hanover Court-House; distance of day's march, eighteen miles; weather sultry, with appearance of thunderstorm. 9 p.m.-Heavy storm; rain falls in torrents.

May 12.-Marched at 7 a.m.; crossed Pamunkey Creek at Page's [Littlepage's] Bridge; pontoons to be railed every hour; creek rising very rapidly; cross Aquia Creek and Richmond railroad at Chesterfield Station; camp near Mount Carmel Church; distance of day's march, seventeenth miles; road hilly; weather fine.

May 13.-Start at 6.30 a.m. on road for Raccoon Ford; pass through Chilesburg and New Market Post-Office; camp at Three-Cornered Handkerchief; distance of march, seventeen miles.

May 14.-Started at 4.30 a.m.; passed Steward's Tavern; camped north side of Rapidan, at Raccoon Ford; weather fine; splendid grazing; distance of march, thirty-three miles.

May 15.-Ordered, with office, forward; leave Raccoon Ford at 4.30 a.m.; pass through Stevensburg, Brandy; cross Rappahannock at Beverly Ford; camp three miles from Warrenton, Va.; distance of day's march, twenty-five miles; country very fertile.

May 16.-Start at 5.30 a.m.; pass through Warrenton, New Baltimore, Buckland, and Gainesville; camp one mile from Centerville, on Fairfax Court-House road; distance of day's march, twenty-five miles.

May 17.-Start at 5.30 a.m.; camp with trains at Fairfax Court- House; report from thence by railroad to General L. C. Easton, chief quartermaster Fourteenth Army Corps.

May 18.-Started with trains for Alexandria; established headquarters two miles from Alexandria; raining all day.

May 19 to 23.-In camp, refitting men with necessary clothing and camp equipage.

May 24.-Grand review of Sherman's army at Washington City.

May 25.-Cross Potomac River and camp two miles from Washington.

May 26 to June 14.-In camp.

June 25 to June 19.-On board of cars and transported via Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Parkersburg, Va.; from thence to Louisville by boat.

