
Fifth. All other movable property, including rolling-stock of all kinds, the property of the United States, to be sold at auction after full public notice to the highest bidder.

Sixth. All rolling-stock and materials of railroads captured by the forces of the United States, and not consumed, destroyed, or permanently fixed elsewhere, as, for instance, when captured iron has been laid upon other roads, shall be placed at the disposal of the roads which originally owned the same, and shall be given up to these roads as soon as it can be spared, and they appear by proper agents authorized to receive it.

Seventh. No payment or credit shall be given to any railroad recaptured from the public enemy for its occupation or use by the United States during the continuance of the military necessity which compelled the United States to take possession of it; but its capture and restoration shall be deemed a sufficient consideration for all such use; nor shall any indemnity be paid for injuries done to the property of any road by the forces of the United States during the continuance of the war.

Eighth. Roads which have not been operated by the U. S. Quartermaster's Department not to be interfered with unless under military necessity, such roads to be left in possession of such persons as may now have possession, subject only to the removal of every agent, director, president, superintendent, or operative who has not taken the oath of allegiance to the United States.

Ninth. When superintendents in actual possession decline to take the oath, some competent person shall be appointed as receiver of the road, who shall administer its affairs and account for its receipts to the board of directors, who may be formally recognized as the legal and loyal board of managers; the receiver to be appointed by the Treasury Department, as in the case of abandoned property.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 29, 1865.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE:

Referring to my telegram of May 18, I have the honor to inform you that the order for muster out of volunteer white troops (except Veteran Reserve Corps) whose terms expire prior to October 1 next has been extended to include all armies and departments.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Missouri, and Kentucky.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 29, 1865.

DEPARTMENT COMMANDERS:

Please announce that General Orders, Numbers 36, of 1862, with the three notes attached relating to discharge of the sick, will be applied in all

