
June 20 to June 30, inclusive.-At camp on Bardstown pike, two miles from Louisville, Ky.

On the arrival of the Fourteenth Army Corps the trains of the same were divided as follows: Each regiment had one wagon; brigade headquarters, three; division headquarters, four teams, and corps headquarters, five teams. The balance of transportation was organized into supply, ammunition, and hospital trains. Each regimental, brigade, and division headquarters team had to carry, besides the baggage, at least five days" rations of forage for the animals of their respective command. The supply and ammunition trains of the corps were in charge of the division quartermaster, and each supply train of a division divided into sections of from twenty-five to thirty teams, in charge of a commissioned officer detailed and half responsible for the taking care of and running of the train. These officers, having two wagon-masters to each section of their trains, were therefore at all might be, as well at the head as at the rear of their train, and could therefore, under all circumstances, keep their trains closed up-in my opinion one of the most desirable principles in running a train when there is a large amount of transportation on the same road.

I would most respectfully call the attention of the Quartermaster's Department, as far as my opinion and the opinion of all the quartermasters of this corps is concerned, to the utter uselessness of portable forges for active campaigns. Having been on a constant campaign from Chattanooga, in May, 1864, to Washington City, in June, 1865, constantly compelled to use every spare minute for the purpose of repairing transportation and shoeing animals, frequently after a long day's march and after night, has proven that bellows will do better if properly fixed up, are quicker got ready, adn suitable as well for repairing a wagon wheel or shoeing an animal. The following description of a blacksmith shop, as attached to wing section of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, train, as well as most others, will give a slight idea of what, in my opinion, I have found to work with the utmost quickness and dispatch: Fix a wagon bed on a two-horse wagon (ours were all captured) long enough at the rear so as to rest a small-sized blacksmith's bellows, with the nozzle extending outside of the bed; then fix a small and light frame- work above the bellows, which, when the shop is in operation, supports the lever. A wooden box, two feet square and ten inches deep, filled when in operation with earth, constitutes the forge, it being transported empty on the march. The front part of the wagon is used for transporting one set of blacksmith's tools, one set of wheelwright's tools, horse and mule shoes, &amp;c., and a small quantity of coal. The wagon to be covered and drawn by two or four mules; the latter, on a long campaign, the best. Two blacksmiths and one wagon-maker will be found plenty to keep constantly in good order a section of from twenty-five to thirty teams.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. REMINGTON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster Fourteenth Army Corps.

Statement of quartermaster's property for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.*

Statement of clothing and camp and garrison equipage for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.*

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

