
batteries, corps headquarters, and regimental, brigade, and division headquarters trains left Savannah on the new campaign, crossing the islands into South Carolina; to-day the balance of the corps (Second Division troops and corps train) marched from Savannah on west side of river toward Sister's Ferry. General Barnum's brigade takes charge of train.

Saturday, January 28.-Left camp 7.30 a.m.; arrived in pine woods 6.30 p.m.; distance, 14.41 miles; weather fine, but very cold; roads heavy and swampy. Passed through good works, forts, &amp;c., that had been built to oppose our progress to Savannah.

Sunday, January 29.-Left camp 7 a.m.; arrived at Mallett's farm, two miles and a half from Sister's Ferry, 2 p.m.; distance, 11.61 miles; weather fine, cold; roads pretty good. Passed through Springfield-nothing but chimneys standing. Came up with Fourteenth Corps, which left Savannah one day before we did. Ordered to send teams to Sister's Ferry for forage.

Monday, January 30, to Thursday, February 2.-In camp; weather fine, warm, and rainy. Cavalry passing. Wednesday, February 1, our men across the river engaged in corduroying the road, occasionally finding torpedoes.

Friday, February 3.-Left camp 6.30 p.m.; arrived at Sister's Ferry 9 a.m.; distance, 4.28 miles; weather warm and rainy; roads good. Received marching orders at 6.30 p.m.; started immediately for the ferry. Camped for the night on the bank of the river.

Saturday, February 4.-Left camp at 2.45 p.m.; arrived across the river into South Carolina 5 p.m.; distance, 2.80 miles; weather very warm and bright; roads swampy-corduroyed. Crossed pontoons to-day; it was quite an animated scene; some regiments, on touching the South Carolina shore, flag their colors to the breeze and struck up patriotic airs with their bands. Gun-boat Pontiac lying at upper landing. Piles of hard bread and forage on the shore.

Sunday, February 5.-Left camp at 6.30 a.m.; arrived at cross- roads near Steep Bottom 6 p.m.; distance, 12,38 miles; weather warm, fine; roads, swamp in forenoon, good in afternoon. Crossed a swamp to-day, four or five miles long, where there was little or no timber; every inch of it had to be corduroyed. Passed through Robertsville; all of it burnt, as were all the houses along the road. Men beginning to find forage in abundance.

Monday, February 6.-Left camp 9.30 a.m.; arrived near Beach Branch 6.30 p.m.; distance, 16.47 miles; weather cloudy-rain in the afternoon; roads pretty good. Buried two men belonging to the First Division who had been killed by the rebel cavalry-murdered, it is supposed. Food of all kinds now being brought in profusion. More property is destroyed in this State on our march than was destroyed in Georgia. Passed through Lawtonville-nothing but chimneys standing.

Tuesday, February 7.-Left camp 8.30 a.m.; arrived at Duck Branch 6 p.m.; distance, 6.71 miles; weather,rain all day and night; roads very muddy; teams constantly getting stalled. Crossed Duck Branch (Coosawhatchie Swamp), a running stream from eighteen inches to four feet deep, and about 400 yards wide; part of the train had to say on the other (south) side till morning.

Wednesday, February 8.-Left camp 7.15 a.m.; arrived at Buford's Bridge 5 p.m.; distance, 13.41 miles; weather fine, cold, and dry; roads good, out of the swamps. Crossed Big Swamp and Big Salkehatchie River-a terrible place to cross. Found on the east side

