
of the river extensive rebel works, timber felled, &amp;c. Forts pierced for four guns, commanding the road through the swamp and across the river, showed their intentions, had they found time to get their cannon into position.

Thursday, February 9.-Left camp 7 a.m.; arrived at Blackville 5 p.m.; distance, 19.32 miles; weather cloudy and cold; roads good.

Friday, February 10.-In camp; weather fine and cold. Resting in camp. First and Third Division troops destroying Charleston and Augusta Railroad. Two brigades of Second Division sent forward to Duncan's Bridge, South Edisto River.

Saturday, February 11.-Left camp 7.30 a.m.; arrived at Duncan's Bridge, north side of South Branch of Edisto River, 11.30 p.m.; distance, 9.49 miles; weather fine and warm; roads good. This is a rich country. Arrived at the river at 10 a.m., and waited till 10 p.m. before we could cross the train. The former bridge having been burnt by the enemy we had to construct one, together with one mile and a half of corduroy, containing six small bridges. General Geary found some of Hood's old troops confronting him, who had erected works on north side of river. Cavalry trains, 211 wagons, and Michigan Engineers, 31 wagons, joined our corps train to-day.

Sunday, February 12.-Left camp 8 a.m.; arrived at Jeffcoat's Bridge, North Fork of the Edisto, 4 p.m.; distance, 13 miles; weather beautiful; roads good. Arrived at the river at 4 p.m. and found the enemy on the other side prepared to dispute our passage. First cannon firing (on our march) to-day; it was from the rebels. We lost a few men in building the bridge, and several forages were captured to-day.

Monday, February 13.-Left camp 1.30 p.m.; arrived at Jones" Cross-Roads 3 p.m.; distance, 5.93 miles; weather beautiful; roads good. Cavalry train divided up among the divisions to-day, 65 wagons being assigned to First Division, 66 to Second Division, and 100 to Third Division. Crossed the river this morning; the Second Division troops skirmished across, losing a few men.

Tuesday, February 14.-Left camp 8 a.m.; arrived at Columbia Cross-Roads 11.30 a.m; distance, 7 miles; weather cloudy-rain and sleet all night; everything covered with ice in the morning; roads good. Traveled on good roads this morning, and camped at noon. Escort six miles in front cut off from advance; Captain Benjamin Reynolds, acting assistant inspector-general, Third Brigade, First Division, captured, with his orderly, at the head of the column.

Wednesday, February 15.-Left camp at 8.15 a.m.; arrived near Lexington Court-House 3.15 p.m.; distance, 11.33 miles; weather misty-rained during the night. Skirmished with the enemy's cavalry all day. Crossed over sand hills of considerable height. Second Division lost a few men.

Thursday, February 16.-Left camp 8 a.m.; arrived near Columbia and Congaree Rivers 1 p.m.; distance, 7.67 miles; weather fine; roads good. Against orders to forage on flank to-day. Pontoon train (from Fourteenth Corps) joined us.

Friday, February 17.-Left camp 9 a.m.; arrived at Saluda River 7 p.m.; distance, 6 miles; weather fine; roads good. Arrived at river at 12 m., and waited until the Fourteenth Corps and cavalry had crossed. First and Second Division train crossing all night.

