
Eighty-second Illinois was sent eleven miles last night to protect Miller's Bridge, which they did, running the mill alongside of it all night, making flour and meal. We crossed the bridge at noon.

Thursday, March 2.-Left camp at 6.30 a.m.; arrived at Chesterfield Court-House 5.30 p.m.; distance, 20.80 miles; weather misty; roads bad. Troops and head of the train marched hard all day through mud, crossing deep, rough-bottomed creeks, and taking no rest whatever. Skirmishing with the enemy commenced about two miles from town, and lasted into and through the village-two batteries in position shelling the fleeing rebels. Only corps headquarters train got into Chesterfield, the balance of the train being seven to ten miles back, where they camped for the night.

Friday, March 3.-In camp all day; weather fine but cloudy. The balance of the train got up to-day all right. The First Division having been sent to Tompson's Creek to save the bridge, their train was ordered to join them some three miles off.

Saturday, March 4.-Left camp 7.30 a.m.; arrived near Sneedsborough, N. C., two miles from Big Pedee River, 3.30 p.m.; distance, 10.47 miles; weather, rain in morning; roads horribly muddy. There seemed to be in some places no bottoms to the roads- all quicksand. Arriving at the plank road to Cheraw at 2 o"clock and finding the Fourteenth Corps passing, we went into camp, giving them the right of road. Part of our trains to-day were in South Carolina and part in North Carolina. Obtained ten loads of lumber from mill on Thompson's Creek for pontoon purposes.

Sunday, March 5.-In camp all day; weather very fine. General Williams asked permission to march to Cheraw and cross the Pedee there.

Monday, March 6.-Left camp 8.45 a.m.; arrived at north side of Big Pedee 6.45 p.m.; distance, 14.01 miles; weather fine; roads, plank road to Cheraw-half mile-bad road across river. Marched on plank road to Cheraw. At 10 a.m. heard a tremendous explosion; found on arrival at Cheraw that it was caused by powder and fixed ammunition set on fire by Fifteenth Corps soldiers, causing the death of eight persons and wounding many. All the business portion of the town burnt. The Fifteenth Corps had about finished crossing the pontoons on our arrival (2 p.m.). We commenced crossing at 4 o"clock, and were crossing all night.

Tuesday, March 7.-Left camp 8 a.m.; arrived at Station 103, Wilmington and Raleigh Railroad, 5.30 p.m.; distance, 14.50 miles; weather beautiful; roads very good. Passed by 2,000 barrels of rosin on fire-a magnificent sight.

Wednesday, March 8.-Left camp 8 a.m.; arrived near Lumber River 5.30 p.m.; distance, 14.66 miles; weather, rained hard all day; roads bad, nearly all corduroyed; Third Brigade, First Division, sent four miles ahead to hold bridge across Lumber River. We met Fourteenth Corps at forks of road traveling same way as ourselves; gave them the plank road and cut our way two miles through the woods, gaining a wretched dirt road. The rain poured in torrents all day, making the road impassable for rear column without corduryoing.

Thursday, March 9.-Left camp 6.45 a.m.; arrived at Buffalo Creek 9.30 p.m.; distance, 8.65 miles; weather, raining hard all day and night; roads, corduroyed the whole distance. Crossed bridge over Lumber River; also six or seven creeks badly swollen by recent rains. Pontoon train joined us. Second and Third Division train had to encamp on side of Lumber River, being unable to cross till morning.

