
Friday, March 10.-Left camp 10.30 a.m.; arrived near Rockfish Creek 7 p.m.; distance, 13.20 miles; weather cloudy; roads corduroyed. Forage and subsistence abundant to-day. For the last week it has been very scarce, partly because all the army has been together, and partly because this is a wretched poor country. Received General Slocum's order restricting troops from taking anything but forage, &amp;c., and commanding them to destroy no property in North Carolina.

Saturday, March 11.-Left camp 8 a.m.; arrived near Little Rockfish Creek 5 p.m.; distance, 8.10 miles; weather fine; roads corduroyed. First and Third Division troops push ahead; Second Division and one battery protect train. We struck plank road this evening and camped alongside of it, corralling in a very small compass.

Sunday, March 12.-Left camp 6.30 a.m.; arrived at Fayetteville 2 p.m.; distance, 12.23 miles; weather fine-frost at night; roads, plank. Found Fourteenth Corps in possession. The two bridges that spanned Cape Fear River had been burned by the enemy; two pontoon bridges laid. Sent mail North from here; a U. S. steamer arriving about the same time the rebels went out and our troops came in. We are promised some supplies.

Monday, March 13.-Left camp 3.30 p.m.; arrived four miles beyond Fayetteville, on east side Cape Fear River, 7 p.m.; distance, 5.19 miles; weather beautiful; roads good. General Sherman reviewed Twentieth Corps, marching company front through Fayetteville. The rebels in strength ahead of us on the road. Quartermasters ordered to send wagons to river for supplies; also all transportation that can be spared to send refugees, discharged soldiers, and negroes to Wilmington; fifty men from each corps and the discharged men acting as guard; Colonel Balloch, chief commissary of subsistence Twentieth Army Corps, furnishing our contingent with sufficient rations. One hundred sick sent to Fayetteville and shipped to Wilmington.

Tuesday, March 14.-In camp; weather fine. Two (First and Third) divisions unincumbered save with ammunition wagons, and three batteries were ahead, &c. General Geary and Sloan's battery guard train. Same order extends through the army. Train is ordered to move toward Troublefield's Store.

Wednesday, March 15.-Left camp 11.30 a.m.; arrived near South River 7.30 p.m.; distance, 11.15 miles; weather, thunder-storm; roads corduroyed. Most of the train struck in the mud all night.

Thursday, March 16.-Left camp 9.30 a.m.; arrived at Jackson's farm 5.30 p.m.; distance, 7.29 miles; weather showery; roads corduroyed. The Michigan Engineers who were sent ahead to build a bridge across South River during the night were unable to do so until morning on account of the enemy. The bridge being completed by 10 a.m.; we commenced crossing; the enemy threatening our flanks and front, one battery was placed in position and proper disposition made of the troops to cover the trains. On getting to our camping place we found the Fifteenth Corps troops on right of road, lines formed, skirmishers out, batteries in position, everything indicating the presence of the enemy. Our two divisions had a hard fight, driving the rebels, capturing three pieces of cannon and number of prisoners.

Friday, March 17.-In camp; weather delightful. Sent twenty-four empty wagons to the front for wounded. The train sent to Cape Fear River arrived to-day with supplies-some hard bread, coffee, sugar, boots, and shoes.

