
an attack, which is not at all improbable, as everything on the road to-day has been threatened by Butler's cavalry. In the middle of the night the brigade belonging to the Seventeenth Corps was withdrawn and sent to guard its train on way from Kinston with supplies.

Saturday, March 25.-Left camp 8 a.m.; arrived three miles from Goldsborough on Wilmington and Weldon Railroad 11 a.m.; distance, 8.37 miles; weather fine-windy; roads excellent. Had a fine march and joined our corps. Encamped in pine woods at 11 a.m., bringing with us (the result of two days" foraging around Murphy's plantation) over 100 loads of corn, most of which is husked and part shelled and in bags.

Total miles traveled, 456.10

RECAPITULATION.

We have marched 456.10 miles through innumerable and seemingly impassable swamps; crossed twelve rivers, among them the Savannah, Saluda, Broad, Catawba, Great Pedee, Lumber, and Neuse, large streams, requiring pontoon bridges; constructed bridges (sometimes in face of the enemy) over the smaller streams; crossed innumerable creeks, many of them from their size meriting the name of river; corduroyed at least three-fifths of all the roads we have traveled; marching early and late, wet and dry, over swamps, sometimes in sight and sometimes sunk in the mud nearly out of sight, we averaged ten and one-third miles per day for marching days from Savannah, Ga., to Goldsborough, N. C. In all the way we have lost no property by capture and only four wagons and five ambulances by breaking, which could not be repaired on the march.

We have taken from the country: Horses, 858; mules, 1,252; corn, 2,588,902 pounds; hay, 10,500 pounds; fodder, 2,219,001 pounds.

HENRY M. WHITTELSEY,

Captain, Acting Chief Quartermaster Twentieth Army Corps.

No. 98. OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, DEPT. OF THE TENN., Nashville, Tenn., August 31, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, No. 39, from your office, dated July 1, 1865, requiring officers on duty in the Quartermaster's Department to render an annual report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, I have the honor to report as follows, viz:

From the 1st of July, 1864, to the 7th day of August, same year, I was continuously on duty as chief quartermaster of the Fourteenth Corps and was present with that command during the memorable battles of Resaca, Kingston, Kenesaw, Chattahoochee River, and during a portion of the siege of Atlanta.

On the morning of the 8th of August, being within three miles of the latter-named place, I was relieved of the chief quartermastership of that corps and ordered to report in person to the major-general commanding the Department of the Cumberland for duty as chief quartermaster of the Army of the Cumberland in the field. (General Orders, headquarters, August 8.1864.)

On the same date I reported and assumed charge as directed.

I remained with the general headquarters during the remainder of the siege of Atlanta and entered that city with it, remaining there

