
enemy; Fort Fauntleroy was abandoned, and many of the stores at that point were also destroyed, which, with the abandonment of Forts Fillmore and Stanton and consequent losses of Government property, left the troops in New Mexico with very limited supplies. All this occurred before I became chief quartermaster and had been but partially remedied. By great exertions, assisted by Captain H. M. Enos, assistant quartermaster, and all my other assistants, and sustained by yourself and the department commander, most of the outstanding debts were paid off, the credit of the quartermaster's Department restored, and the troops comfortably supplied.

Immediately after I became chief quartermaster a force of six or more companies was put into the field against the Apache tribe of Indians, in and around Fort Stanton, and kept actively engaged almost all winter. These troops were well supplied, and the campaign resulted in the surrender of over 400 out of some 600 or 700, of which the tribe consisted, and in placing them on a reservation near Fort Summer, 120 miles east of Fort Stanton. The transportation of these Indians to their new home was a duty that devolved upon and was promptly performed by the Quartermaster's Department. During the continuance of the campaign the new posts of Forts Sumner and Wingate, the latter to replace Fort Fauntleroy in the country occupied by the Navajo Indians, had to be located and commenced; the quarters at Fort Stanton and Santa Fe, which had been recklessly burned, had to be repaired; the corrals and stabling at Santa Fe, which were insufficient and miserable, had to be rebuilt almost entirely. It also became necessary to erect suitable buildings at or near Fort Union (which the Texan invasion demonstrated as the proper point for the main supply depot) to quarter the garrison and properly secure the supplies for the entire department-of the subsistence and quartermaster's departments and of clothing and equipage. This work was promptly commenced, and much of it has been completed; the remainder is rapidly approaching completion.

Three other posts-Fort Whipple, in Arizona Territory, near Prescott, the seat of government of that Territory, and over 350 miles west from Albuquerque, N. Mex.; Fort Cummings, sixty miles west of the Mesilla Valley, on the old Butterfield route to California from Little Rock, Ark.; and Fort Bascom, N. Mex., on Red River, about 110 miles southeast of Fort Union-were located, commenced, and are far advanced toward completion.

In the summer of 1863 a large force was organized and put into the field against the Navajo tribe of Indians, the hereditary despoilers of the people of New Mexico for over 200 years, who number in men, women, and children at least 10,000 or 11,000 souls. Captain A. B. Carey, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, one of the best officers in our or any other service, consented, at my request, to act as chief quartermaster of the expedition. Under his able administration the troops were amply supplied with every facility to carry on the campaign, even through an unprecedented hard winter; and it resulted in the surrender and transfer of over 9,000 of the tribe to a reservation over 400 miles from their hereditary homes. This was made by and at the expense of the Quartermaster's Department was required and did furnish blankets, cooking utensils, much of the subsistence, &amp;c., for this large number of people. The grain furnished for their subsistence by the Quartermaster's Department was afterward paid for at cost by the

