
The headquarters of the department are at Santa Fe, the capital of the Territory, and comprising about 6,500 souls, mostly Mexicans. The city, like all other towns in New Mexico, is built of sun-dried bricks, or adobes, twenty inches long, ten inches wide, and four inches thick, some larger and some smaller. The house constructed of these bricks are cool in summer and warn in winter, are generally one story high, and present at a distance the appearance of a collection of brickkilns.

The above is as full a report as I can make without access to my papers, and for further details I would respectfully refer you to my previous annual report, now in your office.

I think that the quartermaster's department in New Mexico has been as efficient and has met with fewer losses and fewer dishonest agents than in any part of the United States from the 1st of October, 1862, to the present time, and deducting the indebtedness of my predecessor when I relieved him, and the cost of repairs to public buildings, &amp;c., made necessary by damage, abandonment, &c., before I became chief quartermaster, I challenge a comparison of my expenditures with those of any previous year's, confident of its being favorable. I know it will be if the difference between gold and Treasury notes and the increased price of everything consequent upon the war is taken into consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. McFERRAN,

Major and Quartermaster.

No. 106. DEPOT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Cincinnati, Ohio, September 5, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, No. 39, current series, from your office, I have the honor to submit this my annual report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865. My last annual report was forwarded on October 1, 1864.

This report embraces the following-named papers, which are herewith, viz:

Statement of public money for which I have been responsible during the year, marked No. 1.

Form A, statement of quartermaster's property for which I have been responsible during the year, marked No. 2.

Abstract of contracts for clothing and equipage made by me during the year, marked No. 3.

Statements according to Forms B, C, CC, D, E, F, and G are not forwarded, because not required from the nature of my duties during the year.

From June 30, 1864, until September 16, of that year, I had immediate charge of the clothing and equipage branch of the department at this depot. On the latter date I was relieved by Colonel W. W. McKim, Quartermaster's Department, having tendered my resignation as captain and assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, some time previously.

By Special Orders, No. 75, Adjutant-General's Office, February 15, 1865, I was assigned as chief quartermaster of this depot with the rank of colonel, Quartermaster's Department, and ordered to relieve Colonel W. W. McKim, Quartermaster's Department, then in charge of

