
of the Missouri and of the Saint Louis depot. As chief quartermaster of the depot I have superintendent the procurement and issue of all kinds of quartermaster's supplies required, not only for troops serving in the Department of the Missouri, but for those operating in remote sections of country, and having for their bases the depots of Cairo, Memphis, Nashville, Devall's Bluff, Little Rock, Fort Smith, Fort Leavenworth, &amp;c., which have, to a greater or less extent, been supplied from the depot under my control.

From the previous to the commencement of the period for which the report is required until the 30th of November, 1864, I had, in addition to my other duties, personal charge of the procurement and issue of mules and artillery horses, wagons, ambulances, harness, &c., at this depot. On that date (November 30), by your order, the public animals were transferred to Captain Ingham Coryell, assistant quartermaster, adn the affairs pertaining to the First Division of the Quartermaster's Department here became a separate establishment, under the control of Captain Coryell, orders affecting the same proceeding direct to him from Washington.

Soon after I transferred the wagons, ambulances, harness, &c., to Captain J. L. Woods, assistant quartermaster, who still, under my direction, has charge of that species of property.

In the month of October, 1864, the prosecution of the campaign in this State against the rebel General Price rendered it necessary that the divisions of Generals A. J. Smith and Joseph A. Mower (which had been suddenly brought into this department to meet the pressing emergency then existing) should be newly outfitted and equipped at this depot for the work before them. This was done promptly, without an hour's unnecessary delay, and the troops forward in good time to the points where they were needed.

The several expeditions against the Indians, organized and conducted by General Sully during the period under consideratfrom here.

The material required for constructing the new posts established in the Indian country were drawn from this depot.

During the fiscal year I received and disbursed more than fifty millions of dollars of public funds, as shown by the inclosed statement, involving an immense amount of labor and responsibility in the payment of vouchers issued at this depot, in the Departments of the Missouri and Arkansas, and at the several military posts on the Mississippi River as far down as Natchez, Miss., and in supplying with funds for the payment of their employes the officers serving within the scope of country above defined.

I have the honor to transmit herewith the statements required, as follows: (1) Statement of quartermaster's property, Form A; (2) statement of public moneys; (3) statement of amount paid for rail, river, stage, and wagon (other than Government wagon) transportation, Form C.

The other paragraphs and forms required do not come under the scope of my duties.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MYERS,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

A.-Statement of quartermaster's property for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865.*

---------------

*Omitted; but see pp.756-774, of Executive Document No. 1, referred to in foot-note (*), p.249.

---------------

29 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

