
My annual report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, was mailed from Cincinnati, Ohio, November 10, 1864.

I was relieved at Boston, Mass., as assistant quartermaster, by order of the Secretary of War, and turned over the funds and duties to my successor September 1, 1864, and on the 8th idem proceeded, in accordance with said order, via Washington, D. C., to Cincinnati, Ohio, at which place I was assigned to duty as chief quartermaster of t he principal depot, with the rank of colonel in the Quartermaster's Department.

By verbal permission of the Secretary of War I went from Washington to Cincinnati via Philadelphia for the purpose of conferring with Colonel A. J. Perry, Quartermaster's Department, chief of the division of clothing and equipage, Quartermaster-General's Office, and at that time temporarily in charge of the Philadelphia depot.

I arrived at Cincinnati on the evening of September 15, 1864, and assumed charge of the depot the following day, reliving Colonel Thomas Swords, assistant quartermaster-general, U. S. Army.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 75, Adjutant-General's Office, February 15, 1865, I turned over the duties, &amp;c., devolving upon me as chief quartermaster at Cincinnati, Ohio, to Colonel C. W. Moulton on the 23rd of February, 1865, and repaired to this city, where I was ordered to relieve Colonel Herman Biggs, Quartermaster's Department, in charge of the principal depot.

I arrived at Philadelphia the 26th of February, 1865, and entered upon my duties as chief quartermaster the following day.

I respectfully submit herewith the following statements, called for by General Orders, Numbers 39:

Statement A.-Quartermaster's property.

Statement B.-Clothing and camp and garrison equipage.

Statement C.-Amount paid on account of rail, river, stage, &c., transportation.

Statement CC.-Amount paid on account of ocean and lake transportation.

Statement D.-Troops and stores transported.

Statement DD.-Troops and stores transported by ocean and lake.

Statement G.-Vessels owned, chartered, &c.

NOTE.-The foregoing statements relate to the business at Boston, Mass., and embrace the two months, from June 1, 1864, to August 31, 1864, while I was on duty at that station.

Statement B.-Clothing and camp and garrison equipage.

Statement BB.-Material.

NOTE.-These two statements relate to the clothing and equipage business at Cincinnati, Ohio, which was my especial care, in addition to my duties as chief quartermaster of the depot, and cover the period during which I was in charge at that station.

Statement A.-Quartermaster's property.

Statement B.-Clothing and camp and garrison equipage.

Statement BB.-Material.

NOTE.-These three statements relate to the clothing and equipage transactions at Philadelphia from the date I look charge of the Philadelphia depot to the 30th of June, 1865.

A statement of public invoices, showing the amount on hand July 1, 1864, and the amount received, expended, transferred, &c., during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, is also inclosed.

No property called for by Statements E and F, page 7, General Orders, Numbers 39, came under my control during the year.

