
On the 29th of September the command of Major-General Ord advanced across the James River at Chaffin's Bluff, carrying a strong line of fortifications, taking sixteen guns and many prisoners, effecting a lodgment in rebel fortifications, six miles from Richmond.

October 1 I received a special order from the War Department relieving me temporarily from duty as chief quartermaster Eighteenth Corps, and directing me to report at Saint Louis, Mo., as a member of a board for examination of officers of the Quartermaster's Department for the district comprising the Departments of the Missouri, Kansas, Northern, and Northwest.

In compliance with the order of the War Department I reported October 10 at Saint Louis to the president of the board of examiners.

October 13 the Board met pursuant to order, but owing to the disturbed condition of affairs in Missouri adjourned to meet at Cincinnati, Ohio.

Board met pursuant to adjournment and proceeded with the examination of officers of the Northern Department, adjourning on the 5th of December to assemble at Milwaukee for the purpose of examining officers of the Quartermaster's Department on duty in the Department of the Northwest. Having completed their duties in this department, on the 23rd of January, 1865, the Board adjourned to meet at Saint Louis to continue the examination of officers of the Quartermaster's Department stationed in the Departments of the Missouri and Kansas.

The Board met at Saint Louis pursuant to adjournment, and proceeded with the examination of the officers of the Quartermaster's Department.

February 27, 1865, I received a telegraph order from Lieutenant- General Grant relieving me from duty as a member of the board of examiners, and ordering me to report in person to Major-General Ord, commanding the Army of the James, for duty in the field. I reported, in compliance with the order from Lieutenant-General Grant, march 7 to General Ord, and was immediately assigned to duty as chief quartermaster of that army.

Immediately after entering on my duties as chief quartermaster of the army I proceeded as rapidly as possible to place my department in a good condition for the opening campaign, the officers in the department co-operating most cordially with me in my efforts. All unserviceable wagons, harness, mules, cavalry and artillery horses, &amp;c., were condemned and turned into depot. All surplus stores, public or private, were sent to the rear. The troops were supplied with the necessary clothing required for an active campaign, and the transportation of the army was reorganized to correspond precisely with the standard prescribed in orders.

On the 28th of March the Armies operating against Richmond moved, the Army of the James being fully supplied and equipped in every particular, so far as concerns the Quartermaster's Department. The movement of the trains of the Army of the James was similar to the plan adopted in the Army of the Potomac.

March 29, 30, 31, and April 1, transportation in camp at Humphreys Station, drawing additional supplies and awaiting the action of the combined armies.

April 2, transportation in camp at Patrick Station.

April 3, broke camp at 7 a.m., the transportation following in the rear of the army, which was advancing rapidly in pursuit of the retreating rebels.

