
The total amount received from the U. S. Treasury and other officers in money was $2,920,147.24; add to this estimated value of stores, &amp;c., received from other officers, $226,385; in all, $3,146,532.24.

There were captured at different times from the enemy 5 gun- boats. 15 transport steamers, and 5 wrecks, which, including other property, amounts to $450,000, estimated value. There has been paid in the aggregate for transportation of ordnance and quartermaster's stores, as follows: Express companies, $25,325; railroad companies, $25,381; river, $10, 187; and for mileage of officers, $3,161; in all, $64,054.

While under the Army the flotilla, commencing with three small, improvised, wooden-gun-boats, hardly able to keep the river open between Saint Louis and Columbus, Ky.; increased to ten iron- clads eleven wooden gun-boats, two large ammunition steamers, thirteen tugs, a hospital boat with everything requisite for the sick and wounded, and a fleet of fifteen chartered and captured transports. There was also attached to the flotilla a floating blacksmith shop and a distributing commissary steamer. Large depots of coal were kept at convenient places on the rivers, and at Cairo Ill,. a new large and superior wharf-boat was purchased, which answered as a general depot for most of the requirements of the flotilla, including offices for the transaction of business.

While every assistance possible was extended by other branches of the Government to the flotilla, yet the officers necessarily were thrown upon their own resources, and a navy had to be formed from new materials, far from what was generally considered its proper element. Officers, sailors, and gun-boats had to be made to suit the exigencies, of the times. How well all this was performed history will tell, and the flotilla under the Army will have had a most important bearing upon the final result of the rebellion.

I would refer to the reduction of Forts Henry and Donelson, the evacuation of Columbus, Ky., Island Numbers 10, Fort Pillow, and the destruction of the rebel fleet off Memphis; in addition, the important part taken by the flotilla in the sanguinary fight at Belmont and the great battle of Shiloh. League after league of the great Mississippi was opened to commerce, until the name of a gun-boat became a terror to the rebels.

For a more detailed account in relation to the above, I would refer you to the accompanying papers, comprising a "Tabular list of gun-boats, transport steamers, and wrecks, captured from the enemy," "Names, tonnage, and earnings of the steam-boats chartered and employed," and 'Statement of cash received and disbursed, on what account, together with balance remaining on hand June 30, 1863."

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. WISE,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, with Gun-boat Flotilla.

