
We received orders from him to remain at Fayetteville until dusk of the evening, as he wished to send down a bearer of dispatches; also mails and passengers. At the time appointed we immediately started for Wilmington, N. C.

After leaving Fayetteville, and proceeding some miles on our way, we met the U. S. steamer Eolus, with whom we held communication, and then proceeded on our way, arriving at Wilmington at daybreak March 13, 1865.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW AINSWORTH,

Captain of the Port, Quartermaster's Department.

Numbers 117. HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Washington, D. C., September 9, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 39, of July 1, from your office, I have the honor to submit the following report of the duties performed by me, together with statement of my money and property responsibility during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865:

An annual report for the year ending June 30, 1864, was transmitted by me to your office about September 15 last.

On the 1st day of July, 1864, I reported to Brigadier General Francis C. Barlow, commanding the First Division, Second Army Corps, and at once entered upon the discharge of the duties of quartermaster of the division, which at that time was in the immediate front of Petersburg, the right of the division resting near the Jerusalem plank road and joined on the left by the Second Division of the corps. No movements of the troops or trains transpired excepting change of the latter from point to point, to improve the parking ground, until July 27, at which date the Second Corps was withdrawn from its position and moved to the north side of the James River, crossing the Appomattox and James Rivers by pontoon bridges, accompanied by a part of the general supply train.

While the corps remained at Deep Bottom it engaged in several skirmishes with the enemy, but without serious loss, and returned with trains to former position on the 3rd of August.

Another movement of the corps to the north side of the James River was commenced on the 13th of the same month, the troops embarking in steamers at City Point and landing at Deep Bottom on the night of the 14th, while the ammunition and about one-half of the supply trains were sent under cover of the darkness across the Appomattox and James Rivers by pontoon bridges, and halted on the south side of the latter river, opposite Deep Bottom, the remainder of the corps train moving into park near City Point.

A number of unimportant engagements with the enemy again occurred during the stay of the corps, which, with transportation, recrossed the James and Appomattox Rivers by pontoon bridges on the night of the 22nd and resumed its former position, the park of the corps train being established near Birney's Station, on the military railroad.

31 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

