
On the 23rd a movement against the enemy's right was made by the First and Second Divisions of the corps, the troops marching out the Jerusalem plank road.

Heavy rain-storms having occurred prior to and during this movement, the roads were made almost impassable for wagons, and rations for the men and forage for officers" horses had to be transported by pack-mules-a slow and troublesome method, but accomplished successfully.

On the 24th the two divisions pushed on the Reams" Station (taking with them the ambulance and part of ammunition trains), on the Weldon and Petersburg Railroad, driving the pickets of the enemy before them, and having effectually destroyed the railroad for a number of miles north to the point held by the Fifth Corps, proceeded to strengthen their position at the station by erecting earth-works, &amp;c., and continued the destruction south toward Stony Creek.

On the 25th the enemy in large force attacked the command and a serious battle ensued, attended with severe loss of men on both sides, and resulting in the withdrawal during the night of the troops of the Second Corps from the railroad. The transportation was brought back in safety. Troops went into camp on the 26th, with the remainder of corps, on the Jerusalem plank road near Petersburg, the trains being parked in the vicinity.

During the interim from this date until the latter part of October the First Division of the Second Corps remained in about the same relative position before Petersburg.

On September 23 a raiding party of the enemy moved around the left flank of the army and succeeded in capturing and carrying off a large number of cattle belonging to the subsistence department, and for a few days serious apprehension was felt as to the safety of the trains, which were accordingly moved at the time nearer to the troops, but subsequently changed from time to time as the condition of the parking ground or the supply of water demanded.

Preparation having been made for some days previous, on the morning of October 25 a general movement of the troops to the left commenced, the trains of the army, excepting ambulances and ammunition wagons, being moved for safety inside of the intrenchments at City Point. The defense of the main works in front of Petersburg, from the plank road to the Appomattox River, was intrusted to the First Division, Second Army Corps.

While the trains remained at City Point the teamsters and other employes of the quartermaster's department were armed and held in readiness for any sudden attack that might be made on the base of supplies.

The operations of the army on the left comprised a series of engagements with the enemy tending toward and materially assisting the accomplishment of the plan of our great military chieftain of grasping the communications of the rebels.

On the 28th the troops of tin this movement returned to their former positions and the trains joie 28th a telegram from the Adjutant-General's Office, War Department, was received by me directing that I should at once repair to this city and report to the commanding general Department of Washington and assume the duties to which I had been assigned on the 24th of that month.

On the morning of the 30th I transferred my property to the officer appointed to relieve me, and leaving City Point, arrived in this city

