
and required to acknowledge the receipt of the notification. As soon as their acknowledgment of the notification is received their descriptive lists will be sent to the chief mustering officer to whom they report. Should they return before receiving such notification they will be mustered out as the others. A copy of the muster-out roll of all men will be furnished to the adjutants-general of the sates to which the regiments belong. It is expected that department commanders will use every exertion to have this duty performed promptly and correctly.

Acknowledge receipt.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 82. Washington, May 6, 1865.

FOR REDUCING THE NUMBER OF COMPANY AND STAFF OFFICERS OF VOLUNTEER REGIMENTS.

By direction of the President all company and staff officers of volunteer regiments absent from their commands on account of physical disability, or by virtue of leaves of absence granted them on their return to loyal States as prisoners of war, will be honorably mustered out of the service of the United States of date the 15th instant.

Said officers will immediately apply by letter to the Adjutant- General of the Army for their muster-out and discharge papers. In case of physical disability from disease or wounds, the letter must be accompanied by a medical certificate of the usual form.

The post-office address of the officer must be given with care in all cases.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 8, 1865.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of April 21, 1865.

By the Constitution of the United States (2nd Art., sec. 2, cl. 1) the President is vested with the "power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States, except in case of impeachment."

By the 13th section of the act of Congress entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes," approved July 17, 1862, "the President is authorized, at any time hereafter, by proclamation, to extend to persons who may have participated in the existing rebellion, in any State of part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with such exceptions and at such time and on such conditions as he may deem expedient for the public welfare."

The right and power of the President to pardon and to issue any proclamation of amnesty are derived from the clauses in the Constitution and the act of Congress as quoted above.

By the Constitution and the act of Congress the power to pardon in individual cases and the power of extending, by proclamation, amnesty

