
pay from the date of muster out. The One hundred and forty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers arrived here on the 30th ultimo and has not been paid. They were mustered out on the 28th and left Washington on the 29th. I learn it is proposed to pay them until and including the 27th. If it can at all be done, I wish much it could be. It would add so much to the satisfaction of the officers and men going out of service. I only arrived in the night, and have not learned the reason of the delay in the payment. There are now seven regiments here, and I fear that it will be some time before they will be paid off.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 2, 1865.

His Excellency Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

The Paymaster-General reports that he has this day instructed his chiefs of districts that troops mustered out under General Orders, Numbers 94, are to be paid to the date they arrive at the designated State rendezvous, and that all mustered-out troops at all points are being paid as rapidly as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 21. Washington, June 3, 1865.

Before the accounts with commanding officers of organizations are settled, mustering officers should satisfy themselves that the rolls and returns, as required by Army Regulations for their organization, have been forwarded to this office.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 5, 1865.

DISCHARGE OF VOLUNTEERS.

The Adjutant-General will issue an order for the immediate discharge of--

First. All dismounted cavalry in every military department.

Second. All cavalry force in General Dix's department.

Third. All volunteer infantry in General Dix's department (except Veteran Reserves) whose services can in the judgment of the commander of the department be dispensed with.

Fourth. All volunteer infantry in General Hooker's department (except Veteran Reserves) whose services are in the opinion of the commander of the department no longer required.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 23. Washington, June 5, 1865.

Volunteer soldiers entitled to discharge, and wishing to enlist in the Regular Army, under the terms of General Orders, Numbers 99, cur-

