
rent series, will be forthwith mustered out at their several commands, receive their discharges,and will not be sent to rendezvous under the provisions of General Orders, No. 94, current series, but on enlistment in the Regular Army will receive final payments under the requirements of paragraph 3, General Orders, No. 83, current series.

The attention of commanding officers of regiments, batteries, and detached commands of the Regular Army is called to the immediate necessity of appointing recruiting officers for their several commands, in order to obtain the advantages of General Orders, No. 99, current series. In designating these officers, commanding officers will be governed by the requirements of paragraphs 986, 987, and 988, Revised Regulations for the Army, governing regimental recruiting service.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 110. Washington, June 7, 1865.

The following order of the President of the United States (in relation to the transfer of abandoned lands, funds, and property set a part for the use of freedmen) to the Bureau, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands is published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.

Whereas, by an act of Congress approved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, there was established in the War Department a Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, and to which, in accordance with the said act of Congress, is committed the supervision and management of all abandoned lands, and the control of all subjects relating to refuges and freedmen from rebel States, or from any district of country within the territory embraced in the operations of the Army, under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the head of the Bureau and approved by the President; and whereas, it appears that the management of abandoned lands and subjects relating to refugees and freedmen, as aforesaid, have been, and still are, by orders based on military exigencies, or legislation based on previous statutes, partly in the hands of military officers disconnected with said Bureau, and partly in charge of officers of the Treasury Department: It is therefore

Ordered, That all officers of the Treasury Department, all military officers, and all others in the service of the United States, turn over to the authorized officers of said Bureau all abandoned lands and property contemplated in said act of Congress, approved March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, establishing the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, that may now be under or within their control. They will also turn over to such officers all funds collected by tax or otherwise, for the benefit of refugees or freedmen, or accruing from abandoned lands, or property set apart for their use, and will transfer to them all official records connected with the administration of affairs which pertain to said Bureau.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICAGO, June 8, 1865.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Pursuant to your orders I have given directions for the immediate discharge of all volunteer troops in the Northern Department except

