
likely to gather on the musket or saber borne through the campaigns of 1864 and 1865. The Government retains in its arsenals more than a million of the best quality of arms and equipments. The artillery on hand tasks the Department for its means of storage. The manufacture of ammunition requires materials for which we have in some degree relied upon other countries, because they could be had cheaper. For this reason, and to guard against any mischance, three years" stock of material for ammunition has always been kept in store, and the supply on hand is ample for any war that can be waged against us by any nation.

Third. Clothing, transportation, and subsistence. After selling or distributing among freedmen and refugees all damaged or irregular clothing, the stock of clothing and material in the quartermaster's depots is sufficient for any armies that may be called into service. The water transports and rolling-stock, mules, wagons, and horses held by the Government were adequate to the movement and supply of larger forces, in less time, than had heretofore been known in war. The Government has disposed or is disposing of this transportation, but it remains in this country, and can answer any exigency.

Army subsistence is derived from the country in which military operations are carried on or supplies from other markets. During the war this most vital branch of the service never failed. In answers to the demand, and is ever ready to meet the national call. It is plain, therefore, that the abundance of our means for war enables the Government of the United States to reduce the standing force to a lower degree than any other nation. Unless war be actually raging, the military force can be brought within very narrow limits. However sudden the exigency calling for an exhibition of military power, it can be promptly met. With out education, habits, and experience, the Nation, while in the midst of peace, is prepared for war.

The present military organization comprehends nineteen departments, embraced in five military division, as follows:

1. The Department of the East, Major General Joseph Hooker to command, to embrace the New England States, New York, and New Jersey. Headquarters at New York City.

2. The Middle Department, Major General W. S. Hancock to command, to embrace the States of West Virginia, Maryland, (excepting the counties of Montgomery, that part of Anne Arundel lying south of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge Railroad, and excluding the city of Annapolis, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles, and Saint Mary's), the county of Loudoun, and the Shenandoah Valley as far south as and including Rockingham County, in Virginia, the States of Delaware and Pennsylvania. Headquarters at Baltimore.

3. The Delaware of Washington, Major General C. C. Augur to command, to embrace the District of Columbia, the counties of Montgomery, that part of Anne Arundel lying south of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge Raf Annapolis, Prince George's, Faifrax Counties, in Virginia. Headquarters at Washington.

4. The Department of the Ohio, Major General E. O. C. Ord to command, to embrace the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Michigan. Headquarters at Detroit.

5. The Department of the Tennessee, Major General George Stoneman to command, to embrace the State of Tennessee. Headquarters at Knoxville.

