
6. The Department of Kentucky, Major General John M. Palmer to command, to embrace the State of Kentucky and Jeffersonville and New Albany, in Indiana. Headquarters at Louisville.

7. The Department of the Missouri, Major General John Pope to command, to embrace the States of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas, and the Territories of Colorado, Utah, Nebraska, Dakota, New Mexico, and Montana. Headquarters at Saint Louis.

8. The Department of Virginia, Major General Alfred H. Terry to command, to embrace the States of Virginia, excepting Alexandria, Fairfax, and Loudoun Counties and the Shenandoah Valley as far south as and including Rockingham County. Headquarters at Richmond. 9. The Department of North Carolina, Major General J. M. Schofield to command, to embrace the State of North Carolina. Headquarters at Raleigh.

10. The Department of South Carolina, Major General Daniel Sickles to command, to embrace the State of South Carolina. Headquarters at Charleston.

11. The Department of Georgia, Major General James B. Steedman to command, to embrace the State of Georgia. Headquarters at Augusta.

12. The Department of Florida, Major General John G. Foster to command, to embrace the State of Florida. Headquarters at Tallahassee.

13. The Department of Mississippi, Major General Thomas J. Wood to command, to embrace the State of Mississippi. Headquarters at Vicksburg.

14. The Department of Alabama, Major General C. R. Woods to command, to embrace the State of Alabama. Headquarters at Mobile.

15. The Department of Louisiana, Major General E. R. S. Canby to command, to embrace the State of Louisiana. Headquarters at New Orleans.

16. The Department of Texas, Major General H. G. Wright to command, to embrace the State of Texas. Headquarters at Galveston.

17. The Department of Arkansas, Major General J. J. Reynolds to command, to embrace the State of Arkansas and the Indian Territory. Headquarters at Little Rock.

18. The Department of the Columbia, Major General F. Steele to command, to embrace the State of Oregon and the Territories of Washington and Idaho. Headquarters at Fort Vancouver.

19. The Department of California, Major General Irwin McDowell to command, to embrace the States of California and Nevada, and Territories of New Mexico and Arizona. Headquarters at San Francisco.

1. The Military Division of the Atlantic, Major General George G. Meade to command, to embrace the Department of the East, Middle Department, Department of Virginia, Department of North Carolina, and Department of South Carolina. Headquarters at Philadelphia.

2. The Military Division of the Mississippi, Major General W. T. Sherman to command, to embrace the Department of the Ohio, Department of the Missouri, and Department of Arkansas. Headquarters at Saint Louis.

3. The Military Division of the Gulf, Major General P. H. Sheridan to command, to embrace the Department of Louisiana, Department of Texas, and Department of Florida. Headquarters at4. The Military Division of the Tennessee, Major General G. H. Thomas to command, to embrace the Department of the Tennessee, Department of Kentucky, Department of Georgia, Department of Mississippi, and Department of Alabama. Headquarters at Nashville.

33 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

