
for the enlistment of meritorious disabled soldiers as superintendents of the National Cemeteries, numbering about forty, each to receive the pay and allowance of an ordnance sergeant.

Eight volumes of reports of battles, with maps and indexes, prepared under the resolution of Congress of May 19, 1864, have been completed and sent to the Government Printing Office. The publication of the greater part of the remaining reports is only deferred until the receipt of others not yet rendered, and which are required to preserve the chronological order observed in the preparation of the volumes already completed. The register of volunteer officers called for by resolution of June 30, 1864, and embracing some 200,000 names, will be completed by the time Congress assembles.

The aggregate of volunteers, drafted men, and substitutes ordered to the field between the 1st of November, 1864, and 30th of April, 1865, was 202,117. The number of volunteers, drafted men, and militia mustered out and discharged within the same period was 61,000. In disbanding the forces no longer required after the cessation of hostilities, the same machinery of mustering officers and depots has been used as in recruiting. Regiments have been sent home as fast as they could be transported and paid, the officers being held responsible for the good behavior of the men. Instances have been rare of any disorders. Much credit is due to mustering officers, paymasters, and railroad companies, through whose efforts troops, numbering in the aggregate 800,963 men, have been transported, mustered out, and paid.

On the 28th of April, 1865, it was ordered that returns be made of the volunteer forces in the field, with a view to their immediate reduction, and in connection with this order regulations were prepared and promulgated for their muster out and discharge. In executing this work promptness and a proper protection of the interests of the Government and the troops were held in view; and among other meon rendezvous were established in the field as well as in most of the States. At the field rendezvous all surplus property was taken possession of by the staff officers of the respective supply departments, and the muster-our rolls and other discharge papers prepared under the direction of corps commissaries of musters and their assistants. Corps and department commanders were instructed to see that the work was pushed with energy, using for that end the division and brigade commanders, with their respective staff officers to superintend it. As soon as a regiment or other organization had its muster-out papers prepared, it was placed en route to its State for payment and final discharge. At the State rendezvous was located the chief mustering officer of the State, or one or more of his assistants, with paymasters, quartermasters, commissaries of subsistence, and ordnance officers, whose duties were with the payment and final discharge of the troops, their care while awaiting the same, the reception of the public property turned in by them, and their transportation to their homes after discharge.

By the foregoing of musters the entire force of commissaries and assistant commissaries of musters for troops in the field have been made available for the work, in connection with the chief and other State mustering officers. The most experienced mustering officers and those most familiar with the regimental records were secured, the records from which the mustering-out date were to be obtained were readily accessible, and the loss of records (so common through the neglect of regimental officers) whilst the regiments were en route from

