
the field to their States was avoided. Regimental officers have been held to a rigid accountability in preparing the records, and the interests of the enlisted men thus protected. Order and discipline have been maintained whilst troops were en route to the States and after arrival therein. Troops have been comfortably cared for up to the moment they were paid off and ready to start for their homes. Dissatisfaction among them has been obviated and causes for complaint removed, and all public property has been easily secured and readily accounted for.

The arrangements for the care of discharged troops being completed, orders to muster out and discharge the forces from service were issued as follows:

April 29.- All recruits, drafted men, substitutes, and volunteers remaining at the several State depots.

May 4 [3].- All patients in hospitals, except veteran volunteers and veterans of the First Army Corps (Hancock's).

May 8.- All troops of the cavalry arm whose terms of service would expire prior to October 1.

May 9.- All officers and enlisted men whose terms would expire prior to May 31, inclusive.

May 17.- All organizations of white troops in the Army of the Potomac whose terms of service would expire prior to September 30, inclusive.

May 18.- All organizations of white troops in Major-General Sherman's command whose terms of service would expire prior to September 30, inclusive.

May 29.- All light artillery in the Army of the Potomac, Ninth Army Corps, Army of Georgia, and Army of the Tennessee.

May 29.- All organizations of white troops whose terms of service would expire prior to September 30, inclusive, in armies and departments, except Department of the East, New Mexico, Pacific, and Northern.

June 2.- All surplus light artillery; that only absolutely required by the necessities of the service in the respective armies and departments to be retained.

June 5.- All dismounted cavalry, all infantry in the Northern Department and Department of the East, and all cavalry in the Department of the East.

June 16.- All troops in the Department of the Pacific whose terms of service would expire prior to October 1.

June 17.- All enlisted men of the Veteran Reserve Corps who would have been entitled to their discharge had they remained with their regiments.

June 28.- Eighteen thousand veterans (infantry) of the Army of the Potomac, 15,00 of the Army of the Tennessee (then consisting of the remaining regiments of the Army of Georgia and Army of the Tennessee), and 7,000 of the Middle Military Division.

June 30.- All surplus troops, except in the Department of the Gulf, Army of the Tennessee, Provisional Corps Army of the Potomac, and First Army Corps. Strength of commands for all arms to be reduced to the minimum necessary to meet the requirements of the service.

July 1.- All remaining veteran regiments of the Army of the Tennessee and Provisional Corps Army of the Potomac (that corps was the remnant of the Army of the Potomac).

July 6.- The remainder of the Army of the Tennessee.

July 7.- The remainder of the Provisional Corps Army of the Potomac.

