
For recommendation of measures tending to the greater efficiency of the Medical Department, reference is made to the special report from the Surgeon-General's Office, which will be submitted to the appropriate Congressional committees.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL.

The report of the Quartermaster-General contains a statement of the operations and expenditures of the department under his control during the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1865. The principal movement of troops by the Quartermaster's Department during that time are described. They have been made promptly and with few accidents, and are striking illustrations of the improvements in the art of war which have been developed during the late contest.

The Twenty-third Army Corps, after fighting at Nashville, in the midst of ice and snow in December, 1864, was, on the conclusion of the campaign in the West, transferred from the valley of the Tennessee to the banks of the Potomac, moving by river and rail down the Tennessee, up the Ohio, across the snow-covered Alleghanies, a distance of 1,400 miles, and in the short space of eleven days was encamped on the banks of the Potomac, then blocked up with the ice of a most severe winter. Vessels were collected to meet this corps, the obstacles interposed by the ice were overcome, and early in February the troops composing it were fighting before Wilmington, on the coast of North Carolina.

The transfer of the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, under General Hooker, in 1863, from the Potomac to the Tennessee, is the only parallel to this movement. That was an almost unexampled operation at the time. General Hooker's command contained 23,000 men, and was accompanied by its artillery and trains, baggage and animals, and accomplished the distance from the Rapidan, in Virginia, to Stevenson, in Alabama, a distance of 1,192 miles, in seven days, crossing the Ohio River twice. The Twenty-third Army Corps moved 15,000 strong.

Other important operations are described, among which are the supply of the army of Lieutenant-General Grant before Richmond; of the army of General Sherman at Atlanta, preparatory to his march to Savannah; of the same army at the depots on the Atlantic, on his communicating with the coast, first at Savannah and afterward at Goldsborough, at both of which places depots were established, and his army re-enforced and equipped with everything necessary to make successful campaigns.

The transfer of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps, 25,000 strong, in the month of May, from the James to the coast of Texas, is fully described, and the extent and cost of the fleet used in this movement are set forth in full.

Transportation was promptly supplied for all parts of the South to their homes in the North for the immense army which was been disbanded, and the organization of the department which has made it possible to meet these demands so promptly is believed to have been at least as perfect as that of any other nation.

The report gives tables of the quantities of the principal military supplies, clothing, forage, fuel, horses, mules, and wagons which have been purchased, transported, and used during the fiscal year. It contains full statements of the vessels which have been in the service during that time upon the Western rivers and upon the ocean and

