
that he has inclosed the cemetery and marked the graves of 12,912 soldiers buried therein. Of these the captured records of the prison hospital enabled him to identify 12,461, and their names were recorded upon headboards, painted white, and planted at the head of their graves. On 451 graves he was compelled to put the sad inscription, "Unknown U. S. soldier." The list of these names is in course of publication. The names of those who have been interred in the military cemeteries of the District of Columbia and at Arlington have already been published and distributed to State authorities and public institutions, as well as to newspapers which publish official advertisements, so as to be made accessible to their friends.

the military organization of the operatives and agents of the Quartermaster's Department, referred to in the last annual report, was kept up until the close of the war. It did good service in the fortifications at the attack on Washington in July, at the attack on Johnsonville in the fall, and bore a part in the battle of Nashville on the 15th of 16th of December, 1864, which gave the final blow to the rebellion in the West. Upon the cessation of hostilities this organization was disbanded, its arms restored to the arsenal, and most ofaceful pursuits.

The employment of colored men in the Quartermaster's Department, in connection with the trains of the Army, as laborers at depots, and as pioneers of the troops of the Western army continued to the close of the war. In all these positions they have done good service and materially contributed to the final victory which confirmed their freedom.

The great cost of transportation of supplies across the Western plains and mountains to the depots and posts of the wilderness, and for the supply of troops operating against the Indians, is reported, and the Quartermaster-General calls attention to the importance, in this view, of the vigorous prosecution of the work of the railroads to connect the Mississippi Valley with the Pacific Coast, as a military precaution and a measure of economy, deserving the fostering care of the Government.

Retrenchment in the Quartermaster-General's Bureau.- The Quartermaster-General reports that immediately on the termination of active hostilities, under orders from the Secretary of War he took measures to reduce expenditures; to discharge operatives and agents; to discharge chartered transports, and to sell those belonging to the United States not needed to bring home troops for muster out; to reduce the number of horses in reserve at the depot; to stop the purchase of horses and mules, and to sell those belonging to the troops disbanded; to cease making contracts and purchases of clothing and equipment; to stop the repair and construction of military railroads; to return all such railroads to their former owners, and to sell or dispose of the rolling-stock and other material used thereon.

He reports sales of 128,840 horses and mules, for which the sum of $7,500,000 was received.

Of 5,355 persons employed in the Cavalry Bureau, three-fourths have been discharged. Those still employed are engaged in receiving, caring for, and selling the animals turned in by the armies.

The purchase and manufacture of clothing, which during the past fiscal year had caused an expenditure of between $8,000,000 and $9,000,000 per month, has ceased entirely, and, by compromise with merchants, contracts for clothing and equipment, amounting to $4,000,000, have been canceled.

