
restored appeared inevitable and the rebel cause desperate. Even on the battle-field the influence of the election was felt. The overwhelming voice of the people at the Presidential election encouraged the heroic daring of our own troops and dismayed those who were fighting in a hopeless cause.

5. The faith of the people in the national success, as manifested by their support of the Government credit, also contributed much to the auspicious result. While thousands upon thousands of brave men filled the ranks of the Army, millions of money were required for the Treasury. These were furnished by the people, who advanced their money on Government securities and freely staked their fortunes for the national defense.

Looking to the causes that have accomplished the national deliverance, there seems no room henceforth to doubt the stability of the Federal Union. These causes are permanent, and must always have an active existence. The majesty of national power has been exhibited in the courage and faith of our citizens, and the ignominy of rebellion is witnessed by the hopeless end of the great rebellion.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 165. Washington, November 24, 1865.

ORDER TO RELIEVE SURPLUS OFFICERS OF THE VETERAN RESERVE CORPS.

Immediately on receipt of this order all officers of the Veteran Reserve Corps whose services can be dispensed with will be relieved and ordered to proceed to their respective places of residence, and from there report by letter to the Adjutant- General of the Army for orders.

The names of all officers so relieved will be reported by the several commanders under whose orders they now are to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS, OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

Washington, D. C., November 30, 1865.

General D. C. McCALLUM,

Director and General Man. Mil. Railroads United States,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In compliance with your order I have the honor to make the following report of operations in the Construction Department, U. S. Military Railroads:

In my reports of November 1, 1864, and May 20, 1865, the narrative of operations in the Military Division of the Mississippi was carried up to January 1, 1865, the date of my departure from Nashville to join General Sherman at Savannah, and of those in the Department of North Carolina up to May 20, 1865. During my absence Mr. E. L.

