
respectively, by Surg. R. H. Coolidge, medical inspector, U. S. Army; Colonel A. G. Brackett, Ninth Regiment Illinois Cavalry; Captain J. C. Peterson, Fifteenth Regiment U. S. Infantry; Captain M. Cogswell, Eighth U. S. Infantry, and Surg. G. L. Sutton, U. S. Volunteers. The following tabular statement will give an idea of the amount and kind of labor performed by these details:

 Transferr	 Returned	 Returned	 Recommend	 Total

 ed to	 to	 to	 ed for	 examined

 Invalid	 regiments	 hospitals	 discharge	 .

 Corps.	 .	 .	 .

Surgeon	 3.366	 2.458	 1.754	 149	 7.727

Coolidge

's

board.

Captain	 2.783	 1.805	 129	 324	 5.041

Peterson

's

board.

Non-commissioned officers and soldiers were transferred with the same rank which they held in their original organizations. They might be mustered out and re-enlisted in the corps, if they chose, but their new term would be for three years unless sooner discharged. Officers who entered from field organizations were to send in their resignations dated the day previous to the acceptance of the new commissions. Transfers from one battalion to another were made on the 1st of every month, after a rigid examination by a surgeon and the senior officer of the post or hospital. Soldiers of the First Battalion who proved unfit for it were shifted to the Second. Those of the Second who became entirely disabled might be discharged, except in cases of good men, injured in the service, who desired to remain. These could be retained and assigned to clerical or other light duty. If they were mustered out for disability and at their own request, it must be so stated on their final papers. The former company and regiment and the State from which the man originally enlisted, as well as the order of transfer to the corps, were also to be noted on all certificates of discharge.

A considerable number of Invalid Corps officers were soon on duty in the hospitals, relieving convalescents who were sufficiently recovered to go to the front. Their position was that of military assistants or military commanders. They were subordinate to the surgeon in charge, and aided him in his administrative and executive duties. The senior attended to the police and discipline of the establishment; was responsible for the clothing, arms, equipments, and descriptive lists of men received; noted on the descriptive rolls all payments and issues of clothing made at the hospital; supervised the muster and pay rolls, the accounts of the patients, the property inventories of deceased men, the reports of deaths and discharges; recorded the deaths and interments and saw that the graves had proper headboards; in the absence of the champlain kept the chaplain's register.

DISCIPLINE AND ORGANIZATION.

How should discipline be established with promptness and uniformity in an organization needed for d drawn from every arm of the service? Various directions to this end were issued in orders, circulars, and letters. Each company to be made up, if possible, of men from different States; it was to be kept intact, as far

