
in other branches of the Army, but that they should not be allowed the premium and bounties for future service which were granted to re-enlisted members of field organizations. In other words, the veteran volunteer in the corps only received the $ 100 due for his original term and such local bounty as he might be paid by the State, county, or township to which he was credited.

ORDINARY OFFICIAL BUSINESS.

Few changes were made during this period in the method of transacting the ordinary official business of the organization. In January, 1864, it was ordered that commandants of companies should no longer forward their monthly returns direct to the headquarters of the corps and of the Army. They were to send them to their proper regimental commanders, who were to transmit consolidated returns to the Provost-Marshal-General and to the superintendent of recruiting in the State where the regiment was stationed. Unattached companies continued to act in this matter as regiments.

CHANGE OF DESIGNATION OF THE CORPS.

One of the most important events in the history of the corps during the year was a change in its designation. General Orders, Numbers 111, Adjutant-General's Office, March 18, 1864, directed that the name of Invalid Corps should be dropped for that of Veteran Reserve Corps. There were two reasons for this action, one deduced from sentiment and the other from utility. The bitter prejudice of field troops against a garrison organization had found scope in a multitude of sarcasms and jeers which made the title of Invalid Corps a burden. Men frequently begged to be sent back to their old regiments in the field rather than remain in garrison at the price of being called invalids. The second cause for the change was the necessity of enlarging the limits of recruitment. About this period such numbers were discharged through expiration of term of service that the losses very nearly equaled the accessions, and, indeed, during a part of 1864 greatly exceeded them.

A Veteran Reserve Corps might accept classes of men which an Invalid Corps could not. Circular 65, Adjutant-General's Office, 1864, heretofore mentioned as allowing enlistments among discharged soldiers not subject to draft, without reference to disabilities, must be considered as a sequence of this change of title. Notwithstanding the absurdity of the prejudice against the word invalid, the new nomenclature was no doubt a benefit, inasmuch as it removed, at least in part, an obstacle to that esprit de corps which is so essential to the well-being and efficiency of a military organization.

SERVICES - GUARD DUTY.

No statistics of the ordinary duty performed by the corps during this official year have been collected, except the fact that 21,345 recruits, deserters, &amp; c., were guarded by the Tenth Regiment, with a loss of only thirty-five. At this distance of time it would be difficult to obtain data for an accurate or even approximative report on the subject.

It is known, however, that the services rendered by the Veteran Reserves were very arduous, and it is believed that more duty would not have been demanded of a similar number of able-bodied soldiers.

