
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 26. Washington, June 17, 1865.

ORDERS AND INSTRUCTIONS RELATIVE TO THE MUSTER OUT AND DISCHARGE OF CERTAIN VOLUNTEER TROOPS.

White troops (except Veteran Reserve Corps) whose terms expire prior to October 1, 1865; artillery in the Armies of the Potomac (including Ninth Corps), Tennessee, and Georgia; dismounted cavalry in all armies and departments; all cavalry in the Department of the East, and certain infantry in the Northern Department and Department of the East.

TELEGRAM.] WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The Secretary of War directs that all volunteer organizations of white troops in your command whose terms of service expire between this date and September 30 next, inclusive, be immediately mustered out of service.

The musters out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, No. 94, of the 15th instant, from this office.

All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequent to October 1, 1865, will be transferred to other organizations from the same State; to veteran regiments when practicable,and when not practicable to regiments having the longest time to serve.

It is proper to add that this order will discharge as follows:

First. The three-years" regiments that were mustered into service under the call of July 2, 1862,and prior to October 1 of that year.

Second. Three-years" recruits mustered into service for old regiments between the same dates.

Third. One-year's men for new and old organizations, who entered the service between May 17 and October 1, 1864.

Please acknowledge receipt of this.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-Orders and instructions, as in the foregoing, were applied to the Army of the Tennessee and Army of Georgia, under the command of Major-General Sherman, June 18, 1865.

TELEGRAM.] WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 18, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

In connection with the telegram order of yesterday, relative to the discharge of troops whose terms expire prior to October 1, and referring to paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 94, current series, I am directed to say that it is of importance that the muster-out rolls should be ready in the shortest time possible.

Extra clerks should be detailed to assist the commissaries of musters and their assistants.

In the absence of rooms for use as offices, hospital and wall tents should be provided for the use of mustering officers in making out the necessary papers. All other proper facilities at command should be afforded.

The attention of corps, division, and brigade commanders should be particularly directed to what is required of them under paragraph IV, General Orders, No. 94.

Assistant inspector-general should be directed to frequently visit regiments and companies,to see in person if the date for the rolls and other papers are promptly and accurately furnished by regimental and company officers, conferring with the commissaries of musters and their assistance with the view of correcting at once any delinquencies they may find to exist.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-The foregoing instructions were applied to the Army of the Tennessee Army of Georgia, May 18, 1865, and to other armies and departments, except Department of the East, Northern Department, Departments of the Pacific and New Mexico, June 2, 1865.

