
Please acknowledge receipt of this by telegram and report the number of men to be discharged.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDA.

1. See General Orders, No. 105, of June 2,for the discharge of certain batteries of artillery.

2. Telegram from this office of June 5, 1865, to Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East, directed all volunteer cavalry in that department to be discharged; organizations to be sent to their respective States for muster out under the direction of the chief mustering officers thereof.

3. Telegram from this office of June 5, 1865, to Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East, and Major-General Hooker, commanding Northern Department, directed all volunteer infantry (except Veteran Reserve Corps) in said departments whose services were no longer required to be discharged; organizations to be sent to their respective States for muster out under the direction of the chief mustering officers thereof.

4. Telegram from this office of June 16, 1865, to Major-General McDowell, commanding Department of the Pacific, directed all volunteer troops in that department whose terms expire prior to October 1, 1865, to be immediately discharged. Should the order reduce the command prejudicially to the service, authority was given to suspend it, in whole or in part, until the receipt of further orders through the Adjutant-General of the Army.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL CIRCULAR.] WASHINGTON, June 22, 1865.

All department commanders commanding in States where martial law prevails will immediately put detectives upon the watch for gambling-houses, especially faro banks, and at the appropriate time make a descent upon them all simultaneously, arresting all disbursing officers of the Government who may be found gambling in them, or visitants therein at the time, and who it can proven had previously gambled at such places. The gambling institutions will be completely broken up and their money and stock confiscated,and the owners or proprietors of such gambling institutions be made to disgorge and refund all money they have won from U. S. disbursing officers. The officer so taken will be imprisoned and tried immediately. The same proceedings will be taken by department commanders in the North within their respective commands in the cities where disbursing officers may be located, except that instead of confiscating the money and stock of the gambling establishments, or compelling by military the owners and proprietors of the same to disgorge or refund any moneys they may have won from disbursing officers of the Government, they will be immediately reported to the civil authorities for their action. This will be kept strictly confidential, except so far as it may be necessary to communicate it to those who are to carry it into execution.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Sent to all military division and department commanders in cipher.)

