
III. Muster out of commissioned officers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 21, 1865.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding First Army Corps, Baltimore, Md.:

GENERAL: Referring to your letter of the 19th instant, relative to surplus officers of the First Army Corps, I have the honor to inform you that when the discharges from any one regiment shall have reduced it below the minimum it will be deprived of its colonel and one assistant surgeon. Each company when reduced below the minimum will be deprived of the second lieutenant.

In reaching the reduced standard as herein fixed the musters out of the officers will be made by the proper mustering officer immediately upon the reduced condition of the command being reached. In addition to the usual muster-out rolls, please report by letter to this office the names of the officers mustered out.

When the discharges cause the strength of regiments and companies to fall much below the minimum, you are authorized to exercise your discretion in ordering the muster out of additional officers. Officers not absolutely necessary to the reduced command should not be retained.

It is proper to add that for the present it is not intended to consolidate the reduced companies of any one regiment so as to form complete ones. It is desired that you will present that question for consideration when, in your opinion, the proper time for consolidation shall have arrived, holding in view the length of individual enlistments.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 175. Washington, December 28, 1865.

(December 1, 1865. - Revoking the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in the States and Territories of the United States, except in certain States and Territories named.)

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, by the proclamation of the President of the United States of the fifteenth day of September, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus was, in certain cases therein set forth, suspended throughout the United States;

And whereas, the reasons for that suspension may be regarded as having ceased in some of the States and Territories:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, do hereby proclaim and declare that the suspension aforesaid and all other proclamations and orders suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in the States and Territories of the United States are revoked and annulled, excepting as to the States of Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas, the District of Columbia, and the Territories of New Mexico and Arizona.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this first day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of the Independence of the United States of America the ninetieth.

[L. S.]

ANDREW JOHNSON.

By the President.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

