
February 21. The old bridge was abandoned as a railroad bridge, but we continued to keep it in repair and work the draws for the passage of boats and travel.

November 14, 1865, I received orders from you to turn it over to the Interior Department, and the transfer was made November 15. The necessary tools, &amp; c., for working the draws were turned over with it.

ALEXANDRIA, LOUDOUN AND HAMPSHIRE RAILROAD.

This road was but little used further than running one regular train daily each way for the accommodation of troops at Vienna and Convalescent Camp (three miles and a half from Alexandria), and hauling an occasional train of wood for use of quartermaster's department. July 14 the following order was received from you.

You will turn over the Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad to Mr. Lewis McKenzie, agent of the Board of Public Works of the State of Virginia, who is duly authorized to receive and receipt for the same. No claim upon this road nor any rights of property which the United States may have acquired therein during the course of the war will be compromised, nor will any questions respecting the same be considered as affected by this turning over the road.

Mr. McKenzie not being ready to receive the road at the date above mentioned, we continued to run it and your instructions were not carried into effect until August 8, 1865, at which time it was turned over.

SOUTH SIDE RAILROAD.

The short time this road was run since date of last report will cause me to make but a mere mention of operations. We continued to run the road (from City Point to Burkeville, sixty-two miles), transporting troops en route North from North Carolina, until July 24, 1865. At this date the road was turned over to the company. The whole force, with the exception of some sixteen men left to take care of property, were brought to Alexandria and discharged, and all the property removed from City Point to Alexandria, with the exception of railroad iron, lumber, wood, and cross-ties. The railroad iron was sold at public auction October 11, under the direction of General Robinson, assistant quartermaster, and during the month of December the balance of material was invoiced by him to Captain Barnes, assistant quartermaster, the officer in charge at City Point. After weighing and measuring all material and seeing that it was properly received by the parties who purchased it, our force left for Alexandria and were discharged January 1, 1866.

RICHMOND AND PETERSBURG RAILROAD AND CLOVER HILL BRANCH.

This road not being of any further importance as a military railroad, on account of the troops of General Sherman's army leaving the post at Manchester (opposite Richmond), where they received supplies prior to their march overland to Alexandria and Washington, and application having been made by Governor Peirpoint to have the road transferred to the company, by your order it was turned over July 3, 1865, and all material, & c., removed to City Point.

RICHMOND AND DANVILLE RAILROAD.

We continued to run this as a military railroad until July 4, 1865, at which time it was surrendered to the company. It was used mainly for furnishing supplies and transporting Sixth Army Corps

