
between Danville and Manchester (140 miles) and transporting troops arriving at Danville from North Carolina for the North by way of Burkeville and City Point. All the rolling-stock used by us on this road was captured. The locomotive engines were eighteen in number and were turned over to the company with the road. All movable property belonging to the Government was sent to City Point. Twenty-four new locomotive engines and about 274 new cars (all five-feet gauge) were stored at Manchester. A force of men were kept in charge of this rolling-stock until sold by General Robinson, assistant quartermaster, October 3, 1865.

WINCHESTER AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.

During the months of July and August this road was kept busy furnishing supplies and transporting troops belonging to General Hancock's corps. By September 1 most of these troops were sent to other points or mustered out and nothing was done on the road, with the exception of running two regular passenger trains daily each way with mails, an occasional car-load of freight, and Adams Express business. But few passengers were carried, on account of the terminus of the road being at Stephenson's (four miles from Winchester), most of the travel going by stage to Martinsburg. This continued until the transfer of the road. December 15 I was directed by you to turn over the road to the company, and notified that the company would be admitted to the privileges of the Executive order of October 14, 1865. An inventory was taken of all Government property and a fair valuation placed on it. It was then tendered that company, but they declined purchasing it, they having arranged with the Baltimore and Ohio Company to operate the road for them. The transfer of the road was made January 20, 1866. All rolling-stock, material, &amp; c., were brought to Alexandria, with exception of lumber and wood. This was invoiced to Major Flagg, post quartermaster at Harper's Ferry, by General Robinson, assistant quartermaster. The forces on this road were brought to Alexandria and discharged January 26, 1866.

The large quantity of rolling-stock and other material collected at Alexandria from the different roads, and the large supply of new material in the store-house, caused us to keep a large force to protect and put it in good condition for sale. The first sale took place October 17, 18, and 19, when all the engines and cars then stored at Alexandria were sold at prices in most cases far in advance of cost. Another sale of store-house material took place December 12, 13, and 14, and again January 10, 11, and 12, leaving but a small amount on hand except the rolling-stock and material brought from Winchester and Potomac road, which has been advertised to be sold April 10, 1866. Tracks at Point Lookout and Dodge's Wharf, Georgetown, were taken up, together with portions of the track at Annapolis and Fortress Monroe, and the iron brought to Alexandria and sold. Please see tabular statements for further information. This sums up the report of my operations in the Department of Virginia from July 1, 1865, to February 28, 1866.

Respectfully submitted.

J. J. MOORE,

Chief Engineer and General Supt. Mil. Railroads of Virginia.

