
regiments from other sources; also all absentees. The total reduction will be about 70,000. General Orders, No. 94, current series, from this office, will govern the musters out and payments.

Please furnish the Governor with a copy of this.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 27. Washington, June 26, 1865.

The necessity for the services of the invalid companies of the Regular Army, authorized by paragraph 5 of General Orders, No. 245, of 1863, having ceased, the organizations will be discontinued. Commanding officers of depots will at once cause a careful medical examination to be made of the enlisted men composing them. All men who are not now, or who are not likely to become in a reasonable time, capable of performing field duty will at once be discharged on the usual medical certificates. The remainder will be forwarded to their companies as rapidly as their condition will permit.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 26, 1865.

TELEGRAM TO DEPARTMENT COMMANDERS.

Please cause an immediate investigation as to the expiration of service of all men on detached duty, in confinement, &amp;c., within you department, that all entitled to discharge may be forwarded to the chief mustering officer of their respective States for muster out, or to be otherwise disposed of, as required by existing orders. Applications from the friends of this class of persons for their discharge are being constantly received at this Department.

SAMUEL BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 28, 1865.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I understand there is a great delay in carrying out orders for the muster out of troops in hospitals throughout the North arising principally from neglect of officers forwarding with sick men their descriptive rolls. In many instances the organizations to which sick men belong have been mustered out, leaving no way to get at their descriptive rolls further than their record is kept in the Adjutant-General's Office.

I would recommend that a circular be sent to all hospitals directing promptness in carrying out existing orders so far as they apply to men supplied with the requisite papers to enable them to do so, and report to the Adjutant-General the name, regiment, &c.,of all men who should be mustered out be are not supplied with descriptive rolls.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

