
7. The system of recruitment established by the Bureau under the laws of Congress, if permanently adopted (with such improvements as experience may suggest) will be capable of maintaining the numerical strength and improving the character of the Army in time of peace, or of promptly and economically rendering available the national forces to any required extent in time of war.

8. Through the instrumentality of the Bureau there was disseminated throughout the loyal States a knowledge of the routine of business in the various bureaus of the War Department, which was essential to intelligent and effective co-operation in the recruitment, through popular effort, of the armies of the Republic.

The extension of the Bureau over the country brought together the Government and the people by closer ties, nurtured that mutual confidence and reliance through which the civil war was conducted to a successful termination, and developed a consciousness of national strength which will promote future peace and prosperity.

9. The results, under the act for enrollment and draft, were attained without cost to the Government; the Bureau never asked or required an appropriation of money for these purposes. Twenty- six million three hundred and sixty-six thousand three hundred and sixteen dollars and seventy-eight cents were raised by its own operations in conformity to law. Out of this sum all of the expenses of enrollment and draft and additional ones called for by special laws were met. A balance of no less than $9,390,105.64 remains (January 1, 1866) too the credit of the Bureau in the Treasury of the United States.

The foundations of the success of the Bureau which I have controlled, under your orders and supervision, have been-

1. The hearty co-operation of the civil officers of the different States, sustained by the devoted loyalty and earnestness of the masses of the people.

2. The judicious legislation of Congress.

3. The just, faithful, intelligent, industrious, and unflinching performance of duty on the part of the subordinate officers of the Bureau. I deem it my duty, as it is my pleasure, to refer by name to the last-mentioned public servants, whose merits would not otherwise be as fully known as they deserve.

The officers immediately associated with me in the conduct of the business and to whom I am particularly indebted are the following:

Colonel George D. Ruggles, aide-de-camp, assistant adjutant- general, and brevet brigadier-general, who served as principal assistant to the Provost-Marshal-General from the organization of the Bureau to August 6, 1864.

Colonel N. L. Jeffries, Veteran Reserve Corps, and brevet brigadier-general, U. S. Volunteers, who has served as principal assistant to the Provost-Marshal-General from August 17, 1864, to the present time. Major Chauncey McKeever, assistant adjutant- general and brevet brigadier-general, U. S. Army, who served in charge of Deserters" Branch from April 18, 1863, until August 26, 1863, and in charge of Mustering and Disbursing Branch from August 26, 1863, until the present time.

Captain W. R. Pease, Seventh U. S. Infantry, who served in charge of Deserters" Branch from August 28, 1863, until April 30, 1864.

Major Henry E. Maynadier, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, who served in charge of the Enrollment Branch from May 19, 1863, until May 20, 1864. Major Theodore A. Dodge, Veteran Reserve Corps, and brevet colonel, U. S. Volunteers, who served in charge of the Enrollment Branch

