
from May 20, 1864, until December 5, 1864, and in charge of the Deserters" Branch from December 5, 1864, until the present time.

Major George E. Scott, Veteran Reserve Corps, who served in charge of the Deserters" Branch from May 2, 1864, until December 5, 1864, and in charge of the Enrollment Branch from December 5, 1864, until the present time.

Major S. F. Chalfin, assistant adjutant-general and brevet colonel, U. S. Army, who served as chief of the Disbursing Branch of this Bureau from March 23, 1863, until April 7, 1864.

Major George W. Burton, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, who served as chief of the Disbursing Branch of this Bureau from April 7, 1864, until March 8, 1865.

Bvt. Major H. R. Rathbone, captain, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, and assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, who has served as chief of the Disbursing Branch of this Bureau from March 8, 1865, until the present time.

Colonel Richard H. Rush, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who served in charge of the Veteran Reserve Corps Branch from May 23, 1863, until November 9, 1863.

Colonel M. N. Wisewell, Veteran Reserve Corps, who served in charge of the Veteran Reserve Corps Branch from November 9, 1863, until November 9, 1863.

Bvt. Major James McMillan, captain, Second U. S. Infantry, who served in charge of the Veteran Reserve Corps Branch from December 20, 1864, until October 2, 1865.

Captain J. W. De Forest, Veteran Reserve Corps, who has served in charge of the Veteran Reserve Corps Branch from October 2, 1865, until the present time.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Baxter, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, who has served as chief medical officer of the Bureau from January 11, 1864, until the present time.

The officers detailed as assistant provost-marshals-general in the several States deserve, as a class, Honorable mention. Their names are borne on the register, entitled Document 33, appended to this report.

I ask special attention to the faithful and efficient manner in which the district provost-marshal's commissioners, and surgeons, as a class, have performed the duties devolving upon them from the commencement of their term of office to the close of the war.

In general these officers were appointed each upon the recommendation of the representative of his district in Congress. Mostly without military experience, they undertook the discharge of duties not only arduous in themselves, but rendered additionally so by the fact that they were without precedent, as no like service had hitherto been required of officers of the Government.

In order to perform the duties defined by the enrollment act and the regulations of this Bureau and others specially assigned to them, they were obliged to acquaint themselves with the business of the Adjutant-General's Office, the Quartermaster's, Commissary, and Ordnance Departments, in the details of clothing, subsisting, arming, and equipping of conscripts and recruits, and forwarding them to the Army.

Moreover, there was no district in which the Board of Enrollment was free from the annoyance of evil-disposed persons hostile to the Government, who were ever ready and willing to embarrass its operations by stimulating resistance to the draft or discouraging enlistments.

