
State or Territory should be mustered into the service of the United States on any terms or conditions confining their services to the limits of said State or Territory or their vicinities.

Under the authority of the acts of Congress referred to in the foregoing, a force of 637,126 men was in service in the spring of 1862.a The popular impression was then that this immense number would be sufficient for overthrowing the military power of the rebellion, and putting down all armed resistance to the Federal Government. Subsequent events proved it erroneous, but Congress and the people deemed it necessary to check the enormous current expenditures by discontinuing the enlistment of men for the Army. The popular demand was yielded to, and on the 3rd of April the volunteer recruiting service was closed by general order from the War Department.b

Under this order recruitment for the Army was immediately stopped, the property at the rendezvous sold, and the offices closed throughout the country.

Owing to the unexpected and unfavorable turn of the fortunes of war in the following months, and the consequent depletion of the armies in the field, the recruiting service was resumed by general orders of June 6, 1862.c

The recruiting business had been so effectually closed under the general order of April 3 that the resumption of it was attended by about encountered when it was first undertaken. Before they had been fairly overcome the disastrous result of the campaign in the Peninsula exercised its discouraging effects and interfered with the progress of recruitment.

Call of july 2, 1862, for 300,000 men for three years" service.

The numerical losses the Army had experienced prior to July 1, 1862, d rendered large additions to it absolutely necessary. This public need was recognized with their usual foresight by the Governors of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, Michigan, Tennessee, Missouri, Indiana, Ohio, Minnesota, Illinois, and Wisconsin, who with the president of the Military Board of Kentucky, on the 28th of June, 1862, b requested the President of the United States sat one to call upon the several States for such number of men as might be required to fill up the military organizations in the field, and increase the Army to such force as might be necessary to garrison and hold all the numerous cities and military positions that had been captured, and to finish the work of crushing the rebellion. The President, in his response of the date of July 1, 1862, e announced that he had decided to call into the service an additional force of 300,000 men.

At the time this call was made the war had been in progress a little more than one year. The attempt to take Richmond had resulted in failure. The desire to enter the service, prompted by the first ebullition of military ardor, had subsided, and was replaced by the popular demand that the different States should furnish proportional numbers of men for the Army. No such distribution had been previously made, and in order that this call might be fairly apportioned it was

a See Appendix Doc. 1, for strength of the entire military force of the United States at certain dates in 1861, 1862, 1863, 1864, and 1865.

b See Appendix, Doc. 16.

c See Appendix, Doc. 17.

d See Appendix, Doc. 1, giving strength of the Army at

e See Appendix,

