
necessary to establish with each State an account showing what it had furnished and what it ought to have furnished up to the date of this call, and make the assignment of the new call in conformity thereto.

To ascertain the amount of service which either one of the States should have rendered if it had borne its just share, or, in other words, what part of the aggregate service, furnished up to this period by all the States, was justly due from each State it became necessary to compare the population of each State with the aggregate population of all the States from which troops were required. It was obvious that each State should contribute in proportion to the number of its inhabitants. This was required by the Statute of July 22, 1861, a chapter 9, section 1, for the apportionment of volunteers among the several States,and there was at that time no better basis to act upon.

The number of men (and periods of their service furnished by all the States prior to the call of July, 1862, was ascertained from the records of the Adjutant-General's Office, and the account of each State determined as follows:

The proportion of troops which should have been furnished by any State was to the number furnished from all the States as the number of inhabitants of that State was to the aggregate number of inhabitants of all the States. The solution of this formula gave for each State the number of troops which it should have furnished in order to make up its equal and just share of the service rendered by all the States prior to the call of July 2, 1862. If the number of troops actually furnished by any State, as shown by the records of the Adjutant-General's Office, fell short of this required proportion, that deficit was charged; if the number exceeded, it was credited to the State in question.b

Draft of August 4, 1862, for 300,000 militia for nine months" service.

The great depletion of the old regiments by the campaigns of 1862 induced special efforts during the summer and fall of that year to secure recruits for them. It was however, perceived early in August that these efforts would not meet with success, and that the call of July 2, where filled at all, would be filled mainly by new organizations. These the Governors of States authorized partly from a misapprehension of the real needs of the service, and partly from a more or less well-founded belief that, without the stimulus of commissions in new regiments, individual efforts, heretofore so successful in raising men, would not be made by influential parties in different localities. In view of this failure and the pressing want of troops, a draft for 300,000 militia, to serve for a term of nine months, was ordered by the President on the 4th of August, 1862.c The order directed that if any State failed to furnish its quota of men under the preceding call for volunteers, the deficiency should be made up by a special draft from the militia by the 15th of August. It also announced that steps would be taken for the promotion of officers for meritorious services, for preventing the appointment of incompetent persons as offi-

a See Appendix, Doc. 35.

b For results of this calculation and statement of troops raised under this call, see Appendix, Doc. 6, Table 3.

c See Appendix, Doc. 19.

39 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

