
assistant and second in command to myself in the Bureau. The second acted in the capacity of an assistant adjutant-general.

Second branch-enrollment, draft, &amp;c.-One officer only was on duty in this branch, but it received the special attention of the chief of the Bureau and principal assistant.

Third branch-deserters, their arrest, return, descriptive lists, &c.-One officer.

Fourth branch-medical affairs, statistics, &c.-One officer with occasional assistants for inspection, &c.

Fifth branch-the Invalid or Veteran Reserve Corps.-But one officer was permanently in this branch, but during the organization of the corps there were others from time to time as circumstances required.

Sixth branch-disbursements, accounts, &c., under the enrollment act.-One officer in charge, with four assistants, who paid by checks the accounts of the provost-marshals.

Seventh branch-disbursements, accounts, &c., under the appropriation for collecting, organizing, and drilling volunteers.-But officer was on duty in this branch.

An adequate number of clerks was employed in each branch.

Acting assistant provost-marshals-general.

The law created no office intermediate between that of Provost- Marshal-General and provost-marshals of districts. In organizing the Bureau it was found t be indispensable to have an officer in each State to superintend the operations of the district provost- marshals and other subordinates of the Bureau and conduct the intercourse necessary with the State authorities. The exigencies of the public service limited as a general rule the selection of officers to fill these important positions to those incapable of active duty, but notwithstanding this, excellent men for the purpose were secured from the regular and volunteer forces. They were assigned to their posts in April, 1863, under special instructions from this office and were designated acting assistant provost-marshals-general and superintendents volunteer recruiting service for their respective States. They established their offices and organized them for business upon the same general plan as that adopted for this office, but on a scale modified to suit their more limited duties. As an illustration of the organization and management of these offices, a report from Bvt. Brigadier General James Oakes, acting assistant provost- marshal-general for Illinois, is appended.a

Selection of boards of enrollment and preparation of regulations.

The field being wholly new, unexplored, and untried, the selection of suitable persons to compose the boards of enrollment was a matter of difficulty and embarrassment. In some district there were applicants who had no recommendations, and in others persons were recommended who had expressed no willingness to accept the positions. Before proper appointments could be made it was necessary to get reliable information upon which to act. This necessarily consumed some time, and after the information was obtained and appointments made, delay was encountered in their acceptance, and some of the appointees declined altogether, rendering new selections necessary. The provost-marshals were first selected and their headquarters designated. They were assigned to duty with the view of commencing the arrest of

a See Appendix, Doc. 11.

