
service increased, temporary clerks were engaged from time to time, and paid for the time actually employed. The business of the office was subdivided and apportioned among the clerks, to correspond with the division of duties in the su

Deputy provost-marshals were allowed in each district, the number varying according to circumstances. At times they were limited to two, but when the occasion required, as many as one for each county in a district were authorized.

Special agents for the detection and arrest of deserters and the performance of miscellaneous duties were authorized. The number of special agents employed also varied, but seldom exceeded five to a district. The average number was three to a district.

Enrolling officers were employed at the rate of one for each subdistrict (generally consisting of a town, township, or war). These officers were only retained long enough to make the enrollment, and were occasionally re-employed temporarily for its correction when necessary. Their compensation was at the rate of $3 diem when actually employed.

No board or provost-marshal was permitted to appoint a clerk, deputy, or special agent without first obtaining authority to do so from this office, giving the name of the person to be employed, rate of compensation proposed, and filing the oath of allegiance required by law.

To illustrate in detail the management of these district officers, the report of Captain Henry C. Naill, provost-marshal of the Fourth District of Maryland, is appended to this report.a

The enrollment.

Steps were taken as early as practicable after the organization of the Bureau to put in forces sections 3, 4, 8, 9, and 10 of the enrollment act, approved March 3, 1863.b The boards of enrollment were organized early in May, 1863, and at once subdivided their districts for the purpose of enrollment. Towns, townships, and wards were generally adopted as the most convenient subdivisions. But one enrolling officer was employed for each sub-district, as the law allowed no more. They were sworn to execute faithfully, and without partiality or favor, the duties of their office, which were defined in special instructions; and all precautions practicable at the time were taken against the employment of incompetent or dishonest persons.

Some of the districts consisted of forty counties, and some were 120 by 200 miles in extent, while others in large cities presented obstacles as formidable as geographical extent to a speedy and correct enrollment.

To subdivide, and find for each subdivision a person competent and willing to make the enrollment, took time, and was attended with difficulty, especially in the sub-districts, where there were large numbers of people opposed to the Government and the war, and hostile to this particular measure.

The enrollment was commenced about the 25th of May, 1863, and pushed forward with all possible dispatch. It was to form a complete register of that portion of the national forces not in the service. It was to give the names of all men liable to be called on for military duty, by lot or draft, and to furnish the basis for determining the proportion of troops to be furnished by the different parts of the

a See Appendix, Doc. 12.

b See Appendix, Docs. 6 and 35.

