
in different districts and the character of the officers and employes engaged in the work. Captain Erhardt says:

I have the honor to state that there have been enrolled in my district--

Of first class..................................... 54,372

Of second class.................................... 23,405

--------

Making a total of names enrolled................... 77,777

From these were taken those who actually lived in this district, and those alone were borne upon the consolidated lists sent to the Provost-Marshal-General, viz:

Of the first class.................................. 30,844

Of the second class................................. 11,148

--------

A total of.......................................... 41,992

With this exception, that those who were not known to live in any other district, by their own refusal to give their residence, doing business in this, were presumed to live in this, and were sent on the consolidated lists accordingly. These names were in the proportion of perhaps 1 to 50, so that perhaps 800 may be on the consolidated lists so subject to draft here who may show, in case of their being drafted, that they reside in another district and are not liable. This list, with the deductions of those who reside here, would leave 35,785 enrolled here not borne upon the consolidated lists of this district.

The enrollment of this district was made by an enrolling officer for each election district of this district, who reported at the headquarters of the district each day with the filled sheets, which were then given in, and an account kept of the amount of sheets (filled) each enrolling officer brought in. The enrollment was completed on the 29th day of June, and the number of names returned to this office amounted to 54,372 of class one, and 23,405 of class two; total number, 77,777.

The consolidation was made by first making an alphabetical list of each ward. The names were carefully revised, and the residence of every person within the ages named in the act, residing in this district, marked by the ward of this district in which he resided. They were then transferred to another copy, care being taken to gather all who resided in the ward, copying from other wards. On the completion of that copy the lists were again revised for the purpose of ascertaining duplicates in this manner: By taking the first name of each letter and going through all the rest of the letter, to ascertain that name was down but once; then taking the second name, and again going through those remaining, until the whole had undergone a careful and actual scrutiny; and in the same manner with class two. This was the work of many days and nights, yet it resul list. When a doubt arose as to whether the party under search was a duplicate, an enrolling officer was sent to the residence of such a party to ascertain whether such name was a duplicate or not.

Upon the completion of that copy another copy was made, and all errors stricken from and transfers made, should any be found in it. After a careful revision of that copy the final copy was made for the department, and from that the cards prepared for the draft, and carefully compared with the list, and verified by actual count.

Numerous and weighty obstacles were encountered in making this enrollment. The large floating population of the country, and the disposition and righto go from place to place without let or hindrance, rendered it exceedingly difficult to perfect it. Most of the embarrassments resulted, however, from the opposition encountered in almost every house, it not to the act itself, at least to its application to the particular persons whose names were sought for enrollment. The law made it the duty of this Bureau to take, but did not make it the duty of anyone to give, the names of those liable to draft. Every imaginable artifice was adopted to deceive and defeat the enrolling officers. Open violence was sometimes met with. Several enrolls lost their lives.a Some were crippled. The property of others was destroyed to intimidate them and prevent the enrollment. In certain mining regions organized bodies of men openly

a See table of casualties, Doc. 38.

