
with a population of more than a million of people, to which men are attracted with a view of finding ready employment in the various pursuits incident to large cities. The States showing the smallest percentage of enrollment with reference to male population are those most strictly rural, such as Maine, 14 1/2 per cent., New Hampshire, 16 1/2 per cent., Vermont, 14 1/2 per cent., and Delaware, 12 1/2 per cent. These are at the same time States affected but slightly by foreign immigration on the one hand, and from which, on the other, young men are attracted by the more expansive fields of the West. The District of Columbia exhibits a large ratio of enrollment to male population, 30 1/4 per cent., which is accounted for by the fact that large numbers of enrolled men have been brought to the District by the civil and semi-military employment incident to the Government business within and the military operations around it.

By reference to the ratio of enrollment of the entire population in each State it will be noticed that the ratios obtain in nearly the same proportion as when compared with the male population only. In the States of Maine, Vermont, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware, the population of the sexes being nearly equal, their relative proportions are about the same.

The proportion in Kansas and Illinois is noticeable, and is accounted for by the large excess of males over females. The same is true in a modified degree of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota, while in the States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, the relative proportion is smaller for the inverse reason.

A glance at the table will show the solid column presented by the Western States under the head of "Excess of males over females," and the corresponding increase in the ratio of enrollment.

Draft of 1863, being the first made under the enrollment act.

It was required that troops should be produced by means of the act at the earliest possible date. To accomplish this the draft had to be commenced in each district as soon as it could be enrolled.

But as the enrollment was completed in some districts many months before it was in others, it was not possible to determine what proportion of any given number the district first enrolled should furnish. It was therefore decided not to call for a fixed number, but to make a draft in each and every district as soon as it was enrolled for one-fifth of its enrolled men of the first class, thus drafting from each district the same proportion of men found by the enrollment to be in it. The draft being made in this manner, an order as follows was issued:

Whenever any drafted man shall show to the Board of Enrollment of the district in which he may have been enrolled that he was improperly enrolled, having been, when enrolled, an alien, a non- resident of the district, not of proper age, or in the service on the 3rd of March, 1863, he shall be discharged by the Board, and his place in the quota shall not be filled from the 50 per cent. drawn in addition to the quota to supply vacancies created by exemptions arising under the second section of the enrollment act.

It was claimed in some localities, especially in New York, that the quota required was too great, because, as was alleged, the enrollment included aliens, non-residents, &amp;c., and was thus excessively large. That cause of complaint was essentially removed by the above order,

