
It is therefore ordered that chief mustering offices and their assistant report by telegram the names of all neglectful officers, with the charges against them, to the Adjutant-General of the Army (withholding in the meantime their final payments and Honorable discharges), with a view to their summary and disHonorable dismissal from the service with forfeiture of all pay. The report by telegraph will be sent promptly upon cases of neglect being brought to notice, and at the same time the facts in full will be reported by mail.

Governors of States are requested to report delinquencies coming to their notice to the chief mustering officer of the State and to the Adjutant-General of the Army, so that a prompt remedy may be applied.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE ENGINEER AND SUPT. MILITARY RAILROAD, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE AND ARKANSAS, Memphis, Tenn., June 30, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM,

Director and General Manager Military Railroads United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I herewith submit a report of the operations of the military railroads under my charge for the year ending June 30, 1865:

At the close of the last fiscal year the Memphis and Charleston Railroad was in operation from Memphis to Grand Junction, fifty- two miles. On the 2nd of August following we ran through to Holly Springs,on the Mississippi Central road, twenty-five miles sough of Gran Junction. On August 6 we ran to Waterford and Tallahatchie River, 100 miles from Memphis. We moved Major General A. J. Smith and command to that point. We continued to run to that point until the 18th day of August, when we abandoned the Mississippi Central road. On the 22nd day of August an order was received to open it again. We did so in two days, but there being no guards upon the road the bridges were destroyed, and we did not run the road after the 23rd of August. On the 29th day of August I received an order to evacuate the Memphis and Charleston road, and on the 6th day of September we ran to White's Station, ten miles from Memphis, to the headquarters of the cavalry division. The road was kept open that distance until the middle of October, when we abandoned the road altogether and did ot open it again until the 20th of December. We repaired the road to Collierville, twenty-four miles, and kept it open until the 1st day of January, 1865, when we again evacuated. Between the opening and closing of the road at different times the bridge force was getting out timber, ties, &amp;c., and framing bridges preparatory to another move.

I received another order on the 28th day of February to open the road again. We repaired it a distance of fifteen miles, took out forage and supplies for and expedition and evacuated on the 4th of March. Remained to close up until the 20th of March, when an order was received to again open the road. Found the road badly damaged. We had it opened to Collierville, twenty-four miles, on the 24th of March; to La Fayette, thirty-one miles, on the 2nd of April. We

