
to the bad as well as the good very soon produced the class of men known as bounty and substitute brokers. The net-work with which they covered the country was so well contrived and so skillfully managed that it was difficult for recruits or substitutes to get into the service without passing through their hands. The result of abandoning the first plan of the Bureau-that of selecting and controlling the recruiting agents and limiting their number-was to throw the business into the hands of the brokers, who were generally bad and dishonest men, instead of having it conducted by men of good character, who could be held responsible for their acts.

The wrongs to individuals and the injury to the recruiting service and the cause of the country, resulting from the operations of these substitute and bounty brokers and from the large local bounties, are hereinafter discussed. They are of such character and extent as to prove the necessity under similar circumstances if they should arise hereafter, of an entire suppression of substitute brokerage as practiced during the late war.

The draft under this call, which was to have taken place on January 5, 1864, did not commence at that time, in consequence of the progress made in procuring volunteers, and of the fact that the law for drafting remained unamended. The amendments were not made until February 24, 1864. An account, however, of all troops furnished by the different localities under this call, and of all obtained by the draft preceding it, was kept in the manner shown hereafter, in order that proper credit could be given in any draft which should subsequently be made.

PART III.

The calls of February 1 and March 14, 1864.

On the 30th of January, 1864, I reported to you as follows:

WAR DEPARTMENT, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 30, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend that the total quota of the entire first draft under the enrollment act be fixed at 500,000, and that be now apportioned among the different localities in accordance with opinion of Honorable William Whiting, Solicitor of the War Department, as contained in Circular Numbers 3, of January 7, 1864, from this office, a and that the apportionment be immediately communicated to all concerned. I would further recommend that the 10th of March next be fixed as the time for commencing the draft for all quotas in all localities where they are not furnished by the 1st of March.

You will observe that as the President's call for men dated October 17, 1863, was for 300,000, the foregoing proposition to make the total quota for draft 500,000 is virtually making an additional call for 200,000 men, less the number obtained by the late draft. I think it is best to make such an additional call, and to make it at this time.

* * * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Approved.

E. M. STANTON.

On the 1st of February, 1864, the President issued an order for draft as follows:*

The report above shows the manner in which the quotas and credits were arranged. The credits allowed on and applied in reduction of

a See Appendix, Doc. 26, [Art. 1.]

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 35, Adjutant-General's Office, February 1, 1864, Vol. IV, this series, p. 59.

---------------

