
found heavy work to be done between La Fayette and Moscow. Heavy rains at this time, and water so high that no work could be done for several days. Road open to Moscow, thirty-mine miles, on the 13th day of May; to La Grange, forty-nine miles, on the 14th day of May; to Grand Junction, fifty-two, on the 20th day of May. Regular trains run to Grand Junction only until the 1st day of July, when road was opened to Pocahontas, seventy-five miles distance from Memphis, to which point we are now running regularly. The opening and closing of the line was so frequent that we could do hardly anything else. Each time the road was badly damaged, everything in the way of bridges, trestles, cattle guards, &amp;c., being destroyed, together with several miles of track burned or thrown from the road bed. The uncertainty of what use we might have for the road, or when we would be called upon the repair it, caused me to keep considerable of a force ready at all times that could not all the time be advantageously employed. The machine-shops have been running throughout the year. Since the 1st of July, 1864, we have rebuilt five locomotives, three of which had hardly any machinery on them, nothing but the frames and builders and part of the cylinders; no trucks or driving wheels, and nothing but the iron for the tanks. I sent to the Rogers Works, Norris & Sons, and to Lancaster, Pa., for the duplicate machinery. They are now first-class locomotives. We also gave a general overhauling and repairing to four others, which are now in fine order and running. We have thirteen altogether in running order, eleven of which are No. 1, one of the remaining two needing heavy repairs, the other light repairs. Three more in the shops being rebuilt, one of which will be out about the 1st of August; the other two,perhaps, one month latter. We have built ten new boxcars, and four hand-cars. A large majority of the cars on this road were in bad order and have all been repaired.

The Mobile and Ohio Railroad from Columbus, Ky., has not been in operation during the year until May 15, 1865, when the road was opened to Union City, twenty-six miles. A small force was retained during the year and one large trestle near Columbus repaired. Cars and engines were repaired. Some brigade timber and a few cross-ties were provided. I can get no data of the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad prior to the date that I took charge, May 1, 1865. Work has been done on this road at a great disadvantage owing to the want of proper facilities for keeping road and stock in repair. No machineshops, engine-house, or other buildings until recently. I have finished one engine-house with ten stalls and machine-shop attached, a carpenter's shop repairs of cars, &c., and several other small buildings used for storing, offices, &c. They were partly finished when I took charge, and most of the material was on hand for finishing. Heavy work was necessary on road bed and track to make it safe. It is now in good order. Sickness prevails there to a large extent, rendering it imperative to keep a much larger number of employes than would otherwise be necessary in order to have well ones enough to operate the road. At times fully one-half of our force are unable for duty.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

A. F. GOODHUE,

Engineer and Superintendent Military Railroads,

Departments Tennessee and Arkansas.

