
had not been forwarded to general rendezvous were ordered to be discharged, and soon after all had not been forwarded to the field were discharged by orders through the Adjutant-General.

Quotas and troops furnished under all calls.

The aggregate quotas charged against the several States under all calls made by the President of the United States from the 15th day of April, 1861, to the 14th day of April, 1865, at which time drafting and recruiting ceased, was 2,759,049,* the terms of service varying from three months to three years, as shown in detail in Appendix Document 6, Tables 2 and 3.

The aggregate number of men credited on the several calls and put into service of the United States in the Army, Navy, and Marine Corps during the above period was 2,690,401,* leaving a deficiency on all calls when the war closed of 68,648, which would have been obtained in full if recruiting and drafting had not been discontinued.

This number does not embrace the "emergency men" called into active service for short periods, amounting in all to over 72,000, and hereinafter specially noted.

Assignment of quotas December 19, 1864.

Prior to the act of July 4, 1864, a the period of military service was fixed at three years for drafted men and volunteers. This act, however, probably with a view to relieve the hardships of the conscription, provided that the draft should be made for one year, and volunteers be accepted for one, two, and three years" service. Shortly after, to wit, July 18, 1864, a call b was made under it for 500,000 men for one, two, and three years. Under the law each sub-district had the right to furnish men for one or all of these periods, and it could not be determined in advance what class of recruits or what proportion of each class would be furnished. As the three-years" period embraced both the others, and as all existing excesses and deficiencies consisted of three-years" men, I deemed it best to retain reserving the question of the value of the amount of service furnished until it could be properly determined, after ascertaining what number of each class had been put in by each locality, when excess of service could be credited and deficiency could be charged, as heretofore. The superiority of three-years" men over one-year men in service was undisputed, and was recognized by Congress, triple bounty being paid for that period as an inducement for men to enlist for it. In accordance with the act of March, 1863, a requiring that in making up the credits the term of service should be considered, as well as the number of men furnished, I announced that credit would be given on future calls for the amount of service furnished under this call-that is to say, the aggregate years of service which the subdistrict furnished would be regarded as the value of the quota raised, whether composed of one, two or three years" men, or of portions of all classes. This admitted of counting each man as a unit in filling this call, the three-years" basis being retained, and the deficiency or excess in amount of service furnished being reserved for consideration

a See Appendix, Doc. 35.

b See Appendix, Doc. 36.

---------------

*But see revised statement, Vol. IV, this series, p. 1269.

---------------

