
for three months, under special orders, to guard the rebel prisoners in "Camp Morton," captured at Fort Donelson. An emergency demanding their services in the interior of Kentucky, the larger part of then were ordered there in August, and remained until the expiration of their term of service.

On the 21st of June, 1862, Indiana furnished for special service in Kentucky one regiment for thirty days, consisting of 771 officers and men, who were raised, equipped, mustered in, and sent forwarded in forty-eighth hours. The Seventy-eighth Regiment (sixty-days" volunteers) was organized for same service as above, and sent forward in August, 1862. Strength, 621 officers and men.

In June, 1863, New York and Pennsylvania were called upon by the President for troops to meet the emergency created by the rebel invasion, which culminated in the battle of Gettysburg. Under this call 13,971 militia were sent forward by New York between June 15 and July 3, 1863, to aid in repelling the invasion, who served about thirty days.

Pennsylvania furnished 25,042 militia, who were mustered into State service, but paid by the United States, and in addition, 7,062 militia, who were mustered into the U. S. service.

These troops were discharged during the latter part of August and first part of September.

The foregoing enumeration of men called out for short periods only embraces those mustered into the U. S. service, with the exception of those from Pennsylvania, who were by special agreement mustered into State service only, though taken up and paid by the United States. Besides these, some of the States called their militia to arms to meet emergencies directly affecting them; but as these troops were not mustered into the service or pay of the United States, they are not further alluded to in this report.

Instances of the rapidity with which troops were raised by particular localities.

The following cases are cited as instances of the rapidity with which troops were furnished by different localities in times of emergency:

Under the call of July 2, 1862, for 300,000 three-years" men, and of August 4, 1862, for 300,000 nine-months" men, the quota of the State of Illinois, under each call, was 24,148 [26,148], or an aggregate of 52,296.

The promptness with which these calls were responded to by this State is without parallel in the history of the war.

The adjutant-general of the State, in his report dated January 1, 1863, says:

The order of the Secretary of War, making the call upon the States, assumed that a draft be necessary; and in anticipating that the States would not be able to contribute their quotas of the call in July for three-years" service, announced that if any State should not furnish its quota of the three-years" volunteers, the deficiency would be made up by a special draft from the militia.

On the evening of the 9th of August, 1862, the Adjutant-General of the Army decided, on fixing the quota of volunteers, not to regard those in the field before the call.

To raise 52,296 volunteers (with perhaps the exception of 1,000 who had enlisted between July 7 and August 5) but thirteen days were allowed. In the event of a failure, a draft would be made for the deficiency. The floating population of the State who would enlist had done so. These new volunteers must come, if come at all, from the farmers and mechanics of the State. Farmers were in the midst of their harvest; and it is not exaggeration to say that, animated by a common purpose and firmly resolved on rescuing the Government, over 50,000 of them left their harvests ungathered, their tools on the benches, the plow in the furrows, and before eleven days expired the demands of the country were met and both quotas filled.

