
WASHINGTON, July 1, 1865.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

From present indications I think it perfectly safe to muster out of service the remaining veteran regiments of the Army of the Potomac and of the Army of the Tennessee. I would therefore respectfully recommend that orders be issued for such muster out.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, 121. Washington, July 1, 1865.

The assignment of medical officers as medical directors, assistant medical directors, and acting medical inspectors of armies, army corps, and divisions is discontinued.

Medical directors will be assigned to the headquarters of military geographical departments only, and by the order of the Secretary of War.

Owing to the reduction of the Army, the act of Congress approved February 25, 1865, becomes inoperative, and no increase of rank, pay, or emoluments pertains to such assignment.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

30. Washington, July 1, 1865.

ORDERS AND INSTRUCTIONS RELATIVE TO THE MUSTER OUT OF VOLUNTEER WHIT TROOPS.

Surplus troops - infantry, cavalry, and artillery - in all departments and armies, exclusive of the Department of the Gulf, Army of the Tennessee, Provisional Corps Army of the Potomac, First Army Corps, and command in Texas.

I. Surplus troops.

TELEGRAM AND WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

CIRCULAR. Washington, June 30, 1865.

The Secretary of War direct that the strength of your command be immediately reduced, for all arms, to the minimum necessary to meet the requirements of the service, and all surplus troops mustered out.

The musters out will be by entire organizations, including all additions thereto by recruits and from other sources. In selecting the organizations for discharge, preference will be given to veteran regiments having the shortest time to serve.

The musters out and discharges, except for artillery, will be made under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, 94, current series, from this office. Troops of the artillery arm will be forwarded to the designated State rendezvous in the respective States (see Circular 19, current series, for this office), there to be mustered out under the direction of the chief mustering officer for the State.

Please forward to this office without delay a list of the regiments, batteries, and independent companies you may select for discharge under this order, giving therein, for each, the strength, present and absent, respectively.

5 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

