
discussing their proceedings under the call of July 18, 1864, for troops then needed to strengthen the armies in the field, they say (p.231):

We obtained what few men we could by enlistments, but lent our best efforts to filling our quota by other means. * * * Prior to Jully the subject of crediting men enlisted into the Navy since the rebellion and up to February 24, 1864, had been broached in Congress. Your committee saw in this a means to fill the quota under the present call (July 18, 1864). Having been advised that Congress was likely in some way to authorize these credits, your committee determined to be forehanded, and in anticipation of the passage of the saw allowing such credits, they commenced the labor of accumulating the necessary evidence on which to base the claim for New York County, should such a law pass.

* * * *

It was deemed important to keep this matter quiet until we were fully prepared to make our claim, backed up with the necessary documentary evidence, not only because we desired to prevent efforts on the part of other localities to rob us of our rights, for the reason that we wished all doubtful points as to the construction of the law to be settled on the application of some locality other than New York, whose claim on this behalf could not be so large, but the principle of settlement in which case would of necessity equally apply to us. In view of the very un which we believed we had been treated in an application for a revision of the enrollment, we feared that New York had little to expect of the Government officials in the way of aid in filling our quota, &amp;c.

Again, the labors of certain parties to procure for Hancock's corps are depreciated by this committee when compared with its method of filling quotas. The committee says:

As were trying only to fill our quota, and they cared nothing for the quota, but ond Army Corps, it is by no means singular that the country reaped little benefit from their operations.

It was thus that this committee put itself on record as having been engaged in filling quotas when the Army waited for recruits.

As New York City and County made frequent complaints to you of unfair treatment on the part of this office, I beg, in justice to this Bureau, to introduce two other extracts from the official report of this committee.

The committee claimed, under the call of July 18, 1864, over 26,000 credits, prepared as shown above, for naval enlistments said to have been made prior to February 24, 1864. Through the action of a commission appointed to investigate the matter, 19,477 credits were allowed and went in reduction of the number of men expected and needed from the county of New York. About 6,000 of the 26,000 naval credits claimed were assigned by the commission to Brooklyn. In commenting on this the committee says:

In all the injustice of which New York had to complain in the matter of the last call and the enrollment, in no respect has so great an outrage been committed upon us as was by this commission when * * * they allowed Brooklyn to step in and carry off 6,000 men (credits) "belonging to us."

This being the greatest cause New York had for complaint, it is submitted that the others must have been slight indeed. They probably arose from the action of the Bureau, correctly attributed to it by the committee in the following extract, made as a complaint, though in reality a compliment:

It did really seem as if the Provost-Marshal-General's department was determined that, with every change of law, they would establish the rule which would draw the largest number of men, &c.

