
This section authorized the payment of like bounty to all persons enlisting, omitting the distinction hitherto observed in regard to colored troops, and was evidently intended to allow the same amount to both classes, and bounties were paid accordingly.

Section 3 provides "That it shall be lawful for the Executive of any of the States to send recruiting agents into any of the States declared to be in rebellion, except the States of Arkansas, Tennessee, and Louisiana, to recruit volunteers under any call under the provisions of this act, who shall be credited to the State and to the respective subdivisions thereof, which may procure the enlistment," but was repealed by the act of March 3, 1865.a

Section 14 of an act a approved July 14, 1864, provided-

That the widows and children of colored who have been, or who may be hereafter, or who have died or may hereafter die of wounds received in battle, or who have died or may hereafter die of disease contracted in the military service of the United States and in the line of duty, shall be entitled to receive the pensions now provided by law, without other proof of marriage than that the parties had habitually recognized each other as man and wife, and lived together as such for a definite period next preceding the soldier's enlistment, not less than two years, to be shown by the affidavits of credible witnesses: Provided, however, That such widow and children are free persons: Provided further, That if such parties resided in any State in which their marriage may have been legally solemnized the usual evidence shall be required.

Section 5 of an act approved March 3, 1865, a provided-

That all persons of color who were enlisted and mustered into the military service of the United States in South Carolina, by and under the direction of Major-General Hunter and Brigadier- General Saxton, in pursuance of the authority from the Secretary of War, dated August twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty- two, "that the persons so received into service, and their officers, to be entitled to and receive the same pay and rations as are allowed by law to other volunteers in the service"-and in every case where it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War that any regiment of colored troops has been mustered into the service of the United States, under any assurance by the President or the Secretary of War, that the non-commissioned officers and privates of such regiment should be paid the same as other troops of the same arm of the service-shall, from the date of their enlistment, receive the same pay and allowance as are allowed by law to other volunteers in the military service; and the Secretary of War shall make all necessary regulations to cause payment to be made in accordance herewith.

Section 22 provided-

That the third section of the act entitled "An act [further] to regulate and provide for the enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved July fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.

The foregoing embraces the entire legislation and the most important Executive orders touching the relation of colored men to the military service.

The classes of colored persons who received bounty under the foregoing laws and the amounts respectively paid to them are shown by the following order of the Paymaster-General, viz:

PAYMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 26, 1865.

BOUNTIES TO COLORED TROOPS.

1. All persons of color who have been enlisted and mustered into the service of the United States, and are mustered on the rolls as "free on or before April 19, 1861," are entitled to bounty as follows, viz:

If enlisted prior to October 24, 1863, $100.

a See Appendix, Doc. 35.

