
So soon as the list is completed, inform me by telegram of the number present and absent for the respective States.

Acknowledge receipt of this.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding generals of all armies and departments, except the Department of the Gulf Army of the Tennessee, Provisional Corps Army of the Potomac, First Army Corps, and troops in Texas.)

NOTE.- For the Departments of the East, Pennsylvania, Northwest, New Mexico, Pacific, and Northern Department, the foregoing stands modified so as to send all the organizations selected for discharge to their respective States, there to be mustered out under the direction of the chief mustering officer for the State.

II. Regiments of cavalry and infantry (whose services are no longer needed) ordered mustered out of service under special instructions of dates set opposite the organizations, respectively.

Minnesota. - Eighth Infantry, June 30, 1865.

New Hampshire.- First Cavalry, July 1, 1865.

New York.- First Provisional Cavalry, July 1, 1865; Ninth Cavalry, July 1, 1865.

Pennsylvania.- Two hundred and fifteenth Infantry, June 30, 1865; First Pennsylvania Cavalry, July 1, 1865.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF ENGINEER AND GENERAL SUPT. MILITARY RAILROADS OF VIRGINIA, Alexandria, Va., July 1, 1865.

Brigadier General D. C. McCALLUM,

Director and General Manager Military Railroads United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit a report of operations in the U. S. Military Railroad service, Department of Virginia, from July 1, 1864, to June 30, 1865. My superintendency of this department did not commence until November 11, but to render this a complete record of main events, I commence with the fiscal year, July 1, 1864. During the year the following roads have been operated in this department: Washington and Alexandria; Orange and Alexandria and Manassas Gap; Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshire; City Point and Army Line and South Side; Petersburg and Richmond and Clover Hill Branch; Norfolk and Petersburg; Seaboard and Roanoke;Richmond and Danville; Winchester and Potomac. Accompanying this report you will find sundry tabular statements, as follows:

Table 1 gives a statement of the number of railroads with their length and the number of miles in use from July 1 to June 30.

Table 2 shows number of persons employed each month during the year (classified).

Table 3 shows distribution of labor and material during the year.

Table 4 is a list of locomotive engines with cost of maintenance and repairs; also shows the number of miles run,and cost per hundred miles of each engine.

Table 5 shows the number of cars hauled, miles run, and tonnage.

Table 6 shows number of passengers carried.

