
Table 7 shows receipts for passage and freight.

Table 8 shows amount of material received and used.

Table 9 gives estimated value of property on military railroads of Virginia June 30, 1865.

Table 10 shows gradients,alignments, elevation, &amp;c.

Table 11 shows number of miles of track laid during the year.

Table 12 shows number of feet of trestle-work built during the year.

I will preceded to give a detailed account of my operations on each road separately, and propose to commence with the

WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.

The track on this important connection is in the best possible condition, it having been ballasted with gravel its entire length. We experienced great difficulty in keeping the old Longer Bridge secure for the passage of trains. August 22 the draw south end of bridge was nearly destroyed by a tug with schooner in tow running into it. The damage was immediately repaired,and navigation was interrupted for only a few days. February 18 engine Minot, drawing wood train to Washington, broke through south span of bridge, the entire span being wrecked. The length of time necessary to repair the old bridge, and the importance of having railroad communication between Washington and Alexandria kept open (in accordance with your order February 19), the new Long Bridge was taken possession of and track laid on it. We commenced running regular trains over it February 21. Since that date we have experienced no difficulty in operating the road. An average of three passenger trains each way have been run over this road, in addition to the large number of freight trains run for the movement of troops, hauling wood for Quartermaster's Department, &c. (Please find accompanying this report a detailed statement of operations on this road, giving number of trains, stores carried, &c.)

ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA AND MANASSAS GAP RAILROADS.

From June 30 to September 27 the Orange and Alexandria Railroad was very little used. Occasionally trains would be run to Edsall and Springfield Stations for the purpose of procuring fueled and supplying detachments of troops stationed at points along the line. An order was received from you July 17 for the construction at car shops in Alexandria of 100 flat-cars (5-feet gauge) for the use of military railroads in the Division of the Mississippi; work was immediately commenced on them, under the supervision of Mr. B. P. Lamason, master car-builder, and pushed forward with all vigor. Some delay occurred in procuring car wheels, axles, and other iron-work, but by the 1st of November fifty-six cars had been built. The whole number, 100, not being required for the military railroads in the Division of the Mississippi, the remaining forty-four were completed for use of the Virginia department. In compliance with an order received from you July 10, a force of conductors, brakemen, engineers, and firemen were sent from Alexandria for temporary service on the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad. This arrangement was made necessary by the employes of that road striking for higher wages, thereby stopping the running of the trains and delaying the shipment of coal for Government use. The regular employes soon came

