
business was done moving troops from along the line to Washington en route home. June 27, in accordance with your order, the Orange and Alexandria Railroad was turned over toe Messrs. Quigley and Jamieson, agents of Board of Public Works of Virginia.

A large force of men had to be employed in the different departments doing work for quartermasters. Sixty-eight vessels were repaired for the post quartermaster at Alexandria during the year. Sidings and wharves were built at Point Lookout and Giesborough Point. Wharves built and repaired at Alexandria and Sixth street, Washington,and sidings laid at Bladensburg. In all cases we furnished men, pile-drivers, and material. A force of men had to be employed constantly at our railroad wharf, shipping and receiving material. (Accompanying this report please find detailed report of our railroad wharf operations.) Since the consolidation of our storehouses at Alexandria the business in this branch has been attended to in a prompt and efficient manner, under the directions of Mr. A. Roeloss, store-keeper. Monthly reports have been furnished you showing amount of material received and issued. Our printing office has done good service, and without it we would have experienced serious delay in many instances.

ALEXANDRIA, LOUDOUN AND HAMPSHIRE RAILROAD.

This road is in complete running order to Vienna Station, a distance of fifteen miles from Alexandria. The brides are all substantial and durable and have been kept in good repair. Nothing toward construction has been done on this road with exception of building a turn-table at Vienna and laying a side track at Arlington Mills Station, five miles from Alexandria. During July, August, and September but few trains were run beyond Falls Church Station, distant ten miles from Alexandria. During October a force of troops were advanced to Vienna, and that post held up to the time of disbanding the armies. A regular train has been run daily each way for the purpose of carrying mails, supplies, &amp;c., for troops stationed at that point along the line of road and Convalescent Camp three and a half miles from Alexandria. A large number of wood trains were run to transport the wood cut by Quartermaster's Department. A large portion of this was sent direct to Washington over the Alexandria and Washington Railroad. A large quantity of supplies were sent to Arlington Mills and Convalescent Camp during May and June for the Army of the Potomac, the camped near these stations, previous to being mustered out of service. This road has been operated in connection with Alexandria and Washington and Orange and Alexandria Railroads, and all accounts, &c., up to June 30 are included in Alexandria railroad. By your order the road was turned over to Lewi McKenzie, esq., agent of Board of Public Works of Virginia, August 8.

CITY POINT AND ARMY LINE.

After taking up the track of the Richmond and York River Railroad, and removing all the material of value (June 13, 1864), Mr. C. L. McAlpine, engineer of construction and repairs, was ordered to proceed to City Point with part of the Construction Corps and adequate material, in anticipation of an order to build the wharves at that place and reopen the City Point and Petersburg Railroad. The

