
That said forces, when received into the service of this Government shall have the same pay and allowance as may be provided by law for volunteers entering the service, or for the Army of the Confederate States, and shall be subject to the same rules and government.

Approved February 28, 1861.

The arms, &amp;c., referred to in section 2 of the above act as acquired from the United States, and the requirement in section 3 that the troops should not be accepted for a less period than twelve months, were important features in the organization of the first rebel armies.

Action was commenced under this law as early as March 9, 1861, as shown by the following letter:

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, March 9, 1861.

His Excellency A. B. MOORE,

Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Under the act of Congress "to raise provisional forces for the Confederate States," a copy of which I had the honor to inclose to you a few days ago, this Government now needs for immediate service, at Charleston, 3,000 troops; Fort Pulaski, 1,000 troops; Fort Morgan, 1,000 troops; Pensacola, 5,000 tpi River, below New Orleans, 700 troops; Texas 1,000 troops.

I therefore request that Alabama shall furnish for Fort Morgan 1,000 and for Pensacola 1,000 infantry, the troops to be sent forward to these points with as little delay as possible, and on their arrival they will be mustered into the service of the Confederate States.

If you can supply this requisition immediately without the publication of your order, it would be better to do so, as it is advisable, as far as practicable, to keep our movements concealed from the Government of the United States.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

A similar letter was addressed to the Governor of each of the following States, calling for troops to serve at the points named below:

Mississippi to furnish for Pensacola 1,500 infantry; Florida to furnish for Pensacola 500 infantry; Georgia to furnish for Pensacola 1,000 infantry, and for Fort Pulaski 1,000 infantry; Louisiana to furnish for Pensacola 1,000 infantry, and for the Mississippi River, below New Orleans, designed to garrison Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, 700 infantry.

On the 6th of March, 1861, "An act to provide for the public defense" was approved, authorizing the President to employ the militia, military, and naval forces of the Confederate States of America, and to ask for and accept the services of any number of volunteers, not exceeding 100,000, &c.

Additional calls for troops, dated April 8 and April 16, 1861, were made under this act, as shown by thers:

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Montgomery, April 8, 1861.

His Excellency F. W. PICKENS,

Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The discontinuance by the United States of negotiations with the commissioners representing this Government, of which doubtless you have before this been made aware, leaves no doubt as to the policy we should pursue. A large force will probably, and of at all, almost immediately, be needed to resist the coercive measures of the Washington Administration.

To meet this condition of affairs this Department, acting with reference to the power vested in the Executive by the act of the Congress entitled " An act to provide for the public defense," suggests to Your Excellency the necessity of calling at once for 3, to be drilled, equipped, and held in instant readiness to meet any requisition from this Department.

These troops will, of course, not be receiving pay until they shall be mustered into service but the emergency is so pressing that Your Excellency will fully

