
service under existing laws, or so many thereof as the President may deem necessary for the purposes herein mentioned; to be raised from such of the population, irrespective of color, in each State, as the proper authorities thereof may determine.

The surrender of the rebel armies and the overthrow of the so- called Confederate Government in April, 1865, followed so close upon this legislation that no negro soldiers were recruited under it.

In connection with this legislation the following order is of interest:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 60. Richmond, August 21, 1862.

I. Whereas, Major-General Hunter, recently in command of the enemy's forces on the coast of South Carolina, and Brigadier- General Phelps, a military commander of the enemy in the State of Louisiana, have organized and armed negro slaves for military service against their masters, citizens of this Confederacy; and whereas, the Government of the United States has refused to answer an to this Government no other means of repressing said crimes and outrages than the adoption of such measures of retaliation as shall serve to prevent their repetition:

Ordered, That Major-General Hunter and Brigadier-General Phelps be no longer held and treated as public enemies of the Confederate States, but as outlaws, and that in the vent of the capture of either of them, or that of any other commissioned officer employed in drilling, organizing, or instructing slaves with a view to their armed service in this war, he shall not be regarded as a prisoner of war, but held in close confinement for execution as a felon, at such time as place as the President shall order.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Partial statement of casualties in the rebel armies from April, 1861, to March, 1865, compiled from incomplete returns in possession of the Government (Archive Bureau).*

DOCUMENT Numbers 6. Historical report-Enrollment Branch, Provost- Marshal-General's Bureau.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., March 17, 1866.

Bvt. Major General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General United States:

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions I have the honor to submit this as a history of the business and operations of the Enrollment Branch of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau from its organization to date.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. SCOTT,

Major, Veteran Reserve Corps.

ORGANIZATION, OFFICERS, ETC.

This branch was organized about the 1st day of June, 1863, and Captain Henry E. Maynadier, U. S. Army, placed in charge, with a small force of clerks.

---------------

*Omitted; see explanatory foot-note (*), p. 687. It is published on p. 141 of the Executive Document therein referred to.

---------------

