
To this branch was assigned the duty of superintending the operations of boards of enrollment in making the enrollment of their districts, and in keeping accounts with such districts of all volunteer recruited and credited. In case of a draft the quotas were worked out in this office and transmitted to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of State or division, to be by them in turn transmitted to their provost-marshals. Also to keep all reports relating to the enrollment and draft, so that information could at any time be obtained of the number of men charged to a State or district, and the offsetting credit for men raised.

On the 20th of May, 1864, Captain (now Major) T. A. Dodge, Veteran Reserve Corps, took charge of this branch, relieving Captain Maynadier, and continued in charge until December 5, 1864, when a transfer was made by assigning Major Dodge to the Deserters" Branch, and Captain (now Major) George E. Scott, Veteran Reserve Corps, to the charge of the Enrollment Branch Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau.

ENROLLMENT.

At the time this branch went into operation boards of enrollment had been very generally appointed and commenced operations.

The first duty of the boards was to appoint deputy provost- marshals and to make an enrollment of their districts. In order to do this they first subdivided their districts, generally making a township or each ward of a city a sub-district. At first, in some instances, where the towns or wards were small, two or more were included in one subdistrict, but experience soon dictated that each town and ward should be a distinct locality upon their record, and changes were gradually made accordingly.

As soon as this subdivision was made enrolling officers were appointed, one for each sub-district, and the enrollment was at once commenced. Each enrolling officer was furnished with a full set of instructions, printed sheets, and a portfolio, and directed to make the enrollment. The sheets contained columns for the residence, name, age, occupation, color, and previous military service (if any) of the person enrolled.

This enrollment was at first divided into two classes. The first class comprised all those between the ages of twenty and thirty- five years, and all unmarried men between the ages of thirty-five and forty-five years. The second class comprised all other persons subject to do military duty. By the provisions of the act of March 3, 1863, the first class was to be entirely exhausted before the second class could be called upon. From the tenor of the act it was found necessary to create a third class, comprising those who were in the military service at the date of its passage. Enrolling officers were required to enroll all persons between the prescribed ages, and were allowed no latitude whatever, it being reserved for the boards of enrollment to determine who of the enrolled to the boards at the end of each day, not less than one sheet (twenty names) being considered a day's work. If at a distance from the headquarters of the Board they handed the sheets to the deputies, who forwarded them at least as often as twice a week.

The deputies in all cases exercised a supervision over the enrolling

