
officers. The work of consolidation was commenced as soon as the sheets began to arrive in the office by entering the names alphabetically upon the sheets ruled and printed for the purpose. Each of the three classes was consolidated separately, and, upon completion, a fair copy was made and transmitted to the Provost- Marshal-General.

Much difficulty was experienced in obtaining the services of reliable men to make the enrollment, this duty in some parts of the country being dangerous to life from the disaffection of the inhabitants. The "conscription act," as it was very generally called, was regarded by the disloyal portion of the people as arbitrary and inhuman, and their passions and feelings were worked upon by the disloyal "press" to such an extent that violence was frequently offered to the enrolling officer. In some instances these officers were attacked and badly beaten, the sheets destroyed, and the work before done neutralized. Some of these officers were murdered, and others could do nothing unless protected by a strong military force. Many men, on the approach of an enrolling officer, left their homes, and their wives, mothers, or children gave false names, or grossly misrepresented the age of the person to be enrolled.

Every effort was made to obtain a correct list of all liable to do military duty by the examination of the State enrollment sheets of 1862; poll lists and assessors" lists were examined and compared with the lists taken by the enrolling officer; and in mining districts, where the greatest difficulties were encountered, the enrollment was sometimes necessarily made entirely from the pay-rolls of the mines.

In the face of all these difficulties it is not to b wondered at that the original enrollment was very defective. The first draft developed the fact that in some localities it was excessive; in others it appeared that but few, if any, men capable of or liable to do military duty were drawn.

As these facts were developed measures were taken to have the enrollment corrected, and on the 17th of November, 1863, Circular Numbers 101 was issued by the Provost-Marshal-General to boards of enrollment, directing that lists of those heretofore enrolled be printed and publicly posted throughout the district, and all persons were invited to assist in their correction. A list of the causes for which names could be stricken from the lists was appended, and persons were invited to see that those not enrolled in their neighborhood, though liable, had their names entered on the lists. In case of alien-age, non-residence, unsuitableness of age, &amp;c., boards were to require the same evidence before striking a name off the list which would be required to exempt the person if drafted. In case of physical disability a personal examination by the surgeon of the board was required.

These instructions resulted in striking from the lists a large number of names, though but few were added.

Section 6, amendment to enrollment act, dated February 24, 1864, provided for the enrollment of all persons liable to draft whose names had been omitted by the enrolling officers; all persons who shall arrive at the age of twenty years before the draft; all persons discharged from the military or naval service of the United States who had not been in such service two years during the present war, and all persons who had been exempted under the provisions of the second section of the act to which is an amendment, who were not

