
in a loud tone, read out the name and locality written thereon, and then passed it to a clerk, who entered the name and residence (sub-district) upon a previously prepared sheet, numbered he name and card 1, and then passed the card to another clerk, who filled out the notice of draft and filed the card away. So on until the required number were drawn. The remaining cards were then taken out of the wheel, counted, and the representatives of the sub- district requested to sign an acknowledgment that the draft had been conducted in a fair and impair manner. The next sub-district was then drawn, and so on until the number required from the district, with the per cent. allowed by law, was drafted.

Upon the completion of the drawing the notices were served upon those drafted with all possible dispatch. From 75 to 125 men were required to report each day, commencing upon the third day after draft.

When a drafted man reported he was required to show his "notice" and if possible be identified by others from the same sub- district. He was then asked if he claimed exemption, and if so, upon what grounds. If for physical disability he was turned over to the surgeon of the Board for examination; if for alienage, unsuitableness of age, &amp;c., his claim was heard by the whole Board. If the desired to furnish a substitute or to pay commutation money he was allowed five days in which to carry out his intentions. In some instances bond were required of the drafted man before the furlough was granted. Substitutes were accepted after a rigid examination by the surgeon to discover physical defects, and the commissioner to discover the "moral status" of the person presented.

When a drafted man was "held to service" he was at once prepared for the rendezvous by being put in uniform and furnished with one knapsack, haversack, canteen, and blanket; also with a knife, fork, spoon, and tin cup and plate, and sent to securely guarded quarters until such time as he should be sent away.

Substitutes, if accepted, were at once uniformed and never furloughed.

When a squad of convenient size was collected, duplicate extracts of their names, &c., were made from the muster and descriptive rolls of drafted men and substitutes, and the squad forwarded under guard to the rendezvous, where one copy of the roll of the squad was left with the commandant and the other receipt and returned to the provost-marshal.

The above formula, required by the Regulations, was observed in the districts under the first draft, and has not been changed under any of the subsequent drafts.

Draft of July, 1863.-This draft was ordered about July 1 in all the districts of the loyal States where the enrollment had been completed on that date, and as it was completed in other districts they also we ordered to draft.

As the enrollment was reported to the Bureau in numbers, quotas were assigned, being for about 20 per cent. of those enrolled in the first class. In drafting, 50 per cent. was added to the number required to allow for exemptions. Drafted men electing to commute or furnish substitutes were at first required to pay the money to the receiver, or present the substitute to the Board on or before the day fixed for their examination, as seemed to be required by the terms of the law; but the rule was subsequently changed so as to allow them to be examined, and if held to service they could then commute or furnish

