
1864; was for 500,000 volunteers for one, two, or three years" service, and fifty days was to be allowed in which to fill quotas by volunteering before the draft took place.

The quotas under this call were to be reduced by all naval enlistments occurring from the commencement of the war up to February 24, 1864, and men furnished in excess of all previous calls.

Quotas were immediately assigned from this office, and the draft ordered to commence upon the 5th of September following. Commissioners were appointed to decide upon the claims of the several States for the naval recruits mentioned above, and when they reported the proper "naval credits" and excesses on previous calls were allowed each State and district in reduction of the quotas previously assigned.

Drafting commenced September 19, 1864, in all districts which had not filled their quotas. One hundred per cent. additional was drawn to allow for exemptions under the provisions of the amendment under which this call was made, and in accordance with the provisions of the same act, only those persons belonging to religious denominations mentioned in section 17, act of February 24, 1864, were allowed to procure exemption by the payment of commutation money.

Provost-marshals were required to ascertain and report the period of service of each man credited upon this call, and an "account of terms of service" was established and kept with each sub- district and district.

Operations under this draft had been very generally wound up by the 19th of December, 1864, when another call was made by the President for 300,000 volunteers.

Draft under call of December 19, 1864.-This call was also for volunteers for one, two, or three years" service; fifty days to be allowed in which to fill quotas by volunteering before draft took place, in accordance with the act of July 4, 1864.

In assigning quotas under this call the requirements of the last clause of section 12, act of March 3, 1863, were carried out. All surpluses on calls prior to July 18, 1864, were considered as representing three-years" men. These, together with the terms of service of all men enlisted and credited upon the July call, were reduced to a one-year basis; the call of July 18, 1864, was deducted therefrom and the remainder considered as representing the surplus in years of service, furnished by the loyal States over all calls. To this surplus was added the call of December 19, 1864, multiplied by 3 (to reduce it to a one-year basis), and the product was called the "gross quota" of the United States. Then as the enrollment of the United States was to its "gross quota," so ed the enrollment of any State to its "gross quota." From the gross quota of any State was deducted its surplus after satisfying the call of July 18, 1864, and the remainder divided by 3 to reduce it to the number of men call to be furnished by the said State as its ratio of the 300,000 men called for. The same principle was followed in regard to districts. The net quotas of States and districts were worked out in this office and sent to the acting assistant provost-marshals-general of States and divisions upon a printed formula in which the principle was explained.

The "people" did not understand this principle. All previous quotas had been assigned by the simple rule of proportion,and the process could be readily understood by the meanest intellect. This new principle, rendered necessary by the very terms of the law, filled them with wonder and dismay, and almost every district in the loyal

