
about this result cannot yet be rightly determined. We can estimate in words and figures the material force which it has brought to bear upon the struggle, but how much influence it has exerted in bringing into action the latent patriotism of the people, and to strengthen their determination to fight the fight through to victory, cannot yet be calculated nor resolved by statistics.

Too much credit cannot be claimed for the officers acting as assistants to the Provost-Marshal-General for the various State and divisions, and the district provost-marshals, who undertook their very difficult and arduous duties amidst dangers, opposition, and almost total want of sympathy on the part of the people, and yet by their firmness, prudence, and constant labor were enabled to overcome all opposition, and contributed largely toward establishing the Bureau in the confidence of the people.

Boards of enrollment, with rare exceptions, were composed of men of high character, respectability, and worth. By their unceasing attention to their duties they have proved their earnest devotion to the work assigned them. Having no precedent established by which to be governed-the field being entirely new-the result of their two years" labor establishes the practicability of the system under which they were ordered to work.

As the people became better informed of the perplexing and responsible nature of the duties pertaining to the position of the Provost-Marshal-General, they have been convinced of the integrity and fairness of his administration; and its but just to add that his subordinate officers, without exception testify to his fair and decided management in instituting and organizing a new system, under new laws, and the complete development of this system to its present practical working perfection. They have been granted every facility necessary for a faithful execution of their duties, and while the Provost-Marshal-General has exacted diligence and efficiency, ha has maintained toward them the highest official courtesy and forbearance, rendering the service under him agreeable and satisfactory. Under extraordinary trials he has borne himself with patience, courage, and nerve; the world can never know or understand the many difficulties that surrounded the chief of this Bureau, or how successfully they have been met and overcome by him and his subordinates.

In conclusion I will add that the details of this branch (enrollment) of the Bureau have been complicated and laborious,a nd the discharge of the various duties pertaining ot it has required industry and intelligence.

The chief clerk, Alva L. Morris, and assistants have rendered valuable aid in the prompt dispatch of business, and in the accurate compilation of the records of this office, now in progress of completion. This work is unremitting and has been done with fidelity.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. E. SCOTT,

Major, Veteran Reserve Corps.

