
Possession was taken of the machine-shops at Manchester belonging to Richmond and Danville road, and a force engaged to put the engines and cars in proper condition before they were sold. Most of the stock had been on board vessels for nearly three months, exposed to all kinds of weather, and was in bad condition when received.

During the month of June the Army Line Railroad was taken up and material brought to City Point. All property not in use was collected from the lines of the several roads and brought to City Point for shipment. Regular trains were run on the South Side and Richmond and Petersburg roads, connecting with trains on Richmond and Danville road, amply supplying all the troops along the lines. A large number of discharged troops were brought to City Point, and transportation furnished a large number of rebel troops returning to their homes.

July 3 the Petersburg and Richmond Railroad was turned over to the company, and the Richmond and Danville road was turned over July 4. All material and rolling-stock that could be spared had in the meantime been shipped to Alexandria. We continued running the South Side Railroad from City Point to Burkeville, transporting supplies and large numbers of troops en route north from North Carolina until July 24. At this date the road was turned over to the company, which closed up our operations of military railroads at City Point. The whole force (with the exception of some sixteen men left to take charge of property, &amp;c.) were brought to Alexandria and discharged. All the property has been removed from City Point, with the exception of some material which will remain there until sold. Mr. C. L. McAlpine, principal assistant engineer, in charge of construction department, and G. M. Huntington, superintendent, in charge of transportation department on this line, were persevering in the discharge of their varied and arduous duties. May 15 Mr. McAlpine having resignated his position, Mr. T. D. Hays was then appointed "in charge" of all our railroad operations at City Point; and to him I am indebted for valuable assistance rendered.

PETERSBURG AND RICHMOND RAILROAD AND CLOVER HILL BRANCH.

When Petersburg and Richmond were abandoned by the enemy, April 3, and during the time we were changing the gauge and making and advance on South Side Railroad, orders were received to open communication with Richmond. A trestle bridge 400 feet long and 12 feet high had to be built, connecting with bridge over the Appomattox River at Petersburg. The road was opened April 7. Two regular passenger trains were run each way daily from City Point to Manchester (opposite Richmond), by way of Petersburg. No freight business of any note was done until the last of April, when orders were received to establish a depot at Manchester in order to provide the Army of the Potomac and General Sherman's army with supplies previous to their march to Alexandria and Washington. Sidings and platforms were built and large quantities of supplies sent forward from City Point. All orders on us forptly. In connection with this road we operated the Clover Hill Branch, a coal road diverging from the main line nine miles from Petersburg, and running up to coal mines a distance of eighteen miles. This became necessary on account of the scarcity of coal in Richmond and Petersburg. One train daily was run, carrying all the coal that was loaded in cars at the mines. After the armies

