
moved from Manchester but little business was done on these roads. Application having been made by Governor Peirpoint to have the road transferred to the company, by your order it was turned over July 3, and all material, &amp;c., removed to City Point.

RICHMOND AND DANVILLE RAILROAD.

On the evacuation of Richmond, and during the time our army was advancing, it became necessary to rebuild a number of the railroads that had been used by the enemy during the war. By orders received form you April 20 I made an examination of this road. It was found to be in good order, with the exception of the bridge over Appomattox and Staunton Rivers, and about 2,000 feet of track were destroyed. The officers of the Richmond and Danville Railroad ran all their rolling-stock then in running order south of the bridges, and subsequently concentrated it at Clover Station, as a point midway between our two grand armies, and it was then captured by the Sixth Army Corps, on its advance, to Danville. April 24, I received orders, through General Ingalls, to make the necessary repairs and open communication with Danville; work was commenced on Staunton River bridge April 26, and it was complected May 2. The bridge is 600 feet long and 40 feet high. All the timber used in constructing it was cut in the surrounding woods, and hauled to the bridge by teams detailed for that purpose. During the progress of the work trains were turn between the river and Danville for transportation of supplies. Twenty cars of subsistence stores received from wagon trains were taken to Danville, and the First Bridge, First Division, Sixth Army Corps, brought from Danville to the bridge to await the completion for further transportation. On completion of the bridge, May 2, four trains of troops were sent to Burkeville. Transportation of balance of First Division commenced at once and was completed May 5; the entire division of 8,000 men employing 253 cars, in twenty-one trains. May 6 commenced transportation of captured ordnance,ordnance stores, arsenal machinery, &c., from Danville to Burkeville; thence by way of South Side Railroad to City Point, amounting in all to 360 car- loads, in thirty trains; finished May 15. May 10 commenced moving balance of Sixth Army Corps, numbering about 18,000 men, with usual baggage, officers" horses, &c., from Danville to Manchester, 140 miles. This work employed forty-five trains, or 468 cars, and was finished May 22. In addition to this business was transportation of supplies for the Sixth Army Corps while at Danville. Crowds of negroes and paroled prisoners going north and south. After passage of Sixth Corps to June 15 but little business was done, consisting principally of transportation of mails, supplies, &c., for posts at Danville, Keysville, and Amelia Court-House; occasional regiments for points on line, some from Lynchburg by way of Burkeville Junction to Richmond. June 15 commenced transportation of large numbers of paroled prisoners to Danville, which continued until surrendering the road to Board of Public Works of Virginia, at the rate of 864 per day, and total of 15,600. June 22 commenced transportation of troops arriving at Danville from North Carolina for the north, by way of Burkeville and City Point; this continued until surrender of the road July 4, amounting to 7,250 soldiers, 115 horses, and 15 cars baggage. The cars on this road were found in very bad condition and many set aside. The locomotives

