
In 1863 the monthly desertions averaged 4,647; in 1864 they averaged 7,333; in 1865 they averaged 4,368.

The deserters of 1864 include all drafted men who have been assigned to regiments and deserted en route to the field, an some who, being held to the draft, have deserted before reaching general rendezvous. This accounts for the increase of desertions during that year.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. DODGE,

Major, Veteran Reserve Corps, and Bvt. Colonel of Vols.

TABLE No. 1.- Statement of deserters reported by regimental and other commanders to the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau from their organization to December 31, 1865.*

TABLE No. 2.- Statement of the number of deserters arrested in the several States and Territories, including the District of Columbia, from May 1, 1863, to December 31, 1865.+

DOCUMENT No. 8.

Report of Medical Branch.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU, Washington, D. C., March 17, 1866.

Bvt. Major General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

GENERAL: In compliance with your order dated September 2, 1865, I have the honor to submit for your information the following historical report of the operations of the Medical Branch of your Bureau from its organization to the present date, and a preliminary report of the medical statistics on file therein.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. H. BAXTER,

Surgeon and Brevet Colonel, U. S. Volunteers, Chief Medical Officer Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau.

HISTORICAL REPORT OF THE MEDICAL BRANCH PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S BUREAU.

Section 6 of the act approved March 3, 1863, for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes, made it the duty of the Provost-Marshal-General, with the approval of the Secretary of War, to institute rules and regulations for the government of his subordinates, and to require stated reports of all proceedings on their part. In pursuance of the above, surgeons of boards of enrollment were called upon to furnish reports of the results of their examination of men for the Army,and in order to establish uniformity among them it was deemed necessary that a commissioned medical officer should be detailed for service under the Provost-Marshal-General, whose duty it should be to advise and direct surgeons of boards of enrollment in the performance of their duties,and who should have the custody of all reports and returns from them, for the purpose of their proper preservation and discussion.

---------------

*Detailed statement (here omitted) shows an aggregate of 278,644.

+Detailed statement (here omitted) shows an aggregate of 77, 181.

---------------

