
were eighteen in number, belonging as follows: To Richmond and Danville road, ten; East Tennessee and Virginia road, five; Nashville and Chattanooga road, two;and Norfolk and Petersburg road, one. We also recaptured U. S. Military Railroad engine Colonel McCallum; this one had been captured from us at Bristoe Station, on Orange and Alexandria road,in 1862, during General Pope's retreat, taken south to Danville road, changed to 5-feet gauge, and is now called Pocahontas. All these were in bad order, but by hard labor kept up and caused to do good service. Mr. O. H. Dorrance, formerly of the Winchester and Potomac line, was superintendent of this road, and conducted affairs with his usual ability. In consequence of the uncertainty of our operations I did not enter upon a thorough organization. The old operatives of this road were retained, considerable reduction from U. S. Military Railroad rates made in their pay, as satisfactory to them, a point of economy, and that men just from rebellion did not deserve to be rated with old military railroad employes and loyal men. As City Point was considered the base of all supplies this is called one of the connecting roads, and the accounts are included in the tabular statements opposite City Point and connecting roads.

NORFOLK AND PETERSBURG RAILROAD.

During the year the business of this road has been only nominal. A large amount of wood has been hauled in from the line of the road to Norfolk for use of the quartermaster at the post. A flag-of-truce train was run to Suffolk about once in two weeks, or whenever called upon. The track is in good condition to Suffolk, a distance of twenty-three miles; it is laid with iron, sixty- four pounds to yard, and is decidedly the best road in Virginia. October 12, Mr. H. F. Woodward was appointed assistant superintendent and engineer of the Norfolk and Petersburg and Seaboard and Roanoke Railroads, vice Mr. P. McCallum, appointed to the superintendency of military railroads diverging from Alexandria. April 1 Mr. Phin. B. Tompkins was appointed superintendent in charge, and Mr. Woodward transferred to City Point. This road was operated in connection with the Seaboard and Roanoke road and rolling-stock used on either road as occasion demanded, a connection having previously been made at Suffolk between the two roads. Possession of this road was given to the company June 30 and ended our operations at Norfolk and Portsmouth, with the exception of a small force left in charge of material.

SEABOARD AND ROANOKE RAILROAD.

This road has been in use to Suffolk, distance eighteen miles from Portsmouth. One daily train, exclusive of specials, has been run to that point. Only a small number of troops were stationed on line of this road and at Suffolk, consequently the demands for transportation have not been very pressing. A large number of cross-ties have been cut along the line of road and hauled to Portsmouth; from there they have been shipped to the several points railroads have been opened and extended. Fifteen thousand nine hundred and ninety-two ties were sent to North Carolina for use of roads running inland from Beaufort. By your directions, April 6, the new 5-feet-gauge

