
VIEWS IN REFERENCE TO THE LIST OF DISEASES AND INFIRMITIES FOR THE EXEMPTION OF DRAFTED MEN AND CHANGES RECOMMENDED.

The several sections of paragraph 85, in which are enumerated the disease and disabilities for which drafted men should be exempted have proved, as a general rule, acceptable, and but few cases have presented themselves deserving exemption which could not be classified under its requirements.

Of course no precise enumeration of all the particular diseases or disabilities which could disqualify drafted men for military service was possible, but paragraph 85 was given as a general guide, yet directing, as far as practicable, the judgment of examining surgeons. By rendering as definite as possible the list of disqualifying mental any physical disabilities, much trouble and annoyance were saved to surgeons of boards and promptness of decision facilitated. Moreover, the drafted man seemed better satisfied if it was possible to point out to him that the surgeon, in his decision not to exempt him from service, simply obeyed the instructions received from higher sources.

Experience has proved some few alterations necessary, and I respectfully submit the following changes which present themselves to my mind as desirable and worthy your consideration. For the purpose of making these changes the more readily comprehended, I write out in full the section, as in my opinion, it should read after all amendments:

PARAGRAPH 85.

SECTION 1. No change.

SEC.2. No change.

SEC.3. Epilepsy. For this disability the statement of the drafted man is insufficient, and the fact must y the duly attested affidavit of a physician in good standing who has attended him in the disease within six months immediately preceding his examination by the Board, or in default of such evidence, the affidavits of at least three respectable citizens who have seen him in a convulsion within six months, and have personal knowledge of his being subject to repeated attacks.

SEC.4. Paralysis, general or of one limb, or chorea; their existence to be adequately determined. Decided atrophy or hypertrophy of a limb.

SEC.5. No ch change.

SEC.7. No change.

SEC.8. No change.

SEC.9. No change.

SEC.10. No change.

SEC.11. Chronic rheumatism, involving change of structure of distortion.

SEC.12. Total loss of sight of either eye; cataract of either eye; loss of crystalline lens of either eye.

SEC.13. Partial loss of sight of both eyes, vision being so greatly impaired as to leave no doubt of the man's inability to perform military duty. Serious permanent diseases of the eye or eyelids, so manifestly affecting the use of the eyes as to leave no doubt of the man's incapacity for military service. Near- sightedness does not exempt, unless excessive and confirmed.

SEC.14. Loss of nose; deformity of nose so great as seriously to impede respiration; ozena with caries.

