
exempted, the disease or disability for which exemption was claimed.

Second. Of enrolled men the same, except "where enrolled" (town and county) in place of "where drafted." If stricken from the enrollment lists, state under head of remarks the particular disease or disability for which the enrolled man was found unfit. If not stricken therefrom, the disease or disability for which he claimed unfitness.

Third. Of recruits and substitutes. Date of examination, number, name, age, nativity, occupation, height, weight, color of eyes, hair, and complexion chest measurements at inspiration and expiration, married or single, white or colored, recruit or substitute, and result of examination. Under remarks, if rejected, state the reason why; if accepted record some mark or scar which may be on his person by which he may hereafter be identified.

The surgeon of the Board of Enrollment will also forward a monthly medical report of the drafted and enrolled men and recruits and substitutes he has examined. This report will be a copy of the medical record books above enumerated, and will be forwarded in duplicate the 1st day of each month; one copy through the acting assistant provost-marshal-general.

Immediately on the completion of a draft in any district the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment will compile and forward to this office the statistics of the cause of exemption on account of physical or mental disability from such draft in his district (Form 58). This report will be accompanied by a detailed statement of such other facts as may be of scientific importance to the medical profession. This report will also be forwarded in duplicate, one copy direct, and one copy through the acting assistant provost-marshal-general. In the keeping of his records and preparation of reports the surgeon of the Board will be entitled to a clerk whenever the services of one may be necessary.

MEDICAL EXAMINATION OF MEN FOR MILITARY SERVICE AND FRAUDS TO BE GUARDED AGAINST.

The medical examinations of men for the military service were made in a large, well lighted room, where they could be exercised briskly, and with the windows so arranged that the light fell equally upon every portion of it.

Upon entering the room the recruit, substitute, or drafted man was directed to divest himself of all his clothing. This was usually done in the presence of the surgeon, for this reason, that he was not then expecting to be noticed,and should be feel disposed to conceal any existing defects, as stiff joints, &amp;c., he would in this way be thrown off his guard, and the attempted fraud at once detected without further examination.

He was first questioned in regard to his name, age,nativity occupation, his general health and that of his family, whether any hereditary taints existed, and if he had ever suffered from any disease or accident, and if so, what; thus endeavoring to obtain all the information possible concerning him and at the same time enable the surgeon to judge of his mental as well as his physical qualifications.

He was then placed under a stationary measuring road, directed to stand erect while his height was accurately noted,and a graduated tape was passed around the chest over the inferior angles of the scapula and directly over the nipple, and the measurement taken both at inspiration and expiration. After this the color of the eyes, hair,

