
and the complexion were noted, and a general inspection of the whole body was now made, noticing the muscular development and general appearance, at the same time looking carefully for any tumors, ulcers, varicose veins or chronic swellings of the extremities, or any defect that could disqualify him for the service.

The head wafor any depression so irregularities that might exist; the eyes, eyelids, ears, nose, teeth, palate, and fauces carefully noticed.

The chest was then inspected; respiration and the action of the heart observed, and anything that cloud be discovered by inspection, auscultation, or percussion noted.

He was next directed to stand erect, place his heels together, and raise his hands vertically above his head, the backs together, and was told to cough and make other expulsive movements, while the abdomen, inguinal rings, and scrotum were examined for hernia; the penis was then examined for epispadias, hypospadia,and venereal disease; the groin for glandular enlargements, and the testicles for atrophy, induration, or other diseases.

He was then directed to bend over, the fingers touching the floor, the legs straight and widely distended,and separating the nates, the fissure, for hemorrhoids, fistula, prolapsus, or any disease of the anus, was carefully inspected; and while in this position firm pressure was made on different portions of the spine to discover any disease or tenderness, if such existed.

Next he was directed to extend his arms straight from the body and then bring them together on the same level, behind and in front, pronate and supinate them rapidly, strike out from the shoulder, flex the arm upon the shoulder, and the forearm upon the arm, and open and close the fingers rapidly. In this way almost any defect of the upper extremities were discovered.

He was then told to walk rapidly,and then to run around the room several times, hop first on one foot and then on the other, with his heels together to raise himself upon his toes, then flex and extend the thigh, leg, and ankle, kick first with one foot and then the other, and make several leaps in the air. While thus excited he was again examined for chest diseases and also for hernia.

The eyesight was next tested by placing him at once end of the room while the surgeon stood at the other, and asking him the number or color separately. The hearing was also tested at the same time by modulation the tones of the voice while conversing with him, and covering one ear while endeavoring to discover any defects than might exist in the other.

The remaining portion of the record was then made out, result of examination recorded, and in case of rejection the disease or infirmity for which he was found unfit for military service written out in full.

In case of recruits and substitutes, when accepted, some mark or scar which was on their body was recorded for the purpose of future identification.

The number of men that can be examined per day with accuracy depends not only upon the character of the men examined, but whether or not they are drafted men,as much more time must be devoted to them in answering all their questions and listening to and deciding upon their claims for exemption than in the examination of recruits or substitutes. Forty,however, is a fair average, of all classes of the number of men that an be examined per day with accuracy.

