
Second. General geographical description of Congressional district, with prevalent diseases and causes conducive thereto; character of its inhabitants, their modes of life,and occupations.

Third. Reasons why any particular diseases or disabilities have disqualified a greater ratio per 1,000 from military service.

Fourth. Views in reference to the list of disqualifying diseases and disabilities, as given in the Revised Regulations Provost- Marshal-General's Bureau,and what changes recommended.

Fifth. Statement in minute detail of method of examining men for military service.

Sixth. The number of men that can be physically examined per day with accuracy.

Seventh. Frauds most to be guarded against, which are practiced by drafted and enrolled men to escape, and by substitutes and recruits to enter the service, and other obstacles contended with in the discharge of duties, with suggestions as to the best method of avoiding or overcoming these difficulties in future.

Eighth. What nationally presents the greatest physical aptitude for military service.

Ninth. Experience as to the physical qualifications of the colored race for military service.

Tenth. Views as to the operation of the enrollment law as it now exists, with recommendations and suggestions thereto.

These reports cover 2,000 pages in manuscript, and have evidently been carefully prepared,and the important information and useful suggestions contained therein are of great interest and value, not only to the medical profession of our own, but to that of other nations.

From all this data much important medico-scientific information can be deduced, not only in reference to the natives of this country, but of may others.

More than fifty different nativities are included among these records of the examination of men for the Army.

Of the most important questions which can be discussed I would mention the following:

First. The physical condition of each State or Congressional district of the United States.

Second. The prevalence of certain-diseases and caused conducive thereto in any section of the United States.

Third. Influence of geographical situation on disease, as climate, hydrological condition, geological formation.

Fourth. Influence of occupation on disease.

Fifth. Influence of age on disease.

Sixth. Influence of height on disease.

Seventh. Influence of temperament.

Eighth. Influence of marriage on disease.

Ninth. What nationality presents the greatest physical aptitude for military service.

Tenth. Physical qualifications of the colored race of military service.

Eleventh. Frauds practiced by drafted and enrolled men to escape, and by recruits and substitutes to enter military service,and the best method of detecting, avoiding, or overcoming these difficulties in future.

Twelfth. Height of the inhabitants of each Congressional district in the United States; the average height in each State and in the United

