
States; also the same information in regard to each of the different nativities.

Thirteenth. The chest measurement of the inhabitants of each Congressional district in the United States; the average in each State and in the United States; also the same information in reference to each of the different nativities.

Fourteenth. Comparison between mental and physical diseases.

Fifteenth. Practical experiences and suggestion.

Sixteenth. Medical statistics of the Veteran Reserve Corps.

It will be observed that the tables presented with this report relate only to the prevalence of certain diseases in each Congressional district of the United States, in each State, and in the United States; the number of drafted men, recruits,and substitutes examined, and number exempted,together with ratio exempted per 1,000 examined; the more minute discussion of the subject being impossible for want of time.

Of the importance of the information to be derived from the records on file this branch of your Bureau I need not speak in extensor.

The medical records of foreign countries relate only to the natives of those particular countries, and do not equal in extent or minuteness those on file in this branch.

The medical reports of recruiting the armies of Great Britain treat almost exclusively of Englishmen, Irishmen, and Scotchmen, from whom those armies are recruited.

Reports of conscription in France and Belgium relate to the natives of those countries alone.

Our own country containing numerous representatives of all other nations, presents the rate opportunity of comparing the physical conditions and aptitude for military service of nearly every nation in the world, for among the recruits and substitutes nearly all nations were represented.

The medico-military history of this country may property be divided into three division:

First. The physical aptitude of the entire Nation for military service, and the character and degree of frequency of disqualifying diseases among its inhabitants of military ages.

Second. The disqualifying causes which render unfit for military service that comparatively small portion of the Nation who have entered the Army.

Third. The records of that still smaller portion who,having been disabled in military service, have been discharged therefrom.

In the Medical Branch of your Bureau are filed medical records relating to the physical aptitude of this Nation for military service.

The important and highly interesting medical records, showing in what way the soldier has been disabled, are on file in the Surgeon-General's Office, and when published will doubtless present to the world highly scientific medical result never before equaled in reference to the hygiene of armies.

The Pension Bureau contains the records of those who, having been discharged from service on account of wounds or diseases, return to civil life.

The important question relating to the physical aptitude of the colored race for military service can be discussed, as also the question as to whether the colored race are more subject to any particular diseases than the white race.

49 R R-SERIES III, VOL V

