
Table No. 2, showing, by States, the distinct diseases and disabilities, alphabetically arranged, for which drafted men were found unfit for military service; also the total number examined, total number exempted,and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in each State, under the draft of 1863 (being the first draft made under the enrollment act).

Table No. 3, showing, by Congressional districts of each State, the distinct diseases and disabilities, classified,for which drafted men were found unfit for military service; also the total number exempted in each district, total number examined, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in the United States, under the draft of 1863 (being the first draft made under the enrollment act).

Table No. 4, showing, by States, the distinct diseases and disabilities, classified, for which drafted men were found unfit for military service; also the total number exempted in each State, total number examined, and ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in the United States, under the draft of 1863 (being the first draft made under the enrollment act).

Table No. 5, showing the total number examined, the total number exempted, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined for each distinct disease or disability, alphabetically arranged, in the United States; also the total number examined,the total number exempted, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined for each disease or disability, alphabetically arranged, in each State, under the draft of 1863 (being the first draft under the enrollment act).

Tables No. 6, showing the total number examined,the total number exempted, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined for each class of diseases and disabilities in the United States; also the total number examined,the total number exempted, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined for each class of diseases and disabilities in each State, under the draft of 1863 (being the first draft made under the enrollment act).

Tables Nos. 7, Contain the medical statistic of the second draft, made for deficiencies arising under call of March 14, 1864, being the second draft under the enrollment act, as follows:

Table No. 7, showing, by Congressional districts of each State, the distinct diseases and disabilities, alphabetically arranged,for which drafted men were found unfit for military service; also the total number examined, the total number exempted, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in each district,under the draft made under the call of March 14, 1865 (being the second draft under the enrollment act).

Table No. 8, showing, by States, the distinct diseases and disabilities, alphabetically arranged, for which drafted men are found unfit for military service; also the total number examined, the total number exempted, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in each State, under the draft under the call of March 14, 1864 (being the second draft made under be enrollment act.)

Table No. 9,showing, by Congressional districts of each State, the distinct diseases an disabilities, classified, for which drafted men were found unfit for military service;also the total number exempted in each district, the total number examined, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in the United States, under the draft made under the call of March 14, 1864 (being the second draft made under the enrollment act).

Table No. 10, showing, by States, the distinct diseases and disabilities, classified, for which drafted men found unfit for military

