
for military service; also the total number examined,the total number exempted, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in each State, under all the drafts made under the enrollment act.

Table No. 26, showing, by States, the distinct diseases and disabilities, classified, for which drafted men were found unfit for military service; also the total number exempted in each State, the total number examined, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in the United States, under all the drafts made under the enrollment act.

Table No. 27, showing the total number exempted, the total number examined, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 for each distinct disease and disability, alphabetically arranged, in the United States; also the total number exempted, the total number examined, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined for each disease and disability in each State, under all the drafts made under the enrollment act.

Table No. 28, showing the total number exempted, the total number examined, and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined for each class of diseases and disabilities in the United States; also the total number exempted, the total number examined,and the ratio exempted per 1,000 examined in each State, under all the drafts made under the enrollment act.

The tables from No. 29 to No. 140, inclusive, exhibit by angular lines the prevalence of diseases and disabilities for which drafted men were exempted under all drafts, and are given for the purpose of facilitating the study of Table No. 27,and render unnecessary a minute examination and comparison with each other of the rations indicating the prevalence of diseases in each State and the United States.

Tables No. 141,142,143,144, and 145 show the number of recruits examined and rejected for physical or mental disabilities in the following manner:

Table No. 141, showing, by Congressional districts of each State, the distinct diseases, and disabilities, alphabetically arranged, for which recruits were found unfit for service; also the total number examined, total number rejected, and the ratio rejected per 1,000 examined in each district, forth months of September, October November,and December, 1864, and January, February, March and Aprilo.142, showing by States, the distinct diseases and disabilities, alphabetically arranged, for which recruits were found unfit for service; also the total number examined, the total number rejected, and the ratio rejected per 1,000 examined in each State, for the months of September, October, November,and December, 1864, and January, and April, 1865.

Table No. 143, showing by Congressional districts of each State, the distinct disease and disabilities, classified, for which recruits were found unfit for service;also the total number rejected in each district, total number examined,and the ratio rejected per 1,000 examined in the United States, for the months of September, October, November and December, 1864, and January, February, March, and April, 1865.

Table No. 144, showing, by States, the distinct diseases and disabilities, classified, for which recruits were found unfit for service; also the total number rejected in each State, total number examined, and ratio rejected per 1,000 examined in the United States for the months of September, October, November, and December, 1864, and January, February, March, and April, 1865.

