
suitable persons for assistant enrolling officers, and exercise a general supervision over the work in their respective counties. Instructions to that effect were issued from this office in Circular No. 66, dated prompt and economical maintenance of the enrollment.

On the 7th of July, 1864, district provost-marshals were instructed that, in order to carry into effect the provisions of Circular No. 24, Provost-Marshal-General's Office, series of 1864, they would be required to make continuous corrections of the enrollment lists and report the same on the last day of each month, beginning with July. To this end they were directed to complete the preparation of the special lists of persons between the ages of seventeen and twenty, and between forty-two and forty-five, already referred to, and to refer to the said lists when completed, to facilitate their monthly revisions. They were further required to impose upon each deputy and salaried special agent, in addition to his other duties, the constant revision of the enrollment of one county.

Where the number of deputies and special agents were not equal to the number of counties in a district, provost-marshals were directed to appoint an enrolling officer for each of the remaining counties, and, in accordance with the authority above referred to, it was made the duty of these deputies, special agents, and other county enrolling officers to keep up the enrollment in their respective counties. To aid them in this copies of the enrollment lists of his county, with full instructions for the discharge of his duties, were required to be furnished to each officer intrusted with the enrollment of a county. Provost-marshals were required to forward their monthly reports promptly at the end of each month, with duplicate copies of the recapitulation of the same.

I repeatedly enjoined upon my district provost-marshals the strictest practicable economy in the execution of their duties, the most watchful supervision over the conduct of their subordinates and employes, and the prompt discharge of all persons engaged in the enrollment who failed to render to the Government a just equivalent of service for the pay received.

In order to systematize the work and prevent confusion, provost- marshals were required to set apart certain days in each month for hearing and determining claims for exemption from enrollment, for which purpose they were directed to allow a sufficient time, and were authorized to decline the consideration of claims for exemption on any other than the specified days. Adherence to this rule was for a portion of the time absolutely essential in order to enable district boards to transact their necessary current business. Provost-marshals were directed to recommend suitable places for holding examinations, to be approved by the Secretary of War, in accordance with the provisions of section 14, amended enrollment act, February 24, 1864.

In granting exemptions provost-marshals were enjoined to be governed strictly by the instructions of the provost-marshals were enjoined to be governed strictly by the instructions of the Provost-Marshal-General, and to use great care to avoid fraud, imposition, and injustice. No exemptions were permitted to be granted except for the causes specified in the circular of the Provost-Marshal-General, viz, permanent physical or mental disability, alienage, non-residence, unsuitableness of age, and two or more years of service in the present war. Persons removed from one sub-district to another, in the same district, were not allowed to be stricken from the rolls of the former sub-district

