
18. Statement of results of draft.

19. Statistics of the draft.

20. Statement of persons arrested, not deserters.

21. Statement of expenses of districts.

DOCUMENT Numbers 12. Historical report of the operations of the office of the provost-marshal of the Fourth Congressional District of Maryland, from the date of its commencement of business.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL, FOURTH DIST. MARYLAND, Frederick, August 20, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor, in obedience to instructions from the acting assistant provost-marshal-general for Maryland and Delaware, dated April 29, 1865, directing this office to prepare and submit through that office to the Provost-Marshal-General a complete history of the operations of this office since it commenced business, to submit the following history, to wit:

PROVOST-MARSHAL.

Pursuant to the act of Congress approved March 3, 1863, "for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," James Smith, of Cumberland, Alleghany County, Md., a lawyer by profession, was appointed by the President provost- marshal of the Fourth Congressional District of Maryland, to date from May 16, 1863, with the rank of captain of cavalry.

Captain James Smith having been suspended by order of the Provost-Marshal-General, Captain Jonathan W. Barley, Veteran Reserve Corps, inspector at the office of the acting provost- marshal-general of the State, was assigned to duty as acting provost-marshal, by Special Orders, No. 66, dated Office of the Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General for Maryland and Delaware, August 20, 1864, and entered upon duty August 22, 1864.

Captain James Smith having been discharged, Henry Clay Naill, of Sam's Creek, Frederick County, Md., a surveyor by profession, was appointed by the President to succeed him as provost-marshal September 12, 1864, and having duly qualified, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 77, dated Office of the Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General for Maryland and Delaware, Baltimore, Md., September 20, 1864, entered upon the discharge of his duties September 21, 1864.

The provost-marshal conducted all of the correspondence of the office, examined all deserters who were apprehended and brought before him, and heard and determined all claims as to property seized in the hands of unauthorized persons and delivered at his headquarters, and directed the general business of the office.

COMMISSIONER OF ENROLLMENT.

John J. Thomas, of Hancock, Washington County, Md., a merchant by occupation, was appointed by the President commissioner of the Board of Enrollment of the Fourth Congressional District of Maryland May 16, 1863, and, having taken the oath of office, entered upon duty May 26, 1863.

