
The duties of the commissioner were to superintend the enrollment and keep the lists corrected, and prepare all reports appertaining thereto, and also to attend the sessions of the Board of Enrollment.

Recruiting and drafting having been suspended April 14, 1865, and there being no further need of his services, he was honorably discharged the service April 30, 1865.

SURGEON OF THE BOARD OF ENROLLMENT.

Charles J. Baer, M. D., of Middletown, Frederick County, Md., was appointed by the President surgeon of the Board of Enrollment of the Fourth Congressional District of Maryland May 16, 1863, and having qualified, entered upon duty May 24, 1863.

The duties of the surgeon of the Board were to make the medical examinations of drafted men, substitutes, and recruits, to keep a record of the result of the examinations, and report the same to the Provost-Marshal-General, and to attend the sessions of the Board of Enrollment.

Drafting and recruiting having been discontinued, and there being no further need of his services, he was honorably discharged the service June 15, 1865.

ESTABLISHMENT OF HEADQUARTERS.

By direction of the Provost-Marshal-General, the provost-marshal established his headquarters at Frederick City, Md., June 1, 1863.

The provost-marshal found it very difficult to lease a building suitable for the transaction of the business of his office. This was attributable to the fact that property holders were apprehensive that any building occupied by an officer of the Government for Government purposes would, in the event of an invasion of Maryland by the Confederate army, be more liable to be destroyed by the enemy. The provost-marshal succeeded, however, in procuring such accommodations as enabled him to proceed with the business of his office.

The business of the office as it continued greatly increased, and the provost-marshal found the accommodations at his headquarters totally inadequate procured another building at the earliest day possible, which was fitted up in such apartments as were adapted to the prompt transaction of business, which was found to be advantageous to the service.

It is the opinion of this office that three rooms do not afford sufficient accommodations for the successful transaction of the business of a provost-marshal, and I would respectfully state that the experience of this office convinces me that the duties of the provost-marshal and the Board of Enrollment cannot be satisfactorily performed with less than five rooms; and I would further state that a building with five rooms can be leased with very little additional expense.

The provost-marshal should have a medium-sized room, and it is highly important that the Board of Enrollment should have a large and well-lighted room for the examination of recruits, substitutes, and drafted men. There should be one large room for the clerical force of the office, and a room in which to keep clothing, so assorted that the proper-sized articles may be promptly selected when needed for uniforming men. There should also be a room for the reception and accommodation of the people who are seeking admission to the provost-marshal or the Board of Enrollment. This is found almost indispensable in inclement weather and in the winter season.

