
NOTICE CONVENING THE BOARD OF ENROLLMENT.

The provost-marshal having established his headquarters, notified the commissioner of enrollment and the surgeon of the Board that the Board of Enrollment would convene for the transaction of business on the 10th day of June, 1863, and hold a session each day thereafter, except Sundays.

BOARD OF ENROLLMENT.

The Board of Enrollment was composed of the provost-marshal, who was president, the commissioner, and the surgeon.

The provost-marshal designated one of his clerks as recorder of the Board of Enrollment.

The Board of Enrollment held a session every day, except Sunday, and usually convened at 9 a.m., and continued in session until all of the business before it was transacted.

When recruiting was active, or a draft in progress, the Board sat without reference to hours. All recruits and drafted men were examined in the presence of the Board.

TERRITORY EMBRACED IN THE FOURTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF MARYLAND.

The Fourth Congressional District of Maryland is composed of that portion of Western Maryland embracing Alleghany, Washington, Frederick, and Carroll Counties.

Pursuant to instructions from the acting assistant provost- marshal-general of the State, dated December 21, 1863, the Congressional district was resubdivided by the Board of Enrollment into fifty-nine sub-districts, each election district constituting a sub-district.

APPOINTMENT OF ENROLLING OFFICERS.

The Board of Enrollment having subdivided the Congressional district into sub-districts, one enrolling officer was appointed for each sub-district.

The enrolling officers having received their appointments, subscribed to the oath of office prescribed in Circular 24, Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, series of 1863, before a justice of the peace of the county in which they resided, to which oath was attached a 5-cent stamp, and the oath in each case forwarded to the Provost-Marshal-General.

The names of the enrolling officers were borne upon the monthly report of persons employed and articles hired; and they were paid at the rate of $3 per day on duplicate vouchers [Form 19], by the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, for the time actually employed.

Great difficulty was encountered in procuring the services of men who were competent to make the enrollment correctly, and much delay was occasioned thereby.

ENROLLMENT.

The Board of Enrollment having subdivided the Congressional district into forty sub-districts, and appointed an enrolling officer for each, who had duly qualified, the enrolling officers were furnished with the proper blanks [Forms 35 and 36], and proceeded to enroll all

