
All persons serving notices were required to report the names of the persons notified, the day on which the notices were served, and the place where served, and whether delivered to the party or left at his last place of residence; and if drafted men were absent, where they could probably be found, together with any additional information that might be useful in enforcing the draft.

It was also made the duty of deputies, special agents, detectives, and enrolling officers to see that drafted men reported promptly on the day stated in their notices, and if they failed to do so to arrest them and deliver them to the provost- marshal.

It was also enjoined on all good citizens to aid these officers in the performance of this duty.

THE MANNER OF RECEIVING AND EXAMINING DRAFTED MEN.

When the drafted men reported their names were registered in a book for the purpose in the order in which they presented themselves, and they were received in a private room in squads of three men at a time and stripped, and the first man on the list was admitted to the examining room, where the Board of Enrollment was in session.

The man to be examined was asked his name, age, where he resided, in what sub-district he had been drafted, and whether he made any claim to exemption.

If he made a claim which did not require an examination as to his physical or mental condition, the provost-marshal proceeded to investigate the nature of the claim; and having heard the statement of the claimant, and taken the proof, if any was offered, he submitted the case to the Board for its action.

If it was a case requiring a physical examination, the man was examined by the surgeon in the presence of the other members of the Board, and the result of the examination was reported by the surgeon with his views, and the Board made a decision.

If the man was granted an exemption by the Board, a record of the examination and action of the Board was made and the proper papers furnished to the man.

If held to service, he was asked whether he desired to furnish a substitute; and if so, what extension of time he wished.

If he elected to furnish a substitute and desired an extension of time, he was granted a few days if he was known to be a reliable man, or had reliable men to vouch for him; otherwise he was uniformed and sent to rendezvous, and was allowed to furnish a substitute at any time before being sent from the general rendezvous.

The examination of drafted men was conducted with great care, as the Board of Enrollment was constantly exposed to impositions attempted to be practiced by drafted men who would feign diseases and disqualifications when none existed.

The Board strived, on the other hand, to avoid doing injustice to those who, from inexperience and total ignorance of business, were unable to present their cases with faithfulness to themselves, and who, although they may have had a good claim to exemption, were ignorant of it, and were often disposed from a false delicacy to waive an examination.

It was the practice of the Board to examine every man and determine for themselves his fitness or unfitness for military duty, thereby avoiding complaints and applications for redress by drafted men who might afterward conceive the impression that if they had been examined they would have been exempted.

