
It is the opinion of this office llowed to waive an examination.

THE MANNER OF DISPOSING OF DRAFTED MEN.

When drafted men were held by the Board and elected to render personal service, their descriptive rolls were made out in triplicate, as required by paragraph 73, Revised Regulations, and they were uniformed and sent under guard to the rendezvous, where they were comfortably quartered, subsisted, and guarded by the commandant of the post until a sufficient number had accumulated to forward a squad to the general rendezvous.

Where they offered substitutes and the substitutes were accepted the record in their cases was completed, and they were furnished with the proper certificate of exemption and released.

THE MANNER OF FORWARDING DRAFTED MEN.

When a sufficient number of drafted men had accumulated at the rendezvous to justify forwarding a squad to the general rendezvous descriptive rolls were made out in duplicate for the party.

A sufficient guard was detailed to take charge of the men and conduct them to general rendezvous and deliver them to the commandant thereof with the rolls, one copy of which was retained by him and the other returned with a receipt for the party as delivered to him on the back.

The returned copy was forwarded to the Provost-Marshal-General's Office at the end of each month. (See paragraph 74, Revised Regulations.)

DETAILS OF THE OPERATION OF SUBSTITUTION.

Enrolled and drafted men were authorized by law to furnish substitutes.

Enrolled men were allowed to furnish prior to draft substitutes not liable to draft nor at the time in the military or naval service of the United States. (See section 4, act approved February 24, 1864.)

Drafted men could, before the time fixed for their appearance for duty at the draft rendezvous, furnish acceptable substitutes under the following rules and regulations, viz:

That if the substitute was not liable to draft the person who furnished him was exempt during the time the substitute was not liable to draft, not exceeding the time for which he was drafted; and if such substitute was liable to draft the name of the person furnishing him was again placed on the rolls and he was liable to draft on future calls, but not until the enrollment was exhausted, and his exemption could not exceed the term for which he was drafted. (See section 5, act approved February 24, 1864.)

When substitutes for enrolled or drafted men were presented to the Board of Enrollment the provost-marshal put the substitute on oath and gave him a careful examination as to whether there was any impediment to his entering the military service, and if no objection was found to exist he was stripped and examined as to his suitableness in every respect for the military service, which was determined by the enrolling Board in the manner prescribed for examining recruits.

