
If the substitute proved to be acceptable he was then enlisted into the service of the United States, and the Board gave the person who furnished the substitute a certificate of exemption. (See paragraphs 96, 97, 98, and 99, Revised Regulations Provost- Marshal-General's Bureau, and Circular Numbers 33, series of 1863.)

As soon as the substitute was enlisted the money received by him was counted in his presence, put in an envelope, and sealed up, the amount and the name of the substitute indorsed on the envelope, and the amount also entered in the column of "remarks" on his descriptive roll.

The money was kept by the provost-marshal until the substitute was forwarded to the general rendezvous, when he put it into the hands of the officer in charge of the squad, who delivered the money with the men to the commandant of the general rendezvous and took his receipt for the same.

Section 16 of the act approved March 3, 1865, provided that persons who were drafted for one year and who furnished substitutes for three years were exempt from military duty during the time for which such substitutes were not liable to draft, not exceeding the time for which such substitutes were mustered into the service, anything in the act of February 24, 1864, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Substitutes were forwarded to the general rendezvous in the same manner as drafted men.

RECRUITING ASSOCIATIONS.

Section 23, act approved March 3, 1865, provided that any person or persons enrolled in any sub-district could, after a notice of a draft and before the same had taken place, cause to be mustered into the service of the United States such number of recruits not subject to draft as they deemed expedient, which recruits stood to the credit of the persons thus causing them to be mustered in and were taken as substitutes for such persons or so many of them as were drafted to the extent of the number of such recruits and in the other designated by the principals at the time such recruits were thus, as aforesaid, mustered in.

When the number of recruits furnished by the association exceeded the number of men drafted from such association the excess, though credited to the sub-districts, created no claim for the exemption of any person whomsoever.

Members of these associations who were drafted and secured exemption under the twenty-third section aforesaid were exempt from that draft, but were liable to be drafted on future calls.

Recruits furnished by associations and taken as substitutes for drafted men who were members of the association were credited at the time of muster in to the sub-district to which the association belonged.

The recruits presented by said associations were received, examined, and disposed of as volunteers.

REPRESENTATIVE RECRUITS.

Representative recruits were received and enlisted in accordance with Circular Numbers 25, Provost-Marshal-General's Office, series of 1864, and were disposed of as substitutes.

