
to walk about and exercise his limbs briskly. If he was rejected by the surgeon as physically unfit for service, his descriptive list was taken, and any prominent marks on his person were noted, together with any information that might be useful in making up the medical statistics of examinations.

If the man was found to be suitable for the military service, his descriptive list was taken in a book for that purpose, and a full and complete record of his examination was taken by the examining surgeon. The recruit was then sent into an adjoining room for enlistment.

ENLISTING RECRUITS.

The recruit having been accepted, his enlistment papers were made out in triplicate and properly signed, and he was duly enlisted into the service of the United States, in accordance with the recruiting regulations, and his enlistment papers were disposed of as directed by Circular Numbers 22, Provost-Marshal-General's Office, series of 1864.

A record book was kept of all enlistments into the service of the United States. (See Circular 22, Provost-Marshal-General's Office, series of 1864.)

THE MANNER OF MUSTERING VOLUNTEERS.

The recruits having been examined and duly enlisted, the provost- marshal then explained to them the nature and duties of the service and mustered them into the U. S. service in accordance with the mustering regulations.

Muster and descriptive rolls were made out in quadruplicate and disposed of as required by Circular Numbers 22, Provost-Marshal- General's Office, series of 1864.

THE MANNER OF PROVIDING FOR VOLUNTEERS.

As soon as volunteers were mustered into the U. S. service they were sent under guard to the rendezvous, where they were quartered in a commodious building and subsisted and guarded by the commandant of the post until a sufficient number had accumulated to forward a detachment to the general rendezvous.

THE MANNER OF FORWARDING VOLUNTEERS.

When a sufficient number of recruits had accumulated to justify forwarding a squad, a muster and descriptive roll was made in duplicate for the detachment and sent with the party to the general rendezvous. One copy was retained by the commandant and the other was receipted by him on the back for the number of men delivered and returned. Volunteers were in all cases forwarded under guard.

Any money received by volunteers at the time they enlisted was counted in their presence and placed in an envelope, and the amount and the name of the recruit indorsed on the envelope.

The amount of money was also entered on the muster and descriptive roll of the man in the column of remarks, and the money was retained by the provost-marshal and sent to the general rendezvous with the man by the officer in charge of the detachment, who turned it over to the commanding officer and took his receipt.

Many of the volunteers who were raised in and credited to this district were mustered into the service by the different assistant commissaries of musters who were at the time on duty within the district.

