
Record of letters sent.-A letter book was kept in which all letters sent were recorded and numbered in the order of their dates.

This book was kept in accordance with instructions for officers of the Adjutant-General's Department.

Record of letters received.-A book was kept in which a record of all letters received was made, in accordance with the mode adopted by the Adjutant-General's Office.

This book also contained reference to the indorsement book in all cases where a record of indorsements was made in the indorsement book, and was indexed.

Record of indorsements.-A book of indorsements and memoranda was kept, in which all indorsements on communications referred to this office and those made by this office were recorded.

Record of telegrams.-A book was kept in which all telegrams received were recorded and numbered in the order of their dates.

Record of special orders.-A book in which all special orders issued from this office were recorded was kept, in the usual form of preserving such records.

The orders were recorded in the order of their number and date.

MEDICAL RECORDS.

Record of the examination of volunteers.-A book was kept by the surgeon of the Board, in which a full record of the description of all recruits who had been examined by the Board of Enrollment and the result of such examinations were recorded, together with any additional information that might be useful to the Bureau.

Record of the examination of enrolled men.-A book was kept by the surgeon of the Board, in which was recorded the description of the enrolled men who applied to be stricken from the enrollment lists, with the result of the examinations and the decision of the Board in each case.

Record of the examination of drafted men.-A book was kept by the surgeon of the Board, in which the description and result of the examination of drafted men were recorded in each case, care being taken in all cases where the persons examined had been exempted to give the particular section of paragraph 85, Revised Regulations Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, under which he was exempted.

Record of the examination of substitutes.-A book was kept by the surgeon of the Board, in which the record of the description and result of the examination of all substitutes was made, and if accepted the name of the principals for whom they became substitutes.

Tabular statement of the examination of volunteers, enrolled men, drafted men, and substitutes.

Classes.	 Number 	 Number	 Number

 examined.	 rejected.	 accepted.

Volunteers.	 831	 62	 769

Enrolled men.	 2,943	 1,829	 1,114

Drafted men.	 2,654	 1,042	 1,612

Substitutes.	 704	 143	 561

-------------

-------------

-------------

Total.	 7,132	 3,076	 4,056

For further information on this subject attention in invited to the medical reports of the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment.

