
Vouchers for the reward of $30 for the apprehension and delivery of deserters were given only in case the party arrested was found upon examination to be a deserter.

The vouchers were given to the persons who delivered the deserters to the provost-marshal.

Vouchers were not given to commissioned officers, deputy provost- marshals, special agents, nor salaried officers for the arrest of deserters.

Vouchers for the reward of $30 for the arrest of deserters were paid by the nearest disbursing quartermaster of the United States.

I would respectfully state, in connection with this subject, that the delay which usually attended the payment of vouchers for arresting, securing, and delivering deserters made it very difficult to secure the services of suitable persons for that duty. Those who were engaged in arresting deserters were compelled to dispose of the vouchers at a heavy discount to brokers, in order to obtain means to defray the current expenses incurred in making the arrests and transporting the deserters to the nearest provost-marshal, which was, in many instances, very great.

I would therefore respectfully suggest that the interest of the service, in my judgment, requires that provision should be made for the prompt payment of this class of vouchers, as the duty of arresting deserters is attended with great privation and risk and the reward of $30 greatly reduced by the expenses incurred.

It seems to me that this difficulty could be obviated by having these vouchers paid by a disbursing officer of the Provost- Marshal-General's Bureau instead of the disbursing quartermaster of the United States.

THE MANNER OF REPORTING CREDITS AND DEFICIENCIES.

Credits from all sources and deficiencies remaining were reported every ten days to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State on the following form, to wit:

Source of credits.

 Deficiency,	 Surplus, by	 Substitutes

 by sub-	 sub-dis-	 for	 Drafted

Sub-	 district in	 trict, in	 enrolled	 men held

district.	 whole Cong-	 whole Cong-	 men prior	 to

 ressional	 ressional	 to draft.	 service.

 district.	 district.

CONTINUATION:

Source of credits.

 	 	 Total defi-	 Surplus,by

Substitu-	 Surplus ari	 Total	 ciency, by	 sub-distri

tes for	 sing from	 credits	 sub-distri-	 ct, in the

drafted	 draft under	 during each	 ct, in the	 whole Cong

men.	 former	 ten days.	 whole Cong-	 ressional

 calls.	 	 ressional	 district.

 	 	 district.

CONTINUATION:

Number of men who have been sent to general rendezvous for whom receipts have been obtained.

Substitutes	 Drafted men	 Substitutes	 Surplus arising by

for enrolled	 held to 	 for drafted	 draft under former

men.	 service.	 men.	 calls.

CONTINUATION:

Number of men who have been accepted into the

Navy for whom receipts have been obtained.

Substitutes	 	 Substitutes	 Total

for enrolled	 Drafted men.	 for drafted	 receipted for.

men.	 	 men.

