
RETURN OF QUOTAS AND CREDITS.

A return of quotas and credits was made monthly on the blank form furnished for that purpose by the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau.

This return embraced an exhibit, by sub-districts, of the quotas and deficiencies on the first day of the month for which it was made, the credits arising from all sources during the month, and the deficiency or surplus, as the case might be, at the end of the month.

THE MANNER OF PROVIDING, STORING, ISSUING, AND ACCOUNTING FOR CLOTHING.

A large quantity of clothing was received from the Quartermaster's Department soon after this office was established and receipted for by the provost-marshal.

This clothing was stored in a secure and dry store-room, from which it was taken in small quantities as it was needed for uniforming men.

A small quantity of each variety of clothing was kept on hand at the office of provost-marshal, where it was issued to volunteers, drafted men, and substitutes entering the service.

All persons to whom clothing was issued were required to sign receipt rolls (Form 52, Quartermaster-General's Department) in duplicate.

Returns of clothing were made to the Quartermaster-General's Department at the end of each month, on Form 51, Quartermaster- General's Department, accompanied by the receipt roll of clothing (Form 52, Quartermaster-General's Department) issued to men entering that month, as a voucher.

MONTHLY RETURNS AND REPORTS RENDERED TO THE PROVOST-MARSHAL- GENERAL.

The reports and returns required by paragraph 108, Revised Regulations of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, were rendered by this office to the Provost-Marshal-General at the time and in the manner therein prescribed.

MONTHLY REPORT OF SUBSTITUTES AND RECRUITS WHO DESERTED FROM HEADQUARTERS.

Monthly reports of all substitutes and recruits who deserted from headquarters and en route to general rendezvous were made by this office, in compliance with Circular Numbers 30, Provost-Marshal- General's Office, series of 1864.

TRANSPORTATION.

Transportation was furnished by railroad companies and stagecoach lines on blank requisitions furnished by the Provost-Marshal- General's Office, properly filled up by this office.

After the requisitions were taken up by the company furnishing the transportation they were returned to this office, where they were examined, and it found to be correct the proper vouchers were made out on the proper blanks in favor of the company furnishing the transportation and given to the claimant for collection.

