
Transportation was furnished to drafted men on requisitions attached to the bottom of the notice of draft, signed by the provost-marshal.

Vouchers were made out for the transportation furnished on these requisitions in the same manner as those furnished by the Provost-Marshal-General, as above stated.

REPORTS OF DEBITS AND CREDITS.

Tri-monthly and monthly reports of debits and credits were rendered to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State, giving the "credits for voluntary enlistments," credits for enlistments in the Navy and Marine Corps," "credits by draft," "miscellaneous credits," &amp;c., on blank forms furnished for that purpose.

ASSISTANT SURGEONS.

The duties of the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment having become too onerous, it was deemed necessary by the Provost- Marshal-General to assign to duty with him an assistant surgeon.

The following-named persons have been on duty in that capacity in this office:

Actg. Asst. Surg. H. M. Drach was assigned to duty June 14, 1864.

Actg. Asst. Surg. Robert H. Goldsmith relieved Actg. Asst. Surg. H. M. Drach June 23, 1864.

Actg. Asst. Surg. H. M. Drach relieved Actg. Asst. Surg. Robert H. Goldsmith August 2, 1864, and was relieved

-------

, 1865, and ordered to report to the medical director Eighth Army Corps, Baltimore, Md.

James Williard, M. D., was appointed assistant surgeon of the Board of Enrollment March 20, 1865, under the thirteenth section of the act of Congress approved February 24, 1864, but never entered upon duty.

A record of substitutes furnished by enrolled men prior to draft was kept in a book prepared for that purpose in the following form, viz:

Name of principal.	 Name of substitute.	 Army or Navy.

CONTINUATION:

Mustered or enlisted.

When.	 Where.	 By whom.	 Where 	 Remarks.

 	 	 credited.

DEPUTY PROVOST-MARSHALS.

The following-named persons were appointed deputy provost- marshals in the Fourth District of Maryland from time to time, to wit.*

See paragraph 11, Regulations Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, and paragraph 138, Revised Regulations Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau.

SYSTEM OF SUBSTITUTION.

The system of substitution authorized by the enrollment act of March 3, 1863, and the acts amendatory thereof operated, in my judgment, greatly to the detriment of the service. In intelligence, moral

*Omitted.

