
Paragraph 85 of the Revised Regulations of the Provost-Marshal- General's Bureau, section 3.-Of the numerous claims for exemption under section 3, paragraph 85, Revised Regulations, only two and three-tenths per 1,000 of all examined have been exempted for epilepsy. "The statement of the drafted man being insufficient," the affidavit" of a physician in good standing who had attended him in the disease within the six months immediately preceding his examinations: can but seldom be procured. Epileptics do not usually employ a physician in the disease; most certainly so in the country among the poorer class, who soon become accustomed to know they will recover from the attack before medical aid could be obtained. And in many instances, no doubt, injustice is done parties afflicted with this unhappy malady. And I would suggest, as "fits," or epilepsy, could be determined as a matter of fact by duly attested affidavits of two or more respectable witnesses, requiring a description of manner, duration, and character of the same, leaving the medical inspector to determine the nature of the manifestations might work greater justice toward this unfortunate class, without opening wider than now the door for fraudulent practices.

EXAMINATION--"MINUTE DETAIL."

The examination of men for the service is conducted in the following manner and in the order herein stated:

A record is made with pencil in a small book (4 1/2 by 7 1/2), writing day and date, name of the person to be examined in full; age, nativity, occupation, social relation, complexion, eyes and hair, where credited or where drafted, and if a substitute, the name of the person for whom he is a substitute, the sub-district where drafted or enrolled, with full descriptive list.

The following diagrams will more intelligibly explain the form and manner of making these most useful entries (marked Numbers 2 and Numbers 2.)*

Four books of this kind are kept in the examination room, marked upon the back of each the character of the entries, thus: "Recruits examined from February 16, 1865, to

-------

, 1865."

Books for substitutes, drafted and enrolled men are, in like manner, also marked, and when filled with names, the month and day thereof is written, completing the indorsement upon the back and showing the period of examinations contained in each.

One applicant only is recorded on a single page, and when a sufficient number of entries have been made spectators are required to leave the room; the doors are closed and locked, preventing all egress and ingress, and the men divest themselves of all clothing excepting pants and drawers. The first name recorded in any one of the book is called, and the man is placed with his back to a stationary measure, and the height taken in feet and inches, which is recorded at the right, filing the descriptive list; he is then measured by means of a graduated tape around the chest, at the lower border of the pectoralis major muscle, and the number of inches obtained at the termination of ordinary expiration; he is then requested to take a full, prolonged inspiration, and the measurement is again recorded. These measurements are always placed at the terminus of the name. Having measured in like manner all to be examined, the men divest themselves of the remaining clothing, and the surgeon proceeds in the

*Omitted.

