
same order of names, by a rehearsal of questions, enciting answers to the statements contained in the record, with such other interrogatories as may tend to establish a correct opinion of the age, nativity, alienage, intelligence, health, and liability to periodical diseases; and qualifications, legal, mental, and physical, required of recruits, substitutes, and drafted men.

Any marks, scars, or change of conformation is next observed and noted. This being satisfactory, the head, eyes, ears, nose, teeth, and throat are inspected. The cranium is examined by tact; the eyes, eyelids, ears, nose, teeth, palate, and fauces by ocular inspection. The sight is tested by reading, or small objectances, with the right and then the left eye.

The hearing is tested by conversation. If a recruit or substitute, in a low tone of voice; if a drafted man claiming deafness, in a loud tone, coming down the scale rapidly, at the same time interesting him with answers relating to himself, and which will most always detect attempted imposition.

Any disease or peculiarity of the head, eyes, ears, teeth, or palate is now noted in the book, immediately under the description of the applicant or previous remarks.

The chest and organs contained are next in order of examination. The symmetry, development, and subclavian regions are carefully inspected; the frequency of respiration and the heart's action are observed, and any deviation from a normal standard is noted. The man is now required to walk briskly several times around the room, throwing the heels against the gluteal muscles each step, then to cross the room, first on the foot and then upon the other; to throw the arms erect over the head and to place the back of the hands together in this positions; to flex and extend the forearms, hands, thumbs, and fingers; to pronate and supinate the hands, and to extend and flex the toes. He is now again examined with reference to the organs of the chest, andange in respiration and circulation from this exercise is noted, also all other causes tending to disability observed.

The abdomen is next in order. The gastric and hypochondriac regions are examined by tact; the finger is introduced into the inguinal space, and the party required to pass the arms over the head, to cough, and stooping, lift at dead weight, &amp;c. Where hernia is claimed but not apparent, or where the state of the abdominal rings creates the least suspicion of this disability, if a recruit or substitute, he is required to lean forward upon his hands, placing his feet widely apart, that hemorrhoids, fissures, or fistula may, if in existence, be discovered. The drafted man can tell his own ills. The result of this is now recorded.

The spine and extremities are examined, and any deformity, scar, or mark is noted; and any disability found minutely described. After this, any remark calculated to identify the party by association is in order. The result of the examination is determined at any stage when a disqualifying cause is found to exist, by writing after a description of disability the words "rejected," if a recruit or substitute; and "exempt," if a drafted or enrolled man, completing the examination as represented in Diagram Numbers 2.

The certificate of examination on triplicate enlistment papers of the recruits accepted is now signed by the surgeon, and the enlistment papers of those not accepted are marked upon the face "rejected."

The records of examination are passed to the clerk of the examina-

