
All this portion of the service is necessarily transacted in the examination room, and constitutes a part of the details of the examination. Much time and great care is required to make those primary steps in the record and lists correctly, as they are to be used in making the muster and descriptive rolls, and constitute the basis of the records of the office.

Number examined.-With the limited facilities afforded the surgeon for making those examinations, fifty men is the average number that can be physically examined per day with accuracy. With three rooms instead of one, 120 could be examined in ten hours, if all were present at the proper time.

More time is consumed in the examination of drafted men than either recruits or substitutes; it is so necessarily. To treat them kindly, the surgeon must show every attention, hearing every manner of claim; must look at affidavits and medical certificates, and hear parol testimony, &amp;c., although he remains, if possible, more the same opinion still. The recruit or substitute may be rejected upon hearing an answer to a single question, while a drafted man in justice can make no statement nor answer to any question having the least weight or influence in his case.

At the end of each day the entries made in the memorandum books of recruits, substitutes, and drafted men are transcribed into a book rules for the purpose in the manner designated by Form A.* From this book or blotter the monthly reports are made and forwarded. The contents are also transcribed into the Medical Record in full. The drafted men are again transcribed into the Medical Record for Drafted Men. The names of enrolled men examined are passed through a separate set of books in like manner, and are transcribed into the Medical Record for Enrolled Men. The footings for each day of each class, in the Medical Record for Recruits, Substitutes, and Drafted Men, is made in red ink below the terminus of the last name for that day in the space "Remarks," and footings of each page in like manner is made at the margin, the one acting as check upon the other; and at the end of each month the sum of the two footings are arranged in separate tables, and, if free from error, will show like results. These tables are recorded at the page ending the month for the purpose of aiding in obtaining information in future reference.

It being practically inconvenient to keep a medical-record book for recruits and substitutes and one separately for drafted men, I have carried forward in separate columns recruits, substitutes, and drafted men, showing a complete record in one place [of] the business of each day.

As enrolled men are not examined during recruiting and drafting, they appear upon books for that purpose only.

The measurement of the chest will differ materially if made at different points, and in the absence of any positively established rule the measurements have been made around, at, or immediately above the origin of the pectoralis major muscle. Expiration at ordinary and not forced contraction of the chest, and inspiration at full inflation. Many subjects with good lungs will not make that free inspiration their ability would permit, and are indifferent to the request; while boys of eighteen and too youthful to be accepted, having imagined or ben informed that success depended upon the size of the chest, will inflate themselves with an elasticity almost equal to AEsop's toad.

*Omitted.

