
directly or indirectly, any compensation for the act or service rendered in the case. And the drafted man should also be required to file a similar affirmation that he has not paid, directly or indirectly, any person or persons money or other valuable consideration; that he has not made any gift or present to any person in consideration of services rendered, or that may be rendered, in his behalf as a drafted man, and that he never will, upon any contingency, or otherwise, so pay, donate, or give anything in consideration thereof.

It is not easy to prove an attorney knows a claim to be false, while perjury might readily be established in the continuation of these fraudulent practices.

The frauds most to be guarded against in recruits and substitutes are of a legal character, as age, alienage, &amp;c. Substitutes, to relieve persons furnishing them for a definite period of time, must be procured from that class of persons not liable to enrollment and draft. And to admit alienage of parties upon their own affirmation, or the same supported by substitute brokers, or others pecuniarily interested, "to the best of their knowledge and belief," has not been satisfactory, and the Board has required official certificates, if recently from another Government, and if residents of the United States, the additional affidavits of two or more freeholders of respectability, embracing the following points: Length of time known the party; his residence and occupation; that he never at any time assumed the rights of a citizen, by voting or other act, and this to be certified by the clerk of the court of the country claiming residence in. This most effectually prevented bounty-jumping, by deterring agents engaged in the business from presenting for examination those unable to sustain a satisfactory record.

Minors are of two classes--those eighteen years of age, who appear sufficiently developed for twenty-one, and those eighteen who are young enough to be classed at fifteen. The former are mostly applicants as substitutes for two years; and many times, to their great surprise, when residents of the district, find their names upon the enrollment lists in time to prevent the crime of perjury.

PHYSICAL APTITUDE.

Physical aptitude for military service must be derived from actual observation. And the information contained in this brief space is in some particulars at variance with the statements of Prof. Robert Barthelow, who claims a decided preference for the white, and prefers the pure negro to any admixture, and offers the reason, that "in the United States the pure African is rarely found," and "few negroes having admixture with white blood are free from scrofula, independently of locality." This statement is not sustained by the examinations made at this office of 296 colored men of all shades, from the black wool to the blue eyes, fair skin, and light hair, embracing natives of twelve States and Canada.

Not more than two of this number were rejected for causes involving a reasonable supposition of a scrofulous diathesis.

Physical examinations also demonstrate the admixture with the white, "while it elevates his intellectual powers and gives symmetry to his form," does not lower his health and efficiency.

Table Numbers 7, which has been carefully and accurately prepared, shows the causes of rejection, and the ratio rejected per 1,000 of all colored recruits and substitutes physically examined, from July 4,

