
were used 4,216,203 feet of lumber; 1,312 kegs of nails; 1,442 locks, with the hinges, scores, &amp;c., to make the work complete. In addition to the above work the carpenter force under Mr. Nagle has assisted in all emergencies in rebuilding bridges, getting out bridge and block-house timbers, &c., building 4,500 feet of bridges on the various lines, and hewing and preparing in the woods 1,000,519 feet of square timber suitable for bridges and buildings. The construction of these buildings for officers and mess-houses and accommodations for the men employed upon the railroad work was rendered indispensable by the impossibility of procuring any accommodations at all for the large number of men thus brought together in Nashville in the Government service. In the last, annual report it was stated that until February, 1864, no provisions had been made for the repairs of cars. This department had to be created. Under the thorough and efficient suprivison of George Herrick the necessary buildings were begun and completed which has rendered this one of the most perfect establishments in the country. The buildings so completed during the fiscal year are one car shop, 202 by 77 and 23 high, with skylights above the square throughout its whole length; one machine and blacksmith shop, 126 by 47 and 23 high,with skylights and blinds through its whole length. There is a wing to this shop 55 by 35 and 17 high with ventilator and boiler room attached, 35 by 18; one paint shop, 112 by 47 and 23 high, with skylights similar to those before mentioned; one brick dry-house, 40 by 15 and 17 high, which has been partially rebuilt a second time; one coal house, 20 by 35 and 8 high; one iron store-house, 14 by 20 and 16 high; one house for oil, waste, and tools, 18 by 40 and 8 high; one building, 20 by 50,for storage of coke and sand; eight mess-houses, fitted with bunks and all complete for the men, have also been erected. This, as before stated, was indispensable, as no accommodations could possibly be secured for the men. The necessary masonry, grading, and ballasting the grounds, yards, and track, through the repair-shop grounds, has been a large but necessary part of the work of preparing these shops for efficient service.

At Decatur Junction houses and shops were erected suitable to work 100 men. During Hood's raid upon the city in December, 1864, these were all nearly destroyed by our own forces,and had to be replaced by this department. At Johnsonville provision was made for shops, mess-houses, &c., to work twenty-five to forty men. At Taylor depot, on Broad street, accommodations were provided to work twenty-five to fifty men. The shops at Chattanooga have been made efficient, an engine house erected,and other necessary improvements made. The same has been done at Knoxville and Stevenson. In the machine shop at Nashville 916 men have been employed on the average monthly during the fiscal year. During that year 5,571 orders have been filled for light repairs on engines, involving many hours" work of skillful mechanics. Fifty- four engines were received in the shop for general repairs; three engines were completed that were being rebuilt. Ten thousand six hundred and ten days of common labor were performed in the shops and yards; 4,035 days of machinist's labor were performed upon shops, tools, &c.; 1,914 on track and bridge repairs; 369 on setting up new engines, while 620 days of common labor was employed during the same time upon setting up new engines. In December 979 men worked twelve days upon the fortifications, while the city was threatened by General Hood. During the fiscal year the shops in Nashville have been entirely built. Two powerful engines, with all the shafting

