
necessary to drive the tools used, have been set up. Room to house twenty-seven engines for repairs, erecting shop large enough to rebuild twenty engines, room to house forty-five engines, with pattern shops, blacksmith shops, carpenter shops, and offices in proportion - all these have been made new and complete in every respect. The grading of the yard and assistance in erecting these structures has been done by the common laborers in the numbers above enumerated.

CAR REPAIRS.

The work accomplished in the car repair department has been large and through. Mr. Herrick perfected a wrecking car which enabled him to clear and pick up a wrecked train very speedily. This train has picked up 530 wrecked freight-cars and 16 wrecked engines since January 1, 1865, and brought them to Nashville for repairs. During the remainder of the fiscal year nearly as many more were also saved. During the same period this train has picked up and brought in from trains destroyed by fire, 294 car- loads of wheels, axles, bridge irons and railroad iron along the lines of road centering in Nashville. Most of these wrecks were caused by guerrillas placing obstructions upon the track or displacing rails. The car department has worked an average force of nearly 800 men per month during the year. This force, in addition to the buildings erected and completed during the fiscal year before described,have repaired and rebuilt during the last six month of the year at Nashville, Chattanooga, Huntsville, Stevenson, Johnsonville,and Clarksville, 13,429 cars, and during the first six months more than half as many more, making a total of 20,000 cars repaired, rebuilt,and fitted for hospital and troops cars during the year. The amount of material cast in the iron and brass foundry during the last six months of the year was 1,053,945 pounds iron castings, 46,139 brass castling, making an average per month of 175,000 pounds of iron and 7,500 pounds of brass castings. This is too large an average for the whole fiscal year, though it is believed that 225,000 pounds of iron and 10,000 pounds of brass castings per month will not be too large. It is impossible to condense and specify the amount of work done upon the long lines of roads centering in Nashville so as to show what has actually been done. The emergencies of military service have often allowed no time for proper orders of transportation of troops, stores, refugees, prisoners, &amp;c., to be issued, so that many hundred trains haven been run and many thousands of troops and refugees carried for which we have no credit. The work has been done in the midst of war, running through a country filled with enemies, so that the ordinary risks of railroad management have been enormously increased and the expenses largely extended. But in the midst of all this danger the coolness, bravery, and daring of the men in every department,from the highest official to the humblest laborers, have been worthy of praise. At the close of this fiscal year it gives me great pleasure le length of the lines of military railroads controlled and operated by me there is every facility to perform well and efficiently every duty that may be required. The roads are in first-rate order, the bridges for the most part are permanent structures of the best description, and the water stations in perfect order. The amount of rolling-stock is sufficient for all work required, and in good order. The machine-shops and repair-shops are as complete as could be desired.

