
DOCUMENT NO.35.

Laws relative to the raising of troops.

(Section 24 of act approved March 3, 1803.)

SEC.24. That the President of the United States be authorized and empowered, on an invasion, or insurrection, or probable prospect thereof, to call forth such a number of militia, and from such county, and in such a manner, whether by routine of duty or otherwise, as he may deem proper; and for the accommodation, equipment, and support of the militia so at any time to be called forth, the President of the United States may appoint such quartermasters, commissaries, and other staff as to him shall seem proper, and to fix their pay and allowances, and shall also take such measures for procuring, transporting, and issuing all orders which may be necessary. Orders for the militia to be called forth as aforesaid shall be sent to the commanding officer of the District of Columbia, with a notification of the place or places of rendezvous, who shall immediately take measures for detaching the same, with the necessary number and ranks of officers, by detail and rotation of duty or otherwise, as he may be ordered. Whenever any militia shall be called forth into actual service as aforesaid, they shall be governed by the Articles of War which govern aforesaid, they shall be governed by the Articles of War which govern the troops of the United States. And courts-martial shall be held as therein are directed, to be composed of militia officers only, for the trial of any person in the militia; but to the cashiering of any officer, or capital punishment of any person, the approbation of the President of the United States shall be necessary. And when any militia shall be in actual service, they shall be allowed the same pay and rations as are allowed to the militia of the United States. If a sudden invasion shall be made into either county in this District, or in case of an insurrection in either county, the commanding officer of the militia of the District, or of such county, is hereby authorized and required to order out the whole or such county, is hereby authorized and required to order put the whole or such part of the militia as he may think necessary, and in such manner as he may think best, for repelling or suppressing such invasion or insurrection; and shall call on the commanding officers of the adjacent counties for such aid as he may think necessary, who shall forthwith and in like manner furnish the same; and in the event of any militia ordered out by a commanding officer of the country, or of the District, as herein authorized, such officer shall immediately notify the same, and the cause thereof, to the commanding officer of the District, or to the President of the United States, as the case may require.

DOCUMENT NO.38.

Casualties.

Casualties among the employes of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau, while in the performance of their legal duties, apprehending deserters, enrolling and drafting the national forces, &amp;c.

Killed................................................. 38

Wounded................................................ 60

----

Total.................................................. 98

Injured in property in addition to the above........... 12

The above includes only the employes proper of the Bureau, and does not embrace the losses among troops and special forces employed in suppressing riots, and whose reports of casualties have been made through the ordinary military channels.

