
I cannot close this imperfect and desultory report without expressing my obligations to the following gentlemen for the zeal, fidelity, and intelligence with which they have co-operated with me on all occasions in their departments of duty: J. B. Van Dyne, assistant superintendent; George H. Hudson, superintendent; A. W. Dickerson, W. R. Gifford, A. J. Cheeney, W. W. Tuttle and A. Watts, in the freight department; Colonel John C. Meginnis, general engineer district; Stephen Hobbs, engine dispatcher; J. W. Wallace, engine dispatcher; John Trenbath, auditor; George Herrick, superintendent car repairs; R. H. Nagle, master carpenter; H. Elliott, master machinist; Messrs. Hebard, Nash, Lyman, Caryl, Craig, Gardiner, Jones, Kingsley, and Jenkins, in the road repair and bridge repairs. With F. J. Crilly, the efficient and gentlemanly chief quartermaster of military railroads, my ralations have been most pleasant, while the co- operation of Major-General Thomas, General Donaldson,and Captain S. B. Brown has been always harmonious with the railroad authorities.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. J. STEVENS,

Superintendent,&amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

122. Washington, July 8, 1865.

REGIMENTAL OFFICERS OF VOLUNTEERS ON DETACHED SERVICE TO JOIN THEIR PROPER COMMANDS.

I. With the exceptions hereinafter enumerated, the following is ordered:

1. All commissioned officers of volunteers, for both white and colored regiments or independent companies, now absent on detached service from their commands and not on duty within their proper armies or departments, will proceed forthwith to join their respective regiments and companies.

2. Hereafter no commissioned regimental officer of volunteers will be placed on duty or transferred thereon out of the army or department in which his regiment may be serving.

The exceptions authorized under the foregoing are as follows:

1. Officers on duty mustering out and discharging the volunteer forces.

2. Aide-de-camp to general officer on duty commanding troops.

3. Officers on courts-martial or military commissions and those on duty in the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,and Abandoned Lands under direct orders from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office.

II. All enlisted men absent on detached service from their regiments or companies and outside the armies or departments in which the same may be serving will at once be sent to join their respective commands, unless they are absent therefrom by orders from the headquarters of a military division or superior authority.

III. Commanding generals of departments and armies are charged with the prompt execution of this order, and upon its provisons being fully complied with will report the fact to the Adjutant- General of the Army.

