
Please forward to this office without delay a list of the regiments and independent companies to be discharged under the order, giving therein, for each, the strength, present and absent, respectively. So soon as the list is completed inform me by telegraph of the number, present and absent, for the respective States.

Please acknowledge receipt of this.

By order of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, July 7, 1865.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Provisional Corps:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that all the remaining volunteer troops of your command be mustered out of service. The musters out, discharges, and payments will be made under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, 94, current series, from this office.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this and forward without delay a list of the organizations, giving therein, for each, the strength, present and absent, respectively.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDA.- See General Orders, 116, of June 17, for the discharge of certain enlisted men of the Veteran Reserve Corps.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Eighteenth and Delancy Place:

Send staff officers to each, Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, and direct the muster out of all cavalry the can be dispensed with, and the sale of their horses when dismounted. When it is necessary to retain cavalry for want of other troops, dismount them and have their horses sold, except the actual number of mounted men required. A few hundred mounted men in each State I would think the greatest abundance. Order also the muster out of all cavalry possible to dispense with in the order departments of your command. The horses to be turned over to quartermasters and reported to the Quartermaster-General. Request department commanders to report the number of men and horses disposed of under this order.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

33. Washington, July 18, 1865.

REGULATIONS UNDER WHICH OFFICERS OF MUSTERED-OUT REGIMENTS CAN RECEIVE FINAL PAYMENTS.

(Extracts from telegram and circulars to chief mustering officers of States.)

I. Officers of mustered-out regiment can be paid on the certificate of the mustering officer that they have rendered all required returns and accounts, and on their affidavits that they are not indebted to the Government.

