
October 27, 1864. Between that date and November 10 the rails were taken up between the above-named stations and carried to Alexandria.

On the 9th of May, 1864, repairs were again commenced on the railroad at Aquia Creek, and it was opened to Falmouth, fourteen miles, May 17. Potomac Creek bridge, seven miles from Aquia, 414 feet long and 82 feet high, was built ready for trains to pass in forty working hours. The road was operated until may 22 principally for removing the wounded of the battles at Spotsylvania Court-House. On that day it was abandoned and not afterward used as a military line.

The Richmond and York River Railroad was opened about the 1st of June from White House to Dispatch, fourteen miles, and operated until June 10, when it was finally abandoned, the track taken up by order of Lieutenant-General Grant, and the materials removed to Alexandria.

Rolling-stock for the Aquia Creek and York River Railroads was sent from Alexandria on barges prepared with tracks for the purpose and taken away in the same manner, without loss or injury, when the roads wee abandoned.

Near the close of June, 1864, the City Point and Petersburg Railroad was occupied to Pitkin Station, eight miles from City Point. During the fall and winter of 1864-"65 eighteen miles of new railroad were built, passing around to the south and southwest of the city of Petersburg, by which the armies of General Grant were principally supplied.

The Richmond and Petersburg Railroad was opened April 4, 1865, from Petersburg to the south bank of james River, opposite Richmond, twenty-one miles, and was operated by this department until July 3, when it was turned over to the Virginia Board of Public Works.

The Petersburg and Lynchburg Railroad was repaired between April 4 and 11 to Burkeville, sixty-two miles from City Point, and used for a short time to supply the armies of General Meade and the paroled soldiers of General Lee's army. The gauge originally was five feet, but not having proper rolling-stock at hand it was changed road until July 24, when it was turned over to the Board of Public Works.

Shortly after the surrender of General Johnston's army the Richmond and Danville Railroad was opened to Danville, 140 miles, and operated for military purposes until july 4, 1865, when it also was surrendered to the Board of Public Works.

The Winchester and Potomac Railroad was repaired from Harper's ferry to Halltown, six miles, between August 14 and 19, 1864; to Stephenson's, twenty-eight miles between November 2 and 24, and was used to supply the army of General Sheridan, operating in the valley of Virginia. The iron used in the reconstruction of this line was principally that taken from the Manassas Gap Railroad. The bridges were all rebuilt. The road remained in charge of this department until January 20, 1866, when it was restored to the railroad company.

