
MEMORANDUM.] WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 12, 1865.

It has been decided that the men of the Signal Corps shall be considered, as regards payment of balance of bounty, of the same footing as volunteers.

They will therefore be entitled to receive the balance of bounty in the same way as volunteers under the recent order for discharge on account of their services being no longer required.

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

41. Washington, August 15, 1865.

ORDERS AND INSTRUCTIONS RELATIVE TO THE MUSTER OUT OF CERTAIN VOLUNTEER WHITE TROOPS.

Infantry and heavy artillery in the Middle Department, and Departments of Washington, Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, and Mississippi. Also certain infantry, cavalry,and artillery in various armies and departments.

I. Infantry and heavy artillery in Middle and other departments.

TELEGRAM.] WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 14, 1865.

Major General A. H. TERRY, U. S. Volunteers.

Commanding Department of Virginia, Richmond, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs that the volunteer white troops - infantry and heavy artillery - in your department be reduced immediately by the discharge of 5,000 men. The musters out will be by entire organizations, including all additions thereto by recruits and from other sources. Organizations having the shortest time to serve will be selected for discharge. The musters out, discharges, and payments will be made under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, 94, current series, from this office.

Please forward to this office without delay a list of the regiments and independent companies you may select for discharge under this order,giving therein for each the strength, present and absent, respectively.

So soon as the list is completed inform me by telegraph of the number, present and absent, for the respective States.

Acknowledge receipt of this.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE. - Similar orders, dated August 14, were sent the commanding generals of the following departments for the discharge of the number of men set opposite them, respectively, viz: Middle, 6,000; Washington, 8,000; Kentucky, 5,000; North Carolina, 8,000; Mississippi, 2,000.

II. Regiments of infantry, cavalry, and artillery (whose services are no longer required) ordered mustered out of service under special instructions, of dates set opposite them respectively:

New York. - Fifteenth Heavy Artillery, August 8, 1865; Fifth Infantry, August 9, 1865; Sixty-second Artillery, August 14, 1865; Sixty-sixth Infantry, August 14, 1865.

Pennsylvania. - One hundred and eighty-sixth Infantry, August 8, 1865.

Indiana. - Ninth Cavalry, August 10, 1865; Tenth Cavalry, August 10, 1865.

MEMORANDA.- August 3, 1865.-The order of August 2 (Circular 39, current series, Adjutant-General's Office), relative to discharge

