
The following is a list of the principal officers of military railroads of Virginia during the war:

1862.- J. H. Devereus, superintendent railroads running from Alexandria; E. L. Wentz, engineer of repairs railroads running from Alexandria; J. J. Moore, engineer of repairs railroads running from Alexandria; A. Anderson, engineer of repairs railroads running from Alexandria; W. W. Wright, engineer and superintendent Aquia Creek Railroad; E. L. Wentz, engineer and superintendent Richmond and York River Railroad; E. L. Wentz, engineer and superintendent Norfolk railroads.

1863.- J. H. Devereux, superintendent Alexandria railroads; J. J. Moore, engineer of repairs Alexandria railroads; W. W. Wright, engineer and superintendent Aquia Creek Railroad; E. L. Wentz, engineer and superintendent Norfolk railroads; A. Anderson, chief engineer military railroads of Virginia; J. B. Clough, construction engineer military railroads of Virginia.

1864.- E. L. Wentz, chief engineer and general superintendent military railroads of Virginia to November 1; J. J. Moore, chief engineer and general superintendent military railroads of Virginia after November 1; M. J. McCrickett, superintendent Alexandria railroads to October 10; P. McCallum, superintendent Alexandria railroads after October 10; P. McCallum, superintendent Norfolk railroads to October 10; H. F. Woodward, superintendent Norfolk railroads after October 10; G. M. Huntington, superintendent City Point railroads; C. L. McAlpine, engineer of repairs City point railroads; J. G. Beggs, superintendent Harper's Ferry railroad (Winchester and Potomac).

1865.- J. J. Moore, chief engineer and general superintendent military railroads of Virginia; P. McCallum, superintendent Alexandria railroads to March 10; W. H. McCafferty, superintendent Alexandria railroads after March 10; G. M. Huntigton, superintendent City Point railroads; G. L. McAlpine, engineer City Point railroads to May 1; T. D. Hays, engineer City Point railroads after May 1; H. F. Woodward, superintendent Norfolk railroads to March 1; P. B. Dorrance, superintendent Harper's Ferry railroad to April 20; D. T. Shaw, superintendent Harper's Ferry railroad after April 20; O. H. Dorrance, superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad.

MILITARY RAILROADS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

In obedience to War Department Special Orders, Numbers 562, dated December 19, 1863, paragraph 33, I proceeded to Tennessee and examined the condition of the railroad lines operated to supply the armies then encamped in the vicinity of Chattanooga, and submitted the following reports:*

The following order was received on the 4th of February, 1864.+

Upon assuming the duties thus imposed I found most inadequate means to accomplish the purposes for which the railroads had been opened. The main army was at Chattanooga and in its vicinity, and all its supplies for men and food for its animals were received from Nashville, 151 miles distant, over the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. This road was necessarily the main line of supply during the subsequent campaigns from Chattanooga toward Atlanta, and from

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XXXII, Part II, p. 143.

+ Ibid., p. 329.

---------------

