
moving over the road to see that the employes attended properly to their duties while out with their trains. At principal stations where locomotives were changed or kept in reserve an engine dispatcher was stationed to see that the locomotives were in good order for service; that they were properly repaired and cleaned when at the station; to supervise and control the engineers and firemen, and to assign the requisite crews to engines.

Maintenance of road and structures for each line was in charge of a superintendent of repairs, with the necessary supervisors, road-masters, foremen, &amp;c.

Maintenance of rolling-stock was in charge, respectively, of the master machinist, who managed repairs of locomotives, and the master of car repairs, under whose charge all repairs to cars were made.

The above officers were independent of each other and reported directly to the general superintendent.

The maximum force employed at any one time in the transportation department of the Military Division of the Mississippi was about 12,000 men. The following is the organization in detail:

General superintendent's office - General superintendent, assistant general superintendent, chief clerk. Officer reporting to general superintendent - Superintendent Nashville and Chattanooga, Nashville and Northwestern, and Nashville and Clarksville lines; superintendent Nashville, Decatur, and Stevenson line; superintendent Chattanooga and Atlanta and Chattanooga and Knoxville lines; superintendent Knoxville and Bristol line; engineer and superintendent Memphis and Charleston, Mississippi Central, Mobile and Ohio, and Memphis and Little Rock lines; agent Louisville City line, chief master of transportation, general agent, engineers of maintenance and repairs, general machinist, master carpenter, superintendent of car repairs, general engine dispatcher, general train dispatcher, general freight agent, general fuel agent, general ticket agent, general car agent, general store-keeper, general lumber and timber inspector, surgeon in charge. Officers reporting to each superintendent - master of transportation, train dispatchers, engine dispatchers, superintendents of road repairs, superintendents repairs bridges and buildings, station agent, freight agent, fuel agent, car agent. Officers reporting to general machinist - Master machinist Nashville shops, master machinist Huntsville shops, master machinist Chattanooga shops, master machinist Knoxville shops, master machinist Memphis shops. Officers reporting to superintendent car repairs - master car repairs Nashville shops, master car repairs Chattanooga shops, master car repairs Knoxville shops, foreman car repairs Johnsonville shops, foreman car repairs Clarksville shops, foreman car repairs Huntsville shops, foreman car repairs Stevenson shops, foreman car repairs Atlanta shops, foreman car repairs Memphis shops, foreman car repairs Little Rock Shops. Officers reporting to general agent - Station agents, conductors. Officers reporting to engineers of repairs - Assistant or division engineer, supervisors, road masters, foremen, sub- foremen, tie inspectors.

Allusion has already been made, in reviewing the Virginia railroads, to the circumstances under which the first constructions corps originated. In the present case it was found to require a much broader development that it has previously receiving at the East in order to insure beyond contingency the prompt rebuilding in the shortest possible time of any length of road that might pass into our hands.

