
The Construction Corps of the Military Division of the Mississippi was organized in six divisions, under the general charge of the chief engineer, and at its maximum strength numbered nearly 5,000 men.

To give the corps entire mobility, enable it to move independently, and perform work at the same time at widely different points, each division was made a complete whole in itself and equipped with tolls, camp equipage, and field transportation, in order that the whole or any part of the same might be moved at once in any direction where ordered, and by any mode of conveyance - by rail, with teams and wagons, or on foot.

The following is the organization of one division of the Construction Corps U. S. Military Railroads as it existed in the Military Division of the Mississippi:

The number of divisions was increased or diminished to suit the requirements of military movements.

Each division was under the command of division engineer and was divided into subdivisions or sections. Each subdivision was under the immediate command of a supervisor. The two largest and most important subdivision in a division were the track-layers and bridge-builders. A subdivision wa composed of gangs, each under a foreman. Gangs were subdivided into squads, each under a subforeman.

A division completely organized was composed of the following- named officers and number of men:*

The commissaries had charge of drawing, caring for, and issuing rations.

The quartermaster had charge of tolls, camp equipage, &amp;c.

Each foreman was responsible for the tools and other Government property issued to his gang.

Each supervisor reported the time made by the men in his subdivision through his division engineer to the chief time- keeper, who was stationed at the headquarters of the chief engineer.

The surgeons were appointed by the chief engineer, and were paid out of a private fund voluntarily contributed by the men for hospital purposes.

Sub-foremen were appointed by the foremen, subject to the approval of the division engineer. Foremen were appointed by the division engineer, subject to the approval of the chief engineer.

Division and assistant engineers were anointed by the chief engineer, subject to the approval of the general manager.

After completing the organization of the working forces my attention was next directed to providing and adequate supply of locomotives and cars, with the necessary shops, tools, and materials to keep them in working order. In my report of January 19, 1864, I had estimated the rolling-stock necessary for the business anticipated on the lines that would probably be operated from Nashville at 200 locomotives and 3,000 cars, while only 47 available locomotives and 437 cars were on hand. From the imperative necessity of providing the additional equipment at the earliest possible time, the following order was given by the Honorable Secretary of War to the locomotive manufactures of the country:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 23, 1864.

GENTLEMEN: Colonel Daniel C. McCallum, general manager of Government railroad in the Department of the Cumberland, of the Ohio, and of the Tennessee,

---------------

* Here omitted; but see same statement with Wright's report, p. 969.

---------------

