
4. Length of bridges and tracks built and rebuilt.

The length of bridges built and rebuilt was 97,544 linear feet, or length of sidings laid was 42.32 miles, making a total of 433.44 miles.

The following list embraces the names of the general officers:

1864.- A. Anderson, general superintendent to November 1; E. L. Wentz, general superintendent afetr November 1; W. J. Stevens, superintendent railroads running from Nashville; Colonel L. P. Wright, superintendent railroads from Chattanooga to July 1; W. C. Taylor, superintendent railroads from Chattanooga after July 1; A. F. Goodhue, engineer and superintendent railroads at Memphis, Tenn., and Columbus, Ky., W. W. Wright, chief engineer of Construction Corps; L. H. Eicholtz, division engineer of First Division; E. C. Smeed, division engineer of Second Division; John F. Burgin, division engineer of Fourth Division; W. R. Kingsley, division engineer of Fifth Division; Colonel John Clark, in charge of construction on the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad; William McDonald, assistant engineer; Charles Latimer, assistant engineer; John Trenbath, auditor; Colonel John C. Crane, assistant quartermaster, disbursing officer; Captain George S. Roper, commissary of subsistence.

1865.- W. J. Stevens, general superintendent; R. B. McPherson, assistant general superintendent; J. B. Van Dyne, chief master of transportation; A. W. Dickinson, superintendent Nashville railroads to July 25; George H. Hudson, superintendent Nashville railroad after July 25; W. R. Gifford, superintendent Nashville, Decatur and Stevenson Railroad; A. A. Talmadge, superintendent Chattanooga railroads; A. J. Cheeney, superintendent Knoxville and Bristol Railroad to September 1, superintendent of Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad after September 1; A. Hebard, engineer of repairs Nashville railroads; A. F. Goohue, engineer and superintendent of railroads West Tennessee, Kentucky, and Arkansas; Colonel L. P. wright, superintendent Memphis railroads; W. W. Wright, chief engineer of Construction Corps; L. H. Eicholtz, division engineer and acting chief engineer during the absence of the chief engineer in North Carolina; John F. Burgin, division engineer; W. R. Kingsley, division engineer on the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad; Charles Latimer, division engineer; John Trenbath, auditor; Captain F. J. Crilly, chief quartermaster and disbursing officer; Captain George S. Roger, commissary of subsistence; T. W. Yeardley, superintendent of rolling-mill.

MISSOURI.

In October, 1864, order were received to have the bridges rebuilt on the Pacific railroad of Missouri and its southwestern branch, which had lately been destroyed by the rebels. This work required the construction of 1,680 linear feet of truss bridges and was completed early in April, 1865, at an expense of $170,546.65, including the cost of replacing trestles carried away by floods and other incidental expenses.

NORTH CAROLINA AND ATLANTIC COAST.

Under orders received from Major-General McClellan 4 locomotives and 100 freight cars were sent to Major-General Burnside at new Berne, N. C., in the months of June and July, 1862. On the passage two locomotives were lost with the vessel off Cape Hatteras and two others were afterward sent to replace them. One engine proving unserviceable was subsequently returned to Alexandria, Va., leaving

63 R R - SERIES III, VOL V

