THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4mt
American citizens abroad, which has been
made the special order from day to day, and
has given away to other business. If we are
to consider that bill at all, I think we had bet-
ter resolve to consider it to-day ; certainly it
must be considered soon it at all. It will
undoubtedly be amended to some extent, and
therefore it will be necessary to send it back to
the other House. I would like, if the Senate
•would consent, to lay the unfinished business
over temporarily and let us go on with this
bill. I apprehend that it will not be discussed
at great length, and that we shall soon arrive
at the form in which it will be passed. I ask,
therefore, that the unfinished business lie over
informally, and that we proceed with the spe-
cial order for the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That re-
quires general consent. The Senator from
California asks that the unfinished business lie
over for the purpose of considering the bill
concerning the rights of American citizens in
foreign States. Is there any objection ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, Mr. President. I think
that we, can dispose of the appropriation bill
in less time than we can of the bill the Sena-
tor wishes to call up. I think we had better
conclude the appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
from California to propose that Ihis evening be
set apart for the consideration of the bill men-
tioned by him.
Mr. CONNESS. You cannot have a meet-
ing this evening to consider that bill, because
you cannot get a full Senate here with the
weather in its present condition.
Mr. POMEROY. It is cooler now; than it
has been, and I think we can meet this even-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business is the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I have but to repeat only
more briefly what I have said before, that the
Indian appropriation bill, we all know, will be
passed, and can be passed in a comparatively
short time. I therefore move that it be post-
poned for the present, and that we proceed
with the special order for to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is true, as
the Senator from California says, that the
apt i-ooriation bills will probably pass because
thej' must pass; but whether they will pass in
a proper way will depend upon whether they
are considered at the proper time. The Sen-
ate should understand that all the appropria-
tion bills give rise to differences between^ the
two branches which can alone be settled by
conference. We have been some two or three
weeks in conference on two appropriation
bills, the last of which was passed yesterday by
both Houses. The Indian appropriation bill
involves, apparently, a great deal^ of difference
between the two branches. It will,^ therefore,
necessarily be the subject of conference. I
hope that we shall be able to pass it in a few
hours to-day, and I have no doubt we shall.
There are other appropriation bills which are
to follow it, not immediately, but very soon.
Between the consideration of this bill and
those the honorable Senator from California
will have an opportunity to present his meas-
ure. I think it will be but a decent regard to
what is the absolute and unqualified service
of the country that the Indian appropriation
bill should be considered now, and that the
honorable Senator should consent to allow his
bill to be postponed until that passes away
fro n the Senate and goes to a conference com-
mittee, and then his bill can be considered
before another appropriation bill is brought to
the notice of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senate would agree
to take that course, and take up this bill after
lhe passage of the Indian appropriation bill, I
would consent, but I apprehend that we can
«ot 110 such agreement as that in the Senate.
Now, I wuh to say ill connection with what I
have ubva'dv said that the appropriation bill
will and must pass, and we will stay here until
it shall pass. Rut, sir, the faith of the Repub-
lican party of this nation is pledged to carry-
40TH (low. 2l> !"*&■«.—No. 2;>"7.
ing out the purposes of the bill to which I have
called the attention of the Senate, and so is
the faith of the Democratic party of this na-
tion. Both parties represented in this body
stand pledged to that if they stand pledged to
anything. They have either put that plank in
their platforms for the purpose of deception,
or else they mean to act upon this proposition,
and I hope we shall go on with this measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The idea of
postponing the consideration of an appropria-
tion bill, which is a measure of absolute neces-
sity for the Government, after you have been
considering it and are near its completion, to
take up a measure which is of a political char-
acter, which both the great political parties of
the country, the honorable Senator informs us,
have indorsed to some extent, so that it be-
comes a political question, and, of course, one
open to discussion, is a thing, I think, without
precedent in the Senate. And I submit to the
honorable Senator that he is not in an attitude
to force such a measure as that, coming, as I
understand it does, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, against a measure which
has been receiving the attention of the Senate
until it is in a state almost of completion. It
is a singular propositioff to put that aside to
take up a subject which is open to discussion,
which, although of importance, will give rise
to extended debate and will postpone the ap-
propriation bill to a period when it cannot be
properly considered. I submit to the Senator
that at this period of the session he ought not
to expect the Senate to do that. 1 hope, there-
fore, he will not urge the measure at this time,
and will allow the regular order to proceed.
In a few hours, I think, the appropriation bill
will pass away from the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. There is only one word
that I desire to say, and that is I hat my friend
forgets that there are some dite necessities
connected with the passage of this bill. To-
day while we sit here the representatives of a
free people, some of the citizen-body that we
represent, lie in foreign prisons. Their con-
federates and associates guilty of the same
crime, if any, of which these persons now
remaining in prison were guilty, have been
discharged because they were native-American
citizens, and the others have been detained
and kept incarcerated because they were nat-
uralized citizens upon theobuoxious andabom-
inable plea that they were yet foreign subjects.
That, is all 1 desire to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on motion of the Senator from Califor-
nia, to postpone the pending and all previous
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
bill concerning the rights of American citizens
in foreign States.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. "HOWARD. At the proper time I shall
be verv willing to take into consideration the
bill referred to by the honorable Senator from
Calfornia, but I really think we ought not to let
that interfere with the regular progress of the
business which is now before us. Let us finish
one thing at a time so far as practicable, and
then we shall know better where we stand.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 2o : as follows :
YEAP—Messrs. Conner, Crasmn, Davis, Doolittle,
Drake. Edmunds Ifarmn, McCreery, Morgan, Mor-
ton, Xye, CKborn. Patter-on of Tennessee, Ramsey,
Kkm*. Stewart, Tipton, Welch, Why to, Williams,
ami Wilson—21. ^ ,, ^ i
XAYd—Messrs. Anthony, Cattell. Chandler. Conk-
Hncr, Corbett, Perry, Fessenden. Fowler, Freling-
liuysen, Henderson, Howard, Ilowe, Morrill 01
Maine. Morrill of Veimont, Patterson of iNew
Hampshire, Pomcrov, ltoss. Sherman, feprague,
Suumor, Trumbull, Viekers. ana willey --<■
ABSENT—Messrs. Bnyard, fcucknlcw, Cameron,
Cole, Dixon, Crimes, Hcudricks McDonald. iSlor
ton, Snulsbury, Tliayer, Vanftinkle, Wade, and
Yates—14.
Mr. CONNESS. I give notice now that I
shall make a similar motion as soon as the
Indian appropriation bill shall have been acted
upon.
CONFERENCE REPORTS ON PENSION BILLS.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask leave to submit
nine reports from a committee of conference-.
They are on pension bills, and I ask that the
vote may be taken as it was the other day on a
similar occasion, collectively upon them, with-
out. reading. They are agreed to fully on both
sides, and relate only to pensions.
Mr. POMEROY. The reading can be dis-
pensed with by nnanimoas consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia asks that the reading
of the reports be dispensed with. Is there any
objection? None being made, the question is
on concurring in the reports.
The reports were concurred in. The titles
of the bills covered by these reports are as
follows:
A bill (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum;
A bill (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schweitzer and the children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 518) granting a pension to the
widow and child of John P. Felty;
A bill (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
A bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of George
T. Brien ;
A bill (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 517) granting a pension to
the widow and children of Henry Brown ; and
A bill (S. No. 521) granting a pension to the
children of William M. Wooten, deceased.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1073) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th June, 1869.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will resume the reading of the amendments
proposed by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to strike out in line one
hundred and forty, in the appropriation forthe
Chasta, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians, after
the word "four," "§700," and to insert
" $1,000;" so that the clause will read :
For fourteenth of fifteen installments, forthe pay
of a 1 .inner, per filth article treaty 18th November
1854, $1,000.
Mr. HOWE. This is a small amendment;
but it is the representative of a great many
which, in the aggregate, amount to a very
large sum. All through this bill there are
items of appropriation for the payment of em-
ployes among the different Indian tribes, farm-
ers, millers, physicians, teachers, and people
of those classes. The compensation of those
: employes is not fixed by law nor by treaty
;i stipulations; but^-the obligation to employ
j! them is declared by treaty stipulation or by
II law. Where the price to be paid is left to the
'\ discretion of the Legislature, the House of
■I Representatives has fixed a certain rate of
compensation, and, as a general thing, the
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate
has agreed to the terms fixed by the House.
The Committee on Indian Affairs, as a general
thing, propose to raise that rate of compensa-
tion. This is the first proposition of the kind.
The clause which it is here proposed to amend
is one appropriating for a farmer to reside
among some Indians on the Pacific. The next
clause proposes to raise the sum to be ex-
u pended for educational purposes. The salary
of the farmer is in the House bill put at $70();
M the amendment proposes to raise it to
" The question forthe Senate to determine js
\ whether $700 is enough to pay for aiarmer.
I! If the Senator from Missouri, the cbairmaa
