THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
of the difference between eleven and sixteen
dollars per month in the pay of officers' ser-
vants from May 1, 1864, to March 3, 18G5-
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr NYE presented a petition of citizens of
Nevada, praying the establishment of a mail
route from the mail station on the overland
mail route in Ruby valley to Camp Halleck, in
- the Humboldt valley, and the establishment of
a post office in Ruby valley and a post office at
,™P Halleck; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James
Crutchett, reported a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 101) referring the petition and papers in
the claim of James Crutchett to the Court of
Claims ; which was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 328) to establish certain post
roads, reported it with amendments.
jam15s m'intosh.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have had under consider-
ation the memorial of Donald Mcintosh, pray-
ing that his brother be admitted to the insane
asylum in the District of Columbia, and have
instructed me to report a joint resolution. I will
state that the youngman is the brother of an offi-
cer in the Army who was stationed in Washington
some time during the war at pay that enabled
him to keep his brother at the hospital for the
insane in this District; but he has now been
appointed a second lieutenant, and is unable
to pay for keeping his brother in the asylum.
The committee have instructed me to report a
joint resolution, and I ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(S. LI. No. 102) instructing the superintendent
of the Asylum tor the Insane in the District of
Columbia to admit James Mcintosh on the
sabine footing as indigent insane persons of the
District, was read three times and passed.
islands in the great miami KlVlSit.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a little bill of
local interest reported from the Committee on
Public Lands which I think will excite no de-
bate, and which I ask the Senate to take up
and dispose of now. It is House bill No. 223,
in relation to islands in the Great Miami river.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands have reported the bill with an amend-
ment in the nature of asubstitute. I presume,
therefore, it is only necessary to read the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the original bill will be dispensed with
if there be no objection. The amendment will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the enact-
ing clause and to insert the following:
That in the ease of such islands in the great Miami
river, in the State of Ohio, as are undisposed of, or
any vacant public lands adjacent thereto, which are
in the actual and exclusive occupancy of any persons
who have made improvements thereof or of their
heirs or assigns, such occupants thereof shall have
the preference right to enter the same at $2 50 per
acre, on making proof of the facts to the satisfaction
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
paying lor the land within twelve mouths from the
passage of this act, and patents shaii issue for the
tracts so entered as usual in entries of public lands.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know from
my friend from Ohio if there are any claimants
other than those who are now the occupants?
• Mr. SHERMAN. I understand not. I will
state that there is an island in the Big Miami
that has been occupied for a long time by a
number of people, now farmed and improved,
bat the title is really in the United States, and
a difficulty has occurred about taxing, &c.,
and- efforts are now being, made by "outside
parties to enter it as unoccupied public land.
The chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands can explain it more fully than I can,
Mr. POMEROY. When the State of Ohio
was originally surveyed these islands were not
included in the survey; but they were settled
upon. In the process of years, however, they
were surveyed, and yet there was no title ob-
tained. These people who have had undis-
puted possession for a great number of years
claimed the right to enter them. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the Senate sent this
bill as it came from the Hohsb to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, and the
amendment we have reported was drawn in the
Land Office, and is precisely in language and
form as it was sent to us from the Commis-
sioner. He believes that to be the most just and
equitable method of settlement. It provides
that these parties who have had possession for
forty or fifty years shall have title upon paying
$2 50 per acre within twelve months, and that
is regarded as an equitable settlement. There
are no adverse claimants.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
gabillan land grant.
Mr. CQNNESS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be directed to inquire into the propriety and
neces&ity ol taking t>uch steps as sliu.ll bo found neces-
sary to restore to tho body of the public domain the
tract of land in California known as the Gubillan
grant.
I5ILLS INTKODUCKD.
Mr. IIOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
331) to extend the time for completing the
military road authorized by an act entitled
"An act granting lands to the States of Michi-
gan and Wisconsin to aid in the construction
of a military roa'd from Fort Wilkins, Copper
Harbor, Keweenaw county, in the State of
Michigan, to Fort Howard, Green Bay, in the
State of Wisconsin; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. VAN WINKLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 332) granting a pension to John
W. Harris; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 333)
for the relief of Julia M. Molin; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
334) additional to an act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 335) to create an Indian depart-
ment, and to provide for the government and
civilization of the Indians; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, (by request, as he stated,)
and by unanimous consent obtained, leave to
introduce a bill (S. No. 836) to render more
efficient the conduct of Indian affairs; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
GOVERNMENT AGI5NTS.
Mr. PATTERSONj of New Hampshire. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of Senate bill No. 269.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 209) in addi-
tion to an act,entitled "An act to regulate the
♦tenure of certain civil offices.n
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
was recommitted to the joint Committee on
Retrenchment, and has been reported with an
amendment, which will be read.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
desire to perfect the amendment before it is
read. In the third line of the first section after
the word "that" I move to insert "at. and}"
and ia the fourth line of the fifth section I pro-
pose to fill the blank by inserting i i twenty-five,''
and also in the sixth line of the sixth section
to fill the blank with u twenty-five.5'
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. These modi-
fications of the amendment will be made, and
the amendment as modified will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill, and insert the following:
That at and after ten days from the passage of this
act no general or special agent of the President, or
of any of the Departments, bureaus, or branches of
the Government, by whatever name or designation
ho may be known, except such as are authorized by
statutes specifying- the duties and compensation of
the agents so authorized to be employed, shall be
appointed, commissioned, employed, or continued in
office: Provided, That tho Secretary of State shall
have power to appoint, from time to time, special
agents for foreign service, not exceedinfffive in num-
ber, who shall be paid oat of the contingent fund
appropriated to the use of the State Department.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That no revenue
agent or inspector of internal revenue authorized by
tho acts of March 3,1863, June 30,1864, and March 3,
1865, nor any other general or special agent in any
department of the Government, whose duties and
compensation are fixed by law, be appointed, com-
missioned, or continued in office, except as herein-
after provided.
>Sec. 3. Aiul be it further enacted, That the term of
office and cmploymentof all such agents and inspect-
ors mentioned in the preceding section, in office or
employed at the time of the passage of this act, shall
expire ten days after the passage of this act; and here-
after every such_ agent or inspector whose employment
is provided for in this act shall bo appointed by the
1 resident, with thcadvice and consent of the Senate,
but such agency or in&pectoishipinay be discontinued
at the pleasure of the President.
Sec. 4. And be it jurther enacted, That there may be
appointed, m the manner provided in the preceding
section, in the Treasury Department, as occasion may
require, general and special agents, not exceeding
twenty-live m number, who shall receive a compen-
sation not exceeding six dollars per day, together
with a suitable allowance for traveling expenses by
}vay of mileage, or reimbursement of actual expend-
itures m the performance ol the specific duties legit-
imately pertaining to such agencies.
hue. o. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the treasury shall have power to appoint
agents as now provided by law, and for which an
appropriation has been made, not exceeding twenty-
duty s,ha" bo to aid in the
picvcntion and detection of the counterfeiting of
currency notes and bonds of the United States. He
thiyA° etm?1loy temporarily, on the nomination of
the Comptroller of the Cunency, such persons as
uiiiy be needed for the examination ot the banks pro-
vided for m the act of Juno 3 1864
r? fu>;ther enacted. That the Post-
mastoi General is hereby authorized to appoint route
ll mi°!e compensation and allowance is less
than $1,000 per annum, or at that rate, to take charge
of the transportation and distribution of the miFU
on specified routes, and also agents, Sot excetdinl
twenty-live, as now provided by law, and for vhiefi
an appropriation has boon made, whose duty it "hall
be to promote tho efficiency and prevent abuse in the
dutyof t10 Unii!? Sti!'tes- It shall be the
uucy or tne feecretary of the Treasnrv inrl nf ti.«
sinnS?ifrP ?era! -° rep,ort to Congress, at the be-
aJ? ? ^f each session, the number of such agents
specifically appropriated for this purpose. money
Mr. STEWART. After the word "Treas-
ury, in the tenth line of the sixth section. I
move to insert the words "Secretary of State':''
SO fi.S l-Qort   * J
ury.
eral
so as to read :
4!Sre^artvhofd"ttnt°f of the Treas-
:al to rnno/t n U'' an* of tho Postmaster Gen-
session tho number of 11%^ tb? ginning of each
pense IomIUv „ ,f , ase«ts employed, the ex-
' 10<3all«. nature, and amount of their serviecs.
Mr SUMNER. I should like to have the
attention of my friend to the point that is in-
bv tho SupP°se ^ents have been sent
the J?ar- nt on searct service that on
timo 11 18 "0t e?Ped!ent should at that
time bo communicated to the public, would not
bis amendment require the'revelation to hi
the' -in p°n8.r,fs? 1 that, on reflection"
ft™ r ,°f ^gree WIth ms that it is not
expedient to require it. I do not wish to make
