2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
From what sources shall this amount be
raised? To answer this question I desire to
present my views in regard to what interests
should be relieved and on what taxation should
remain. In my judgment, the time has come
when the taxes can safely be removed from
all the industrial business of the country ex-
cept such luxuries as are not essential to the
happiness or well-being of the people, and the
consumption of which, like spirits and tobacco,
might be largely reduced, in case the tax should
have that effect, without any disadvantage to the
country or any hazard to our highest interests.
During the war, when all the productions and
manufactures of the country sold readily at
large prices, these interests could bear the
burdens of taxation ; but now, when prices are
so much lower and the cost of producing is
but little less, the present rate of taxation op-
erates in many instances to prohibition, so that
we not only lose the business, but the revenue
also, thus defeating the object of taxation.
Many manufacturing establishments have been
obliged to suspend, while others have contin-
ued at ruinous losses in the hope that some
change for the better would take place.
SHIP-BUILDING AND COMMERCE.
Representing, as i do, a district largely in-
terested in ship-building and navigation, I shall
be pardoned for referring in this connection to
the effect of our present System of taxation on
this important interest. The State of Maine,
before the war, constructed 011 an average
more than fifty per cent, of all the sea-going
vessels of the country, and, now that they iiave
been obliged to suspend almost entirely this
business, her people feel the depression se-
verely.
In our eagerness to relieve other interests
which have pressed their claims with more
pertinacity we have not only turned a deaf ear
to those who have presented the claims of the
shipping interest, but mucli of our legislation
has been directly antagonistic to it; and now, in
order to give a finishing blow to an interest
which has been at once the pride and strength
of the country, it is seriously proposed to allow
foreign vessels to be brought here and regis-
tered with the same privileges as those built in
our own country. This would effectually crush
out the ship-building business in our own
country and place it in the hands of others,
because we should be obliged to meet, in any
attempt at competition, not only our own
heavy taxation, but the cheap means of living
and low price of labor in other countries. We
cannot atfoid to adopt a policy that will take
the gold we so much need at home to pay for
vessels built by the people who contributed so
largely to the destruction of our ships and our
commerce.
A vessel costing seventy-five dollars per ton at
our yards, ready for sea costs only forty-five dol-
lars in gold, or about sixty-three dollars in our
currency in Nova Scotia or New Brunswick,
thus giving our provincial neighbors the advan-
tage over us of from twelve to fifteen thousand
dollars on a vessel of one thousand tons. This
condition of things has brought our ship-build-
ing to a stand-still, benefiting nobody, but in-
jurious to the whole country, and should not be
allowed to continue. The remedy in part may
be found in a drawback equal to the amount
of duties on imported articles, and the removal
of all taxes on all materials of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, entering into the
construction of vessels. Our neighbors across
the Hue will then have the advantage of their
cheaper labor, but it is believed that our facil-
ities for and thorough knowledge of the busi-
ness will enable our ship-builders to compete
successfully with all rivals.
The depression of the ship-building interest,
with the influences of the war, has affected
very seriously our commerce on the seas. A
nation that builds ships generally sails them,
and it is equally true that a nation that^ builds
none sails none of any consequence. Freights
are perhaps sufficiently high to pay fair profits
011 vessels costing what ours did before the
war, and even what they would cost now if
the taxes were removed, but they will not pay
on the present high prices. This fact, com-
bined with the havoc made in onr navigation
by confederate cruisers and privateers in the
war, has almost annihilated our carrying busi-
ness. While the subjects of Great Britain
were destroying our vessels engaged in the
carrying trade, that Government took care that
for every one so destroyed she had another
sailing under her own flag to take its place.
Our foreign carrying trade is now less than
one third what it was in 1860, and the busi-
ness under foreign flags has increased in pro-
portion. Our domestic commerce or coasting
trade, which was wisely securcd to us in 1817,
is nearly all that remains to us. The business
of building and sailing vessels, which in Maine
alone employed more than twenty thousand
able-bodied men, and on which some one hun-
dred thousand persons depended for support,
has been nearly destroyed. This is 110 more
local question ; it is one of groat national im-
portance, in which all the interests of the. coun-
try are concerned, for it is an indispensable
source of national wealth, as well as honor and
power. The great West wants cheap freights
for their immense products, and this can best
be secured by reducing the cost of the vessels
in which these products are to bo carried. She
also wants the market which a large number
of consumers engaged in this business would
create. Our mineral and manufacturing in-
terests want a market for the iron, copper, coal,
cordage, duck, &c., which a revival of this
business would create. Our forests contain
large quantities of timber waiting to become a
source of large income whenever this interest
shall again be revived. The district I have the
honor to repvesent paid annually, prior to the
war, $300,000to persons in Marjland, Virginia,
North and South Carolina, Georgia, and Flor-
ida for timber used in our ship-yards, and will
do so again whenever this business shall be
relieved from its unnatural burdens.
Another reason for encouraging a large mer-
chant marine should not be overlooked. I
refer to its importance in the creation of a
Navy in time of war. A land force may be
raised from the common pursuits of life, organ-
ized and drilled so as to be made effective
in a few months. Not so with the Navy. We
must have men who have been trained in the
management of vessels. At the beginning of
the recent war our merchant marine furnished
experienced men for the creation of a largd
Navy in a brief period of time, and contrib-
uted in 110 small degree to the salvation of the
country. Where should we have obtained the
seamen if we had not had the merchant ships
in which tUoy had been schooled? In a few
years, when those who have had experience in
the recent war have become unfit for service,
we shall bo entirely at the mercy of any hostile
maritime Power, in case of a sudden war, unless
we resort to the expensive method of support-
ing a large number of men in the naval service
in time of peace. I submit that it, is much
cheaper and wiser to cneourage and foster a large
merchant marine, from which, besides being
a source of wealth to the country, wo can obtain
experienced seamen in an emergency such as
that we have just passed through. The national
convention recently held in Boston declared
that—
"The mercantile marino commerce of tile United
States ever has been so intimately allied to and
blended with the naval power ot our country that it
niav be regarded as the indispensable auxiliary ot the
Navy, as the naval history of our eoimtry wilt abun-
dantly show, liy our energetic and daring privateers,
and by the men in the naval service drawn from our
merchantmen this country contested the assumed
supremacy of England on the ocean, and wrested the
scepter from her in the war of 18113. By a similar in-
timate union and cooperation between the N avy and
oui merchantmen, our coast was blockaded for more
than two thousand aiiles during the rebellion.
"We believe it is not too much to assume that the
splendid achievement of the Kearsarge, the brilliant
victoiics ot Farragut at flew Orleans and Mobile,
of Honors at .Savannah, of Porter at Fort Fisher, and
others equally worthy of mention, could not have
been accomplished without the liardy sons of the
ocean taken from our merchant, ships, and previously
educated in the merchant service. The tens of thou-
sands of seamen drawn from the ]Sf ew England States
to recruit the Navy are in proof of the truth of this
position.
"As an economical measure to the (irovernment,
can it be doubted that themereantilemarine, with the
men and workshops sustained by private capital, are
aeheaperresouree totheNavyto meet an emergency
than mammoth establishments and immense naval
fleets, adequate to the possible andsudden exigencies
of the Government, kept up at great cost to the Treas-
ury ? As the people do not believe in largo standing
armies in timo of peace, neither do they wish to be
taxed to keep up large naval establishments in time
ofpeaee, with little or no commerce to protect. The
high position of the United States as a naval Power,
in comparison with England and France, has been
acquired by the cooperation and aid of maritime
oommereo; it can only bo sustained in the future by
a similar intimate relation and alliance."
The men who build and sail vessels are gen-
erally patriotic, and arc willing to sacrifice
largely for the public good, and would not com-
plain of the burdens I have referred to if they
could see a corresponding advantage to the
Government; but 110 such advantage is de-
rived. The tax of which we complain approx-
imates to prohibition, and defeats the end it
was intended to accomplish, besides being de-
structive to one of the most important interests
of the country. It is true that some vessels
have been built and some lax has been col-
lected from this source. But it is also true
that much of this tax has been derived from
the completion of vessels which the owners
had begun before the taxes were imposed, or
for which they had a portion of the material
on hand, and were compelled to use it to pre-
vent greater loss.
Our Navy has achieved too many glorioua
victories in the past to allow us now to hazard
its efficiency in any other contest that may liu
before us, by refusing to encourage this pre-
paratory school which has heretofore contrib-
uted so largely to our naval succcss. This sub-
ject is one that appeals to the patriotism of
every American citizen.
The tonnage tax of thirty cents per ton,
imposed by the present law, is exceedingly
onerous, and serves still further ,to cripple our
commerce. At the beginning of the present
session the Committee of Ways and Means
was 011 my motion instructed to inquire whether
this tax should not be abolished. The atten-
tion of the committee has also been called to
the subject by others; and I cannot doubt but
in due time we shall have a report from that
committee removing entirely this burdensome
tax. Viewed as a means of revenue alone, I
am confident that by removing the burdens
frcfiu these branches of business the Govern-
uneut would be more than compensated in the
increase of business it would produce in all the
vaiious interests dependent 011 their prosperity.
lu view of the national importance of this
subject I cannot for a moment permit myself to
doubt that this Congress will grant a drawback
011 all imported articles entering into the con-
struction of vessels and remove all other taxes
that embarrass their building and sailing, and
that we shail readily find the means of all
needed revenue in other sources.
But, to return to the question, from what
sources shall our revenue be raised? It is esti-
mated that we shall receive from duties on
imports yl 70,000,000 in gold. The country
require and the people expect, and have a
right to demand, a large revenue from spirits
and tobacco. But here we are met by the hu-
miliating fact that, despite all the efforts we
have made, not one gallon in live pays any
tax. The liquor interest, never promotive of
good morals, has during the last three years
perpetrated frauds to an extent without a
parallel in the history of the country.
Prior to the war, when there was no tax on
the manufacture of spirits and 110 occasion to
conceal the amount produced, we manufac-
tured, as shown by the census returns, about
ninety million gallons of distilled spirits: now
we arc collecting tax on less than lil'teen mil-
lions. We see 110 evidence of any material de-
crease in its use except, perhaps, in the form
of burning fluid. There is no reason to suppose
the manufacture is now very much less than in
1860. There is certainly no reason why we
should not collect a tax on sixty-five million gal-
