1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any point about it, but I see that his amend-
ment, if it prevails, does interfere with the
system. Is it expedient to interfere with it?
Mr. CONKLING. Let me make a sugges-
tion to the Senator. The same thing he sug-
gests struck me, and the difficulty grows mainly
out of the employment in the thirteenth line
of the sixth section of the words "nature of
their services." There can be, I suppose, no
objection to providing that the Secretary of
State shall report the names of the persons
employed and the compensation paid to them.
If the words to which I have referred were
stricken out here, however, they would be
stricken out as applicable to the Treasury and
Post Office Departments, which would not be
proper; and therefore I suggest to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, and also to the Sena-
tor having this bill in charge, that the provis-
ion relating to the State Department had better
be added at the first section, and had better be
merely that the names of persons employed
and the compensation paid to them shall be
reported to Congress. Then there will be no
disclosure of that kind of information to which
the Senator from Massachusetts refers.
Mr. STEWART. After that suggestion I
withdraw the amendment in that place.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend the
amendment reported by the committee by
striking out the proviso at the end of the first
section, which is in these words:
Provided, That the Secretary of State shall have
power to appoint from time to time special agents
tor the foreign service, not exceeding five in number,
who shall be paid out of the contingent fund appro-
priated for the use of the State Department.
My object is to take from the Secretary the
power of sending any agents abroad. The
Senate will remember that we refused to in-
sert in the bill the other day such an authority,
and this proviso has been added by the com-
mittee since it was recommitted. I thought it
was pretty well understood in the Senate that
we were to break up this system of-sending
agents abroad, and I desire to do so by leaving
out this proviso.
Mr. SUMNKR. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I think, did not follow the discussion
with his usual attention, or he would not ha,ve
made the remark that he has. The proviso
that is introduced was the one proposed by my
friend, who has this bill in charge, the Senator
from New Hampshire. The amendment moved
by me was voted down, and the Senator from
Pennsylvania was among those who voted
against it; but when it was voted down the
Senator from New Hampshire announced that
he should move the proviso which now appears
in the bill. The effect of this proviso is to
limit the number of agents employed by the
Secretary of State to five, and the Senator
from New Hampshire, who had given the sub-
ject so much attention, thought that there
would be no harm in such a proviso containing
such a limitation. Looking still further at the
bill, the Senate will see that the Treasury
Department is allowed what are called general
and special agents not exceeding twenty-five in
number. They will also see that the Post-
master General is allowed to have a certain
number of agents. In the bill as originally
reported that number was twenty; but my
friend, the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee, the Senator from Minnesota, moved to
add five to that twenty, making, therefore,
twenty-five for the Post Office Department.
Now, the bill as reported from the Committee
on Retrenchment, after careful consideration,
proposes to allow, not twenty-five, not twenty,
but onlv five to the State Department. I make
ihis explanation that the Senate may under-
itand the true state of the question.
Mr CAMERON. There may be some reason
■'or allowing the Treasury Department and the
Post, Office Department to have secret agents;
but I think we discussed this subject the other
dav very fully in regard to the State Depart-
ment, which is a very different affau. _ The
State Department now has over thirty ministers
abroad, and several hundred consuls scattered
ail over the world. This Government has no
secret business abroad. We have nothing to
do with the affairs of any country on the con-
tinent of Europe or any of the islands. We
have nothing to do with their governmental
affairs, and why should we send special agents
there to spy into their concerns ? We want no
entanglements with them. Indeed, that is one
of the cardinal principles of our Government
and one of the strongest feelings of our people,
that we shall have no entangling connection
with any Government abroad. I can see no
reason for allowing these agencies except that
it gives power to the head-of a Department to
sometimes do a kind act for a favorite who
cannot pass the ordeal of the Senate.
I am opposed, as I said the other day, to this
system of spies. Generally none but bad men
are employed for such places, and I think the
country is overrun with them now. This bill,
by limiting the number which the Secretary ot
the Treasury may appoint will do a great deal
of good, and the amendment made by the com-
mittee which will compel the publication of the
names and compensation of those employed
will, I think, in a year or two enable us to get
rid of the whole of them. After we find the
names of the persons employed and the man-
ner in which they have been employed I think
the whole country, and especially Congress, will
soon see that the entire system is wrong. But
whatever considerations may apply to the
Treasury and Post Office Departments I can
see no reason whatever for allowing a sum ot
money to be placed in the hands of the Secre-
tary of State to be used in this way, and I trust
the proviso will be stricken out as we did strike
out the whole affair the other day.
Mr. SUMNER. One other remark in reply
to my friend from Pennsylvania. He says that
we have in the foreign service ministers and
consuls, and to them he is disposed to intrust
all our interests. I would ask whether in the
Post Office Department we have not all over
the country postmasters ; whether in the Treas-
ury Department we have not all over the coun-
try collectors of revenue in large numbers—in
New York, in Boston, in Philadelphia, in all
the great cities of commerce, in very large num-
bers ; and yet, notwithstanding all that most
expensive apparatus for the administration of
the Post Office and for the collection of the
revenue, it is proposed to give to each of those
Departments twenty-five other agents to be
employed for incidental service. Now, the
argument of my friend against agents abroad,
because we have ministers and consuls, is
equally strong against agents in the Post Office
or in the Treasury Department, because there
is in each of those Departments what he might
call a complete apparatus for the administra-
tion of the Department. I therefore submit
that my friend is mistaken when he proposes
to apply the knife to this very small allowance.
I will not say anything more.
Mr. CAMERON. I think I said distinctly
that I was opposed to the whole system and
would like to break it all up. I believe that
the Post Office Department and the Treasury
Department can be conducted just as well
without secret agents as with them ; but there
is some excuse for them there, and it will take
some time to educate the officers as well as the
country into the idea that they ean be dis-
pensed with. There is some excuse for them
in the fact that occasionally there are not only
frauds committed upon the Treasury, but there
are forgeries upon the currency of the country,
and the system has been to detect those who
are guilty by means of secret agents. So in the
Post Office Department that has been the cus-
tom, because if the postmasters were such men
as they ought to be they would protect the
Department in their particular localities with-
out an agent coming to supervise them. I said
that there was no reason at all, in my judgment,
ft)r sending these people abroad, and therefore
I would begin by striking out that. I believe
there is no necessity for it in the other Depart-
ments; but as 1 said before the amendment
which will compel the Departments to publish
the names, the compensation, and the duties
of those whom they employ will have such re-
sults that after a year or two the whole conn-
try will see that there is no necessity for the
employment, of such persons ; and at all events
it will lead to selecting good, honest, and re-
spectable persons for those places. My great
objection now to the whole of this system is to
the men who are employed who have not the
confidence of the country and who could not
get the sanction of the Senate for their employ-
ment. Here it does not do so much harm as
it does to send a scamp and a vagabond across
the ocean representing this Government, as
sometimes happens—not always I am sure, but
sometimes it does. A man goes abroad carry-
ing with him the broad seal of this country as
a recommendation to society, passing the cus-
tom-house officers everywhere as an agent of
the Government, with no character to base this
deference upon. 1 am opposed, as I said be-
fore, to the whole system, and I would begin
by cutting it off in the State Department.
Mr. CONNESS. Time is very valuable, sir,
and I will try not to occupy much of it. I agree
with what the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania has said. I think in place of increas-
ing our agents abroad, we should limit the
number of them. Jt is strange to me that before
this time the Committee on Retrenchment have
not given 1 heir attention to the reduction of
our foreign agents abroad. There is no more
need of a nrinister resident at all the republics
of Central America, beginning with Mexico
and ending with Chili, than there is that we
should send five to each of them ; not a particle.
One superintending minister having charge of
our foreign relations with all those republics,
leaving the affairs in the hands of the consuls
general in the meantime, would be sufficient.
We are spending hundreds of thousands of
dollars in our foreign relations. In my opinion
that ought to be diminished in place of increas-
ing it. I hope the amendment will prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make still one fur-
ther remark. I think that it is not expedient
for us to go into this proposed change without
an inquiry, at least, by the committee which has
charge of the business of that Department. I
think that through a report of that committee
the Senate ought to be informed of the bear-
ings of this proposed reform that they may
know whether in realityit is a reform or not;
whether there be anything in economy or in
reason to justify the change.
Now, I am going to submit a remark to my
excellent friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron".] I do not believe that, as strong as he is
for economy, as rigid as he is in that direction,
ho would think of the proposition which he now _
maintains so zealously if there was an Adminis-
tration at the other end of the avenue in which
he had confidence. I believe that this move-
ment grows out of the radical distrust of the
existing Administration and the members of
the Cabinet. It is on that account that Sen-
ators propose to strip the State Department
of this traditional, time-honored attribute. I
am sure that my friend, if things were situated
differently, if there were a person in the State
Department who was so fortunate as to enjoy
his political and personal confidence, would
not think of taking from him thisvery small
power. I believe that he would feel that it
was important to the interests of the country
that that discretion should be left with the
State Department, as it had been from the
beginning of the Government. Now, things
being so, I have still further to suggest to my
friend whether it is expedient, merely from a
distrust of the existing Administration, to un-
dertake a change so radical as that whicHne
proposes, and which, if the Administration
were friendly and enjoyed his confidence, lie
would not think of proposing? _ Sir, I am
unwilling to approach this question on any
grounds of personal like or dislike. I look at
it as a question of principle, and I try to bring
it to the test of experience in the administra-
tion of the Government. Bringing it to that
test, it does seem to me that the Senate ought
not to adopt the proposition of my friend.
