1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3075
sire to say a word. This is a private bill for
the benefit of a railroad company. I have been
endeavoring since February last to obtain action
upon a bill of great importance to the banking
interests of the country, but I have utterly
failed up to this time, although it has been
reported to the Senate by the unanimous vote
of the Committee on Finance, and although it
contains provisions of the greatest importance
to the-banking system, to correct some abuses
that are gross and scandalous, and some of its
provisions at least ought to receive, and will
receive the assent of the Senate. I have been
struggling day after day and week after week
to get the consideration of the Senate to this
bill. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Yates]
gave way on the Colorado bill, with the under-
standing that I was to call up this bill to-day.
Now, it is to be pushed aside with all the other
business of the Senate pressing upon us, in
order to give to a branch Pacific railroad another
gratuity. I ask the Senate whether public
measures of great importance ought to be thus
thrust aside? The Senator from California no
doubt will have an opportunity to get up his
bill, but I think I ought to be allowed to pre-
sent this important public bill now. If it can
be assigned as the special order for one o'clock,
I do not want to interfere with any other busi-
ness, but it is manifest that the Committee on
Finance cannot get their measures considered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Make that motion, that
the banking bill be made the special order for
one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that can bo done, if
the bill I have mentioned, Senate bill No. 440,
can be assigned as the special order for to-day
at one o'clock, and taken up then, I have no
objection to the Senator from California pro-
ceeding with his bill. But the idea of compar-
ing a private grant to a railroad company for
a depot with a bill which affects the whole
circulation of the country, a matter of great
public interest, I think is preposterous.
Mr. CONNESS. There can be no objection
to the proposition of the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then 1 move that the bill
to which I have referred be made the spccial
order for to-day at one o'clock; to be consid-
ered as the unfinished business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that order will
not bo made. Last Saturday was set apart
for the consideration ol' bills from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, but was devoted to
other business ; and I desire to ask the Senate
to give me to-day for the consideration of bills
reported from the Committee on Commerce.
If that is objoeted to, then I ask the Senate to
assign me to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall have no objection
to the Senator taking any day after the passage
of this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move, then, that to-
morrow be set apart for the consideration of
bills from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot accumulate
motions to make special orders in this way.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The motion
really pending is the motion of the Senator
from California, which was first in order, to
take up his bill; but if there be no objection
to assigning one o'clock to-day for the con;
sideration of the bill mentioned by the Senator
from Ohio, it can be done. As 110 objection
is made, it will be considered that that order
is made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
western pacific railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
California.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 156) relating
to the Western Pacific railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read through.
Mr. CONNESS. The bill has been hereto-
fore read and amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation as it stands. We do not know anything
about it.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as amended,
as follows:
That the 'Western Pacific Railroad Company of
California bo, and is hereby, permitted to occupy for
the purposes of a depot, store-houses, and other
necessary fixtures, so much of the island known as
Yerba Buena or Goat Island, in the bay of San Fran-
cisco, California, as may, within one year from the
time this act shall take effect, be designated by the
General of the Army of the United States, with the
approval of the Secretary of War, as not being re-
quired in time of peace.for military purposes; which
privilege shall, however, be suspended whenever the
United States shall be engaged in war or in imminent
danger thereof, and notice of such suspension shall
be given to said company, its successors or assigns,
by the Secretary of War. with the approval of the
President. And in oase of such suspension of said
privilege it shall be the right of the United States to
take possession of the part of said island subject to
said privilege, together with all buildings and other
fixtures erected thereon by said company, and to
occupy and use the same for military purposes during
tho war, und so long thereafter as shall be deemed
necessary by tho Secretary of War, with the like
approval; and the United States shall pay to said
company, theirsuccessorsor assigns, such sum as may
be reasonably duo for such use and occupation
thereof. The said Western Pacific Railroad Com-
pany arc also hereby authorized to locate and con-
struct a railroad thence, by the shortest and most
practicable route, to a point ou its presont line at or
south of the city of Stockton, and thoy are hereby
enfranchised with all the grants, privileges, and
benelits, and made subjcct to all the conditions of
the several acts of Congress relating to the said com-
pany and its railroad and telegraph line: Provided,
however. That nothing heroin contained shall be so
construed as to increase tho subsidies in bonds,
beyond that accruing under existing lines of location
and laws heretofore passed providing for tho con-
struction of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the hill on page 2, line thirty, by striking
out after the word "approval" the following
words:
And the United Statos shall pay to said company,
their successors or assigns, such sum as may be
reasonably due for such uso and occupation thereof.
Mr. President, when the United States give
this company so valuable a possession as this,
if it shall thereafter for merely temporary use
require its occupation, it seems to me that it is
a pretty bold proposition to ask that the United
States shall pay this railroad company a price
for its temporary occupancy, when we give up
the whole, a most valuable possession, without
any consideration whatever, in addition to
what we have heretofore given to this road. I
take it that no one will have any objection to
tho amendment I propose.
Mr. CONNESS. The objection to the amend-
ment is this; the terminus or great depot of
the Pacific railroad near the city of San Fran-
cisco, to accommodate not only the trade
involved in the necessities of tho States on the
Pacific coast, but also involved in the receipt
and shipment of merchandise from tho East
Indies, which we all hope to be of the greatest
extent, will need necessarily very costly con-
structions in the way of buildings, &c. The
probability is that the buildings to be erected
and tho work to be done at this depot will cost
several million dollars to utilize and make it
adequate for public business. The question
involved here is whether, if the Government
in time of war should take possession of all
these works and buildings, they should not
allow such a rent or allowance as would be fair
and equitable for their use. It appears to me
that to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont would be to do what the Gov
ernment has never done in any case that I have
any knowledge of. As I stated before when
this bill was under discussion, land owned by
the Government to such an extent as was
needed for so great a public purpose as this,
has not been denied to any company or party ;
and this is a question as to whether the Gov-
ernment shall confiscate, take possession, of the
structures reared at an immense expense by
this company, without allowing any consider-
ation therefor. Having stated it, as I think,
clearly, I am perfectly willing that the Senate
shall vote upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish merely to add that
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad had
this subject under consideration at several
meetings, and after reflecting upon it as care-
fully as they were able they came to the con-
clusion to report the bill back with the amend-
ment which has been read, out of which the
Senator from Vermont proposes to strike the
clause which he has moved to strike out. I
trust that that motion will not prevail. It will
be necessary, as has been remarked by the
Senator from California, that this company,
if they occupy the island for such a purpose,
shall erect buildings which must be considera-
bly costly. What amount it, may be necessary
for them to expend in the way of storehouses,
depots, &c., on the island, of course we cannot
nowascertain; but the amount will necessarily
be very large.
The effect of tho amendment is to authorize
the Government in case of war to take posses-
sion of the whole of the island and the whole
of the buildings which may have been erected
by the company upon the island for purposes
of their own, and to use these buildings or
structures, whatever they may be, for the use
and benefit of the United States during the
war and until such time after the war as the
Secretary of War may find it necessary. I
submit to the Senate that to authorize the Gov-
ernment to take possession of these costly
buildings and hold them for any considerable
time, thus necessarily suspending the business
of the company during that time upon the
island, would be or might be a very serious
damage to the company, and that they ought,
fairly and honestly, to be compensated for such
a use. No sum is fixed in -the bill which is to
be paid for such use and occupation. That is
to be left for future consideration, and to be
settled in such way as Congress at the proper
time may see fit to designate. But this bill
simply promises to the company on the part
of the Government that in case it shall so uso
the buildings which may be erected upon tho
island, it will give them a reasonable compen-
sation for the use and occupation of them. I
submit that that is nothing more than simple
justice,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If that is the
only explanation of this provision it does not
amount to anything at all. We cannot take
property of private citizens under the Consti-
tution of the United States without compensa-
tion. This is no concession at all on the part
of the company to the United States. In case
of war we could go and take possession of it
by paying for its use, whether this provision
was in the bill or not. I submit that it ought
not only to stipulate that there shall be no pay,
but oven that it shall be free. How much
does the Senator from Michigan—1 suppose
he has investigated the subject—suppose the
value of this island to be at the present time?
What would it sell for?
Mr. HOWARD. Itisnotpossibletofurnish
any estimate of the value of: the island. It is
of no value to any person for agricultural pur-
poses, as I have been informed. It is valuable
only as a military station in the harbor of San
Francisco, and as a depot for the termination
of the Union Pacific railroad. It is impos-
sible, therefore, to answer the question which
the Senator puts to me as to the actual value
of the island. I beg to say, however, now
that I am up, if the Senator will allow me,
that the bill itself does not convey to the com-
pany the title to the island. The Government
does not assume to part with the title to the
island to the company, but simply to grant to
the company a license to occupy sucli portion
of the island as may not be deemed by the
General of the Army of the United States
necessary for military purposes, for the erec-
tion of store-houses, &c., subject to be reoccu-
pied by the Government of the United States
in time of war.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have had
handed to me by my colleague the report of
A. A. Humphreys, brigadier general of engi-
neers, wherein he says:
" The value of this island, over and above the cost
of the works necessary to develop it, must be many
millions of dollars."
Now, Mr. President, if we do not propose
