2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2L
that this was no departure from the uniform
practice of the Government from its earliest
history ; and if the exemption was so wicked as
some profess to believe, it is but the continua-
tion of the policy of the founders of the Gov-
ernment acted upon by every Administration to
the present time.
As Congress has been so severely censured
for its exemption of Government securities
that were issued during the war from taxation,
and as I voted for all the bills authorizing their
issue that were passed after I took my seat as
member of Congress, I have deemed it my duty
to say this much in vindication of my action in
this regard.
As to the bonds already issued, I take it for
granted that the number who favor any viola-
tion of the pledge made to the holders of these
securities when the money was paid for them is
so small as to render a discussion of that subject
unnecessary. The tax-payers of the country do
not require the Government to repudiate its
agreement. Our promises must be sacredly
kept.
But now that the peculiar circumstances un-
der which the present bonds were issued have
passed, and when we are about to fund the
debt for a long period of time by the issue of
new bonds, the question of taxation becomes
important, and may very properly claim care-
ful consideration. I do not know that the
power of the Government to provide for the
taxation of Government securities has been
denied. It is believed that the Government
would be safe in allowing taxation to a certain
extent, say one per cent, or oven two per cent,
but a specified per cent, should be named, be-
yond which the authority should cease. Tlie
question, then, thatwill demand our attention in
providing for a new issue of bonds will be : can
the interest and rights of all concerned be bet-
ter subserved by providing for taxation or by
continuing the policy of exemption heretofore
pursued?
It is not unreasonable in the outset to as-
sume that if taxation be allowed we must pay
larger interest than we should if the securities
were not subject to taxation. If a man pro-
poses to lend money his first object is to see
that the payment of bhe principal is secure, and
next, how he shall realize the greatest net in-
come. He inquires not only for the rate of in-
terest, but whether there are to be deductions in
the form of taxes or other dues. In other
words, he will consider bonds at live per cent,
exempt from taxation as desirable as bonds at
six per cent, interest with the right of the Gov-
ernment or the local authorities to tax one
per cent, unless he intends to cheat the officers
of the law out of the tax.
If this view is correct, it follows that the
debt would bo funded as readily at four per
cent, exempt from taxation as at five per cent,
interest subject to a tax of one per cent., and
that, so far as the Government is concerned,
taxation would be but taking from one pocket
in interest what we place in the other in
taxes. When applied to the local authorities,
however, the case is somewhat different. It is
right that in the absence of any absolute pub-
lic necessity to the country that such securities
should be taxed in the places where they are
owned and from which the money that pur-
chased them has been taken, and where it
would have remained subject to taxation in
some form if the securities had not been pur-
chased. It is a right which, by the general
principles of taxation, belongs to the cities or
towns in which personal property is owned, to
receive the benefit of its taxation ; and it is a
right that should not be taken away unless
some important public interest requires it.
When our debt was small this subject was one
of comparatively little consequence, but now,
when property to the amount of billions
is to be invested m these securities, it becomes
a question of very great interest to those who
pay the taxes. I therefore trust that m any
bill for the funding of the debt that may be
passed we shall provide for a limited percent-
age of taxation by the local authorities, or
that the tax shall be collected by the Gov-
ernment when the coupons are paid and dis-
tributed in some equitable manner to the
municipalities in which the securities shall be
held.
SnALL THE FIVE-TWENTY BONDS BE PAID IN GOLD OB
CURRENCY ?
The question as to whether we will pay the
principal of ourfive-twenty bonds in coin or cur-
rency has very unwisely, it appears to mo, been
thrust upon us at a very inopportune time. It
is getting up a controversy on a question that
if let alone would settle itself in a few years.
We have neither the coin nor the currency
with which to pay. And yet we are working
ourselves into a high state of excitement about
how we shall do what we have no prospect of
doing while the cause of division exists. If
our legislation shall be wise wo will resume
specie payment as soon as wc shall be able to
pay enough of the debt to make this subject of
any great importance, and thus settle a ques-
tion that never had any occasion for existence.
It seems to me that it is much better to unite
all our efforts to find the shortest and most
practicable way to a sound specie basis, and
then it will make no difference whether we pay
coin or currency.
Since, however, this questionhasbeen forced
upon us, and has entered so largely into the
discussions on this floor and in the country, it
must be met and settled. I propose to speak
in what 1 have to say on this subject, not in
the interests of the bondholders—for they will
do well enough whether they get gold or cur-
rency—but in what 1 deem the highest interest
of the'eountry—the maintenance inviolable of
its credit.
Even admitting all that is claimed by the
advocates of the currency theory, as to our
legal right to pay these bonds in currency, I
do not believe that, for the little we should
gain on the small amount we might possibly
pay while the currency is depreciated, we can
atl'ord to suffer the shock to our national credit
which such a declaration would produce. Wo
are to be borrowers of money for many years
to come, and wo cannot afford to do an act that
will give to our financial policy the least sus-
picion of repudiation. We must maintain our
credit at all hazards. We are soon to make
an effort to fund the public debt at a lower
rate of interest. It is a subject of vast conse-
quence to the tax-payers of the country, much
more than the difference between the price of
gold and currency on the few millions that may
be paid while our finances are being brought
to a gold basis. Our ability to fund the debt
at a low rate of interest will depend not only
ou our ability to pay, but on what capitalists
believe to be our disposition to meet, without
evasion, every obligation ; and this disposition
will be judged by our action in regard to the
bonds already issued.
There seems to have been an attempt to create
an impression that by paying the debt in green-
backs the Government would save about forty
per cent, on the entire debt. This would not
be true, even if we had—which we have not—the
greenbacks to pay ; the greenbacks are promises
to pay, and must, sometime, if they are good
for anything, be paid in gold or its equivalent,
the same as the bonds. If we are to pay in
our present currency where is it to come from ?
How shall the Government get it? What are
the processes by which we are to come into
possession of the means? I know of but two
methods: first, tax the people beyond the ne-
cessary expenses of the Government, and take
from them what you propose to pay the bond-
holders for the redemption of your securities;
or second, set your greenback machinery at
work, make the money with which to purchase
the bonds, flood the country with an iriedeem-
able currency, thus reducing, proportionately,
the purchasing capacity of every dollar the poor
man has to pay for the necessaries of life.
Neither of these methods is believed to be
practicable or desirable. I do not know that
any one who favors the payment of the debt
in coin or its equivalent proposes to pay while
our currency is depreciated. It is simply pfo-
posed to husband our resources with a view-
to return at the earliest possible moment to
specie payment, when we may just as easily pay
gold as currency, and the bondholder would be
just as willing to take greenbacks as gold,
thus settling this and all other troublesome
questions that grow out of the depreciated cur-
rency and saving at the same time the credit
of the nation inviolate.
Whatever may be the strict legal construction
of the several acts under which the five-twen-
ties have been issued—and I do not propose to
discuss that subject now—-it is undeniable that
those who purchased the bonds had good reason
to expect that when the principal should be
paid it would be in gold or its equivalent.
When the acts referred to were passed it was
generally expected that before they would be
paid our currency would be equal to coin. The
Government allowed its agents, through whom
a large portion of the loan was made, to ad-
vertise to the world that the principal of the
bonds would be paid in gold. Two Assistant
Secretaries of the Treasury, Messrs. Harring-
ton and Field, declared at different times, in
answer to inquiries on the subject, that these
bonds would be paid in coin. I submit, that in
view of the facts I have stated and the import-
ance of our national credit it would be exceed-
ingly unwise to declare in favor of paying our
bonds in depreciated currency, but that by a
wise financial policy tending toward a gold
basis we declare to all the world that the time
is not distant when we will be able to meet all
the demands against the Government in gold
or paper money, as our creditors may desire.
This is the best method of settling a question
the agitation of which has, in my judgment,
only served to weaken the confidence of this
country and Europe in our securities.
I have not time for the discussion of other
topics of financial policy, as I intended. I
will, however, say a word further in regard to
a subjcct to which I have already referred.
FUNDING THE NATIONAL DEBT.
While I am in favor of paying every dollar
of the principal and interest of the bonds now
outstanding in exact accordance with our agree-
ment, and am opposed to the violation of any
contract, either expressed or implied, I am, at
the same time, opposed to paying the present
high rate of interest a single day beyond the
time when the bonds are payable and the
money can be had at a cheaper rate.
Six per cent, interest in gold is now equivalent
to more than eight per cent, in currency. Add
to this the advantage of exemption from tax-
ation, which is about two per cent., and ths
interest we are now paying amounts to about
ten per cent. This is too much for a nation
of such vast resources as ours—a nation whose
credit might and should be beyond suspicion—
to pay. It would, ofcour.se, be for the interest
of the holders of the bonds to continue the
present rate of interest; but the Government
is under no obligations to pay .such interest
beyond what, by the terms of the law. it agreed
to do. The Government has the right to pay
the five-twenties at the end of five years from
their date. A part of them are already pay-
able, and all will bo within five years. As
the debt becomes payable we ought to be able
to fund it at a rate of interest two per cent.,
at least, better for the Government than we
are now paying.
This will save for the country in interest
some thirty-five millions annually. To he able
to do this, however, our finances must be
placed on a firmer basis and our credit estab-
lished beyond distrust. The talk about repu-
diation, the possibility of some time being com-
pelled to assume the debt contracted on the
other side of the rebellion, and to pay the value
of slave property which was destroyed by
emancipation, has impaired, to some extent,
our credit. The adoption of the constitutional
amendment guarantying the payment of our
debt, and preventing the assumption of that
contracted in the interest of the rebellion
will speedily set these questions at rest. We
