3076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
to give the title to this island to this company,
but propose to give them its use and occu-
pancy, why should the United Statesbe required
to pay rent for it whenever the emergency may
arise that tliey require it, and especially for
war purposes ? It seems to be admitted by
the very face of the bill that it will be so
required in case of war, because it is specially
provided that in such a case the United States
may resume its possession.
Mr. CONNESS. There is one point, if the
Senator will permit me 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
occupy but a "moment's time. I merely rose
to call the attention of the Senate to this pro-
vision. It seems to methat the common judg-
ment of any man should say that this portion
of the bill should be stricken out; and I atn
somewhat surprised that the Senatorfrom Cali-
fornia does not concede it. He is generally
a lair man. He is not disposed to be very
much of a Yankee, to take advantage and get
a smart, sharp bargain; and certainly it seems
to me that this goes beyond any Yankee oper-
ation that I have ever seen yet: that we are to
give to this company a possession which in its
value is worth hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars every year, and if we shall merely require
it for our own temporary occupancy in case of
a great emergency we are to be called upon
to repay this company to whom we have given
so many largesses, so many benefits, the utter-
most farthing for any value that we inay derive
from the use and occupancy of our own prop-
erty.
Mr. NYE. Being somewhat familiar with
the exact location of this island, I desire to
say a few words on this subject. The view
which the honorable Senator from Vermont
takes, it seems to me, is a narrow one, not
justified by the facts. In the first place, the
outlay upon the island will be several millions
of dollars to enable it to be occupied for mili-
tary purposes by the Government itself; for I
assert, with an entire familiarity with its local-
ity, that it is unavailable as a military depot
in the sense in which the Government will
require it without that outlay being made by
the Government itself or by some one else.
On one side of the island the channel is very
narrow indeed, and without this land connec-
tion it will be entirely unavailable, or to a
large extent unavailable, for military purposes,
and it is good for nothing else. This company
agree to go on and make this lai'ge outlay,
which will not bo less than two million dollars
certainly, to get upon this island.
There is another view of this case which the
Senate of the United States should take, which
it seems to vne controls it, and I wish to have
the attention of the Senate while I state it.
The Government has gone on at great expense
and aided in the construction of this railroad.
To make it available, to make the securities
ample upon which the Government rests for
the return of the advances made and to be
made to construct the road, it needs this ter-
minus to accommodate the public commercial
interests of the country. The Senator from
Vermont and his constituents are as much
interested in it as the people of the State of
California or Nevada, and more, for turn this
map whichever way you may, the wealth of
the West and of the East all centers upon this
Atlantic coast. In a commercial point ofview,
for great commercial convenience to this enter-
prise and to the shippinginterests ofthe world,
this terminus is demanded. It is no gift to
this company.
There is another view which I wish to pre-
sent, and then I shall have done ; and that is
the point of economy. I think what is now
proposed will save the construction ofsome-
thing like forty-seven miles of road. No such
convenience for public commerce can be found
as upon this island. We have now reached a
new era in the commerce of the world. We
have seen in the other branch of this Congress,
standing in their Hall, within this week, the
representatives of a population of four hun-
dred million people, who brinjr us the fruits ot«
the sun, and they are to find their great depot
at this island. It is of national importance to
furnish commercial convenience to our great
continental enterprise that this island should
be so dedicated, and not one inch of the title
passes and the Government can reclaim it
whenever it is needed for its purposes.
Now, sir, I come to the ''Yankee" part of
the argument. Being a legitimate descendant
of the Yankees I have a right to speak of that
branch of the case. Sir, there is no Yankee-
ism in this. It is broad gauge. As my friend
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] the other day told
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,]
there is no flat-bottom and center-board com-
merce in this; it is keels that navigate the
world.
What does the Government part with ? Noth-
ing. It simply gives consent to occupy that
portion of the island -which it does not require
for military purposes. It makes doubly valu-
able the portion of the island reserved for those
purposes. It makes it, indeed, what the Gov-
ernment requires, absolutely defensive in its
position ; and if it shall bccome necessary in
time of war that the country shall use the whole
island it may take it all. This company are
willing to say that in that contingency the Gov-
ernment shall take it. Under these limitations
I can see no objection to the bill. And now I
ask my friend from Vermont is it at all likely
that in his day or mine that exigency will arise ?
No, sir; the power of the arms of this country
so demonstrated itself to the world that no
nation and no combination of nations will dare
invade our soil or create the emergency for
which this provision is to provide.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I hope
this amendment will be adopted, and after that,
whether it be adopted or not, I have another
one to offer. For the present 1 simply desire
to say that this is a much more important
question to the country and to the Treasury of
the country than Senators seem to imagine.
I have before me a report made by officers of
the Engineer corps under the direction of the
War Department which shows that this prop-
erty is indispensably necessary to the defense
of the great city of San Francisco. The report
says further in regard to its value, that if the
Government were disposod to sell it they could
get $5,000,000 for it. I have 110 doubt this is
true. As 1 understand it, the island now above
water and the shoal water there may be made
to contain three hundred acres of land. After
awhile, as the city of San Francisco grows
toward its magnitude, for it is growing every
year—and I agree with the Senator from Ne-
vada that at some future time it will be one of
the great cities of the world—as it progresses
the value of this island will every year become
greater.
If this island is to be used by a railroad all
the railroads which shall terminate in San
Francisco ought to have the same right there.
You have now the Central Pacific railroad ap-
proaching completion; you have the Pacific
railroad, eastern division, far advanced to-
ward its termination. I hope that in a year
or two we shall have a great Northern Pacific
railway started also. All these railroads of
course will terminate in San Francisco. There
are besides various railroads in the State of
California made by private individuals and by
the bounty ofthe State which are approaching
this great city. All of them ought to have a
portion of this territory, if it is to be granted to
any. We have at all our great towns found
difficulty in having proper locations for the
termini of our roads. They have been con-
stantly changing their depots, because in the
early start of their operations they did not
know the amount of property they would need,
nor where the centers of trade would be.
This is in some measure a new place; and
we, the national representatives, ought to do
something to make it a place worthy of the
great city of which it is to be the entrepot and
of the whole nation that is going to give this
bounty. The amendment which 1 shall offer
as soon as this is disposed of, is to give all the
railroads which may terminate at San Fran-
cisco a right to go there.
It is said by the Senator from Nevada that
thisisnota Yankeeism. True, for the Yankees
always pay for what they get. This is one of
those schemes which are to make money out
of the Government without giving a compen-
sation for it. The railroad companies in the
East have paid for not only the land upon which
they erected their depots, but for every foot ot
the land upon which they built their roads.
Here the Government gives the company the
soil, gives them the right of way, and pays
them for occupying it. It gives to every one
of these Pacific railroad companies more than
principalities in land, and besides that, pays
them money enough to make the railroads, and
more than enough.
Mr. CONNESS. How?
Mr. CAMERON. By the subsidy. I do
not object to that; I vote for these roads be-
cause I desire to have the great West and the
great Pacific coast settled, and to encourage
the people who desire to go to reside there. I
desire to see inducements held out to send
people across there to populate that great
country. But I do not desire to see the Gov-
ernment lose all its property for the benefit of
an already bloated corporation, for it is bloated,
and all those connected with it are making
princcly fortunes out of it. Why should they
not pay for the ground they use as the term-
inus of their road, as other corporations have
done? Especially should we not allow them
to take from the Government an island which,
as your engineers say, is absolutely necessary
to the defense of the city of San Francisco.
It is true that we may not have a war this
year or next, and perhaps not in our genera-
tion ; but ages and generations are but small
periods in the history and growth of the
world. The time will come when there will
be a war there just as sure as time turns
round, and then the Government will need this
property.
I shall not detain the Senate longer now ;
but when this amendment is voted on, I shall
offer the amendment I have indicated.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the document read which the Senator from
Pennsylvania has in his hands.
Mr. CAMERON. I am much obliged to the
Senator for the suggestion, andl send it to the
desk and ask that it be read.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I have the floor.
The X-'RESIDENT pro tempore. The time
has arrived when the special order should be
taken up.
Mr. CONNESS. This will only take a few
minutes. I have but a few words to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Will the Senator con-
sent to allow a motion to be made that that
document be ordered to be printed?
Mr. CONNESS. That document may be
printed, and it may be read from end to end ;
I have no objection ; but I hope the Senator
will not undertake to jerk me from the iloor
when I rise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I shall
only occupy one minute, and then it will be
time_ to stop at present, as the hour for the
special order is at hand.
There appears to me to be several holes,
so to speak, in the logic of my friend from
Pennsylvania. Allow me to let him look
through them without the aid of glasses. The
whole island, he says, is necessary for war pur-
poses, and therefore it should not be given, or
any part of it, to one company, and hence he
proposes that it shall be given to all com-
panies ; for the honorable Senator has an
amendment as long as my arm giving the
island for the purposes to all companies.
Mr. CAMERON, The Senator will allow
me to correct him. I said if it is given at all
it should be given to all of them.
Mr. CONNESS. _ Mr. President, if the out-
rage is to be committed of allowing the great
Pacific railway tohaVeadepot tl'ere, then every
