2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Usurpers do not like to hear of State rights,
because they know that the doctrine of State
rights, when rightly expounded and limited,
is the highest safeguard of popular liberty,
and the spirit of usurpation is always opposed
to popular freedom. It would consolidate all
governmental powers into a grand central oli-
garchy, the actual management of which would
fall into the hands of the most adroit and un-
scrupulous politicians, who would make the
people mere hewers of wood and drawers of
water.
When the Constitution superseded the Arti-
cles of Confederation it provided, in article one,
section two, that—
"The Ilouse of Representatives shall bo composed
of members chosen every second year by the peo-
ple of the several States, and tho electors in each
State shall havo the qualifications requisite for elect-
ors of the most numerous branch of tho State Legis-
lature."
This is a very remarkable provision. It not
only does not arrogate the regulation of suffrage
to ths Federal Government, and not only leaves
it to the unrestricted will of the States, but it
refers the members of the popular Ilouse of
Congress to such electors as each Stale shall
designate for electors of its own popular branch
of tho Legislature. And yet, as argued by Mr.
Madison, in No. 52 of the Federalist, it was
an arrangement that—
"Was safe to tho United States, bccause, being fixed
by the State constitutions, it is not alterable by the
State governments; and it cannot bo feared that the
people of the States ^ ill alter this part of their con-
stitutions in sneh a manner as to abridge the rights
secured to them by tho Federal Constitution."
The qualifications of electors being thus re-
ferred to the States and placed beyond control
of the Federal Government, tho iourth section
of article one provides that the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators
and Representatives shall be prescribed in cach
State by tho Legislature thereof; but the Con-
gress may at any time by lawmakc or alter such
regulations except as to the placcs of choosing
Senators.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kellby] argued that this clause gave
Congress plenary powers over suffrage iu the
States. N ot so. The two clauses, the second
and the fourth, are consistent with each other,
are in pari materia, as tho lawyers say, and
ought to be read together, though I could not
persuade the gentleman to read them together.
Taken together they amount to this: -that the
qualifications of the electors shall be pre-
scribed by the States, and also the times, places,
and manner of holding elections, but Congress
may alter these regulations. Time, place, and
manner, the mere scaffolding of suffrage, may
be regulated by Congress, while the essential
matter,'the qualification of the elector, is com-
mitted wholly to the States. In the Virginia
convention of 1788 Mr. Madison and others
explained that the reason of giving Congress a
right to regulate the time, place, and manner
of suffrage was to secure uniformity through-
out the country, but the fears of State action
which prevailed at that day have not been re-
alized, and this provision giving Congress an
ultimate control over the accidents of suffrage
has been found a useless though a harmless
provision. The honorable gentleman [Mr.
Kelley] made a parade of the debates in the
Virginia convention and in the First Congress
upon this unimportant clause ot the Constitu-
tion, and applied the obiter dicta which fell
from gentlemen on this subject to the other and
very different subject we are discussing—the
qualifications of electors. His citations were
irrelevant, to the point in issue, and calculated
only to mislead our judgments.
The States thus left free in all our history to
regulate suffrage have conferred it according
to their sovereign will and pleasure. In some
States property qualifications are required, in
others only a poll-tax; in some vagabonds
and paupers are permitted to vote ; in others
they are not; in some negroes have the ballot,
and iu others it is denied to them. And in
the same State it lias at one period been ex-
tended to them ; at another taken away, i hus
have the States used and controlled suffrage
without abusing it. Until a very recent pe-
riod their exclusive jurisdiction over the sub-
ject has never been questioned—they have
been permitted to do as they would with that
which was their own. But in the times upon
which we are fallen, which are called times of
progress in political science, all old truths are
questioned, the landmarks of our liberties are
ruthlessly dug up, and the passions of party
are sot up as the only standard of truth an^
duty.
It must be apparent to the dullest compre-
hension, from this brief reviewof our political
history, that, except in the District of Columbia,
the Federal Government has no suffrage to
bestow upon anybody, white or black. No
power over the subject was ever delegated,
and, by necessary consequence as well as by
express provision, all power over the subject
was "reserved to the States respectively or to
the people." (Art. 10 of the Amendments.)
It is sometimes argued that the second sec-
tion of article four—" the citizens- of each
State shall bo entitled to all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States "—
gives the Federal Government power to con-
fer a citizenship which the States are bound to
rcspect in tho matter of suffrage. But if this
were so every foreigner whom the Federal
Government naturalized would instantly be-
come entitled to vote in any State without
regard to its regulations about residence, tax-
paying, &c. That this provision is entitled to
no such application is apparent from'the mas-
terly summary of the civil and commercial
rights secured by it which Judge Washington
made in the case of Corfield vs. Corey ell, (4
Washington Circuit Court Reports, 371,) and
in which he included "the elective franchise
as regulated and established by the laws and
constitution of the State in which it is to be
exercised." Tho elective franchise, then,
which this clause of the Federal Constitution
secures to tho citizen is that which tho States
regulate and establish. Many other authori-
ties might be cited to the same effect, but the
text of the Constitution, the uniform usage of
the Government, the civil and political history
of the country, and all concurrent judicial au-
thorities ought to bo sufficient to silence cavils
and to settle tho proposition that suffrage is
one of the reserved rights of the States and
that the Federal Government has no power to
confer or take it away.
Yet, sir, the reconstruction acts of Congress
assume control over this State right, and un-
dertake to disfranchise many citizens and to
confer suffrage upon ignorant negroes just
emancipated from tho slavery in which they
were born. This brings me to the two remain-
ing heads of my discourse, which must be
treated together, for negro suffrage and recon-
struction are too intimately associated to be
contemplated separately. They are twin here-
sies, and as they were sent into tho world to-
gether, no doubt to curse us for our sins, to-
gether they will go out of the world after their
mission of vengeance is ended,and be mentioned
and remembered only as war, pestilence, fam-
ine, and other dire afflictions are remembered.
Tho first of these extraordinary acts of legis-
lation that are indexed under the title of re-
construction was passed over the executive
veto on tho 2d March, 18G7. It divided the
ten southern States into five military districts,
provided a military commander and army for
each, gave to the commander authority to
arrest, try, and punish offenders and disturbers
of the public peace, "and all interference
under color of State authority with the exer-
cise of military authority under this act shall
be null and void," which was the provision
that struck down all the constitutional tribunals
and subjected the civil to the military power
in a lime of peace. Tho act then went on to
provide for forming a constitution for each
State ; it was to be framed by delegates elected
by the male inhabitants over twenty-one years
of age of "whatever race, color, or previous
condition," except such as were disfranchised
for participation in the rebellion; the consti-
tution to be formed was to provide that the
elective franchise shall be enjoyed by the above
classes, and when the constitution so formed
should be approved by Congress, and the State
Legislature elected under it shall have approved
of the amendment to the Federal Constitution
known as article fourteen, Senators and Rep-
resentatives were to be admitted into Congress,
'provided that no person excluded from the priv-
ilege of holding office by said proposed amend-
ment shall be eligible as a member of the con-
vention or entitled to vote for members thereof.
The final section of the act declared all civil
governments in those States provisional only,
" and in all respects subject to the paramount
authority of the United States at any time to
abolish, modify, control, or supersede the
same."
Just twenty-one days after this unexampled
act of usurpation was passed a supplement-
ary law of nine sections was found neces-
sary to complete the subjugation of the Saxon
to the African. It provided for a registration
of voters, which, however, should "include
only those persons who are qualified to vote
for delegates by the aforesaid act," and who
should take an oath which many of the best
men in the South could not take. Then these
registered voters were to elect a convention
to form a constitution, which was to be "rat-
ified by a majority of the votes of the registered
electors," and then submitted to Congress, who
were to pass upon it, subject to various condi-
tions, all of which looked to the stifling of the
voice of white men.
The pretense put forward in the preamble of
the origiital act for establishing this military
despotism in ten free and independent States
was that no legal governments existed therein,
or adequate protection for life or liberty, upon
which 1 make two observations:
First, if this were true, Congress found it
out, not in the ordinary channels of informa-
tion, but by some illegitimate and untrust-
worthy medium of communication. The or-
dinary modes in which Congress obtains local
information is by petition of the people or
executive communications from the President.
But the people never told Congress there were
no legal governments in those States, and how
the President deprecated this legislation is
shown by his emphatic veto.
The second remark upon the preamble is
that it mistakes the fact. The fact is that
legal State governments did exist in every one
of these States, and had existed in some of
t.hem from the date of the Declaration of In-
dependence, in others from the time of their
admission into the Union; State governments
republican in form and fact; State govern-
ments that Congress had often recognized and
acknowledged ; State governments that are in-
destructible by any power less than the voice
of the people, because that was the power that
called them into being.
Such were the avowed purposes of this legis-
lation ; but its tendency was not to establish
legal governments and to protect persons and
property, but to overthrow legal State gov-
ernments, and to excite animosity and conflict
between the whites and the blacks, the power
to rule being carefully confided to the blacks.
Nothing could be wider apart, not even the
poles, than the avowed purposes and the neces-
sary tendencies of this legislation. The sign
it wore on its frontlets was a mask to hide its
destructive tendencies from the popular eye.
But, bad as it was, it was found not to be
bad enough for the occasion. At the first
session of the present Congress more legislation
was necessary to interpret the prior acts, and
at the present session still more to complete
the subjugation of free States to a military
despotism in the interest of the negro. And
lest the Supreme Court should decide all this
legislation unconstitutional we have passed a
bill that requires two thirds of the judges to
curb these acts, while a bare majoritj' of that
tribunal is competent to pa s upon the lives,
the liberties, and the property of the citizen.,
