4102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Estimate of appropriations required for the different
bands of Ohippetoa Indians in Minnesota, in remov-
ing them to thevr reservations, and subsisting them
for six months after their arrival; also, for the erec-
tion of a mill at Med Lake.
For this amount, or so much thereof asmaybeneces-
sary to defray theexpensos incident to the removal
ol the scattering bands of Chippewa Indians in
Minnesota to their reservations  $15,000 00
i'or this amount, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, in addition to the res-
idue of the funds already appropriated
for the object, to subsist the scattering
bands of Chippewa Indians in Minnesota
for six monthsafter their arrival at their
new reservations  87,398 84
For this amount, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, to erect a new mill at
Red lake lor the use of the Chippewa
Indians in Minnesota  10,000 00
$112,393 81
Mr. RAMSEY. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs Jias called upon me
to explain more particularly than he is pre-
pared just now to do the merits of this amend-
ment. The Chippewa Indians are located in
the northern part of the State of Minnesota.
They were once the occupants of about the
northern half of that State, the rest of it being
owned by the Sioux Indians, their mortal
enemies. In the older treaties made with the
Chippewas they were recognized as distinct
organizations, one branch called the Missis-
sippi bands, of which Hole-in-the-day, who
has recently been assassinated, was the head
chief; and the other branch, called the 1*11-
lager Indians, from some pillage they commit-
ted on property in the early days in the his-
tory of that country, and they have ever since
been called the Pillager bands, who live about
lied lake. These are the Indians referred to
in this amendment. The amendment is to
carry out the treaty stipulations with these
Indians. The Indians, in several treaties made
with them within the last three or four years,
have agreed to remove from their old reserva-
tions, which are very numerous, there being
some half a dozen reservations provided for
them scattered over the State. It became
important to absorb them in the increasing
settlement of the country by the whites. The
coutact with the whites is 111 many eases
demoralizing the Indians. On one reserva-
tion especially, that which is called Mdle Lac,
the lumbermen are about theie in numbers.
These lumbermen are from Maine, I will say
to the chairman of the Committee on Appio-
priations. I do not suppose they are any worse
than those Irom any other State; but, never-
theless, the Indians have become very much
demoralized from communication with these
lumbermen at Mille Lac. It is thought desir-
able by the department here that they shall
be removed. There are two or three other
sruch reservations where the whites are crowd-
ing around and interfering with the proper
administration of Indian affairs by the de-
partment. It has been thought advisable to
remove the Indians to a new reservation fur-
ther away from the whites, the White Earth
Lake reservation, near to the lied river, in the
northwestern part of Minnesota, and to extend
the reservation west of Leech lake. Their old
reservations are to be surrendered to the Gov-
ernment, and a new reservation provided for
them, it was provided heretofore in the trea-
ties that these Indians should be removed.
Mr. POMEROY. Have we appropriated
money for the removal?
Mr. RAMSEY. No; you are called on to
do it now.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Minnesota if these Indians have
agreed to remove ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes; in their treaties they
agreed to remove.
Mr. HARLAN. I think these Indians have
agreed to remove at some time, and when they
do make up their minds to start the Govern-
ment is under obligations to pay the neces-
sary transportation and subsistence for six
months.
Mr. RAMSEY. On account of the demor-
alization of these Indians where tliey are in
the southern and eastern part of the State, by
their contact with white settlers, it has been
thought advisable to remove them, and .they
have now entered into a treaty to remove.
They have been called on for several years to
remove, but there have been influences sur-
rounding them, petty traders and so on, those
who make money by them, and enjoy this kind
of demoralization, to persuade the Indians to
continue ou their old reservation. 'This is not
the object of the Government or of the friends
of the Indians. The Government wishes to
get them away to their new homes. I know
the Indians feel indisposed to go, and repre-
sentations are got up that they are forced away ;
but they do not know their own condition, they
do not know the circumstances that surround
them.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. With whom does
it rest l)y the treaty?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Minne-
sota and I do not understand the treaty in the
same way, if these are the Indians I am think-
ing of. We persuaded them to make a treaty
giving up their old reservations and stipulating
that they might remain on their old reserva-
tions as long as they chose; and when they
finally decided to go 
Mr. RAMSEY. I had better correct the
Senator just there. There is no such provis-
ion that they shall remain on the reservation
as long as they please.
Mr. HARLAN. Not in so many words;
but when they do agree to go, the Government
consents to pay their transportation and thc-ir
subsistence for six months, 1 think. Some
one or two of these bands did agree to go a
year or two since, amounting perhaps to six or
seven hundred, and have been relocated. The
point I was speaking of was whether this
appropriation was made with a view to coerce
the removal of the rest. If it is made with a
view of coercing their removal, it can be done
very readily, for men can go to the Indians
and say, "Your Great Father now has pro-
vided you money to subsist you six mouths on
this new reservation ; he cxpects you to go
there ' and they will understand that it means
that they are compelled to go ; that if they
refuse the cavalry will be sent after them
and they will be forced to go. The point ou
which I wish to have information is whether
these Indians have voluntarily agreed to go to
this new reservation. If they have the appro-
priation ought to be made; but if it is intended
to coerce their removal by means of this appro-
priation I doubt very much whether it ought
to be made.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does the Senator mean to
say that the Indians should be allowed to
remain with these malign influences operating
upon them until the Indians themselves eon-
sent to go? They would remain until the last
remnant of them was swept, off by disease.
Mr. HAKLAN. I think they have reserved
the right to remain on their old lands until
i they are ready to go. That is my impression.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator is mistaken.
An agreement was made with these Indians,
as is generally made with Indians, for the sale
of their old reservation, it being deemed im-
portant that they should be removed. The
Indians cannot comprehend the thing. They
themselves desire to remain in their old homes.
There are influences surrounding them there,
small traders and others who desire to keep
them there, and yet the interests of the Indians,
which the Government recognize, require the
removal. They should be removed. 'J he Gov-
ernment feel the propriety of it, and hence
purchased their old reservations and desire to
get them away. There are, however, small
traders, probably some of them might be prop-
erly denominated whisky traders, men who
make money out of these Indians, who desire
them to remain where they are.
For several years their removal has been
resisted under these influences which the Sen-
ator can appreciate, and they still persist in
keeping them there. It is for their interest
they should be removed. The stipulation of
the treaty was that they should not be removed
until the interests of the Government required
it. Now the interests of the Government
require that they should be removed. It is a
fine country, a timber country. The wood-
choppers and lumbermen are down there, and
their influence upon these Indians the Senator
from Iowa can very well appreciate. The
Government desires them to be removed ; but
there are traders who are stimulating them to
apply here to their friends and the Govern-
ment authorities to ask a little continuance,
and they are doing all that they can to remain
where they are. It is proper t.hafc they should
be removed. Their country has been pur-
chased by us and a new and better reservation
provided for them. They are under obligation
to go. The Government is providing for them,
putting up mills and breaking ground at their
new reservation, and it would be a gross wrong
to allow them to remain where they are.
Mr. HOWE. I believe it was stipulated that
these Indians should be removed, and that they
should be subsisted six months. The Govern-
ment was called on to appropriate the money
for removing them and for subsisting them, and
did appropriate it, and I suppose came to the
couclusion that the work was done; but it seems
now that it was not done, although the money
was expended; that there are more Indians to
be removed and more to be subsisted, and more
money to be required than there was in the
first instance. My great objection to making
this appropriation now is that from our past
experience it seems that the more money we
appropriate the more work we have to do in
tins direction. I think, therefore, the only safe
way is to stop now.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is a very easy way of
getting rid of a solemn treaty. You have not
done what you promised to do, and all that
this amendment does is to make an appropria-
tion to enable the Government to meet its obli-
gations under this treaty. Some of the Indians
have been removed; the Indians that you have
not yet removed you are under obligations to
remove, and you are now simply called on to
make an appropriation for the purpose. This
is the provision of the treaty to which the Sen-
ator from Iowa referred:
" It shall not be obligatory upon the Indians, par-
ties to this treaty, to letnove from their present res-
ervation until tho United States shall have first com-
plied with tho stipulations ot articles four and six of
this treaty, when the United States shall furniok
them with all necessary transportation and subsist-
ence to their new homes, and subsistence for six
months thereaiter."
Here is the band of Indians from whom this
application is made constantly ;
"Provided, That owing to the heretofore good
conduct of the Mtlle Lac Indians they shall not bo
compelled to i emovc so long as they shall not in any
way interfere with or in any manner molest the per-
sons or propei ty of the whites."
The country occupied by these Indians is
being settled up by the whites, who protest
against their remaining there. The Governor
ot the State and the Legislature of the State
have been for years pressing the removal of
these Indians. There is every reason why they
should be removed. It is for their interest,
the interest of the whites, and the interest of
the Government. All these appropriations are
appropriations contemplated by these treaties,
which the Government cannot in good faith
deny. I have reference now to the two items,
the 000 and the balance for the removal
of the Indians on Otter Tail lake. At Otter
Tail lake there are soma six hundred Pillagers.
It is a beautiful country, with a very rich soil.
That is a large and beautiful lake. Settlers
have gone in therein great numbers, and have
occupied the country, but these Indians persist
m remaining on the borders of the lake in the
midst ot these white settlements. The Gov-
ernment has no means to remove them, and I
think we ought not to hesitate a moment in
making an appropriation to furnish the means
to remove them to their reservations.
Mr. HOWE. 1 think the Senator ought not
to accuse us of being regardless of our treaty
obligations. We met the obligation of the
