1868,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3079
put their1 bank in liquidation a man tliat has
to take their affairs and wind up the concern
ought to be paid at least a decent compensa-
tion for doing it. .
Mr. CHANDLER. I.think this amendment
to- prevail, or otherwise the amount
should be.reduced even more than is proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania. A bank
going into >li.q\jidati,cm of course has what is
known in the bank parlors as live paper ; that
is, paper that is paid at maturity. The re-
ceiver employs his teller to receive this money
when paid. He is to get an annual salary of
$1,500, and there is no reason on earth why
$3,000 should be paid him on the first $100,000
he collects in addition to the $1,500 a year.
One per cent, would be a very high rate. Take
a bank of $500,000 or $1,000,000 capital;
$100,000 would be paid in in three days in the
regular course of business, paid to the teller
of the bank. Now, tell me why ought this
receiver to have three per cent, upon that
money which is paid to the teller of the bank
in the regular course of business, upon live
paper ? I desire, if it be in order, to move an
amendment to the Senator's amendment, sub-
stituting one per cent, in place of the two per
cent, which he proposes to insert instead of
three per cent, in the section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not in order, as this is an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The proposed rate is
too high altogether. All the live paper of the
bank, actual business paper, will be paid at
maturity, and paid to the teller, so that there
will be no responsibility on the receiver any
more than on the president or cashier of any
bank.
Mr. DRAKE. Suppose the bank had not
gone into liquidation, it would be paying three
or four times the amount of this receiver's
compensation to its president, cashier, teller,
and others just to receive the money on that
live paper that comes in without any trouble.
And why should you now put the receiver upon
such a pitiful footing as that, after paying three
or four times the amount to the bank staff to
do the same thing ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do
not understand this to be a question between
the stockholders and the receiver. It is a
question between the creditors of a broken
bank and the receiver ; between the depositors,
in the main, from the men of large business
who make large deposits down to tho persons
who may deposit the savings of their daily
labor; it is a question between that class of
persons and the receiver, and it is not a ques-
tion between that class of persons and a law-
yer, because if the appointment were left to a
wise court a lawyer would not be appointed
receiver. A good lawyer, an able lawyer is
not fit to be receiver. A man that would make
a good collector, to go around and by impor-
tunity and persistent efforts collect the debts
that are due the bank, would not be likely to be
a good lawyer. If the bank has claims that
ought to be collected that are disputed, then
of course the receiver must employ a lawyer,
and he ought to employ a good one, of course,
when that case arises. We ought to provide
simply for the payment of a reasonable com-
pensation to a careful business man. Perhaps
the clerk or cashier of the bank would make a
very excellent one. I do not believe in fol-
lowing the policy, when we .legislate upon
these questions, that is mostly adopted by the
wealthy banks. Ordinarily, in the cities, when
one of the banks fails, tho president of a neigh-
boring bank is appointed the assignee, and of
course, as between gentlemen of that grade in
the financial world, the little matter of compen-
sation is not to be regarded, and lie will receive
$10,000 for doing that which some clerk would
do for $2,000 much more promptly and effi-
ciently for the benefit of the depositors.
That is my notion about this business, and I
shall vote for the proposition of tho Senator
from Pennsylvania. I do not believe that
when banks fail all the assets ought* to go in
the way of costs; they "ought to be saved for
the benefit of the people who make their little
deposits.
"Mr. .CHANDLER. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania-if he will not amend his amend-
ment by accepting my suggestion to make the
commission one penceht. instead of two upon
the first $100,000.
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid if I accept
that amendment. I shall lose all. I think we
had better take the reduction I have proposed,
as we can probably get that.
Mr. CHANDLER. This whole thing is
wrong-end foremost. The Senator from In-
diana is perfectly correct in his statement that
this is a question between the creditors and
the receiver rather than between the stock-
holder and the receiver. A bank that goes
into liquidation has very little left, seldom any-
thing, for the stockholders; and it is really a
question between the creditors of the bank and
the receiver. If you are dealing out strict jus-
tice in this matter the arrangement here made
should be reversed. Tho first $100,000 comes
in without any care or trouble whatever, and
there should not be over one quarter of one
per cent, paid on the first $100,000, and then
you should increase the rate on subsequent
collections ; because the bad debts, those that
are difficult to collect, are the last to come in,
and a higher commission should be paid on
those deferred payments that come in at the
last end of the collection of tho assets. Take
a bank of $1?000,000 capital in the city of New
York; the first $100,000 would probably be
paid in within three days ; perhaps the first
$500,000 would probably be received within
sixty days ; within ninety days certainly ; and
there is no reason on earth why two per cent,
should be paid a receiver on that. Take the
banks all over the country, and $1,000 is con-
sidered a fair salary for a cashier. It is not
so in the cities where it is expensive to live ;
but in the country a large majority of the
banks pay salaries less even than to their presi-
dents and cashiers than you propose here as
your salary to start with for a receiver.
I hope that the Senator from Pennsylvania
will accept my suggestion and amend his propo-
sition to make the commission on the first
$100,000 one percent., and I feel very sure
the Senate will vote that that is sufficient com-
pensation.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I concur
with the Senator from Michigan that this ought
to be reversed. The amendment of the com-
mittee provides that on tho first $100,000
collected, in which there is really no labor
incurred, the receiver shall be allowed three
per cent., while upon the last $100,000, where
nearly all the labor is incurred, he shall only
receive one half per cent., and under the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
ho would receive less than that.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me to explain 
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to suggest that after
the first $100,000 is collected, and you get to
the small percentage, the person who is in-
trusted with the collection may resign his office
and say that he cannot afford to wind up the
affairs for the compensation allowed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has evi-
dently got on the wrong tack. This discrim-
ination is simply that in the small banks, where
the assets are $100,000, the compensation shall
be $4,500 or $3,500, as proposed by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania; and where it is a
very largo bank the lower rates of percentage
operate upon the very large sums collected. I
will state also that in order to prevent the
receiver from resigning when he has collected
the cream of the assets we have inserted a
provision that one half the commissions shall
be retained until the whole matter shall be
closed up, so that there is no object in being
receiver for a while and then retiring. One
half the gross commissions are to be kept back
until the whole matter is settled up.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 did not read the provision
in that manner. Where is that inserted?
Mr. SHERMAN. In line fourteen:
Provided, That the payment of one half the com-
missions may be reserved in the discretion of the
Comptroller until the affairs of the bank are finally
closed. - '
Mr. CORBETT. ",In the discretion of the
Comptroller." If tlie ..Comptroller does not
reserve that one half, the receiver, after collect-
ing the first one or two hundred thousand dol-
lars. can resign his office and receive the large
commission. It may be that if the Comptroller
was required to reserve one half, it would be
sufficient to prevent the receiver resigning
before closing up the affairs of the institution ;
but it seems to me that if a person appointed
receiver was not competent to close up the
affairs, he would be very likely to resign, or
the institution desire that he should resign,
and then he would be entitled to the large com-
missions on the first one or two hundred thou-
sand dollars. If he should conduct himself in
such a manner as to prove him to be incapable,
those interested would desire that he should
resign, and that somebody else should be placed
in his position, and in that event the incompe-
tent person would get a larger amount than
the next person who came in and had the
greatest trouble and did the most work. I
think the system should be reversed, and the
larger commissions paid upon the last amounts
collected.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I am
inclined to think that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is entirely right in the proposition
which he makes. In the first place, it is not
true that the receivers of these banks perform
even the services attributed to them by the
Senator from Michigan. Receivers appointed
by courts in esses of small insolvencies, do
personally very often, and usually superintend
and transact the business; but one of these
receivers practically does no such thing. He
gives a bond and assumes the responsibility,
and then one of the first things he does is to
retain an attorney, and this very section pro-
vides that the court is to allow him the expense
of the attorney. The next thing he does is to
have a book-keeper, or clerk, or both, and the
book-keeper or clerk is the visible presence of
the receivership. The receiver is responsible,
but the business is transacted by other persons
who are paid aside from this commission, for
doing it.
I understood some Senator to speak of the
impropriety of establishing starvation prices
for the benefit of the stockholders of an insol-
vent bank. What distinction is that which
occurs to any mind? Who are the stock-
holdersof an insolvent bank? They areinno-
cent persons whose trustees and representa-
tives have wrecked their investment; and I
should like to know what class of creditors are
more meritorious than they? They are simply
the cestui que trusts of a trust fund ; and if
strict morals in law is not demanded in their
case, for whose benefit, I inquire, is it demanded ?
They are as meritorious as bill-holders, and
no creditors of a bank are more meritorious
than they. A man who in good faith invests
his money in a bank, and then committing it
to a board of directors is so unfortunate as to
lose it through the recreancy of a cashier or
president, or the carelessness of somebody-
else which does not attach to him, is, I repeat,
as meritorious a creditor, and a person having
rights as sacred as any pecuniary rights which
you can respect. Therefore I submit that this
compensation ought to be fixed at what are
called starvation prices; that is at the lowest
figure which is remunerative, and that I submit
is as low a sum as the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania proposes, when you remember that the
real business is transacted by attorneys, book-
keepers, and clerks, who are paid aside from
the compensation given to the receiver.
Mr. MORTON. I believe with the Senator
from_ Oregon [Mr. Williams] that very low
salaries are the cause of much dishonesty in
the administration of the Government. In
other words, I believe that very low salaries
for places where first-rate abilities are required,
