1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
treaty; we made the appropriation required to
carry it out, and I never heard of any deficiency
in that appropriation. We supposed the work
was done. Some years after that appropriation
was made it is said that the woik was not done,
and we are told that more money 13 required
to do it now than there was then. Of course,
at that rate of experience, it is manifest that
there is not money enough to execute the
treaty. It seems to me good sense dictates
that we should withhold this appropriation
until the Indians ask us to remove them, and
when the Indians ask us to remove them vve
shall be at liberty to ask them why they did
not go when we made the former appropria-
tion. But, sir, it is only a little over one hun-
dred thousand dollars that is involved in this
appropriation. 1 do not think it makes any
particular difference whether the amendment
is agreed to or not. I suppose there is money
enough.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator seems to be
very indifferent to the obligations of a solemn
treaty made with these Indians, and ratified by
the Senate. You have agreed to remove these
Indians ; they have a right to expect it, and the
whites of that vicinity have a right to expect
it. Yon have not appropriated money to do
it, and you are now simply called upon to do
that. 1 should think the propriety ol the Gov-
ernment fulfilling its solemn obligations would
bo manifest. This removal is to be made by
the officers of the Government, not by the
Indians or the white people.
The question being put, 011 the amendment,
there were, on a division—ayes 12, noes 8;
no quorum voting.
Air. HlSNDEiiSON. I suggest that the
amendment be passed over for the present,
that we may make a further investigation, i
confess that it is not a question with which I
am very familiar. There has been a division
of these bands of Indians, and it is a trouble-
pome question. I would rather have more
time to examine it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last
vote having disclosed the want of a quorum,
business cannot be proceeded with until the
presence of a quorum is ascertained.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no doubt a
quorum is present, as will be ascertained if
the vote is taken again.
Mr. HOWE. 1 call for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KAMSEY. Now, I wish the Senate to
understand this matter before they vote. This
is not an amendment moved by me ; it is an
amendment reported by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, who understand this subject
entirely. The removal of these Indians has
been provided for by treaty, and we ought not
to hesitate a moment in making the necessary
appropriation lor their removal. _ Congress
lias appropriated a small sum—a deficient sum
heretotore. A part of the Indians have been
removed, and we are under obligations to re-
move the rest; and this amendment is to ap-
propriate a sum sufficient to_ do it. It ought
to be done for the interest 01 the Indians and
of the whites in that region, as well as to carry
out the treaty stipulations.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 10 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conkling, Con-
ne=s. Corbctt, Crugiu, Davis. iJcohttte, Fowler, Hen-
derson, Hendricks. Howard, McDonald, Nye, Os-
born, Patteison ol Tennessee, Ramsey, lloss, ISprague,
Xtrnyer, Viekers, and Williams—22.
N AYS—Messrs. Cole, Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Howe,
McCrcery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson of New Hampshire, Stewait,
Sunnier, Whyte, and Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, liuckalew, Cameron,
Cuttell. J)ixon,Drake, Edmunds,Fessenden, Grimes.
Harlan, Morton, N orton, Pomeroy, Kice, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull. Van Winkle, Wade,
Welch, Wiliey, and Yates—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian Affairs was to strike out "$3,500"
and insert " $3,900," in line four liundredand
twelve.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and thirty-one to insert:
To replace the sum taken from the Chickasaws for
expenses incident to the negotiation of a treaty by
order of the Government, $13,820 50.
For goods for Chickasaws, act of February 25,1799,
$3,000.
Mr. HOWE. I must ask the Senator from
Missouri for an explanation of that amend-
ment. I believe the first item is not estimated
for.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir, it is. The
Senator will find on page 157'of the estimates:
" For this amount, to replace the sum of $13,820 50,
taken from the tunds of the Chickasaw nation for
expenses incurred by the Chickasaw delegation in
visiting Washington city in 1866, by order of the
Government, for the purpose of negotiating a treaty,
$13,820 50."
These Indians are notified to send their del-
egates to Washington for the purpose of effect-
ing an amended treaty, and they appeared
here by their representatives in 1866 ; and this
was the cost and expense attending that dele-
gation of Indians to Washington when that
treaty was made. It is not necessary for me
to refer to the provisions of the treaty made
at that time. There are no fund out of which
the expenses of the Indian delegation attend-
ing Washington could be paid, and the money
was paid out of the funds of the Indians them-
selves, and this appropriation is to replace that
amount. These are the only circumstances
connected with it.
Mr. HOWE. When was it?
Mr. HENDERSON. In 1806. The Senate
will find in the books now the treaty, rather a
favorable treaty, made with the Indians at
that time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line four hundred and thirty-six, among the
appropriations for the Choctaws :
For permanent annuity for support of eight horse-
men, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
four hundred and fifty-eight:
To replace the sum taken from funds belonging to
Choctaws for expenses incident to the negotiation of
a treaty, by order of the United States Government,
$7,303 05. , . . ,
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for pay
of commissioners appointed under the1 torty-mnth
and fiitieth articl© of treaty of April 28, I860, with
Choctaws and Chickasaws, $1,538 47.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not understand the
explanation given by the chairman of the com-
mittee when the kindred amendment was
pending, and I will inquire whether in the
treaty made in I860 the Government agreed
to pay the expenses incurred by the Indian
delegates ?
Mr. HENDERSON. That is my recollec-
tion ; but we can refer to the treaty. 1 am
sure such is the case.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and sixty-eight, to increase from SWO0
to $3,500 the appropriation for ninth of fit-
teen installments for pay and subsistence of
farmers,blacksmiths, kc., for the confederated
tribes and bands of Indians m Middle Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and seventy-three, to increase from
Sti.GOO to §5,000 the appropriation for ninth
of twenty installments for pay and subsistence
; of a physician, sawyer, miller, &c., for these
Indians.
! The amendment was agreed to.
; The next amendment was to insert after
' line five hundred and forty-six :
' To defray the expenses of removing certain disfif-
! fected Creek Indians now livins in the Laciokee
: country, and also certain refugees ol tho same tiiuo
! now ou the Ecu river, to tneir old homes m tUe
: Creek country, and to supply th*mwith the neees-
• saries ot life until such a time as lfae> be u,bie
j to raise erops tor their own support, ^b.UOO.
,1 For expenses ot taking a ecu mis, and investigating
l>, tho claims of loyal Credo, ietu^ee>, and freedpieii,
as per article four, treaty of June 14, l&uo, SL,uiwt
II Mr. HARLAN. 1 should like to luue an
explanation of the first part of that amend-
ment:
To defray the expenses of removing certain disaf-
fected Creek Indians now living in the Cherokeecoun-
try, and also certain refugees of the same tribs now
on the Bed river to their old homes in the Creek coun-
try, and to supply them with the necessaries of life.
The Cherokee and Creek countries lie right
by the side of each other. So far as that por-
tion of them are concerned, I think they could
move themselves across the line without any
expense to the Government. I do not know
whether we are under any treaty obligations to
support them or not. If not, I am inclined to
think that item ought to be stricken out of the
amendment. In order to raise the question
directly, I move to amend the amendment by
striking out the first paragraph.
Mr. HOWE. The question should be put
on that first. That was the understanding be-
tween the Senator from Missouri and myself.
I do not propose to make any objection to the
last clause, but the first one I am not agreed
to by any manner of means. I think we should
vote on that clause separately.
Mr. HARLAN. I will adopt the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin and with-
draw my amendment, and ask a division of the
question, so as to have the question taken on
the first item first.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will send to the
Clerk's desk and have a letter of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs read on that subject,
and also the statement of Mr. Wortham, the
superintendent of Indian affairs in that super-
intendency, and also that of Agent Dunn.
The Chief Clerk read the following docu-
ments :
Department of the Intekior,
Washington, D. C., February 18,186S.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Aflairs, dated the 10th instant, and accompany-
ing payors, retativetocertain disaffected and refugee
Creek Indians, now living in the Cherokee nation
and on Red river.
An estimate is also herewith transmitted of appro-
priation to defray the expenses of removing said
Indians to their old homes in the Creek eountry, and
to supply them with the necessaries of life until such
time as they shall bo able to raise crops for their
support. „ , ,
The attention of Congress is respectfully and very
earnestly invited to an early consideration of, ana
action upo , this case.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. 11. BROWS INS.
Secretary of the Interior.
Hon. Schuyleb Colfax,
speaker of the House of Representatives.
Depaktmext of the Ixtf.riok,
Office of Indian Affairs,
WASRiNcrox, D. C., idtrw-irn 10,1808.
Sib- I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy
of a letter from Superintendent Wortham, dated the
3d instant, and of one transmitted by the superin-
tendent from Agent Dunn, relative to certain disat-
tected and retugee Creek Indians now living m tho
Cherokee nation and on the Bed river.
Agent Dunn says that the disafieeted Creeks now
in the Cherokee country, owingto the want of funds,
cannot be removed, nnd that they should be removed
tins winter without tail m order that they may settle
in their old homes before spring and plant crops fer
their support during thecomingyoar. He also states
that a number of southern Creek refugees are re-
ported on tho lied river, destitute and unable to
return to their homes, and thinks the sum ot 5b,UUu
with proper economy will he sutiicient to remove ail
to their old homes.
I The superintendent says these unfortunate and
' luibjruided people should at once be restored to their
' homes, and urgently requests that an appropriation
! of $10,000 be asked for the purpose of tarnishing the
I Indians in question with transportation to their old
! homes in tho Creek country, and providing them with
i subsistence until such time as they may be able to
I raise crops. , _ . ,, ,
> The disaffected portion 01 the Creeks referred to by
j the superintendent and agent is a small band under
i the leadership of Spo-ko-ke-gee-ya-hola, who has
I the idea that the direction of the affairs ot the tree*
: nation properly belongs to him, and that be i* the
, proper person to be chief of the nation, ilia
1 ers at onetime nuinboredaboutiive hundred; but oy
repeated efforts of Agcut Dunn the number has been
: reduced to, probably, about two hundred. 1igcioso
i herewith a letter iroui late Superintendent
i dated the 9th of April last, transmitting one'. from the
| agent, which gives a full and explicit history of tin*
; disaffected portion of the tribe.
I Asregardsthenumherandconditionof^o
'< lied river, I have to say that this Ar.*>g letter
1 information than that c<^ltt Worthaai
: transmitted to this office by Indians
i! °a? tl^^eii^XS^d for and
