1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2055
It would seem as if this House could find noth-
ing in the country, noteven theabsolute rights
of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,
so precious in their eyes as these darlingacts of
reconstruction—nothing else so worthy to be
elevated beyond the reach of the judiciary.
The Senate hesitates to second this blow at the
Supreme Court, but if they finally do, and the
bill becomes a law, I hope the court will prove
faithful enough to its high trust to declare this
disabling enactment, and the reconstruction
acts it is designed to shield, flagrant violations
of the Constitution. Such a decree would in-
fuse a new life into the body-politic.
Now, all this legislation is the building up
of negro States by means of Federal bayonets.
To regulate suffrage in the States by peaceful
means would have been a subversion of our
political system, but to force it upon a servile
race by the sword, and to disfranchise those
who inherit it in common with ourselves, is to
levy war against the United States, and gentle-
men can read the name of that crime in the
Constitution.
When gentlemen have been pressed to point
out the provision of the Federal Constitution
which justified this monstrous legislation they
have as a last resort taken refuge in section
four, of article four:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and,
on application of the Legislature or the Executive,
against domestic violence."
This is a pledge of guarantee and protection.
The reconstruction acts redeem this pledge
with a vengeance. Let u3 look for a moment
at the scope of this constitutional provision.
Thirteen States, uniting under a Federal Con-
stitution, promise, the whole to each, to guar-
anty a republican form of government to each.
The government of each was republican at that
time, and it is a fair interpretation of the cove-
nant therefore that it was a guarantee of the
existing governments.
This would not prevent the States from
abolishing the slavery which many of them
tolerated, because the republicanism promised
entitled them to regulate their domestic insti-
tutions according to their pleasure, retaining
always the form of a republican government.
And" it was a solemn pledge of the Federal
power to support the people ot the States in
their right of self-government. Taken in con-
nection with the always admitted State right
of suffrage, it was a pledge that this should
never be violated, but should be secured to the
States in perpetuity. Guarantee is an acces-
sory or secondary contract. The States stood
pledged to the people, the Federal Government
guarantied the redemption of the State pledge.
If A contracts to build a house or paint a pic-
ture for B, that is an original undertaking and
not a contract of guarantee; but if I contract
with B that A shall do as he promised, there
is a guarantee. This contract of guarantee pre-
supposes an existing contract between parties,
and superadds itself to what they have already
established. The framers of the Constitution
had an exquisite sense of the'force of language,
and when they bound the Federal Government
to guaranty and protect the people of the States
in such republican governments as they then
enjoyed, the existence of the States and their
obligations to the people were recognized.
And if any State failed to perform its obliga-
tions the guarantor might be called on to per-
form for it. If invasion or insurrection were
likely to overrun popular rights the Federal
Government was bound to protect the people
against these.
Now, who would have dreamed, in the wild-
est reveries to which human brain was ever
subject, that such a provision, so reasonable,
so fair, so considerate of State rights, would
become the excuse for marching an army into
ten States in time of peace, superseding Gov-
ernors, judges, sheriffs, and all civil omeers, and
setting up military power to regulate the in-
ternal economy of the States, and especially
suffrage? Yet we have seen just such a mili-
tary despotism established by these reconstruc-
tion laws; and that not on the ground that they
are conquered provinces subject to the will of
the conqueror, but that they are States entitled
to demand, or rather to have without demand or
desire, performance of the guarantee clause of
the Constitution. Unlike all other guarantors,
we hasten to offer performance before breach
of the covenant by the original parties! Upon
this clause the reconstructionists plant them-
selves, for they refuse to follow their leader
outside of the Constitution into those devious
paths of international law which it is supposed
entitle us to wreak our utter vengeance upon
our prostrate foe. And I venture to affirm that
this beneficent clause of the Constitution, as
it never has been heretofore, will never again
be invoked to justify so inhuman a policy.
Why, sir, what sort of republicanism do the
reconstruction enactments guaranty to the
southern States? Military invasion, constitu-
tions written with the point of bayonets, habeas
corpus suspended, civil tribunals abolished,
white men disfranchised, and suffrage forced
upon a stupid, ignorant race of negroes who
scarcely know how to wield it under the dicta-
tion of military masters. Call you this guar-
antying a republican government? If some
foreign enemy had undertaken to do in those
States the precise things we have done this
clause of the Constitution would have obliged
us to protect the people against the enormous
wrong, yet we pretend to find in it our justifi-
cation for inflicting the wrong with our own
mailed arm. It had been better to rest our acts
upon the imperial maxim "sicvolo, sicjubeo."
It would have been more candid to have con-
fessed ourselves outside of the Constitution,
working our will upon our victims according to
no rule but our passions, instead of attempting
to torture the benignant provisions of the Con-
stitution into the support of an anti-republican
tyranny.
The pretense is insincere. It was not to guar-
anty republican governments to those States
that this scheme of reconstruction was devised.
The reader of our current history will stultify
himself who so understands it. It was rather
to overrun and destroy the republican govern-
ments which existed there—to strip white men
of their hereditary suffrage and to confer it upon
negroes. Negro suffrage and negro supremacy
over white men are what reconstruction means,
and so the world does read and will read our
record.
Now, sir, I have shown sufficiently that the
Federal Government has 110 power to qualify
electors in the States. It would be rank usurp-
ation to dictate to the States what white men
should vote; it is an intolerable wrong to set
up negro suffrage.
If negroes ever acquire the riglit to vote in
the States they must, obtain it from the States
themselves. The Federal Government cannot
confer it, for it has no suffrage to bestow out-
side of the District of Columbia and the ler-
ritories. When any State shad, in the ex-
ereise of its unconstrained will> admit tae
black race to the right of suffrage, I shall re-
spect and acknowledge it. Much as my indi-
vidual tastes might incline me to vote agamst
nc°ro suffrage in my own &>tate? and fatal as 1
believe it would be to the peace and comfort
of the negroes themselves, vet whenever Penn-
sylvania, in the free and fair exercise of her
sovereign will, shall admit them to a suffrage,
either general or restricted, I will reluctantly,
but honestlv, say amen. _ _
With no undue prejudice agamst this race,
entertaining always the kind and sympathetic
feeling for them which a state of inferiority and
dependence begets, I have always treated them
with tenderness, and have contributed in vari-
ous forms to their welfare ; but, well knowing
that they were never a party to_ the social com-
pact on which our political institutions are
founded, and believing that neither their com-
fort nor our own would be promoted by admit-
ting them into political partnership, I am. and
always have been, against negro suffrage. I do
not. place my objections on ethnological dis-
tinctions of races, nor on the denial which is
sometimes made, bat which I am always pained
to hear, that they are human beings, having a
common God and Father of us all and a com-
mon destiny with ourselves ; but I place it on
those high considerations of expediency which
always prevailed with thefoundersof our Gov-
ernment. It is not best for the common in-
terests of both races that the inferior should
share political privileges with tliesuperior. The
men who planned a government in the cabin
of the Mayflower wero white men—the men
who made the Declaration of Independence,
the Articles of Confederation, and the Consti-
tution of the United States were white men.
The naturalization laws expressly declared that
all foreigners who should be admitted into
political partnership with us should be white
men.
Thus, sir, this has been from the root upward
a white man's Government, and it has enjoyed
the Divine bencdietion as such. The negro
race had nothing to do with planning or build-
ing it up. They have been so well cared for
that they have increased and multiplied beyond
all example, and if left to be protected by white
men, as women arc, they are in no more danger
of suffering persecution than the gentler sex.
Brought here in slavery, the ancestors of these
people did not enter as voluntary partners into
our political system, and their progeny have
never become parlies to the compact. This is
abundantly shown by the judicial authorities I
referred to a few days since, especially the
opinion of Chief Justice Gibson, in Ilobbs vs.
Fogg; Chief Justice Taney, in Dred Scott's
case; and of Mr. Justice Agnew, in Miles vs. The
Eailroad Company. Highly inexpedient, in my
humble judgment, as it would be to thrust this
race into a compact of white men, if it is to be
done it must be by State action and not by su-
perserviceable meddling on the part ol the
Federal Government. Better let us encourage
them to emigrate to Liberia, as the Colonization
Society, whose petition has lately been laid
before us, urges us to do, and, upheld by the
strong arms of Fnglish and American benevo-
lence, they may possibly found a state in their
fatherland that shall gradually dissipate the
thick darkness that has settled for centuries
upon Central Africa.
But the learned gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] thinks universal suffrage is
the panacca for all the hurts and ills of the
body-politic. This he conceives is the grand,
culminating point of modern civilization and
political science. It is amazing that while he
is so enamored of universal suffrage he should
persist in disfranchising his fellow-citizens m
the southern States. The benevolence that
fires at such long range as to overlook the poor
and oppressed kindred at your own door and
is spent on Africans, who neither need nor
deserve it, is not very remarkable for sharp-
ness of sight nor worthy of commendation.
Universal suffrage, when it can express the
freewill of a white yeomanry and is developed
by the natural growth of communities in %ir-
I tue, intelligence, and patriotism, will have all
; the testimonies of my heart of hearts; but your
universal suffrage which comes with a sword
in oue hand and bills of confiscation and of
pains and penalties in the other, which strikes
down the hereditary suffrage of intelligent_men
and confers it oil ignorant negroes whom insa-
tiate lust of power expects to use as its supple
instruments, talk not of that as progress in po-
litical science, as an ''inalienable right which
ranks with life and liberty." Does not the
honorable gentleman know that the petty re-
publics in which a suffrage absolutely univer-
sal was practiced have long perished from off
the earth? Does lie not know that the great
struggles of humanity have been for civil rights,
not for suffrage? Is he yet to learn that suf-
frage is more general in despotic trance than
in free America? And has he not discovered
that a form of free government may remain long
after the vital principle has been killed ou .
Sir, when I contemplate all that is being o
in this country in the name of
frage, loyalty, and sach good words, I feel like
