1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in office, and in the second place requires that
the persons appointed in their dace shall be
confirmed by the Senate. I am opposed to the
first proposition, because I think it is not a
proper mode of legislation to legislate with a
view to turning men out of office that other
men may be appointed in their stead. I say
this with no political or partisan reference, but
as a general proposition. I think the legisla-
tive department is not profitably engaged when
merely considering the question how one set
of men shall be got out of office with a view to
make places for another set. I am opposed to
the second proposition of the section, because
I think this class of officers are of that inferior
grade that it was contemplated in the Constitu-
tion snould be left for appointment to the heads
of Departments. The offices are mostly of
very inferior grade, many of them with a com-
pensation not exceeding §1,000, others not
exceeding S],200. By law we have provided
that the compensation of agents of the Post
Office Department shall not be less than nine
hundred nor more than twelve hundred dollars.
Now, it is proposed for the security of the
public service that that inferior class of officers
shall be brought before the Senate for its con-
sideration. I do not think that the public
service requires it, and I do not think that it
was contemplated by the provision of the Con-
stitution on the subject of appointments to office.
We might as well provide that all the clerks of
the Departments shall come before the Senate
for confirmation. The clerks get from twelve
hundred to two thousand dollars according to
their grade, and they certainly discharge duties
as important to the public service as the agents
that are contemplated in this bill. Here in
a Department will be a thousand clerks per-
haps 
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Will the Senator allow me to ask a question ?
I should like to have him specify the particular
class of officers struck by this bill whose an-
nual compensation is less than $1,000.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I understand the bill
correctly, it strikes at that class of agents whose
compensation was fixed during the last Con-
gress at a minimum of S900 and a maximum
of $1,200—mail agents. The Senator from
New Hampshire says I am mistaken in that.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
provision is that route agents whose compen-
sation is more than one thousand dollars per
annum shall come before the Senate ; all others
are to be appointed as now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 had not observed
those words ; then I am mistaken to the extent
of §100. Still the argument is the same. I
was going on to say that we might as well
provide that tht clerks of the Departments
should come before the Senate for confirma-
tion. These clerks frequently have respon-
sible and important duties to discharge; in
many instances they have the custody of pub-
lic' securities of very great value. Take the
clerks in the Treasury Department, who have
the control and custody of the public securi-
ties ; nobody has proposed that they shall be
brought before this body for confirmation or
rejection. Why? Because we all feel that the
responsibility ought to be left with the head of
the Department. He is the responsible man.
Nobody thinks of holding a clerk responsible
for the transaction of the business of the De-
partment. So I think in regard to these little
offices; the head of the Department ought to
be held responsible by the public instead of
transl'eriing the responsibility to the Senate or
to the particular persons who may discharge
the duties of these trifling agencies. The bet-
ter policy is to hold the head of the service as
responsible to the public for the efficient dis-
cliaige of the duties. So I think, in view of the
objectionable character of this legislation, legis-
lating one class of men out to make places for
others, and also from proper consideration of
the public interest and proper policy to be
adopted in regard to the responsibilities ot the
public service, this section ought to be stricken
out.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to .inquire
of the Senator if he holds the Secretary of the
Treasury responsible for the non-collection of
the revenue.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In my opinion the head
of the Department ought to be held responsible
for the collection of the revenue. I think that
is the right doctrine ; and in order to hold him
responsible you must give him the power; but
Congress, very unwisely, as I think, and as the
President demonstrated in his message, has
taken that responsibility away from the head
of the Department and taken it upon itself.
Congress has said that the President and the
Secretary shall have no power of removal un-
less they can make out a ease of misconduct
in office. Mere ability to discharge the duties
successfully would be a difficult proposition to
establish upon a trial. So I say to the Senator
from Nevada the policy which he himself
helped to establish has taken away from the
head of the Department the responsibility that
ought to rest upon him. I think that the re-
sponsibility ought to rest where the Constitu-
tion has left it; and if the responsibility rests
there the justice that finds a lodgment in every
man's heart says that the power shall be left
there, too.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if the frauds had not -com-
menced before Congress undertook to inter-
fere with the tenure of office.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not examined
that subject with sufficient care to answer the
Senator's question. The date of the frauds
that have been perpetrated upon the Treasury
I do not know ; I shall not undertake to answer.
I have heard very much more complaint about
the failure to collect the revenues successfully
within the last year or so than I did before.
Perhaps it was because my attention was not
called to it; perhaps it was because of the
legislation in regard to certain articles of tax-
ation. I took occasion in some remarks on a
difference of opinion with the Senator from
New York [Mr. Coxki.ing] the other day to
express my opinion on that subject. I think
that the responsibility rests somewhat upon the
legislation of Congress on that question ; but
F do not care about going into a general dis-
cussion of it.
The question of the Senator from Nevada,
I think, was not pertinent to the subject I was
discussing. I want to know from the Sen-
ator from Nevada whether the Secretary of the
Treasury ought to be held responsible for the
safe-keeping of the public securities in that
Department, and whether, being held so respon-
sible, he ought not to have absolute control of
the appointment and removal of the particular
clerks that shall have their direct custody?
Now, if we leave such powers in the hands of
the Department, why legislate in regaid to
these other officers, who are quite as inferior as
the class I have referred to ?
Mr. CONKLING. When the Senator from
Nevada asked the Senator from Indiana how
far he deems the Secretary of the Treasury
responsible, the Senator from Indiana turns
around, of course not for political purposes,
of course not for effect outside of this Chamber,
but purely by way of persuasion upon this body,
and attempts to lay to the tenure-of-office bill
the responsibility which is to shield the Secre-
tary of'the Treasury. Now, sir, I want to an-
swer him by one remark, which is that his
argument, 1 submit, is utterly lame and utterly
futile, for this simple reason: the tenure-of-
office hi 11 leaves to the President of the United
States and the Secretary of the Treasury every
power, even to the uttermost, to remove men
from office which either of these officers ever
dared avow or confess they exercised before
that bill was passed. Why? Because it leaves
them perfectly free to suspend, without let or
liiuderance, any officer whatever for any act or
omission in his office which would constitute
a proper ground for removal. Beyond that
domain there is no ground except political pie-
judice or political preference, except the doc-
trine of political rewards and punishments,
which have nothing to do with the efficiency
of service.' Therefore, I put back to the Sea-
ator from Indiana the proposition which he has
presented to us over and over again on that
subject, and I say to him that the Secretary is
as free now as the Secretary ever was to sus-
pend any man and every man, either for act or
omission who deserves suspension;' and the
only supervisory power, the only power of any
sort, reserved to the Senate by the act in ques-
tion is the right afterward to scrutinize this
suspension and see whether it is set down to
the merits or set down to an unworthy political
account; and if in truth a man has been sus-
pended for cause, suspended for a meritorious
reason, this body consummates the suspension
and makes it a permanent removal; but if it
turns out that the officer did his duty, and being
honest has been suspended merely because he
would not sell his political principles, this body
reserves the right to say that also.
There is the end-all and the be-all of this
tenure-of-office bill in this respect, and I think
it will take more than even the skillful and
adroit practice of the distinguished Senator
from Indiana to put off—I will not say to palm
off, lest he might deem it offensive—upon the
public the idea that really these heads of De-
partments are to be discharged without blame
and without responsibility, because by law we
have been compelled to attempt to protect
honest men doing their duty and committing no
offense except voting as they choose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I do not
desire to continue this debate. I have made
this proposition, which is a very simple one, and
I supposed it would not excite any one. 'The
Senator from Nevada gave it a turn and direc-
tion which 1 did not anticipate, and now the
Senator from Now York chooses to give the
discussion somewhat of a political character.
I do not intend now to pursue the line of
thought which he has suggested, except to say
this: that every man knows that if the head of
a Department is to be held responsible for the
efficiency of his Department he must have the
control of it. We know thatin the prosecution
of private affairs a man who carries on a large
workshop or a manufacturing establishment
successfully must have the power of removal
and appointment absolute in his own hands;
and 1 say that that power which justifies respon-
sibility and which will secure efficiency in the
public service is materially impaired when you
qualify the right to remove by imposing upon
the xemoving power the duty to make out a
case upon a trial made up before the Senate.
No head of a Department can make his
Department efficient under legislation like
this, in my judgment; and the history of the
public service, from this time on, will illustrate
that; and I will undertake to say that when
the next presidential election shall have passed
over, and when experience shall have tested
this question, the very party in power that
enacted the tenure-of-office bill will repeal it
as a duty to the country. I look for the repeal
of that law within three years. I will help the
party in power, if 1 should be honored with a
seat here, at auy time that they propose its
repeal, and I shall be for throwing back upon
the President and upon the heads of Depart-
ments that responsibility for the discharge of
the public service which the Constitution, in
my judgment, places upon them.
Mr. CONKLING. That is all very good, I
think ; but the difficulty with what the Senator
says now is this: the head of a Department is
not called upon in suspending an officer to
make out any case whatever. On the contrary,
he suspends by a mere stroke of his pen,
mere fiat, just as much as he ever did; and he
is never called upon in the end to make out a
case except so far as he makes one by assign-
ing his reasons to.the Senate. Now, I say to
the Senator, whenever the head of any Depart-
ment for whom ho speaks shall send here the
suspension of recreant officers with his reasons
for doing it, and the Senate shall refuse to
assent and shall obstruct and hinder him by
caviling with the reasons which he assigns^ I
