3080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12>
instead of being economical, are the dearest
and naost cosily way of carrying on the Gov-
ernment. I make that as a general- remark;
and now I would submit to the Stenat'or from
Pennsylvania himself if you can,get a man
who has the character,, who can give the b6hd,
a heavy bond being required, and who is quali-
fied to undertake a business of this kind and
assume the responsibility, for'a less compen-
sation than is proposed by the Finance Com-
mittee, You cannot'. Yon do not want a
cheap man to undertake to settle up the busi-
ness of a bank with a million of assets. In
the first place, the cheap man could not give
the bond. You want a man who can give the
bond, and who has a character that will war-
rant the assurance that the business will be
done honestly. The amount of bond required
is as the Comptroller shall direct.
Take the case of a bank where the assets
are $1,000,000. I ask if you can find a man
who is able to give the bond required, who is
competent, who by his character can be trusted,
who has the business ability, who will under-
take to settle up the assets of that bank for
less than $10,000? and that is about all he could
get under the amendment of the committee.
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
says it would bo only about nine thousand dol-
lars. I say there is no competent man who
will undertake to settle up the affairs of a bank
involving $1,000,000, with all its responsibility,
it s trouble, and its anxiety, for less than $9,000.
Such a man cannot be found.
Mr. CAMERON. I beg the pardon of the
Senator from Indiana for interrupting him;
but I will put this case to him : he is a lawyer
living in the town of Indianapolis, following
his profession, a man of ability and integrity;
would he not undertake the settlement of the
affairs of a bank in the city of Indianapolis
for $9,000? It would not certainly take him
a year to settle it up ; and it would not inter-
fere with his other business, for he could prac-
tice his profession at the same time. Then he
should remember that the expenses of a re-
ceiver in the employment of a clerk, &c., are
allowed.
Mr. MORTON. A lawyer who would under-
take for the sum of $9,000 to settle up the
affaiis of a bank the assets of which are esti-
mated at $l,000,000would,lthink, beregarded
as a very cheap kind of lawyer, as a man who
estimated his own services at a very low rate.
I do not think I would undertake it at all,
unless I was out of business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to suggest
that I do not think my colleague would make
a very good receiver. He is too able a lawyer
for the place.
Mr. MORTON. I thank my colleague for
the compliment; but I will say this, that if I
were qualified for the business, whether as a
lawyer or a merchant, I would not undertake
that sort of responsibility and labor for a less
sum than is provided by the amendment of the
committee, unless I was out of business, was
hard up, and had to do something to make a
living for my family.
Mr. JOHNSON. "Very hard up?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, very hard up. Now,
sir, I believe in paying men according to the
responsibility and the character of the business
they are called upon to do. The idea of a man
undertaking to do a business involving the set-
tlement of $1,000,000 for the same rate of
compensation for which a clerk would be em-
ployed who has a regular and certain vocation
is contrary to all our notions of the dispatch
of responsible business.
If I was a stockholder in a bank, or if I was
a creditor of a bank, and that bank had to be
wound up in the way pointed out by this bill,
I would rather pay a good compensation to
the collector, and have him a responsible and
first-class man, than to employ a cheap man
at a low compensation and take the risk of
having (he whole thing fail and losing what I
had in it. I think the compensation fixed by
the committee is small enough in view of the
responsibilities to be incurred.
Mr. ITOWB. Mr. President, I think attor-
neys ought to have a fair pricc for their labor,
and I think receivers ought to have; but I re-
spectfully submit that the Senator from Indi-
ana marks his services rather too high. I do
not want to underbid any of my brethren in
the profession, but I do feel called upon to
say, in the interests of my family who are suf-
fering somewhat, that I will take this business
of winding up all the national banks at some-
thing less than ten thousand dollars on the
million. [Laughter.] It would amount to just
$3,000,000 that would come into my pocket
at that rate of compensation, and then the addi-
tional fees which are to be adjusted by the
courts would enable me to hire every lawyer
on this floor, secure every particle of profes-
sional and personal responsibility there is here,
and pay for it. I think under these circum-
stances I should be willing, being backed up
by all this professional talent and professional
responsibility, to take $3,000,000 for my share;
in fact, a little less than that. So I shall vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
But I rose to call the attention of the chair-
man of the committee to one point. I un-
derstood the chairman, the Senatorfrom Ohio,
to say that to guard against the consequences
of a resignation on the part of a receiver after
he had collected a portion of the assets, they
have.authorized the Comptroller to retain a
portion of the commissions until the work is
closed up. If that is the purpose of the pro-
vision, it seems to me that some, addition will
have to be made to it, because while it author-
izes the Comptroller to retain a portion of the
commission until the job be closed, it does not
leave him any sort of discretion as to what to
do with those commissions.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state to the Senator
that I have already a memorandum prepared
on the bill before me for the addition of a few
words to carry out the purpose in that respect.
Mr. HOWE. I merely wanted to call atten-
tion to that point.
Mr. CORBETT. I think that to meet the
case, as stated by the Senator from Ohio, the
provision ought to read somethingin this way:
that the commission allowed shall be three per
ccnt. upon the capital of a bank whose capital
does not exceed $100,000; two percent, upon
the capital of a bank whose capital exceeds
$100,000 and does not exceed $200,000: one
and one half percent, upon the capital of abank
of $200,000 and not exceeding $400,000, and
so on, fixing the amount according to the cap-
ital of the bank instead of three per cent, upon
the first $100,000 collected and a less amount
on the subsequent sums collected, because it
is evident to my mind that the most difficult
poition of the collections is upon the amounts
that are collected after the first $100,000 or
$200,000. For instance, where the capital of
a bank is $500,000, the first $100,000 will be
collected with comparative ease, while the
next $300,000 will be very difficult to collect.
1 think the provision ought to be amended in
the way I suggest.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Colo, Coukling, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds,
Ferry, bowler, Ilarlan, Hendricks, Howard, Howe,
McOreery, Patteison of Kew Hampshire, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Stewart, Tipton, Viekers, and Yates—23.
, NAYS—Messrs. Catteil, Conness, Corbett, Doo-
Httle, Drake, Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Ross, Sher-
man, Sumn er. Thay er, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Dixon, Grimes, Hen-
derson. Morrill of Maine, Norton, Nye, Patterson
of Tennessee, Saulsbury, Sprague, Trumbull, and
Wade—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Sir. SHERMAN. I will now offer an amend-
I ment to carry out the idea of the Senator from
Oregon. I move!, at the end of line sixteen of
the pending amendment of the committee, to
insert the words " whieh sum"—referring to
the half allowance reserved—" shall be paid to
the receiver, di- in Case*more than one-receiver
has acted, shall be apportioned among-the
several receivers by the Comptroller of the
Currency, according to equity."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, •
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that the Comptroller should be
directed to retain the one half, and therefore,
in line fifteen, the word "may" should be
stricken out and the word "shall" be inserted,
so as to require the Comptroller to reserve
one half.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment as it is
leaves to the Comptroller the distribution of
this fund, and it is scarcely worth while for us
to interfere by any peremptory direction.
Mr. CORBETT. I merely make the sug-
gestion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There may be cases where
the full amount should be paid to the old
receiver. I would rather leave it to the Comp-
troller.
Mr. FERRY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "courts," in.
the nineteenth line, the words :
And may invest the assets of the bank in their
hands in bonds of the United States while the affairs
of thebankarein proeessof liquidation, which bonds
shall be deposited with the Treasurer of the United.
States, subject to the order of the Comptroller of tho
Currency; and the receivers shall also make report
to the Comptroller of all their acts and proceedings,
and the Comptroller shall be authorized to sell such
bonds from time to time, in order to make the divi-
dends and payments provided for in the fiftieth sec-
tion of the act to which this act is supplementary.
The object of the amendment is to provide
for an injustice in the practical operation of
the present law. The fiftieth section now pro-
vides that all moneys received by the receiver
in his administration of the affairs of a bank
shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the
United States, subject to the order of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and that he shall
make a report to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency of all his acts and proceedings. The
effect of this is that where the affairs of a bank
are a long time in the process of liquidation—
and they are frequently years, growing out of
litigation—during the period of settlement the
assets are deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States, and if they are used at all the
Government gets the interest upon those assets
instead of that interest going to the stock-
holders, where it ought to go. I know of banks
in process of liquidation, receivers appointed,
where the receivers are now in litigation which
must occupy periods of from two to five years.
They are unable to invest the assets in their
own hands, compelled to pay them over to the
Treasury, where they lie idle; and thus, when
the affairs of the bank are finally closed and
the dividends declared, and what balance re-
mains is ready to be paid over to the stock-
holders, the amount which might have been
received by an investment in Government
bonds, as provided for in this amendment, is
lost to the stockholders.
Applications ha e been made to the Comp-
troller of the Currency to ascertain whether the
receivers might, instead of paying over tho
cash, invest these assets in Government bonds,
so that the income of these bonds might go to
tbe stockholders when the bank is finally wound
up; and they have been informed that as the law
now stands there is no other course but to pay
over the assets aud let them lie idle. It has
seemed to me, therefore, that this was a proper
place in this bill to make an amendment to the
law which is just and equitable, and, indeed,
necessary to the true interests of the stock-
holders in insolvent banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to make
amendments here without careful examination ;
but I do not see myself any objection to this
proposition. It simply enables the creditors
of the bank to get the interest on the money
while it is*in process of liquidation.
