IE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
think it will be high time to complain of the
law in that respect. Suffice it to say that the
rihoe pinches now in the fact that these men
are not suspended at all for dereliction of duty,
either in vacation or in session of the Senate,
and that the question does not arise whether
these officers would be sustained or not.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
This debate has run on very much longer than
I anticipated, and it is very clear that JL am in-
fringing on the time of my friend from Iowa.
I hope, therefore, Senators will let us come to
a vote on the question at once. They can vote
either way, of course.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I differ
very much from the views of the Senator from
New York on the nature and effects of the
tenure-of-office bill. I understand by that bill,
judging by the face of the statute, that the
President of the United States has no power
to suspend an officer for inefficiency or for a
Variety of causes such as have heretofore been
acted upon by the President and by heads of
Departments in the practical administration of
the Government. By the face of that law the
President is confined to two classes of objec-
tions against officers: first, official misconduct,
and second, complete incapacity for the per-
formance of the duties charged upon them.
The result is, that the President, before he can
proceed under the law in vacation, between the
sessions of the Senate, must have made up a
judgment against an officer in his own mind
that he has been guilty of a legal offense defined
by the statute, some form of official miscon-
duct, or that, by reason of insanity or some
other very extraordinary cause, he has become
utterly incapable of performing the duties of
the office. If he is merelyan inefficient.officer,
if he is merely a man of insolence to his supe-
riors, if he misconducts and misbehaves him-
self in a thousand different ways, he cannot be
touched unless the case comes within the two
classes of objections which I have mentioned
as defined by the statute. It hence follows
that the executive arm is paralyzed, and the
execution of the laws must be impeded, if this
statute continues in force.
Now, sir, what is the present bill, or rather
what is the section which the Senator from
Indiana proposes to strike out? It is simply
this; that the two Houses of Congress, acting
together by a bill or joint resolution which is
to have the effect of law, propose to turn cer-
tain men out of the offices which they now hold.
That is a plain proposition, although it is a
somewhat extraordinary one, somewhat novel,
a thing almost unheard of in the history of the
Government until within the last two years.
I believe we passed a bill somewhat similar
to this in regard to pension agents at one
time; but in the history of the Government
down until a very recent time this was un-
known—this mode of proceeding by the legis-
lative department of the Government—apower
of dismissal from office, a power to turn offi-
cers out of public trusts and employments
which they hold under law by Congress, the
two Houses acting by bill or joint resolution.
Then, sir, what more" does it propose / it
proposes at once to have all these offices filled
a«atn by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. It is not to relieve
the public service from a certain number ox
unnecessary officers. It is not to reorganize
any branch of the Government, to give it a
greater efficiency. It is simply to ge: nd of
particular men, to take away from them the
offices or employments which they hold, and
then without changing your administration or
reforming it in the slightest particular, wttout
attempting to reorganize it in any respect,
far as these particular officers are
you propose to take into the hands of the ben
ate and of the President conjointly the power
„P 
which this bill indicates ? Is it to be understood
hereafter that for a party purpose, or lor any
other purpose, such as has been hitherto un-
known in the history of the Government, Con-
gress from time to time are to dismiss particular
officers of the Government and then provide a
new mode for their appointment by which ille-
gitimate and alien interests will be consulted in
the administration of the Government?
Sir, I am against this whole scheme. _ I do
not believe Congress ought to meddle in any
way with appointments to office. I think it is
a duty that Congress cannot discharge. I think
it is to be regretted that there is 110 provision
in the Constitution which prevents the legis-
lative department from meddling with persons
who hold office in any way, except, perhaps,
by abolishing the offices themselves in case
reform is to be introduced into the practice of
the Government. Having said what I pro-
posed, Mr. President, I shall resume my seat-
Mr. CONKLING*. I do not wonder that the
tenure-of-office bill is, as obviously it is, a very
tender subject with our friends on the other
side 
Mr. BUCKALEW. If the gentleman will
excuse me, I will say that so far as my inform-
ation extends, and 1 have some on this sub-
ject, the majority of persons to be affected by
this section belong to the gentleman's own
party. There is no political interest involved
for which I am taking care at all.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is not speak-
ing of the precise thing of which I am speaking.
I atn speaking of that subject which is so very
tender with him and with his party friends, nat-
urally so, namely, that statute now upon the
books which prevents the President of the Uni-
ted States from prostituting all the patronage of
this Government for political purposes. That
is what 1 am talking about; that is what niy
friend has been talking about; that is what he
and leading Democratic gentlemen generally
are very sensitive about, and very justly so,
because if the work could have gone on as it
commenced; if there had been no teuure-of-
officebill; if the President, of the United States
and his friends had been able to put up for sale
to beraffled for by politicians the whole patron-
age of the country, I have no doubt he would
have been able to carry the business of demor-
alization and of political apostacy somewhat
further than he did carry it, and therefore it is
that on all occasions we hear from gentlemen
of a certain political denomination a great out-
cry with regard to the tenure-of-office bill.
This morning, in the case of the distinguished
Senator from Pennsylvania, it takes the form
of a denial of my assertion that this act leaves
the President the full power to purge public
place of every scoundrel and of every inefficient
man. That he denies, and that 1 repeat. 1
deny the assertion of the Senator when ho says
that this law implies that a man must commit
a crime or that he must be absolutely—I be-
lieve his word was "totally"—incapable before
he can be touchcd. Now let us see what it
provides. He is to be "guilty of misconduct
in office." What does that mean? Crime?
Does it mean crime? No, sir; because the
act proceeds, "or crime." The language is
"misconduct in office or crime.'' _ What is
" misconductin office" as contra-distinguished
from "crime?" Is it not any act of omis-
sion or commission in which the officer comes
short in his official obligations? If it does
mean that, suppose the act stopped there, I
should like to know what power in addition
to that you want to give to the Executive or
to anybody else in order to hold public offi-
cers to their accountability. If a man, as
a collector of the revenue may be^ removed
ill an instant for any act, for any omission, for
any dereliction which cannot be squared with
his whole duty in that place, what more do you
want? That is what this act provides; and
further, he may be suspended if "for any rea-
son" ho "shall become incapable"—not totally
incapable, as the Senator says, but incapable
in the ordinary meaning of that word—"or
legally disqualified to perform its duties."
Now when may he be suspended? Always;
in every case, there being no exception what-
ever, when the Executive, looking on with an
impartial eye, finds that in any respect, weigh-
ing him in the balance he is found wanting.
That is the case in which he may be suspended;
and then the Executive, at a proper time, shall
transmit to this body his reasons for that action.
That is the only shackle or incumbrance on
I do not wish to pursue this matter; but I
desire to say again that in spite of any argu-
ment which can be made, this'act leaves the
responsibility where it was before : and when-
ever, in the end, the Senate shall overrule the
Secretaries of the President or the President
himself in removing men for cause, it will be
hio-li time to attempt in that way to get rid ot
responsibility, but it will not do now.
Mr. BUCKALEW. One word. I thi&k the
Senator's language  _ '
Mr. HARLAN. I rise to a question ot order.
It is very manifest that this debate cannot term-
inate immediately, as was anticipated by the
Senator who has this bill in charge, but 1 do
not wish to interrupt the regular legislative busi-
ness of the Senate by any remarks I have pro-
posed to make; and I therefore move now that
the regular order of to-day be postponed until
Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. BUOKALEW. I should like to know
whether the Senator's motion is in order. I do
not understand what the point of order is.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator occupies the
floor by sufferance merely.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was not aware that 1
hold the floor by sufferance. I supposed I held
it by right, being assigned to it by the Chair.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A habit
has sprung up here that perhaps is not recog-
nized by any rule which we have, and that is,
when the morning hour has expired and busi-
ness is pending a motion is made to pass by
the regular order informally for the purpose
of finishing the* business under consideration.
1 suppose it is generally understood that it is
to continue but a short time; and without any
design it has been permitted to go on in that
way; but when it does go on I suppose the
Presiding Officer loses all power over it, and
it is like every other matter. I suppose the
Senator from Pennsylvania is in order, and if
he will not give way to a motion to proceed
with the other bill or to take it up he is not
obliged to do it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should have been
through by this time. What I was going to
observe was this: the language of the Senator
from New York, in response to me, I think, is
rather more vehement than forcible. He goes
over the face of the statute to which I alluded
andreads the words "official misconduct" and
"crime" and "incapacity," the very three
words which I supposed were tliere and upon
which my argument was based. What I said
before was that I supposed official misconduct
indicates or means some offense, just as the
term "misdemeanor" in the law indicates some
offense against the particular statute which
forbids the commission of misdemeanor by a
citizen. I repeat, sir, that from the face of the
statute yon cannot impute any power to the
President to remove a man from office because
he is inefficient. I said it required that he
should be totally incapable. I suppose it means
that he shall be really iucapable. That is all
I meant by the term " totally incapable." if
I used it. The prefix adds nothing to the
meaning of the word. It shall be a case of in-
capacity disqualifying a person entirely from
the performance of the duties of the office as
prescribed by law; but if he is inefficient he
cannot be removed, and just so in regard to
the other language. This " official misconduct''
must be something more than some mere im-
propriety; it must be something more than mere
falling short of that standard of official capacity
and official performance of duty required by
the public service.
ORDER 01 BUSINESS.
Mr. I-IARLAN. I now renew the motion I
made, that the regular order be postponed until
Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I
