1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2057
" Colonization is the antidote both for slavery and
that wild fanaticism which is far-spreading now, and
destined one day to rock this Union—it is the best
expedient both tor the blacks and the whites, bir,
by giving the blacks the right of suffrage, an ever-
lasting obstacle is thrown in the way of colonization—
it will chain them to us, and expose them to every spe-
cies of indignity and outrage on the election grounds.
Broils and bloodshed will be the inevitable conse-
quence of their attempts to vote, particul arly m large
and dense communities like this. But if you deny
themthe right to vote, you not only save them from
this danger, but you keep beforo them an abiding
lesson, that this is not their fit resting-place, and
that on tho luxuriant soil and in the genial climate
of the country of their ancestors, they could enjoy a
full mcasureof the privileges which are denied them
here. The amendment becomes another argument
for colonization, and as such is worthy ol all support.
" Sir, I believe the nogro race to be capable ot sell-
government, and if habits of industry be cultivated
among them in the colonies of western Africa, and
if care be taken to educate them, they may 111 our
day present the delightful spectacle ot a great, tree,
and prosperous people. Undoubtedly they deserve
civil and religious freedom, and with proper culture
are capable of enjoying it. Thither, then, mu d i
turn tho oyes and hopes of these people, ihither,
then, let them go with our political principles, and
establish govcrments alter our model, which may
protect them, and exert salutary effects on their fel-
low Africans, now ignorant of all the blessings of
civilization. And, sir, verily do I believe that the
much-wronged people of the South would add to the
tide of emigration by gradually abolishing slavery,
and sending their blacks to Africa, so that we might
hope that our country won id sec the day when .slavery
on her soil would be extinct—her whole population
white people, and this same Goverment still endur-
ing the glory of the world and tho fountain of inbnite
happiness.
message from t1ie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that that body had
passed a bill (H. II. No. 058) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 18G9, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested. .
freedmen's bureau, v/
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, when the
Freedmen's Bureau bill was under considera-
tion, 1 endeavored to obtain the floor to state
some of my objections to its passage, but was
unable to do so in consequence of tho very
limited time allowed for discussion on that
measure. I do not propose to-day, in view of
the fact that the bill has already passed this
House and is now pending in the Senate, to
attempt anything like a discussion of the merits
of the measure or to submit in detail the many
objections I have to the enactment of that bill
and of all prior bills on this subject which have
been passed during the last as well as the pres-
ent Congress.
So long as the doctrines of the Dred Scott
decision, as they are frequently termed, pre-
vailed in this country—which were in substance
that the negro was an inferior race, not a part
of the governing power of the country, not a
party to the social compact which organized
in the first place the governments of the States
and afterward the Government ot the united
States—there was to my mind some reason,
some apology for attempting to govern the col-
ored people of the country by different laws
from those by which the white people were
governed. We were justified under that theory
in treating them as an alien element among
us, as the people of another country, another
nation. .
Upon that theory wc might with some degree
of consistency enact this Freedmen's Bureau
bill and continue in force the law on that sub-
ject. But, sir, I submit in all seriousness that
since the passage of the civil rights bill, which
is now a part of the law of the land and en-
forced, I believe, by all the Departments of
the Government—at all events never yet de-
clared to be unconstitutional by the courts of
the country, at least the courts of last resort—
I submit that to attempt now, in view of this
condition of things, to govern the negro race
in this country by separate laws and by an
independent bureau is absurd in theory as^ it
is pernicious in practice. If they are, in point
of fact, as the other side claim they are. a part
of the governing power ot this country, really
citizens of the United States, entitled to enjoy
fee right of elective franchise, then, sir, I think
the commonest consistency requires no greater
means shall be taken for their protection than
for the protection of any other class of citizens.
Therefore this proposition, that by a sort of
military authority they shall be governed and
special care taken of them, is a gross violation
of those very principles of equality which gen-
tlemen asked for when they passed the civil
rights bill, and which rnns through all the other
legislation of Congress peculiarly alfecting the
southern States.
But., sir, my principal object was to have a
letter read from a gentleman formerly from my
State, and who for many years was a distin-
guished officer of the Federal Army, whose loy-
alty, integrity, and intelligence no one doubts
who is acquainted with him. He presents some
of the objections to this measure more forcibly
and graphically than I can, for he is now a resi-
dent of one of these southern States, and, of
course, has better opportunities to know the
practical workings of the Freedmen's Bureau,
and I will have this letter read, especially since
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
stated that opposition to this bureau came from
none other than disloyal sources. It is a pri-
vate letter and was not intended for publica-
tion, and I do not propose to disclose his name
at present. I ask the Clerk to read all but the
name and the last two lines.
The Clerk read as follows:
Vicksbcbg, December 26,18S7.
Deak Sir.: I seo by the papers here that Major
General Gillcm has been sent by General Ord, com-
manding this department, to tlio capital to represent
tho suffering condition of tho freedmon and to ask
aid from the Government in their behalf. Tho order
says their condition has been brought on by the
bankruptcy of the planters, and wants them to be
fed, and especially tiioso who are armed, to prevent
a war of races. It seems tome that any legislation
or action having this object in view would bo unwise
and entail unnecessary additional burdens, in the
way of taxes, upon tho people of tho country. .Noth-
ing, in my opinion, has done so much to render the
freedmen worthless and indifferent as to working
for their support as this fostering care of tho Gov-
ernment. They are about convinced that they will
betaken care of at all hazards, and do not care a
fig whether they try to support themselves or not.
They are much more responsible, next to the Freed-
men's Bureau, for the present condition of things
than any one elso. In tho beginning of tho season
just closed inducements were held out to the plant-
ers and to the merchants by tho military to employ
the freedmon and furnish them lands, provisions,
clothing, and all means necessary to cultivate the
crops. In most cases contracts were made to work
on the shares, tho freedmon to have one half the
crop, tho cost of his supplies and clothing to be de-
ducted therefrom. It is a notorious fact that they did
not half work, and at til c close of the season there wero
but low instances in which tho entire crop would pay
for tho supplies alone, much less tho use of tho land,
stock, and implements. Tho freedmen, not being
able to see how they must labor all the year and
come out in debt, run to tho bureau with their com-
plaints of fraud, &c„ and an Older is too readily and
willinglv issued upon this ex parte testimony all m
tho interest of the freedmen and against tho planter
and the merchant. The entire course, so tar, looks
as though it was intended to teach tho freedmen to
repudiate their contracts and to lot those who have
supported them whistle for their pay.
General Ord has even gone so far as to issue an
order making the crop of this year liable lor tho
claims oi those who worked on tho same place last
year, thus, in somo instances, entirely setting aside
tho claim of the merchant who led and clothed the
freedmen who made this year's crop. The planters
are not only bankrupt, as General Ord says m his
order sending General (hllom to "Washington, but
tho merchants arc great sufferers. Tho course of pro-
ceeding 1 have mentioned may bo a temporary ad-
vantage to the frccdman, but, if I am not very much
mistaken, it will prove ahardship to him in the end,
and unless the Government does take charge of them
as so many paupers there will be actual suffering
among them in the future. Jf they are to be privcn
all the benefiis and bear none of the burdens; it this
officious and rather indifferently administered bureau
is to be heieto step in and act as commission racr-
chant (as tbe one here does) and appropriate the pro-
ceeds as it suits their tastes, regardless of the inter-
ests of any one, I cannot scewlio will be silly enough
to furnish lands and stock and clothing and food lor
the freedmen to operate upon m tho future, unless,
indeed, it be some men in Congress who know little
of the tiue situation and care less.
The only real concern the Ireedmen hereabouts
have manifested was notmany dayssinco, when Gen-
eral Gillom issued an order reciiurmg them to go to
work, if only for their board, or be treated as va-
grants. Now that they have learned ho is on a, mis-
sion to Washington they have quieted their fears,
and, like tho ever hopeful Micawber, are waiting
for something to turn up." As long as the Govern-
ment keops turning it up for tnem they will not. as a
rule, be anything but a burden. I do hope that no
legislation, as contemplated in General Gtllem s mis-
sion, will be worked through. Itwould certainly bo
unjust to the tax-payer and injurious to the freed-
men. There is no excuse for suffering in this produc-
tive country for the want of food except pure indo-
lence or miserable management. This, I think, is a
fair representation of affairs here in a brief way.
Hon. William E. Niblack, M. C.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
attempt to enlarge npon what I have already
said or the suggestions contained in that letter.
Similar testimony comes to us from other
sources all oyer the South.
I have no question myself, and never have
doubted so long as the fostering care of this
Government is continued as it now is by the
Freedman's Bureau, the colored people of the
southern States will continue_ to be, _ag they
have all the time been since thoir emancipation,
aburden upon the Government; while, in the
meantime they will acquire none of the habits
of industry and of reliance which will make
them a self-sustaining people. Sooner or later
they must bo thrown upon their resources, and
I know no reason, if they are ever to take
care of themselves, why they should not begin
now. To attempt to perpetuate this Freed-
men's Bureau is to perpetuate the anomalous
condition of things which the people of this
country will not always patiently submit to.
But, sir, I will not occupy the attention of the
House longer to-day, and now thank the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wood-
ward] for his courtesy in yielding to me.
admission 01? alabama.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a word for Alabama. I took occasion, not
long ago, to say something before the House
about reconstruction, and to put upon record
certain written evidence of the condition of pol-
itics in that State. I have felt much interest
in her affairs. I have been particularly at-
tracted in that direction, because among hei
loyal and struggling thousands, who are en-
deavoring to take her from the thralldom of sla-
very and rebellion, are many earnest, honest,
and reliable men who are sons of Maine.
Circumstances have thrown me of late into a
considerable correspondence and sympathy
with them. For one, sir, I am earnest for her
admission now under the bill which is at this
time before us. There are, to my mind, press-
ing reasons for such a measure.
In my opinion, sir, it would exceedingly en
courage and gratify the people of the wliol«
country to see Alabama in her place among
the States. The country would feel greatly re-
joiccd to see some progress in the work of re-
construction. Itwould be a step forward. ^ Tt
would show the world that we are advancing
in the execution of our plan. The great masses
will patiently wait for us if we only show signs
that the work is actually going on. It has now
been about, three years since actual hostilities
ceased, and but one of all the seceding States
has been brought back again; and who does
not recollect and appreciate the thrill of joy
that ran over this nation when Tennessee was
readmitted! It was an augury of the future.
It stopped the mouth of our enemies, who
denied our desire and purpose to bring back
the rebellious States as soon as it could be
done, and maintain the dignity and safety of
the nation. It did much toward conferring
power upon the party having the responsibility
for the government of the land. And how well
has Tennessee maintained herself! But for
that act of restoration she might to-day have
been controlled by the withering influence of
rebellion ; instead of which she is now repre-
sented upon this floor by a Maykabd and a
Mullins, a Thimble and Stokes, and other elo-
quent and loyal sons. The prompt and liberal
action of Congress toward Tennessee gave her
a wonderful impulse in her determination to
be loyal and free. May we not to-day make
Alabama as proud and patriotic a State._ IJie
people are looking for our efforts to bring o
the discordant portions of our country in
a harmonious whole; let us give them this
experiment—let others follow.
The rejection of Alabama would terribly dis
V
