4106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Washington Territory. It is to furnish two
shops with all the necessary tools and imple-
ments to carry them on. It is an utter impos-
sibility to do that on $300.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put. the question again.
Ihe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAUL AN. I did not understand how
the previous amendment was decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was re-
jected.
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator from
Missouri consent to that?
Mr. HENDERSON. I made no opposition,
the oenatorirorn Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] voted
against it.
Mr. CORBETT. I voted for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think it ought to
remain as proposed to be amended. I call
tor a division on that question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Missouri desire to have the ques-
tion stated again ?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask to have it taken
again. I observe that it is for the support of
an industrial school, and it occurs to me tha
$1,500 is not sufficient to support an industrial'
school. 1
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course not.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will he stated again.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say a word. The
Senator well knows, as I have informed the
Senate, that I disagree to the raising of all
these appropriations. I believe them to be
as unnecessary as fifth wheels to coaches, and
I believe them as useless. I have voted stead-
% agaitist them right along for a page or
two, and nobody voted for them; but they have
been pronounced carried, which I took as con-
clusive evidence that I amounted to nothing,
being the only vote against them and nobody
voting for them. [Laughter.] This one
amendment was put, and for some reason or
other, the Presiding Officer, the present Presi-
dent not being then in the chair, reversed his
ruling. I voted against that, and nobody voted
for it, and for a wonder that was declared lost.
The Senator from Missouri heard it. He did
not call for any division. He acquiesced in
the ruling of the Chair at the time.
The Senator from Iowa says thai the appro-
priation in the bill is not sufficient to support
an industrial school. During vacation—1 can-
not leave just at present, at least I cannot
leave until this bill isdisposed of—but as soon
as I am released, I will go up there and keep
an industrial school for the amount of money
appropriated here. Jf you want to appropri-
ate more money, vote it. I object to voting it
now becauete^Ljias been disposed of once.
There is n*4W|Wt>n to reconsider.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 will move to reconsider
thevote on that amendment if the Senator
desires us to be perfectly formal in this matter.
Mr. HOWE. I want to be very formal about
this.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can tell the Senator
that they have the school in operation there.
There are three hundred and twenty males and
three hundred and sixty females in the tribe,
and there are thirteen males and six females
in the school.
Mr. HOWE. Is that in the industrial school?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBE'lT. These children have to he
supported. We have taken them from their
parents, and they are supported and boarded
in the school.
Mr. HARLAN. And clothed also.
Mr. CORBETT. And clothed. I should
like to know how you can support an industrial
school in that country on $1,500 in greenbacks,
at seventy cents on the dollar.
Mr. FRliLINGHU YSEN. How much is the
appropriation ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I propose to make it
S2,."iUU instead of $1,500. I cannot see how
thev can get along with $1,500. There are
twenty scholars in ihe school.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to state, also, that
I voted for the amendment, but the Chair did
not appear to hear my vote.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on reconsidering the vote on the amend-
ment in line six hundred and ninety-nine, strik-
ing out $1,500 and inserting $2,500.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
1 he next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and seven, to strike out " throe" and
insert " four;" so that the clause will read :
lor ninth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and physi-
cian who snail furnish medicines for tho sick, per
eleventh article treaty 31st January, 1855, $1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and twenty-three, in the appropriations
for the Miamips of Kansas, to strike out "eight''
and insert "nine so that the clause will read:
For permanent, provision for blacksmith and assist-
ant and iron and steel for shop, per fifth articlo
6S,9otober>1818'and fo«rth article treaty June
5, 18ol, SM0.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-
ment will be made unless objected to.
Mr. HOWE. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was inline seven hun-
dred and fifty-eight, in the appropriations for
the Molet Indians, to strike out '-91,000" and
to insert "$1,500;" so that the clause will
read:
For ninth of ten installments for keeping in repair
saw and llourmg mills, and for the pay of necessary
employes, the benefits of which to be shared alike by
all the confederated bands, per second article treaty
21st December, 1855, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and sixty-four to strike out "one" and
insert " two so that the clause will read:
For ninth of ton installments for tho pay of a car-
penter and joiner to aid in erecting buildings and
making furniture for said Indians, and to furnish
tools in said service, per second articlo treaty 21st
December, ISoj, SJ.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and sixty-eight,, to strike out "$1,200"
and insert "$3,000;" so that the clause will
read:
For pay of teachers to manual labor school, for all
necessary materials therefor, and for tho subsistence
Per second articlo tieaty 21st December,
-looo, £o,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and seventy-eight, in the appropriations
for the Nisquallv, Puyallup, and other tribes
and bands of Indians, to strike out " $4,000"
and insert " $6,700;" so that the clause will
read :
. For fourteenth of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician who shall lurnish med-
icine to the sick, carpenter, and iarracr, per tenth
article treaty December, 183*, S6.7U0.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven hun-
dred and eighty-four to strike out "eight" and
insert "fifteen;" so that the clause will read:
For fourteenth of twenty installments for thesup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
support of smith and carpenter shop, and providing
the necessary tools therefor, in conformity with tenth
article of the treaty of December 26, 1854, SI,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred, in the appropriations for the Nez Perce
Indians.to strike out "two" and insert "three;"
so that the clause will read : :
For ninth of twenty installm ents for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of teaching and two
teachers, per fitth article treaty 11th Juno, 1855
sfo,2u0. '
'The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and ten, to strike out "§8,000" and in-
sert '$>9,400;" so that the clause will read :
For ninth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of one superintendent of farming, and two
farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one wagon and
plow-maker, per fifth article treaty, Uth June, 1835,
$9,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and twenty-two, after the word "thou-
sand" to insert "four hundred so as to make
tho pay of a physician for the tribe, §1,400.
The amendment was sgreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and twenty-six, to strike out "two" and
insert "three so as to appropriate $300 for
keeping in repair the buildings of employes
and providing the neeessary furniture therefor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and fifty-one, to strike out " three" and
insert "live so as to appropriate $500 to keep
the blacksmiths' shops m repair and stockod
with the necessary tools and materials.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
nine hundred and twelve, the following :
Ottawas:
To roplaco a sum taken from annuities of Ottawas,
&c„ $1,250 30.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and filty-three, in the appropriations for
the Poncas, to strike out " two" and insert
"five;" so that the clause will read:
For last of ton installments for the establishment
and maintenance of one or more manual-labor
schools, under tbo direction of the President per
second article treaty 12th March, 1858, &j,000. '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and sixty-two, to strikeout " $3,000" and
insert " $7,500;" so that the clause will read:
l or last of ten installments, or during the pleasure
oi tho .President, to be expended in furnishing said
with &ueh aid aud a&si&taiice in agricultural
and mechanical pursuits, including tho working of
thennil provided for in the first part of this article,
as the {secretary ot the Interior may consider advan-
iom Pcr second article
ticaty 12th -March, Ibob, S<,dG0.
'Ihe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one thou-
sand and one, in the appropriations for the
Pottowatomies, to strike out ' • two" and insert
fiveso that the clause will read :
For education, daring the pleasure of Congress
per third article treaty of October 16, 1826, second
ai iic.c (i caly bcpteinber 20, 1828, and fourth artiolft
treaty October 27,1832, $5,0<J0. article
The amendment was agreed to.
Ihe next, amendmentwas to insert after line
one thousand and twenty-one the following ;
For this amount, to beohargedtothePottowninmio
fund, to enable the President of the United States to
carry out the provisions of the third article treatt
.November 15,18(51, with the Pottowatomfe InJians
as modified by the treaty of March 20,1SW by paying
hundred members of the tribe who hivf
eleeted to become citizens m accordance with said
aiticle, the proportion of the cash value of the PoN
v7a,tP-m,|0 annuities to which they are entitled
$317,boo Jb, or so much thereof as may be nceessarv
to comply with the provisions of said treatil^nF
which amount $110,091 71 is horebv nnnr.vm-i , i ■
com, as contemplated in treatie? nt ifnfL i
1801, and March'20, 4(3 • and ^thl Sectary ^ofthe
tea i 01
realize the sum of $59,779 81, or so mucl a?ma/hl '
neeessary under said treaties, it being the sWe
the above-mentioned six SD.aie oi
bonds belonging to said Indians. per-uns m the
The amendment was agreed to.
Ihe next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and thirty-six, in the appropriations for
the Quapaws, after the word "dollars" tn
insert the following proviso :
Provxded. Xhat this sum oFf,,,,,,,...
(. unexpended balancc her7t,?t i 8 . Wlt'1 any
employment, of a toer ± ® h«D,I?PJ"1-ateifor tllB
chase of such articles ofto'n!f1 j i ■ ln pur"
thought necessary in the a? may be
of tho interior. undeletion ot the secretary
The amendment was agreed to.
dred ande1'o,.Hmend™entuWas line ten
thp Oui-rmi ah Slx' appropriations for
strike o„t u ?"d Q^'kli-ute Indians, to
stake out "one" and insert "two-" so that
the clause will read: '
For ninth of twenty installments for the support
