1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
tion ia in order I insist upon it. If it is not I
shall submit to the ruling of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is not aware of any other motion pending. The
Senator from Rhode Island moves that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion mentioned by him.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask if that is in order? Was there not a prior
motion pending before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not that
the Chair is aware of.
Mr. CONNESS. I submitted a motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
bill in charge of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire. There has been some suc-
ceeding business, but it has been done by unan-
imous consent. I have said, however, that if
the bill be taken up the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island can get his resolution considered
by general consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the Senate
resume the consideration of the bill (S. No.
269) in addition to an act entitled ilAn act to
regulate the tenure of certain civil offices."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up the resolution
to which I have referred. It will save time
and trouble to dispose of it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done by unanimous consent, there
being another question pending. The Chair
hears no objection, however, and the resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the reports
of the majority and minority of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia in regard to tho sus-
Sension of Hon. Edwin M. Stanton from the office of
ecretary of War be printed for the use of tho
Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move now the amend-
ment which I mentioned on a former occasion,
to include in the resolution also the message
of the President, of the United States to the
Senate assigning his reasons for the suspension
of Mr. Stanton.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
the passage of this resolution, if the Senate
thinks it ought to be passed ; but I wish to ask
of the Senator having the resolution in charge
why he proposes to publish an extra number
of copies of these documents? It is the first
case, to be sure, or one of thefirst cases, under
the tenure-of-office bill; but it is a ease that is
likely to occur very frequently hereafter, where
the President suspends some officer andthe
Senate does not agree to the reasons he assigns
for the suspension. Then are we to publish
and send to the country, for the vindication of
somebody, either the President or the officer,
extra numbers of the documents in all such
cases? What is there in this? Is it on the
idea that the Secretary of War is a high officer?
A collector of revenue may be a high officer,
or he may be a low officer, and yet his vindica-
tion before his people is a thing that is as dear
to him as a Cabinet offi cer's reputation can be to
him. Is it to be understood that we are going
to publish extra numbers of the correspondence
that shall take place whenever there is a sus-
pension from office? I have no objection to
ihc publication; but the papers are all before
the country now, so far as that is concerned,
and I do not see that the public interests are
to be promoted by the commencement of the
policy of publishing documents m all these
cases. . .
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not like much to
interfere with this business of printing; it may
be that it is a question upon which 1 am not
competent to decide ; but I concur with what
the Senator from Indiana has said about the
necessity of printing this large number of these
reports. The document is perhaps a valuable
one in one point of view, but it certainly does
not convey any great amount of information to
the people ; and there are no persons in this
country, I presume, or certainly but few per-
sons who take interest enough in political mat-
ters to know what is transpiring in Congress,
who have not already read and examined these
reports. They were upon an exciting ques-
tion ; they were published in all the newspa-
pers ; they were read everywhere; they have
been commented upon, and the people under-
stand what they contain. The public printing
business, as it appears to me, has vastly accu-
mulated ; it imposes a large tax upon the pub-
lic Treasury; and although this particular doc-
ument may not involve the expenditure of any
very great amount of money, yot we might as
well begin to stop the small leaks if wo can,
and then we shall be prepared to approach the
larger ones, and establish, if possible, retrench-
ment in this respect. I know that there are
many documents which are valuable, which
ought to be preserved, which are valuable for
reference, for the information which they con-
tain; but so far as this report is concerned, it
seems to me to be an unnecessary expense to
publish it and tax the Treasury with tho amount
necessary to pay for the publication.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Printing how much it will cost to publish
the number proposed of this document.
Mr. ANTHONY. The original resolution
as reported by the committee would involve a
cost of from sixty-five to seventy dollars. I do
not know how much the printing of the Presi-
dent's message will add to it; but any Senator
can judge. I do not know how much this de-
bate has cost; but I think it has cost a good
deal more than it will to print the document.
Mr. POMEIiOY. Are all these documents
to be printed in one pamphlet?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I am opposed to the
whole of it. T would not send out one of them.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. I am opposed usually to
extra printing. 1 shall vote for this, however,
and I beg to state why. I think if this docu-
ment is printed in extra copies the people more
generally may see it, somewhat more generally
than they have already, and I want them to see
it, because I want them to know how the ten-
ure-of-office bill^Yorks. We have heard a good
deal about that this morning ; we hear about it
very frequently; and I think this is a very g-ood
opportunity to explain to the public the work-
ings of that statute. They will be able to see
from this how far the President is hampered in
removing men for cause ; and they will be able
to see for what class of reasons he does inter-
fere with officers and attempt to expel them.
They will also be able to see the grounds upon
which the Senate act in holding some check
upon presidential power. I do not think there
will ever be a better illustration of it.
Senators say it will often occur. It will not
often occur in a pioneer case like this, in a
large case which is in the white of the public
eye, as this has been. It has the charm of nov-
elty, and it is quite large in proportion ; and
therefore I think it is an excellent occasion to
put out a general advertisement of the work-
ings of the tenure-of-office bill, to the end that
the people may see whether it is true on the
one side that the purpose of that law is to keep
honest men in office, or whether it is true as
alleged on the other side that the purpose is to
prevent the expelling of dishonest and ineffi-
cient officials. Therefore I wish to have the
extra copies printed and circulated.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope this resolution
will be indefinitely postponed. I cannot sec
any reason why we should now proceed to pub-
lish this document. In the first place, every
word of it has peen published. You cannot
get any newspaper to publish it now without
paying for it, because it has already been pub-
lished. Of course, the expense of printing this
document will be very small ; perhaps it will
not exceed one hundred dollars ; but why pub-
lish it at all? If the Senate intends to do up
a package of these things and send my propor-
tion of tliom to my committee-room, I give
notice that I will not send out one of them. I
do not send out to my constituents any speeches
that I do not like myself. I do not gather up
all speeches and messages that are opposed to
me and send them out. I send out nothing
that I do not believe in and consider to be
right. I send out such documents as I believe
will do good, not such as I believe will do hurt.
I believe half of this document will 'do injury
wherever it goes.
Mr. CONKLING. Will not the other half
counteract it?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not send out medi-
cine in that way. I send out such things as I
think will do good, such as I believe in. If
you do up these things together I would not
have them circulated at all. I move the in-
definite postponement of this resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am quite indifferent
personally what disposition the Senate makes
of this resolution; but I wish to have it dis-
posed of. It was thought by the committee
that inasmuch as this was the first case under
the tcnure-of-office law, and a case of very great
importance, in which the matter had attracted
the public interest very largely, and as it was
fully argued in the reports, and especially as
the resolution proposes to publish a document
embodying the views of both sides, since it has
been amended very properly on the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania to include the
President's message, it would be a fair docu-
ment for publication, especially as the cost is
very slight.
But, sir, I wish to correct one error into which
my friend from Oregon has fallen, and which
everybody else seems to have fallen into—and
I can never get anybody to listen to me when
I attempt to correct it—and that is that the con-
gressional printing has enormously increased.
The congressional printing is less to-day than-
it has been at any time since I have been
connected with public affairs, and I believe I
have been on the Printing Committee during
the whole period of my service here. The rea-
son why the cost of public printing looms up
so largely in the public eye is that now, since
we have all the printing done at the Govern-
mental establishment, it takes in all the Depart-
ment printing. The printing of the Treasury
Department alone is enormous. All the blanks,
all the forms, all the returns for the internal
revenue aie printed at the Government Print-
ing Office ; and then, when the total is laid
before us, people exclaim, "How enormously
extravagant Congress has been in printing
public documents!" The fact is that there are
fewer public documents printed now than ever
before since I have been connected with that
department of the public service. Documents
of which we formerly printed ten thousand are
cut down by law to four thousand, three thou-
sand, or two thousand, and some of them are
not printed at all.
I have attempted several times to correct
this misapprehension, which is very general,
and seems to bo nowhere more prevalent than
among Senators, who ought., before they make
such statements, to examine the report of the
Superintendent of Public Printing. *
Mr. II0"\\E. Mr. President. I am in hopes
that this resolution will be agreed to by the
Senate, not that I am so very anxious to have
these reports go to the public, not that I think
the safety ot the nation depends upon their
going to the public. I am well satisfied the
Republic would exist if these reports were not
sent out; but 1 r-hould be extremely sorry to
see the Senate of tho United States refuse to
send these papers out. They all belong to-
gether ; they are the statement of one case.
A year ago you put upou the statute-book a
law intended to restrict the power of the Pres-
ident over the patronage of the Government,
over the officers and offices of the country ;
and under the provisions of that law the Pres-
ident undertook to remove from office an ob-
noxious Secretary. In accordance with the
provisions of that law he felt called upon to
