3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. WILSON.- In drawing the amendment
I wont on the assumption that the circulation
was $700,000,000. _ We have $300,000,000 of.
bank-note circulation, and may have a circu-
lation of $400,000,000 of legal-tender notes.
I havfl no idea that any of the national bank
circulation is to be withdrawn from any por-
tion of tho country. We were forced into this
system by the needs of the country. We had
$00,000,000 of banking capital in the State
of Massachusetts when the war began. We
received from it into our State treasury $600,000
a year in the way of taxes. We freely turned
our State banks into national banks. We were
pressed to do it, and we acted promptly. The
same is true of the older States, and conse-
quently they received more than their pro-
portion of the national bank circulation of
$300,000,000. Sir, I wish every legal-tender
note could be converted into banking capital,
and the banks forced to enter upon the policy
of redeeming their bills in specie. Let us
compel them to keep the specie they receive
from this Government and use it for no other
purpose but redemption. The banks are
making large profits now, and will do so if we
impose this condition upon them. It would be
the beginning of a movement for returning to
specie payments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I propose to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, by offering the following as
a substitute, to come in at the end of section
five.
The_ PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The Senator's amend-
ment will be in order when this amendment is
disposed of. The pending amendment is an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read, that we
may hear what it is.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will read
what I propose. It is to add to the section :
And upon the issue of any increased national cir-
culation provided for in this section the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to
permanently withdraw an equal amount of United
States notes.
Mr. President, if it shall be the sense of the
Senate, in conformity with the views of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, not
to rai:e great financial questions at the present
time, I insist that we shall place this measure
before the country so that it shall neither in-
crease nor diminish the amount of circulation
now in existence. I understood at the time
we passed the resolution restraining the Secre-
tary of the Treasury from further withdrawing
any part of the United States notes, that there
was no member of the Senate, not even the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, who
would go for the increase of a single dollar
more of circulation. Now it is proposed to
increase the amount of banking circulation to
the extent of $20,000,000. I do not object to
that under the circumstances, provided wo can
withdraw an equal amount of United States
notes.
Mr. President, there is no more imperious
duty resting upon Congress at the present
moment than to provide some way by which
we can escape from the evils of an irredeem-
able paper currency. If the Senate are not
prepared for a more rapid progress, let them
institute free banking to take the place of our
United States notes ; but I do not believe that
at the present moment we are prepared to
mature such a system as will receive a majority
of the votes of this body, or the other, at the
present session.
I admit the inequality of the amount of cir-
culation that is now held by the various States.
It is reasonable and proper that we should sup-
ply the southern States with some means by
which they can move their crops. At the
present moment they are entirely destitute of
any banking capital except in a very limited
number of points. I do not suppose that all
this amount will be required by the southern
States ; but if it were, I think they would have
a right to monopolize it in preference to any
other States. But if we grant this, shall we
not come back to the principle of retiring an
equal amount of United Slates notes 1
1 know it may be said that we are withdraw-
ing a circulation that now bears no interest
and issuing another that will bear interest.
Mr. President, if that argument is valid to-day,
there never can come a time when it will not
be valid. If the argument is good to-day for
riot withdrawing the greenback currency, be-
cause it is of no cost to the Government of the
United States, that argument will exist for-
ever. I should regret to see the Senate taking
a Course that would seem to sanction such a
policy as that.
I have expressed on former occasions my
opinion in relation to this subject, and I do
not propose to go into any argument now in
relation to the impolicy of an irredeemable
paper currency as it affects our industrial
interests, or as it affects taxation or our ex-
penditures. They are sufficiently obvious.
But I do insist that if we are to launch this
measure we shall launch it in such a way that
we shall not raise the question as to whether
we are inflating or diminishing the currency;
that we shall do as much in one direction as
the other. I should be glad to do very much
more ; I think it would be for the best inter-
ests of the country if we could do very much
more; but I do not propose to occupy the time
of the Senate. I have said all I desire to say
on the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Chair understood
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
to be an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iunderstand
it is not now in order, being an amendment in
the third degree, and therefore I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
now finds that the Senator from Vermont
moved an amendment to that portion of the
bill proposed to be stricken out, and therefore
it is in order, and is before the Senate, because
it proposes to amend that portion which the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to strike
out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I offer
the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I hope
the amendment offered by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will be rejected, be-
cause it is a direct proposition to inflate the
currency, and that to a very considerable
amount.
Mr. WILSON. I have modified it in that
respect.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose we hear it read
as it is modified.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment immediately before the Senate is the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that, but
I should like to hear the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, as modified, read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for the information of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
modified, is to strike out all of section five after
the word " of," in the fourth line, and to insert:
One hundred million dollars ; and in issuing: such
circulating notes preference shall be given to bank-
ing association in State* and sections of the country
not adequately supplied with banking facilities. But
whenever the amount of United States notes and
circulating notes of national banks combined shall
be m excess of &650,000,000, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized and required to retire and
cancel United States notes to the extent of such
excess until the whole amount of United States notes
standing shall be reduced to $250,000,000.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, so mod-
ified it is a proposition to inflate only to the
amount of $5,000,000, as 1 understand it; that
is, the difference between $645,000,000, the
amount of currency now said to be outstand-
ing, and $050,000,000, the amount proposed,
and to substitute for a non-interest bearing cur-
rency national bank currency which indirectly
bears interest, six percent, being paid upon
iph 10 The same
interest,
the bonds upon which it is based.
objeotioh is applicable, also, to the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Vermont,
as that amendment provides for retiring United
States notes in the same act by which we issu§
national bank currency, and for retiring an
amount equivalent to the issue; and thus a
currency which costs interest is to be put afloat
to the amount of $"20,000,000. It is true, no
doubt, that it is to be based upon bonds already
in existence, and so the interest account of
the Government is not to be increased, unless
bond3 are to be issued and sold to get the
$20,000,000 United States notes which are to
be retired. Should this be necessary it does
create a fresh interest account against the Gov-
ernment upon the whole issue proposed.
I rose, however, to avail myself of the lib-
erty which other Senators have assumed, to
say a word generally in reference to finan-
cial management. Considerable animadver-
sion has been made iu this Chamber, and
in the country, upon the fact that the present
Congress has not dealt with the question of
funding the public debt; and to this particular
point public attention has been largely attracted.
Observers suppose that with an easy money
market, and with securities of the Government
maturing which are to be met by payment, the
Secretary of the Treasury is issuing bonds bear-
ing six per cent, interest, payable in coin, equiv-
alent to eight per cent, in currency, with ex-
emption from taxation equal to upward of one
per cent. more. This is thought a singular
anomaly, when we consider the confidence
established all over the world now in the stocks
of the United States.
I was a listener recently to a conversation
in which persons of some financial experience
took part, at which this question was con-
sidered, and at which the suggestion was made
that this was not in any respect the fault of
Congress, that it did not arise from a want of
legislation, and that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had now all the power that could bo prop-
erly conferred upon him to adapt the bonds
he might issue to the best terms to be obtained
in the money market. This suggestion was
met by a denial—by a statement that the coun-
try constantly sustained a loss in this behalf,
and that the loss was owing to the laches or
default of Congress. It was asserted that the
Secretary had no power, when making bonds
for sale, to do anything except to issue six
per cent, gold-bearing bonds, with at most a
fragment of unexpended power remaining in
reference to ten-forty bonds, a very limited
amount, and that in no event could lie issue a
security free from a condition making it re-
deemable at the option of the Government at
an early day, nor one the principal and inter-
est of which were both payable in coin. For
lack of these and other powers it was said he
was constantly compelled to place the Treas-
ury at a disadvantage in the market. If these
things be true, if Congress in ignorance, in
carelessness, or in willfulness, has gone thus
far and done nothing, with such a duty bel'oie
it, I hold myself responsible, amenable to great
blame, as the humblest member of this body,
for not giving my action to a matter which"I
should hold to be of overmastering impoit-
ance. But, sir, I repel this charge of responsi-
bility altogether. 1 deny that any part of the
responsibility belongs to Congress. I venture
to say that no legislative provisions could make
the Secretary more absolutely master of the
situation than he is now. No discretion more
absolute, no option more unchecked, no posi-
tion more unembarassed could well be assigned
to a financial officer than that which under the
law the Secretary has now, to go into the mar-
kets, not of our own country merely, but of the
world, and negotiate any security which he
sees fit to devise, payable at any time not dis-
tant more than forty years, payable the prin-
cipal in coin and the interest in coin, or either
alone payable in coin, and bearing such rate
of interest, not more than six per cent, in coin
nor more than seven and three tenths in cur-
rency, as he is able to adopt, and still negotiate
the security he issues. If this be so, Mr. Pres-
