1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4107
of an.agricultural and industrial school, and for pay
of suitable instructors, per tenth article treaty July
1,1860, §2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and fifty, to strike out " two" and insert
" five so that the clause will read:
For ninth of twenty installments for support of
smith and carpenter shop, and to provide the neces-
sary tools therefor, per tenth article treaty July 1,
1865, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines ten hun-
dred and fifty-four and ten hundred and fifty-
five, to strike out "§3,000" and insert
" §4.500;" so that the clause will read :
For ninth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and a
physician, who shall furnish medicines for the sick,
per tenth article treaty July 1,1365, $t,5lX).
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
ten hundred and ninety-six, in the appropri-
ations for the Seminoles, the following :
To supply a deficiency in appropriation for sub-
sisting Seminole Indians, $31,083 79.
To supply a deficiency in appropriation to pay ex-
penses of commissioners to investigate the losses of
loyal Seminole Indians, $2,316 79.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
eleven hundred and three, in the appropriation
for the Senecas:
For blacksmith, assistant, shop and tools, SI,060.
For miller, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line eleven hundred and ninety, in the appro-
priations for the Lower Brulij band of Dakota
Sioux :
For the building of a saw-mill, storehouse, and for
the pay of engineer and employes, £8,210.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
twelve hundred and forty-one, in the appropri-
ations for the Two Kettles band of Dakota
Sioux :
Tor the building of a saw-mill, storehouse, and for
the pay of engineers and employes, 48,210.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" dollars," m line twelve hundred and seventy,
to insert:
Provided, That in delivering the annuities herein
named to the illackfcet, the Lower Brule, the Jlm-
neconjoux, Oncpapas, Ogallallas, Sans Ares. Two
Kettles, Upper Yanctonnais, and Yanctonnais Sioux,
if any persons of the said bands shall be perma-
nently absent, the Secretary may withhold such part
of said appropriation as may be the proportionate
share of said absent persons. And if such absent
persons shall be found to be hostile, or provided for
under other treaty stipulations with the Govern-
ment, the Secretary may use the proportion of the
appropriation due to such part of said bands for the
benefit of other ot said banth by the purchase of
stock, provisions, clothing, and agricultural imple-
ments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
twelve hundred and seventy-lour :
For furnishing the Sisseton and Warpeton Sioux,
at Devil's lake, Dakota Territory, with agricultural
and mechanical implements, and provide for their
education, as contemplated by the sixth and seventh
articles of treaty February 10,1807. 325,000.
For lurnisbing the Sisseton and Warpcton Indians,
at Lake Traverse, Dakota Teiritory. under sanio
treaty lor the above-named purposes, §50,000, and to
pay tor provisions and agricultural implements fur-
nished said Indians dusing the winter ot 1807 and
1868, fci,457.2o. _
For deficiencies in the appropriation made for the
cas, «11,90<J 26, and for the Glows, §3,041 00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino twelve hun-
iltei! and eighty-eight, in the appropriations
for the S'Klallams, to strike out " one " and
insert " two so that the clause will read:
For ninth of twenty installments for the support of
an agricultural and industrial school, and for pay
fir suitable teachers, pel eleventh article treaty 26th
October, 1865, S2.5U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmeut was in line twelve hun-
dred and ninety-four to strike out "$3,000"
and insert " $4,000;" so that the clause will
read:
For ninth of twenty installments for the employ-
ment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a phy-
sician, who shall furnish medicines for the sick, per
eleventh article treaty 26th October, 1855, $1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and sixteen, in the appropriations for
the Tabeguacheband of Utah Indians, to strike
out "S3,000" and insert " $4,600 ;" so that
the clause will read:
For insurance, transportation, and general inci-
dental expenses ot the delivery of goods, provisions,
and stock, as per same article of same treaty, §1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and thirty-two, in the appropriations
for the Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua
Valley, Oregon, to strike out "$1,500" and
insert " §2,000" for the pay of a physician
and purchase of medicines.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and thirty-six, to strike out '"$1,000"
and insert "$1,450," for the pay of a teacher
aud purchase of books and stationery.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
thirteen hundred and thirty-six, the following:
For Indians upon the Siletz reservation, Oregon, to
provide agricultural implements, seeds, cattle, &e„
to compensate them for losses sustained by reason
of executive proclamation taking from them that
portion of their reservation called Yaquina bay,
$6,000.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have an ex-
planation of that amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I will state that these In-
dians were placed upon this reservation under
a treaty aud promised that they should be
protected upon these lands and upon this bay,
which is about thirty miles long, containing
oysters and fish ; a very desirable location for
the Indians. They had made improvements
upon it, built houses, and established themselves
there permanently, in accordance with the
treaty stipulations; but the Senate never rati-
fied the treaty. It was made in 1855. Under
that treaty, the Government was to pay them
quite a sum of money. It has been customary
to make an annual appropriation for the sup-
port of these Indians. They were established
there, and had built houses, and this is to
compensate them for tlieir losses. This ba)r
was opened by executive proclamation, open-
ing a country nearly twenty-five miles square.
fhe Indians have become very much dissat-
isfied. I was upon the reservation, and they
came together and had a long talk about it,
aud were very much dissatisfied. They said
they did not want any more liumbug about it.
They wanted to know whethertliey were going
to get it or not. I think that this i$ too small
a sum of money; I think the appropriation
ought to be at least 810,000. A bill for this
purpose passed the Senate once, appropriat-
ing $10,000, and it was sent to the other House,
where it has not been acted upon. I have
reduced it to $6,000, to compensate these In-
dians for theirloss, to establish them upon new
homes, to give them agricultural implements,
a few cattle, &c., in place of these oyster beds
that they occupied, where they were taking oys-
ters and selling them to a vessel that was
running there. It has opened up a large extent
of country which the whites have settled, for
which the Government receives pay from the
settlers. This proposition has the recommend-
ation of the supeiintendent. He has recom-
mended it in u number of previous reports.
I will read from his report in 18G5 :
"A special report which I made to Hon. J. P.
Usher, Secretary ot the Interior, under date ot De-
cember 12, 1861, m icply to inquiries conccrning
Yaquina bay, was published in the annual report of
the Commissioner of Indian Afiairs lor 1605. (page
105.) To that I respecttully reicr you for a lull de-
scription of the eo:iJt leseivation.
" In that report 1 uri,'ud the importance of provid-
ing tor a. removal of the Indians located upon and
about, the bay belore the land was thrown open to
settlement, My suggestions in tins respect were
totally disregarded, and a district about twenty-five
miles north and south, by twenty miles east and
west, beginning two miles south of the Siletz agency,
and including the whole of the Yaquina bay, was
thrown open to settlement by an executive order."
He recommended that they be compensated,
and it is proper to satisfy these Indians. It
is a very small amount of money.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to state that
this question was brought up on a separate bill
by the Senator from Oregon, which was dis-
cussed fully in the Senate, and passed. That
bill made a larger appropriation. I believe it
was $10,000. I have here cut down the ap-
propriation from $10,000 to $6,000. There
was a very thorough discussion of that bill in
the Senate by the Senator from Oregon and
others.
_ Mr. HOWE. I had no expectation of de-
feating the appropriation: I only wished to
call attention to what seems to me to be a
bran-new feature in our management of the
Indians. If I understand the Senator from
Oregon, here was a reservation, stretching out
I do not know how far on the Pacific coast,
set apart for the occupation of these Indians.
In the process of opening up the immense
mineral and other deposits on that coast a de-
posit of oysters was discovered here, and it
seemed to be the gospel prevailing in that
region that Indians were not entitled to oys-
ters, and without waiting for any new treaty
stipulations with the Indians by executive
proclamation this portion of the reservation,
which included the bay and the oyster-beds,
was thrown open to settlement, and white set-
tlers walked in and have purchased the lands
of the Government, which the Government
had before ceded to the Indians, have broken
up the oyster trade which these cultivated
Indians were prosecuting, and here is a prop-
osition to appropriate $6,000, which may com-
pensate them. I do not know what the value
of that tract taken out of their reservation
was; I do not know what the value of these
oyster-beds was; but my judgment is that if
this appropriation of $0,000 satisfies the In-
dians it does not satisfy justice, and will not
until you appropriate a few halters to those
who perpetrated this wrong on the Indians.
I do not believe in that way of dealing with
Indians.
Mr. CORBETT. The agent thought an
appropriation of about ten thousand dollars
would satisfy the Indians.
Mr. HOWE. But you have cut it down to
$6,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I happen to be personally
conversant with this transaction and officially
privy to it; and I do not think I deserve a hal-
ter either. A treaty had been made with these
I udians settling them on this reservation around
this bay many years ago. and it remained in
the possession of the Senate for a series of
years, never was ratified, never was acted on ;
just, as I may say, treaties are now lying on
the desk of the Senate unacted on. It was
represented to the Government by those at that
time representing Oregon here that there were
not very many of these Indians ; that the dis-
trict of country assigned to them in the treaty
unratified was more than was necessary for their
occupancy; that it might with great propriety
be diminished; that the Indians on the residue
would have access to the bay and to the oyster
fisheries, and other fisheries, perhaps equally
easy as they would have if they held posses-
sion of the whole. It was represented that
I the country immediately in the rear of the bay
- was settling up by white people; that a very
] large district of agricultural country there was
I being settled up, and that, they had no access
i to the bay ; that in order to get to water coni-
j munication, that is, communication with the
' coast, they would have to travel a good way
1 round ; I do not now remember the distance.
: The case being thus presented to the Pres''
! dent, he ordered, as he had a perfect right to
i do under the law, that apart of this land should
' be regarded as public land and thrown open o
! settlement. There was no wrong intended oil
the Indians, The Government may hav«Sbeen
