1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
right to do whatever he thinks it pleasant to
do. I remember very well hearing of a very-
conscientious gentleman who was in the habit
of turning his horse into his neighbor's de-
mesne. His neighbor found him there so
frequently that he rather suspected the owner
of the horse of doing it on purpose. He
watched one night and found the gentleman
riding up to his fence and taking down the bar
very deliberately and taking his saddle off, and
just as he was going to slip the bridle off and
let his horse in, he stepped up and confronted
him and said: ''You do not really mean to
turn your horse into my demesne, do you?"
He was a little staggered at first, but after a
moment's reflection he said he would like to
know if he had not a right to turn his horse
into his demesne? [Laughter.] The Presi-
dent can confront us in the same way; but
after all his case would look to me just as
though he never supposed he had the right
until he found it necessary to defend the pur-
pose which he confessed to, and that is, of
excluding the Secretary of War from that
office in defiance of the terms of that law, and
in defiance of the judgment of the Senate,
which he himself had invoked. Of course, it
would be asking too much of the President to
ask him to confess to the whole country that
he was attempting to do these things, knowing
he had no right. The least his party friends
could ask of him would be to assert his belief
in his right to do that. I do not think they
had better be particular at all as to how he
founds that right. He ought, in justice to his
friends, to assert that he really had* it. I do
not believe he has any such right. But he has
confessed to a purpose of exerting that power.
Now, I want the country to see the case upon
which he undertook to act. I want them to see
the reasons which he assigned himself for
wishing to get rid of the Secretary of War,
and the answer to those reasons.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall come to a
vote on this question of printing in order that
we may resume the consideration of that other
bill, which is so important, which was laid aside
to allow this resolution to be disposed of.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to say a single
word, inasmuch as a question is raised with
regard to the cost of the public printing. 1
confcss it has but little more reference to this
question than the rest of the debate. The
whole cost of the public printing is $1,030,000,
of which there was ordered by the Senate
$156,000 and by the House $454,000, and of
these two amounts a very large proportion was
printed to supply the Departments and bureaus
with documents that emanated from them re-
spectively. The whole amount of public print-
ing ordered by the Senate cannot exceed one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars per annum.
The PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
Kansas, to postpone the resolution indefinitely.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption ot the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they*were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 27, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Drake, Edmunds, lessen-
den, Harlan, Henderson, Howard, llowc, Johnson,
Morgan, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire. Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Hainsey, btowart, feumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, « ado, and
SAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Conness, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Hendricks, Morrill ot
yu u, iu I, i Williams—12.
ton, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sherman, riprague, and
W ilson—14.
So the resolution was adopted.
GOVERNMENT AGENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The bill
(S. No. 269) in addition to an act entitled "An
act to regulate the tenure of certain civil offices
is now before the Senate, as in Committee of
the Whole, the pending question being on the
amgudment offered by the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hendricks,] to strike out the third
section of the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to ask the Senator
who has this bill in charge one question. If I
read the bill correctly, all the offices desig-
nated here are to be vacated in ten days from
the passage of this bill.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Yes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is there any provision
made for the continuance in office of the pres-
ent incumbents between the time of the expi-
ration of their offices and the confirmation of
their successors? Do they remain in office
until their successors are confirmed?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
There is no provision of that kind in the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ten days is a very small
length of time, it seems to me, for us to decide
upon the qualifications of so great a number
of officers. I make the suggestion. I suppose
the Senator lias given the subject consideration.
I have not.
MrT JOHNSON. I made the suggestion to
my friend from New Hampshire that I thought
ten days was too short a time, and suggested
to him twenty days. These agents are all over
the country, some of them in the most distant
parts of the Pacific coast. 1 do not see how
they can be notified. They will go on, there-
fore, practically to discharge the duties of their
offices with citizens of the United States or
others with whom they have a right, if they
are in office, to enter into agreements, and
then it may turn out, and it will turn out, that
everything they have done or may do after the
expiration of ten days from dale, if we pass
the bill to-day, would be void, and it may
therefore operate very prejudicially to parties
with whom these agents may contract. I
should suppose twenty days would secure us
against anything of that sort, and if the honor-
able member from New Hampshire has no
objection I will propose twenty days instead of
ten.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. As
the bill was originally drawn it stood thirty
days instead often days; but, on consultation
with members of the Senate, and also with
some of the heads of the Departments, it was
understood that ten days was ample. All on this
side, certainly, of the mountains can receive
proper notification of the termination of their
offices in that time by letter; those on the
other side by telegraph, and there are but very
few of them. 1 think ten days will be suf-
ficient.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed t.o.
The PRES1DEN T pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the committee
as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Which amendment was
that we just voted on?
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not propose an
amendment. The Chair was under a misap-
prehension. I only made a suggestion to the
member from New Hampshire ;^o that really
the question before the Senate is whether they
will adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, to strike out the third section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is what we have
just voted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
the question stated and voted on, and the Sen-
ate refused to strike it out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not so under-
stand it. 1 thought it was another amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question over again if there is any
doubt about it. The question is on striking
out the third section of the amendment re-
ported by the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the committee, as
amended, was agreed to. ij
Mr. ANTHONY. I ought to know, but 1 n
do not understand in the various amendments
this bill has undergone whether the post route
agents are excepted from its provisions.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are all provided for.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
The amendment was made that was suggested
by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmuxds]
in that respect.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does that except all route
agents or only a certain number?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. As
it now stands the Postmaster General has a
right to appoint all whose salaries are less than
one thousand dollars; all over that have to
come to the Senate for confirmation.
Mr. COLE. The objection to the bill as it
now stands, to which attention has already been
called, would suggest the necessity for an
amendment which I shall propose. In the first
line of the bill I move to strike out the word
"ten," which precedes the word "days," and
to insert the word "thirty;" and also in the
fourth line of the third section to strike out
"ten" and to insert "thirty." It is very clear
to my mind that it will be utterly impossible
for the places of those who are now occupying
these offices that are to be vacated to be filled
within the space of ten days. Those officers
are now discharging very important duties for
the Government and are rendering, so far as
those on the Pacific coast are concerned, very
important service. T am opposed to the bill,
even though it should be amended; but this
amendment, it strikes me, is very essential for
the reason stated.
In support of what I have said in behalf of
the officers on the Pacific side I will call atten-
tion to a statement which I have received from
the Treasury Department in reference to the
whisky tax. The amount of tax upon whisky
collected in the ten districts included within
the cities of New York and Brooklyn—that is,
the first nine districts of New York and the
thirty-second district of New York—reached
last year the sum of $1,807,032. The amount
collected in the San Francisco district, the first
district in California, during the same period
was $1)803,458. Nearly as much was col-
lected in that one district as was collected in
all the ten districts in New York included in
the cities of New York and Brooklyn.
The fact that so little of that tax is col-
lected in the cities of New York and Brooklyn
may bo a strong reason why this bill should
pass, but it seems to me no remedy is to be
found in this direction. I do not see how the
matter is to be mended by the passage of this
bill. These officers are appointed by the same
authority that will have the appointment of
their successors. They are appointed by the
executive department of the Government; and
it must certainly be remembered by Senators
that under this bill as it now stands the Presi-
dent will have the nomination of all of them.
The President may designate whomsoever he
pleases, and may appoint his friends, if vou
please, or persons that are perhaps as unfaith-
ful to the Government as those who now oc-
cupy the offices in the cities to which I have
referred, and there is no remedy. The Senate
may continue to reject the nominations, but
that will not effect aTemedy, because the Pres-
ident has the nomination of the officers in his
own hands, and the power of the Senate is
purely negative. We can reject; we cannot
select.
I do not see for my part why the Democrats
here should object to the passage of this bill.
It will certainly be to their advantage as a party
movement to have it passed. It will certainly
tarn out of office three Republicans to one
Democrat, and if the bill is passed for the pur-
pose of getting rid of the one fourth Democrats
who fill these places it is not very likely that
the President, operating with the Democrats,
will nominate Republicans again for the places.
1 hat is not to be supposed. It cannot be ex-
pected that he will pursue that course ; and
we shall find ourselves embarrassed by having
these places vacant or being compelled to fill
them by our political opponents. It is with
