2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
such as was adopted could be fairly ingrafted
upon the bill, 1 handed to the clerk of the
Judiciary Committee a draft of the one of
ifhich complaint has been made, and asked
Mm to copy it inasmuch as it was somewhat
defaced by interlineations and erasures. He
did so, and returned it to me. I went to the
Speaker of the House and inquired of him
whether we would have the morning hour on
that day. He informed me it was doubtful,
owing to the condition of the business of the
House. I informed him if the morning hour
should occur on that day it was my purpose,
after the expiration of the hour, to go to the
Speaker's table for the purpose of taking up
that bill, and it was my intention, when the
bill should thus come before the House, to
offer that amendment by way of adding a now
section. But, on being informed that there
would probably not be a morning hour ou
Thursday, I returned to my committee room.
During the course of the afternoon I was
informed a motion would be made by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to take that
bill from the Speaker's table. The bill having
originated with the Finance Committee in the
Senate, and he, being the chairman of the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means of the House,deemed
it his proper province to take charge of the bill.
I had no consultation with the gentleman from
Ohio on the subject. The amendment was
locked up in my desk, and when I came into
the House, thus knowing the bill was to be
called up, I went to my seat and unlocked my
desk and took out the amendment for the pur-
pose of offering it, and I asked the gentleman
from Ohio to yield to me that I might do bo.
Before the bill was called up I sent to the
Library for the acts of I860 and 1SG7, and
i turned to the act entitled "An act to amend
F an act to establish judicial courts of the United
States," approved September 24, 1789, and
marked upon the proper page that portion of
the law which I wished to have read to the
House in explanation of the amendment I
intended to offer.
When the gentleman from Ohio yielded to
me to offer the amendment I expected to make
an explanation, but there seemed to be no
demand for it on the part of any member of
the House. The previous question was moved
and the main question ordered to be put. Gen-
tlemen know i never trouble the House with
any unnecessary remarks. If a measure pro-
posed by me can pass without discussion 1 am
inclined to let it so pass, whether it be a bill
from my committee or a measure brought for-
ward on my own motion, or a measure of
any character, amendment or otherwise. The
House adopted the amendment, and then passed
the bill as amended.
That, sir, is my entire connection with the
subject, except such as I will hereafter dis-
close. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, on
the points growing out of this state of facts,
bases the attack to which I have alluded ;
and he said, at the time he was speaking, for the
minority.
The first ground of the complaint presented
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania is that
the amendment was not germane to the bill
and was therefore out of order. In that respect,
as well as in others, he spoke, as he said, for
the minority of the House. That is his first
complaint. I wish to call the attention of the
House to the fact that one of the minority, for
whom he proposed to speak, slated during that
debate last Saturday—I allude to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr.HoLMAN,]—that '' the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa was
germane, and, therefore, no point of order
could be made." There is one of the minor-
ity for whom the gentleman from Pennsylvania
was not authorized to speak.
Mr. B0YER. I desire to correct what is a
misstatement of the gentleman, no doubt made
unintentionally, that I stated I was speaking
for the minority. The gentlernan will find no
such thing in. my remarks. What I stated in
the course of my remarks, and near the con*
elusion of them, was, "what i did say was due
to the minority in explanaticm of their posi-
tion.1' I did not say in any part of my remarks
I had been authorized to speak for the minor-
ity of the House, or had undertaken to speak
for the minority. I spoke for myself, but I
said the explanation was due to the minority,
including myself.
Mi\ WILSON, of Iowa. Which only re-
sults in this, (I will not take up the time to
hunt up the gentleman's precise language,)
instead of an affirmative statement that he
was speaking for the minority, he left it to be
inferred that he was speaking for them when
he said it was due to the minority he should
call the attention of the House and go on and
make his remarks in that connection. I do
not care whether the authority was aflirmcd or
left to implication.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nib-
lack,] during that debate, also interposed and
stated, as follows:
"Mr. Speaker, I only want to pay a word or two
about this matter by way of explanation on my own
account. 1 happened to bo ouo of thoso 011 this sido
of tho Hotiso who wcro not4 caught napping' so far
as this amendment was conccrncd. 1 think, how-
ever, that many of our friends attach unduo import-
ance to the action of the minority here on that occa-
sion. Nothing that we could have done could have
delayed tho passage of that proposition for any great
length of time; and heneo our actionis of no practi-
cal impoitance in tho matter."
In another place the gentleman says he
noticed the amendment was germane to the
bill.
Now, sir, there are two gentlemen from the
minority who have spoken on this suhjcct, and
who certainly do not agree in opinion that the
amendment was not germane to the bill. More
than that, I think the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania himself, on reflection, will not contend
it was not germane, and did not relate to the
subject embraced in the bill.
But, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
speaking at least by implication for the minor-
ity, in order to set them right before the coun-
try, not only insists the amendment was not
germane, but that they were taken by surprise,
and could not interpose opposition to the bill,
is confronted again by the same gentleman from
Indiana by these words, uttered by him on the
occasion in question:
" I suppose that 1 be difference of a day or two will
not amount to *m> thing to iar as regards any influ-
ence which the bill may have upon the Supreme
Court. Iwas in myseat giving some iiUention 1o the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WchknckJ
and to his statement about this bill, lie being; the
chairman of a committee of which I am a member.
I'Vom the statement which he made I could seo noth-
ing objectionable in the bill, and, therefore, i did
not object to taking it up. When, however, the bill
had been taken up, and this amendment was pro-
posed, I did see in the amendment a measure to
which X was seriously opposed. I rose to my feet for
the purpose of objecting to the amendment: but a
moment's reflection convinced mo that an objection
from me wculd be of no avail; that the amendment
was regularly in under tho rules, and that tho gen-
tleman from Ohio controlled tho affair. I did not
think the amendment could be ruled out on a point
of order; for it occurred to me that it was germane
to the bill. I turned round to a gentleman near me
and remarked, *Wo are caught handsomely in this
thing; there is no use in making a.fu^s now/ Under
those circumstances the bill with the amendment
was passed, the previous question being ordered on
the demand of the gentleman from Ohio.
"I fully understood when thatnicasurewas pnssed
what wa." involved in it, and was prepared to submit
my objcciions if those objections could have availed
iu the slightest degiee; but i knew that objection
wasusele^. I subsequently inquired of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] and thegentleman
trom "Wisconsin, \ Mr. I^lorxdok, 1 who did not happen
to ho in their seats at the time, and who arc mem-
bers of tho Judiciary Committor whether the meas-
ure had been considered by that committee, and
whether there had been any prior arrangement or
understanding in the committee in regard to the
matter. Learning that there had not boen, I did not
seo that anything was to be gained by pursuing the
matter further; but it having been telegraphed all
over the country that wo on this sido were 'caught
napping,' I desired to say that I, for one, understood
the effect of the proposition of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr.WiLSOxjatthotime it was offered, though,
of course, when the gentleman from Ohio asked
unanimous consent to take up a perfectly unobjec-
tionable measure, I could not foresee that any such
amendment as that of tho gentleman from Iowa was
to be offered."
Now, it will not do for gentlemen to say,
unless they are informed in advance of all the
amendments that may be offered to a bill when
once before the House, that if some amend4
ment is offered which is objectionable in their
view of the case, they have been entrapped
into allowing the main subject to come before
the House by unanimous consent. Every mem-
ber of the House understands perfectly well
that, under the rule, when any measure comes
before the House, either by being originally in-
troduced, or by beiug taken from the Speaker's
table by unanimous consent, it comcs up sub-
ject to the right of every member to offer any
amendment to it which may be germane to its
oiiin/>^f.rn off qh
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
mo to interrupt him a moment at this point?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to say that the
reason why I remarked the other day that I
did not regard as of much practical importance
any action we might have taken upon that occa-
sion, was this: (I did not then amplify my
statement as much as perhaps I might have
done,) if the effort of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sciienck] to obtain unanimous consent
to take up this bill had not been successful, I
know, or supposed, that a motion to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table would soon
be in order; and then the bill would have been
taken up and disposed of that day. Therefore
I did not regard what we had done or had not
done as of any practical importance.
And I did not complain of the bill being
taken up in view of the statement submitted
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
But what I did complain of was that after the
bill had been taken up, judging by the action
of gentlemen, not by anything that was said,
it seemed that there was some preconcert in
relation to this matter. And we have labored
under that impression from (hat time to this:
at least 1 have to a certain extent. I have had
the impression that there was a prearrange-
ment between the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] in regard to this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Law-
rence, of Ohio.) The hour of the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] has expired.
Mr. MOORHEAD obtained the floor.
Mr. ELDHIDG-E. I hope the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will be allowed to
conclude his explanation.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have no objection to
yielding, if by general understanding I may be
considered as being entitled to the floor on Ihe
next day for general debate.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. That will
require unanimous consent.
No objection was made.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, resumed the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [ Mr. Wilson] allow me to conclude what
I was saying when the hammer fell?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to say that the
disclaimer of the gentleman from Iowa that
there was no preconcert concerning this mat-
ter is sufficient for me, and I presume it will
be sufficient for this side of the House. But
we have been under the impression that there
was a prearrangement between gentlemen to
have tho bill taken up, and then the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] was to come in with
his amendment, and thus perpetrate upon us
what might be called a parliamentary trick.
And I will say to the gentleman from Iowa that
the force of that impression was increased by
expressions used and remarks made by mem-
bers of the other side after the bill had pasted.
W e were informed that there was a prearrange-
ment, between some gentlemen at least on the
other side, that this affair should go off just as
it did. We felt that if there was such an under-
standing, then the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] had done something which we could
not indorse, something which was reprehensi-
ble in submitting the statement he did in re-
gard to what he proposed to do if he in fact
understood that behind that bill there was an
important amendment to come in of which the
