SUPPLEMENT TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PROCEEDINGS OF THE SENATE
sitting for
THE TRIAL OF ANDREW JOHNSON,
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
On Articles of Impeachment exhibited by the
House of Representatives.
On Monday, February the 24th, 1868, the
House of Representatives of the Congress of
the United States resolved to impeach Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, of
high crimes and misdemeanors, of which the
Senate was apprised and arrangements were
made for the trial. On Monday, the 2d of
March, articles of impeachment were agreed
upon by the House of Representatives, and on
the 4 th they were presented to the Senate by
the managers on the part of the House, who
were accompanied by the House, the grand in-
quest of the nation, as a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Mr. Bing-
ham, chairman of the managers, read the arti-
cles as follows:
Article^ exhibited by the House of Representatives of
the United States,^in thejiame of themselves and all
thepeopieo} the United State?, ar/ainst Andrew John-
60At, President of the United States^ in hiaintenance
and si']>port of their impcuch/nent against him for
high crimes and uihdemeanors.
Article I.
Thatrfaid Andrew Johnson, Presidontof the United
States, on the 21st day of February, in the year of
our Lord 18dS, at Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, unmincUul of the high duties of hi? office, of
hi? oath of office, and of the requirement of the Con-
stitution that he should take care that the laws bo
faithfully executed, did unlawfully and in violation
of the Constitution and laws of tho United States
issue an order in writing for the removal of Edwin M.
Stanton from the office of Secretary for the Depart-
ment of War, said Edwin M. Stanton having been
theretoforeduly appointed and commissioned, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate of the
United States, as such Secretary, and said Andrew
Johnson, President, of the United States, on the 12th
day of August, in the year of our Lord 1867, and during
the recess of said Senate, having suspended by his
order Edwin M. Stanton from said office, and within
twenty days after the first day of the next in eeting of
said Senate, that is to say, on the 12th day of Decem-
ber, in the year last aforesaid, having reported to
s;nd Senate such suspension, with the evidence and
reasons for his action in the case and the name of the
person designated toperiorm the duties of such office
temporarily until thenextmectingof the Senate, and
said Senate thereaftcrward, on the 13th day of Jan-
uary, in the year of our Lord 1863, having duly con-
sidered the evidence and reasons reported by said
Andrew Johnson for said suspension, and having re-
fused to concur in said suspension, whereby and by
force of the provisions of an act entitled "An act
regulating the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March 2,1SG7. said Edv/in j\f. Stanton did forthwith
resume the functions of his office, whereof the said
Andrew Johnson had then and there due notice, and
said Edwin M. Stanton, by reason of the premises,
on said 21st day of February, being lawfully entitled
to hold said office of Secretary for the Department of
War, which said order for the removal of said Edwin
M. Stanton is in substance as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., February 21,1868.
Sib: By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me as President by the Constitution and laws of
the United States, you are hereby removed from
office as Secretary for the Department of War, and
your functions as such will terminate upon receipt of
this communication.
You wiil transfer to Brevet Major General Lorenzo
Thomas, Adjutant General of the Army, who has this
day been authorized and empowered to act as Sec-
retary of War ad interim, all records, books, papers,
and other public property now in your custody and
charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. EdwinM. Stanton, "Washington, D. C.
Which order was unlawfully issued with intent
then and there to violate the act entitled "An actreg-
ulating the tenure of certain civil offices," passed
March2,1867; and, with the further intent contrary to
the provisions of said act, in violation thereof, and
contrary to the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, and without the advice and consent
of the Senate of the United States, the said Senate
then and there being in session, to remove said Ed-
win M. Stanton from the office of Sceretary for the
Department of War. the said Edwin M. Stanton be-
ing then and there Secretary of War, and being then
and theie in the due and lawful execution a^d dis-
charge of the duties of said office, whereby said An-
drew Johnson, President of the United States, did
then and there commit, and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in offico.
Article II.
That on said 21st day of February, in thej'earof
our Lord 18(38, at Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, said Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his offico, of
his oath of office, and in violationof the Constitution
of the United States, and contrary to the provisions
of an act entitled "An act regulating the ^tenure of
certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867, without,
the advice and consent of the Senate of the United
States, said Senate then and there being in session,
and without authority of law, did, with intont to
violate tho Constitution of the United States and
the act aforesaid, issue and deliver to one Lorenzo
Thomas a letter of authority in substance as follows,
that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, 1). 0., February 21,1868.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having this day been
removed from office as Secretary for theDepartment
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will im-
mediately enter upon the discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the records, books, papers, and other public
property now in his custody nnd charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To lirevetMaior General Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States'Army, Washington, D. 6\
then and there being no vacancy in said office of Sec-
retary for tho Department of War: whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, did
then and there commit and was guilty of a high mis-
demeanor in office.
Article III.
Thht.«aid Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, on the 21st day of February, in tho yearof our
Lord ISoS, at W nshington, in the District of Columbia,
did commit nnd was guilty of n high misdemeanor
in office, in this, that, without authority of law,
while the Senate of the United States was then and
there in session, he did appoint one Lorenzo Thomas
to be Secretary for the Department of War ad interim,
without the advice and consent of tho Senate, and
with intent to' violate the Constitution of the United
States, no vacancy having happened in said office
of Secretary for the Department of War during the
recess of the Senate, and no vacancy existing in said
office at the time, and which said appointment, so
made by said Andrew Johnson, of said Lorenzo
Thomas, is in substance as follows, that is to say:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C.. February 21,1868.
Sir : Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
removed from office as Secretary for the Department
of War, you are hereby authorized and empowered
to act as Secretary of War ad interim, and will imme-
diately enter upon tho discharge of the duties per-
taining to that office.
Mr. Stanton has been instructed to transfer to you
all the reeords, books, papers, and other public prop-
erty now in his custody and charge.
Respectfully yours, ANDREW JOHNSON.
To Brevet MnjorGeneral Lorenzo Thomas, Adjutant
General United States Army, Washington, D. U.
Article IV.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, in violation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, on the 21sfc day
of February, in the year of our Lord 1868, at Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, did unlawfully
conspire with ono Lorenzo Thomas, and with other
persons to the House of Representatives unknown,
with intent by intimidation and threats unlawfully
to hinder and prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and
there the Secretary for theDepartment of War, duly
appointed under the laws of the United States, from
holding said office of Secretary forthe Departmentof
War contrary to and in violation of the Constitution
of the United States, and of the provisions of an act
entitled "An act to define and punish certain con-
spiracies," approved July 31,1861, whereby said An-
drew Johnson,Presidentof the United States, did then
and there commit and was guilty of a high crime in
offico.
Article V.
That said Andrew Johnson, Presidentof the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February, in
the year of our Lord 1863, and on divers other days
and times in said year, before the 2d day of March,
A. D. 1S6S, at Washington, in the District of Colum-
bia, did unlawfully conspire with one Loreuzo
Thomas, nnd with other persons to the House of
Representatives unknown, to prevent and hinder tho
execution of an act entitled " An act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867,
and in pursuance of said conspiracy did unlawfully
attempt to prevent Edwin M. Stanton, then and there
being Secretary for theDepartment of War, duly
appointed and commissioned under the laws of tho
United States, from holding said office, whereby tho
said Andrew Johnson,President of the United States,
did then and thcro commit and was guilty of a high
misdemeanor in office.
Article VI.
That said Andrew Johnson, Presidentof the United
States, unmindful of the high duties of his office and
of his oath of office, on the 21st day of February, in
the year of our Lord 1868, at Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with one
Lorenzo Thomas by force to seize, take, and possess
tho property of the United States in the Department
of War, and then and thcro in the custody and charge
of Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary for said Department,
contrary to tho provisions of an act entitled An act
to define and punish certain conspiracies," approved
July31,1861, and with intent to violate and disregard
an act entitled "An act regulating the tenure of cer-
tain civil offices," passed March 2,1867, whereby said
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, dad
then and there commit a high crime in office.
Article VII.
That said Andrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States, unmindful of the high duties of his office
and of his oath of office, on the 21st d.iyof j?obruan\
in the year of our Lord 1S68, at "Washington, in the
District of Columbia, did unlawfully conspire with
