3086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes, you can.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the intention is
to give it only to those banks that have organ'
ized and waived the question of circulation.
If it means that new banks may be organized,
I am glad of it; but I concluded that the con-
struction was that it applied only to banks that
are now organized.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. It applies not
only to banks now organized, but banks to be
organized. If the Senator has any real doubt
about it, it can be made certain; but there is
no doubt about it. The section has been care-
fully prepared. The word "organized" ap-
plies not only to the past, but to the future.
Mr. POMEROY. A little amendment of
course would make that perfectly clear. If it
is intended that banks to be organized shall
have it, it is all Very well; but there are enough
old banks organized to take up $4,000,000 of
this amount. The Senator from Ohio, I sup-
pose, has had his attention called to the fact
that there are enough banks already organized
that have waived their circulation to take
$4,000,000 out of the $20,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those are only in three
or four States, not in the South.
Mr. POMEROY. And they certainly should
be first supplied. Then we may have $15,000,-
000 or $16,000,000 to organize new banks with.
But, sir, to conclude, I will say that I am sure
that anything less than the committee have
reported will meet with most decided opposi-
tion in the country.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I think
the reason why the States that have a dispro-
portionate circulation came to have so much
may be very readily explained. My friend from
Kansas seems to overlook the fact that thsse
States were compelled to take that circulation.
They did not want to take it. We did not want
to take it in my State. We had a bank circu-
lation there ; we had banks that satisfied us ;
but the Federal Government taxed our bank
circulation out of existence, and told us to take
this circulation or we should have none. Now
we are told that that which was forced upon us
against our will was a great favor, and we ought
to make some compensation for it!
Mr. COLE. The same rule was applied to
the banks in the West, in those States where
banks were scarce, where the whole banking
capital was swept away. They were taxed out
of existence, also, but they are not now sup-
plied with circulation.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if they were taxed
out of existence, they had the opportunity at
the same time to take the national circulation,
to organize themselves as national banks.
Mr. COLE. But they cannot get the cur-
rency, because it cannot be furnished by the
Comptroller.
Mr. CORBETT. The proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts to issue to the
West $100,000,000 in bank currency, in my
opinion, is a very generous one. It adds that
much really to the West. It is true those
banks would have to provide themselves with
means to redeem that currency, but it retires
that much of the legal tenders that are now
circulated mainly in the cities of the East, and
sends $100,000,000 of bank capital to the
western and southern states. I think that is
a wise provision, and we are approaching the
time when something of the kind should be
adopted. It places the Government in a posi-
tion where it can more easily return to specie
payments, so far as its own legal tenders are
concerned. The Government and the banks
must cach prepare for a redemption of the
notes eventually in specie. If this proposition
loe adopted there will then be about $400,000,-
000 of bank capital, and upon that they have
to retain twenty per cent. That will be $80.-
000,000 of legal tenders that they will have to
provide themselves with to redeem their cur-
rency. There will be, after the withdrawal of
that $80,000,000, $170,000,000 of legal tenders
in circulation. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in my opinion, is a
very wise oue; but if that cannot be adopted,
then I trust the amendment of my friend from
Vermont will be adopted.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
desire to argue this question ; 1 do not feel that
1 am not qualified to do it; but there are two
or three very plain things about it. If the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont is
adopted, if we increase the bank circulation
$20,000,000 we then withdraw the legal-tender
circulation to the same amount, and as there
is not money in the Treasury to spare for that
purpose, it has got to be done by selling bonds;
in other words, we add $20,000,000 to the
bonded debt and $1,200,000 to the interest
every year by that operation. If we adopt the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, we increase the bank circulation
$100,000,000, and we withdraw the legal-ten-
der notes to that amount. We increase the
bonded indebtedness $100,000,000 thereby.
Mr. CORBETT. l)o we not pay the inter-
est on the debt now, the same as we should do
then ? We do not issue any new bonds. The
bonds are in the market, and these banking
institutions will go into the market and pur-
chase the bonds.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am not
mistaken. If we issue $100,000,000 of bank
currency more than we have, the proposition
of the Senator from Massachusetts is that we
shall take up $100,000,000 of United States
notes to avoid inflating the currency. How
shall we take them up? We have not got those
notes in the Treasury collected from taxes to
spare. That would make a deficit in the Treas-
ury. Therefore we must get these legal-tender
notes by selling bonds to that amount. We
would add to our bonded debt $100,000,000,
which would increase the annual interest
$0,000,000, unquestionably.
Mr. President, we arc certainly not prepared
at this time to adopt the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, to increase the bonded
debt $100,000,000, and the amount of interest
paid $6,000,000. If we had the money in the
Treasury to take up and cancel these legal-
tender notes without selling bonds, if these
notes were in the Treasury derived from taxes,
and we had the amount to spare, we could
just cancel them ; but as we have not got the
money in the Treasury to spare for that pur-
pose, we must get these legal tenders by selling
bonds, just as was done by the Secretary of the
Treasury before wc stopped the contraction by
our late act. That was the way he was there
contracting. He was contracting the currency,
not by canceling so many legal-tender notes
that might be found in the Treasury received
from taxes or revenue, but his cancellation
took place entirely by selling bonds to that
amount, and converting a debt that did not
bear interest into a debt that does bear interest.
That was the way he contracted the currency,
as everybody knows.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the Senator is
entirely mistaken about the issue of any addi-
tional bonds. There is nothing in the pro-
vision, according to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, to increase our debt
by issuing new bonds.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
friend one question. That proposition includes
the cancellation of .$100,000,000 of greenbacks.
Now, how is the Government going to get the
$100,000,000 to cancel them?
Mr. CORBETT. They issue that amount
of bank currency to the country, which is based
upon the bonds of the United States, which
the banks purchase in the market, and retain
just that amount more bonds in the country
that would otherwise flow to Europe.
Mr. MORTON. The bank currency does
not belong to the Government. That goes to
the banks upon condition that they deposit
bonds to that amount with ten per cent, as a
margin. Now, the question of canceling the
legal-tender notes is a different proposition
entirely, and is done to prevent the inflation
of the currency. But to cancel them we must
get them ; and we can only get them in two
ways: either by taxation or by selling bonds
of that amount. We cannot bear the taxa-
tion now. Therefore we must get them as the
Secretary of the Treasury got them before, by
selling bonds to that amount, and thus add
$0,000,000 to the interest of the public debt
every year. We cannot stand that.
Now, Mr. President, I will say to the Sena-
tor from Ohio that, in my estimation, his propo-
sition amounts, after all, substantially to the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts,
leaving off the question of inflating the cur-
rency. If you begin to issue bank currency
for the purpose of equalizing the circulation,
you cannot stop at $20,000,000. It will take at
least $100,000,000 to equalize the currency
among the several States.
Mr. HOWE. That will not do it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Wis-
consin says that will not do it; I say it will
take at least $100,000,000 to do it; and when-
ever you begin to equalize the currency you
will not stop until yon have done it. There-
fore I say the proposition of the Senator from
Ohio amounts substantially to that of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, with this difference :
that the Senator from Ohio would begin now
with $20,000,000 and he would then go up to
$100,000,000or$125,000,000, or whatever may
be necessary for that purpose, while the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts begins with $100,000-
000 at first. That is the principal difference.
I know that the distribution of our bank
circulation is unequal; it is a hardship ; but I
think it is rather too late in the session now to
begin upon that question, and I would rather
have it deferred until some general system can
be adopted. We do not know yet what course
we are going to take with these questions;
and it seems to me that the whole question
ought to be considered together, because it is
connected in every part.
Mr. CORBETT. It is said that we shall
have a surplus in the Treasury over and above
the expenditures from the taxes this year. 1
think it quite probable that such will be the*
case. According to the argument of the Sena-
tor from Indiana, we have got to have a sur-
plus, and there should be a provision in the
bill directing the Secretary to redeem the cir-
culation at such times as he should have a.
surplus of money to do it with; and there
ought to be, perhaps, in the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont the same provision. I
have no doubt in my mind from the present
exhibit of the Treasury that there will prob-
ably be a surplus this year, and I think that
provision should be made.
I hardly think the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts will be carried ; but it
suits me better than the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont. If, however, the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
should not be adopted I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
because it was understood when we stopped
the contraction of the currency that we should
not go into inflation, and it was especially
so stated here by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance that he had no idea of tak-
ing any steps in the direction of inflation. I
charged at the time that that measure to stop
the contraction of the currency was but the
entering wedge; that the next step would be
to inflate the currency. The Senator from
Ohio then stated that it was not the idea of
the Finance Committee to inflate the currency
at all. This is a direct proposition to inflate
the currency $20,000,000, and unless the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont is adopted, it certainly does inaugu-
rate a system of inflation which will create
great dissatisfaction in financial circles where
there is plenty of money now, and who will
take advantage of that inflation to increase the
prices of everything, and the West will not
get any of the additional money.
Mr. FERRY". I am opposed to the amend-
ment proposed by the committee as the fifth
section as it stands, mainly for the reasons
which have been already given, believing that
the adoption of that amendment would be a
