4110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
them, and in what manner have supplies been
furnished to such an extent that $1'20j000 are
now due ? If the Indians have been supplied
by rations from the Army, then I should like
to know how these deficiencies could occur?
Mr. HENDERSON. There is a document
explaining the whole matter, but I can do it in
a few words. The Senate will remember that
last year we appropriated but $100,000. I
stated at the time the appropriation was made
that it would be utterly impossible to subsist
the Navajoes on any such amount. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, who was then managing the
bill, agreed that in case that appropriation
should run out, and the Navajoes should be in
distress, should need food, the military might
be authorized to subsist them from that time
on after the expenditure of the $100,000. Of
course the $100,000 were very soon expended.
The military authorities then did for a very
considerable time furnish them rations from
the forts in the vicinity. It will be remem-
bered, however, that at the July session last
year there was an amendment put on a defi-
ciency bill requiring that the Navajoes should
be turned over again from the military author-
ities to the civil authorities. When they were
turned over the civil authorities found them-
selves without a dollar to feed them, and they
employed an individual to furnish the articles
upon credit; and this individual went on and
furnished them at very reasonable rates.
Mr. CONNESS. I saw a statement in the
newspapers, 1 do not know whether it was true
or not, that there was a contract made with
Mr. Perry Fuller to furnish a certain amount,
anc^tbat he sub-contracted it to another per-
son, making forty cents on each ration. I do
not know what the facts are, but these things
ought to be inquired into. If any contract
was made with the Department which would
admit such a margin to the contractor there
is something rotten about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will send up a let-
ter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
on the subject.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department of the Interior,
, Office of Indian Affvirs.
Washington, D. C., July C, 1808.
Sir: Referring to office ^report of the 21st of Feb-
ruary las>t, inviting attention U> former reports, rela-
tive to feeding the Navajo Indian captives on the
Bosque Redondo reservation, JNew Mexico, advising
the Department that the funds appropriated by Con-
cress were exhausted and setting forth the necessity
of an appropriation being made to continue supply-
ing them with food, I desire to say that the contrac-
tor, Elijah Simerly, esq., continued furnishing stores
under nis contract until the 22d day of May last,
from which time until the Indians were taken charge
of by the Indian peace commission the necessary
subsistence was furnished by James Patterson, esq.,
of New Mexico, under a contract made with him by
Accent Dodd.
There is due Mr. Simerly a balancc on account, for
Oie stores furnished by him during the month of
March last, the sum of $17,316 00, and for those fur-
nished during the month of April and up to the 22d
of May about the sum of seventy-two thousand eight
hundi-ed dollars, making in all about the sum of
ninety thousand one hundred and forty six dollars
ainCsix cents now due and owiog to him. The ac-
counts for April and May have not been presented
for payment, consequently it is impossible to state
the exact amount for those months; but taking the
cost of the stores furnished in March as a basis and
tho cost of those furnished the two following months
will amount to over the sum above stated $72,800.
There will also be due Mr. Patleison on his con-
tract from May 22 up to the time the removal of said
Indians commenced, which was probably near the
<ind of last month, not iar from £30,000. This will
mnko tho total deficiency in the appropriation for
subsisting tho Navajoes, amount to as near as can
be calculated, about one hundred and twenty thou-
sand dollars.
Ti * last-mentioned sum should be appropriated
ana ->3accd at the disposal of your Department at
ihc tuliestd&y practicable, in order that the parties
to \v'iom it is owing may be paid their just dues. I
thei'lore respectfully request that the matter be
before Congress for proper action by that body.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. G. TAYLOR. Commissioner.
0. II. Browning, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. CONNESS. I'rise to inquire of the
"honorable chairman whether he has knowledge
ol' how these contracts were made ? It is said
that a large contract was made with Agent
Dodd. Were these contracts made after ad-
vertisement and given to tlie lowest bidder ?
How were they made?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia has propounded a question that I can-
not answer. I do not know how the contract
was made. I do not know whether it was
after advertisement or not. I understand,
however, that the contract was at nineteen
cents per day. I understand from the acting
commissioner that these Indians were fed at
nineteen cents a day, and that Mr. Fuller had
nothing to do with the contract.
Mr. CONNESS. I did notstate that he had;
and if he had he would have a right to make
the contract, of course.
Mr. HENDERSON. Of course, if it were
a fair contract, he would be as much entitled
to it as anybody else ; but the gentlemen who
made the contract at nineteen cents a day were
Mr. Patterson and Mr. Simerly, and they fur-
nished the rations, and unwillingly furnished
them. They had a previous contract, I under-
stand, and took that contract upon advertise-
ment, and refused to furnish any more at the
same price; but at the request of Mr. Dodd,
who is one of our best agents, a man of un-
doubted integrity, as I understand, they were
induced to go an and furnish at tho same price
after the appropriation had ceased.
Mr. HOWE. Our appropriation for subsist-
ing these same Indians for the last year was
$100,000, and the estimate for subsisting them
for the next yearis precisely the same, $100,000,
and yet it is said there is a deficiency in last
year's appropriation of $120,000.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes; but this year's
appropriation was made upon the distinct
understanding that the Navajoes were to be
removed. It was understood that they were
not to be kept at the Bosque Redondo. Indeed,
the peace commission expected to make a
treaty with them for their removal last fall, but
were unable to reach New Mexico before the
meeting of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. But the estimate is made for
subsisting them "on the Pecos river," pre-
cisely where they were last year.
Mr. HENDERSON. Does the Senator say
that the estimate is only $100,000?
Mr. HOWE. So I read the estimates.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is a mistake.
They never have been subsisted for any such
sum. It is a notorious fact that we have never
spent less than from three quarters of a million
to a million on them since they have been
there. The Department asked for $000,000
when we appropriated $100,000.
Mr. HOVVE. What is the estimate on the
book ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not able to turn
to it just now. Upon the other pointin regard
to the treaty, I will say thatlhave in my hands
a letter from General Sherman, but I deem it
unnecessary to have it read. It is a lengthy
letter, addressed to me, in which he gives the
reasons why the commission concluded to re-
move the Indians to their old country. He
says that the treaty has been made in the ex-
pectation that the 5150,000 should bo appro-
priated. " So 'J'appan and 1 acted with full
confidence, presuming on the passage of the
bill for $1/50,000 for their removal, and there-
fore we will proceed for their removal and put
it in immediate execution. The distauce is
about three hundred miles northwest." The
treaty has been printed and is now before the
Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the
estimate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not see the esti-
mate, but I am confident it could not have
been so little as $100,000 for subsisting the
Navajoes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, after the word "Indians"
to insert "known as the Santee Sionx," and
in line fifteen hundred and fifty-three, after the
word "hemes," to insert " near the mouth of
the Niobrara ;" so that the clause will read :
For subsistence, clothing, and general incidental
expensesof theSissoton.Wahpeton, Medawakanton,
and Waupakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians,
known as the Santee Sioux, at fcheirnew homos near
the mouth of the Niobrara, 150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fifteen hundred and fifty-three, the following:
For presents of clothing and tobaceo for the In-
dians at Aleutian Islands, Alaska Territory, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fifteen hundred and fifty-nine the following:
To pay the expenses of a commissioner to be ap-
pointed to fix the costof property andisaprovements
on farms confiscated ana sold by Cherokee nation,
under laws of said nation made during the late re-
bellion, $2,760.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
fifteen hundred and sixty-seven the following:
For expenses of removing and subsisting destitute
Cherokees, now in the State of Texas and Choctaw
and Chickasaw country, to their homes in the Cher-
okee country, $20,000. # .
To pay expenses of two commissioners appointed
to appraiseCherokee neutrallands.or so much thereof
as may be necessary, $4,550, to be refunded from sales
of said lands.
Mr. HARLAN. The first part of that
amendment I should like to hear explained:
For expenses of removing and subsisting destitute
Cherokees, now in the State of Texas, and Choctaw
and Chickasaw country, to their homes in the Cher-
okee country, $20,000."
These are all rich people. They have vast
sums of money due them in the Treasury of
the United States; and I do not understand
why the Government should appropriate money
to pay their traveling expenses.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have a report from
the Secretary of the Interior, "relative to
removing certain destitute Indians scattered
through the Indian country to their homes;
with estimates of appropriationsneeded there-
for." I will send the document up to the
Clerk, and he can read it, for I really know
nothing about it.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of the
Senator, before he does that, I desire to move
an executive session. There is occasion for
one for a few minutes before the recess.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection,
it is so near the time for taking the recess.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 424) amendatory of an
act entitled ' 'An act for the relief of certain
drafted men" was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. The doors were reopened at five
o'clock, and the Senate took a recess until
half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
MANUFACTURERS' BANK OF NEW YORK.
Mr. CATTBLL. I ask the Senate to take
up the Senate bill No. 621. It is a bill that
will create no discussion, and can be passed in
a few minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 021) authorizing
the Manufacturers' National Bank of New
York to change its location. It proposes to
authorize the Manufacturers' National Bank
ot New York, now located in the city of New
York, to change its location to the city of
Brooklyn. Whenever the stockholders repre-
senting three fourths of the capital of the bank,
at a meeting called for that purpose, determ-
ine to make such change, the president and
cashier are to execute a certificate under the
corporate seal of the bank, specifying such
determination, and cause the same to be re-
corded m the office of the Comptroller of the
Currency, and thereupon such change of loca-
tion is to be effected and the operations of
