2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
unanimous consent, and alter the minority,
with their known opinions upon the question
of the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, and
their known desire to have the McCardle case
decided, had given their consent, was it fair to
introduce a proposition so objectionable as
that amendment was known to be to the mi-
nority without explaining the amendment
which was intended to be attached?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why, sir, I judge
of the fairness of the transaction by the rules
of the House. Any member could have ob-
jected to taking that bill from the Speaker's
table. No member did object. When the
members withheld their objections they did it
with a full understanding of the rule which
would authorize the presentation of the identi-
cal amendment which I did present, and with
knowledge also of the fact that the majority of
the House, if they should so decide, could
second the previous question and cut off de-
bate, and that the same majority could pass the
bill as amended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the gentleman does
not quite answer my question. Suppose that
the gentleman had asked the consent of the
House; suppose that he had made precisely
the speech which the gentleman from Ohio
made 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am not here de-
fending the gentleman from Ohio; he did that
for himself very well last Saturday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not asking the gen-
tleman to defend him. But I ask him, if that
liad been done by himself, would he consider
that he had a right, in fairness, in candor, in
justice to this side of the House, to introduce
that amendment? Having explained the ori-
ginal proposition as unobjectionable, would he
have Belt that he was justified in attaching to
that proposition an amendment to which he
knew every member of the minority in this
House to be opposed?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
cannot put me in a false position in this mat-
ter. He is stating a hypothetical case. That
is not the case with which we are dealing. I
made no statement to the House upon the
subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the gentleman from
Ohio did.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa., Very well. The
gentleman from Ohio speaks for himself, not
for me. When the gentleman can present a
case in which I have made any representations
to the House then he will have a case which
I may feel called upon to answer.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman, however,
availed himself of the statement made by the
gentleman from Ohio to get in his amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, sir; I did no
such thing. I availed myself of the right which
the rule of the House gave me to offer an
amendment to the then pending bill. That
was all. Now, there was no disguise at all as
to the purpose of that amendment. I will
read it:
" Sec. 2. And be it further cnacted, That so much of
the act approved February 5, .1SG7, entitled ' An act
to amend an act to establish the judicial court? ot the
tJnited States, approved September 24, 17hi),' us
authorizes an appeal irom thejudgment of a circuit
court to the Supremo Courtol tho United States, or
the exercise of any such jurisdiction by said Supreme
Court on appeals which have been or may hereattcr
be taken, be, and the same is hereby, repealed."
No person could misunderstand the scope of
that proposition. Any member who listened
to the reading of it knew at once that it was
striking at a branch of the jurisdiction of the
Supremo Court of the United States, a juris-
diction conferred by an act of Congress passed
but little more than a year ago. The proposi-
tion was that Congress should by statute take
away from the Supreme Court jurisdiction
which it had but recently conferred by statute.
That is all there was of the proposition. Any
man could comprehend it. There was no at-
tempt to cover up its purpose or conceal its
scope and effect; and the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Niblack] says that he understood
it. He was not caught in any trap. He saw
that tho amendment was an important one,
reaching to the very end that I purposed it
should reach. But he has very properly said,
doubtless, in view of the rule to which I have
called the attention of the House, that but a
few minutes would elapse before the morning
honr would expire, when any member could
make the motion to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table; and seeing that the amend-
ment was germane to tho bill, and that resist-
ance would amount to nothing because of the
majority on this side of the House, he said
nothing further and permitted the matter to
pass.
That gentleman could have interposed an
inquiry. I was prepared to answer any that
might have been proposed, and should have
done so just as unreservedly on that occasion
as I have done to-day. 1 was not prepared to
ask this House to pass anything under false
pretenses or by trick or fraud. I never do
anything in this House by trick or fraud. As
to any measure which I introduce or advocate,
I am always willing to announce its purpose
and to assume the responsibility which may
attach to it. And I will say to gentlemen
who have propounded questions to me that 1
will be glad if the bill sliaM become a law be-
fore a decision is made by tho Supreme Court
in the McCardle case, thereby sweeping the
case from the docket by taking away the juris-
diction of the court.
Mr. WOODWARD. I beg leave to say, in
opposition to the legal opiniou of the gentle-
man from Iowa, that the bill will accomplish
no such purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. Very well; then
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not hurt,
nor is Mr. McCaidle. If the bill will not ac-
complish that purpose, why all this " tempest
in a teapot?"
Mr. WOODWARD. I have not stirred up
any "tempest in a teapot," nor do I intend
to do so. 1 put a question to tho gentleman
from Iowa a little while ago as to his legal
opinion of the effect of that bill. If I under-
stood his answer, it was that the bill was not
only designed to take away the jurisdiction of
the Supremo Court in tho McCardle case, but
would, in his judgment, have that effect. Now,
I submit to the gentleman, as a lawyer, that
it is not in the power of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government to take away from
the Supreme Court jurisdiction in a case where
the jurisdiction has already attached.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Why, Mr. Speaker,
is not the gentleman from Pennsylvania aware
that the Supreme Court has decided that a re-
peal of the act conferring jurisdiction arrests
the power of the couit at any stage of a case
before judgment? that if, after hearing and
before judgment is announced, the jurisdiction
;s taken away by a repeal of the act under
which it is conferred the court cannot announce
judgment? Why, sir, the right of the court, to
act at all depends upon the jurisdiction con-
ferred. Take away the jurisdiction and of
course the power to act ceases.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, however
well the gentleman may have succeeded in ex.
tricating himself from responsibility for a
questionable line of conduct in bringing the
bill before the House—I pronounce no judg-
ment upon that matter—the gentleman must
see that he stands here maintaining that tho
legislative department of the (iovcrnmentmay
do the highly indecent thing ol looking into the
courts ot the country to see what cases are
there pending, and then using the legislative
function to arrest the course of justice in any
particular case.
That is the position in which the gentleman
places himself and his party by the explana-
tion he has made here to-day.
I submit to that gentleman's legal judgment,
for he stands at the head of the Judiciary Com-
mittee of this House, that it is a misuse and an
abuse of the legislative power of this Govern-
ment. I maintain the courts of this country
have a right to finish tlieir investigation of a
case to which their jurisdiction has attached;
and neither the Republican party nor the Judi-
ciary Committee itself, though its chairman,
nor the whole country together, have the right
to interfere with the exercise of that jurisdic-
tion by that department of the Government.
Sir. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know
whether the gentleman uses the term "right"
in the sense of "power" or not.
Mr. WOODWARD. The judicial power of
the Government is vested in that court. It
has attached in a particular case. The court
is in the exercise of that jurisdiction. I main-
tain as to that case it is, in the first place, in-
decent for the legislative power to come in,
and in the next place, it is incompetent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As to the question
of indecency the gentleman will permit those
who voted ior that measure to judge for them-
selves. As to the power I have already stated
that the Supreme Court have settled that by
their own decision.
Mr. WOODWARD. In what case?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot refer to
the case by title now, and will hand it to the
gentleman. I think every lawyer familiar with
the reports of the Supreme Court understands
this question perfectly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was it not in a criminal
' Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Let me getthrough
with one thing at a time, if you please.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says it is
not proper for us to look into the courts and
see what they propose to do—-what cases they
have to dispose of. Why, sir, we could not
shut our eyes nor close our ears to the informa-
tion which come to us from all quarters, par-
ticularly in the press representing the party to
which the gentleman belongs, that it was a
thing certain that tho McCardle ease was to bo
made use of to enable a majority of that court
to determine the invalidity and unconstitution-
ality of the reconstruction laws of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, if their papers had merely
stated in this respect that the court will pass
upon the sufficiency of the return to the writ
and dccide whether or no, in view of that
return, McCardle can properly and lawfully be
held by the authorities by whom he was ar-
rested, 1 do not know that much would have
been said about it on this side of the House.
It would have been proper and not going out
of the line of jurisdiction conferred upon the
court as its members construe the act of Feb-
ruary 5, 1807. But when we were told day by
da}' that the majority of the court had practi-
cally made up its judgment, not only to pass
upon tho sufficiency of the return to the writ,
which involves the only question properly be-
fore them in the McCaidle case, but also to do
as the court did once before in the Dred Scott
case, go outside of the record properly involv-
ing the questions really presented for its de-
termination, undertaking to infringe upon the
political power of Congress and declare the
laws for the government of the rebel States in
every respect unconstitutional, it was our duty
to intervene by a repeal of the jurisdiction and
prevent the threatened calamity falling upon
the country.
Now, sir, I have said all that I wished to say
on this case, and more than I intended when I
asked for the floor.
I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask a question.
I understand the gentleman from Iowa to de-
fend his own conduct in this matter. I wish
to say to him I never once impugned his con-
duct, but what we complain of is the whole
transaction. It must necessarily involve the
statement made by tho gentlemen from Ohio,
[Mr. Suiiexuk.,] in getting unanimous consent
for the proposition he introduced as well as
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa. I think that was fairly involved in the
question, which I think he evaded when he said
he did not come here to defend the gentleman
from Ohio. Yet the gentleman, as I under-
stand it, has endeavored to show we had no
reason to complain. We complain of the en-
tire transaction. We think it was an abuse of
the unanimous consent given to the gentleman
