THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
And the House of Representatives, by protestation,
savin? to themselves thalibcrty of exhibiting at any
time hereafter any further articles or other accusa-
tion or imooa hment against the said Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, and also of reply-
in? to h^ answers which he shall make unto the arti-
cles herein preferred against him. and of offering
proof to the same and every part thereof, and to all
ami every other article, accusation, or impeachment
which shall be exhibited by them, as the case shall
require, do demand that the said Andrew Johnson
may be put to answer the high crimes and misde-
meanors in office herein charged against him. and
that such proceedings,examinations, trials, and judg-
ments may be thereupon had and given as may be
agreeable to law and justice.
The Senate, in its preparation for so mo-
mentous an event, adopted rules of procedure
and practice for the guidance of the court;
and to accord with the conviction of the Chief
Justice that the court should adopt its own
rules, they were pro forma again adopted when
the court met. They are as follows:
Mules of Procedure and Practice in the Senate when
sitting on the Trial of Impeachments,
I. WhensoeverthcScnatc shall receivenoticefrom
the House of Representatives that managers are
appointed on their part to conduct an impeachment
against any person, and are directed to carry articles
of impeachment to the Senate, the Secretary of the
Senate shall immediately inform the House of Rep-
resentatives that the Senate is ready to receive the
manageis for the purpose of exhibiting such articles
of impeachment agreeably to said notice.
II. When the managers of an impeachment shall
bo introduced at the bar of the Senate, and shall
signify that they are ready to exhibit articles of im-
peachment against any pcr-on, the Presiding Officer
of the Senate shall direct the Scrgeant-at-Arins to
make pioclamation, who shall, after making procla-
mation. repeat the following words viz: "All persons
arc commanded to keep silence, on painofimprison-
ment, while the House of Representatives is exhib-
iting to the Senate of the United States articles of
impeachment against after which the
articles shall be exhibited, and then the Presiding
Officer of tne Senate shall inform the managers that
the Senate will take proper order on thesubject of the
impeachment, of which due notice shall be given to
the House of Representatives.
III. Upon such articles being presented to the Sen-
ate, the Senate shall, at one o'clock afternoon of the
day (Sunday excepted) following such presentation,
or sooner if so ordered by the Senate, pioceed to the
consideration of such articles, and shall continue in
senior! from day to day, (Sundays excepted,) alter the
trial shall commence, (unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate,) until final judgment shall bo rendered, and
so much longer as may. in its judgment, bo needful.
Before proceeding to the consideration of the arti-
cles of impeachment, the Presiding Officer shall ad-
minister the oath hereinafter provided to the mem-
bers of the Senate then present, and to the other
members of the Senate as they shall appear,whose
dutv it shall be to take the same.
IV. When the Presid en tot the United States, or the
Vice President of the United States, upon whom the
powers and duties of the office of President shall have
devolved, shall bo impeached, the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States shall pre-
side; and in a case requiring the said Chief Justice
to preside, nutice shall be given to him by the Pre-
siding Oltieer of the Seriate, of the time and place
fixed for the consideration of the articles of impeach-
ment. as aforesaid, with a request to attend; and the
said Chief Justice shall preside over the Senate dur-
ing the consideration of said articles, and upon the
trial of the person impeached therein.
V. The Presiding Officer shall have power to make
and issue, by himself or by the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, all orders, mandates, writs, and precepts author-
ized by these rules, or by the Senate, and to make and
enforce such other regulations and orders in the
promises as the Senate may authorize or provide.
VI. The Senate shall have power to compel the
attendance of witnesses, to enforce obedience to its
orders, mandates, writs, precepts, and judgments, to
preserve order, and to punish in a summary way eon-
tempts of and disobedience to its authority, orders,
mandates, writs, precepts, or judgments, and to make
all lawful orders, rules, and regulations, which it may
deem essential or conducive to the ends ot justice.
And tho Sergcant-at-Arms, under (he direction of
tho Senate, may employ sueh aid and assistance as
may be necessary to enforce, execute, and carry into
elfcetthe lawful orders, mandates, writs, and pre-
cepts of the Senate. ,
V [I The Presiding Officer of the Senate shall di-
rect ail necessary preparations in the Senate Cham-
ber, and the presiding oliicer upon the trial shall
direct all the forms of proceeding while the Senate
arc sitting lor the purpose of trying an impeach-
ment, and all forms during the trial not otherwise
specially piovided for. The presiding officer may,
in the first instance, submit to the Senate, without a
division, all questions of evidence and incidental
quest ion-; but the same shall, on the demand of one
fifth of the members present, be decided by yeas and
VIII. Upon the presentation of articles ofimpeach-
ment and the organization of tho Senate^ herein-
before provided, a wi it of summons shall is^ue tothe
aceu-ed, reciting said articles and notifying him to
appear oetore the uSenate upon a day and at a place
to bo fixed by the Sen at o and named in such writ,
and file his answer to said articles of impeachment,
and to stand to and abide tho orders and judgments
of the Senate thereon; which writ shall be served by
such officer or person as shall be named in the pre-
cept thereof such number of days prior to the day
fixed for such appearance as shall bo named in such
precept, either by the delivery of an attested copy
thereof to the person accused, or, if that cannot con-
veniently be done, by leaving such copy at the last
known place of abode of such person or at his usual
place of business, in some conspicuous placetherein;
or if such servico shall be, in the judgment of the
Senate, impracticable, notice to tho accused to ap-
pear shall be given in such other manner, by public-
ation or otherwise, as shall be deemed just; and if
tho writ aforesaid shall fail of service in the manner
aforesaid tho proceedings shall not thereby abate,
but further service may be made in such manner as
the Senatcshall direct. If theaccused, alter service,
shall fail to appear, either in person or by attorney,
on the day so fixed therefor as aforesaid, or, appear-
ing, shall fail to filo his answer to such articles of
impeachment, tho trial shall proceed, nevertheless,
as upon a plea of not guilty. If a pleaof guilty shall
be entered judgment may be entered thereon with-
out further proceedings.
IX. Attwelveo'ciock and thirty minutes afternoon
of the day appointed tor the return of the summons
against the person impeached, the legislative and
executive business of the Senate shall be suspended,
and the Secretary of the Senate shall administer an
oath to tho returning officer in tho form following,
viz: "I, , do solemnly swear that the
return made by me upon tho process issued on tho
 day of , by tho Senate of the United States,
against .is truly made, and that I have
performed such service as therein described; so help
me God." Which oath shall be entered at large on
tho records.
X. The person impeached shall then be called to
appear and answer the articles of impeachment
against him. If ho appear, or any person for him,
the appearance shall be recorded, stating particu-
larly it by hjmself, or by agent, or attorney, naming
the person appearing, and the capacity in which he
appears. If he do not appear, either personally or
by agent or attorney, tho same shall be recorded.
XI. At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes after-
noon of the day appointed for tho trial of tau im-
peachment. the legislative and executive business of
the Senate shall be suspended, and the Secretary
shall give notice to the House of Representatives
that the Senate is ready to proceed upon the im-
peachment of , in the Senate Chamber,
which Chamber is prepared with accommodations
for the reception of the House of Representatives.
Xtl. The hour of the day at which tho Senate shall
sit upon the trial of an impeachment shall bo (unless
otherwise ordered) twelve o'clock in.; and when the
hour loi'fueh sitting bha U arrive, the Presiding Oliicer
of the Senate shall so announce; and thereupon the
presiding officer upon such trial shall cause procla-
mation to bo toade, and tho business of tbo trial
shall proceed. Tlio adjournment of the Senate sit-
ting in said trial shall not operate as an adjourn-
ment of tho Senate; but on such adjournment the
Senate shall resume the consideration of its legis-
lative and executive business.
XIII. Tho Secretary of the Senate shall record
the proceedings in cases of impeachment as in tho
case of legislative proceedings, and tho same shall
bo reported in the same manner as the legislative
proceedings of the Senate.
XIV. Counsel for the parties^ shall be admitted
to appearand be heard upon an impeachment. ^
XV. All motions made by tho parties or their
counsel shall be addressed to the presiding ofiiccr,
and if he, or any Senator, shall require it', they shall
be committed to writing, and read at tho Secretary s
table. .
XVI. Witne3se3 shall be examined by one person
on behalf of tho party producing them, and then
cro^s-examincd by one person on the other side.
XVII. If a Senator is called as a witness he shall
be sworn and give his testimony standing m his
PXVIII. If a Senator wishes a question to be put
to a witness, or to offer a motion or order, (except a
motion to adjourn.) it shall be reduced to writing,
and put by the presiding officer. _ # .
XIX. At all times while the Senate is sitting upon
the rrial of an impeachment the doors ot the Senate
shall be kept open, unless the Senate shall direct
tho doors to be closed while deliberating upon its
decisions. . . , ,
XX. All preliminary or interlocutory questions,
and all motions, shall be argued for not exceeding
one hour on each side, unless tho Senate shall, by
order, extend tho time.
XXI. Tho ca<e, on each side, shall be opened by
"one person. Tho final argument on the merits may
be made by two persons on each sido, (unless other-
wise ordered by the vSenate, upon application tor
that purpose,) and the argument shall bo opened
and closed on tho part of the House of Representa-
tr\XIL On the final questionwlietherthe impeach-
ment is sustained, the yeas and nays shall be taken
on each article of impeachment separately; and it
tho impeachment shall not, upon any of the .articles
presented, be sustained by the votes of two thirds of
the members present, a judgment of acquittal shall
be entered; but if the person accused m such articles
of impeachment shall be convicted upon any of said
articles by the votes of two thirds of the members
present, UieSenato shall proceed to pronounce judg-
ment, and a certified copy of such judgment shall be
deposited in the office of the Secretary of State.
XXIII. 411 the orders and decisions snail be made
andlmd by yen* and nays, which shall be entered on
the record, and without debate, except when the
doors shall be closed for deliberation, and m that
case no member shall speak more than once on one
question, and for not more than ten minutes on an
interlocutory question, and for not more than fif-
teen minutes on the final question, unless by consent
of the Senate, to be had without debate; but a mo-
tion to adjourn may be decided without the yeas and
nays, unless they be demanded by one fifth of the
members present.
XXIV. Witnesses shall be sworn in the follow-
ing form, namely: "You, , do swear (or
affirm, as the case may be) that tho evidence you
shall give in the case now depending between the
United States and — shall be the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth: so help you
God." Which oathshall be administered by theSeo-
retary or any other duly authorized person.
Form of subpocma to be issued on the application
of the managers of the impeachment, or of tho party
impeached, or of his counsel:
To , greeting:
You and each of you are hereby commanded to
appear before the Senate of the United States, on
tho day of , at the Senate Chamber, in
the city of Washington, then and there to testify
your knowledge in the causo which is before tho
Senate, in Avhich the House of Representatives have
impeached .
Pail not.
Witness   . and Presiding Officer of the
Senate, at the city of Washington, this day of
and of the in-
-, in the year of our Lord -
dependence of the United States the-
Form of direction for the service of said subpoena:
The Senate of the United States to greeting :
You are hereby commanded to servo and return
the within subpeenaaccording to law.
Dated at Washington, this  day of in
tho year of our Lord , and of the independence
of tlio United States the .
Secretary of the Senate.
Form of oath to be administered to the members
of thoSenatesittinginthetrialofimpoachments;
"I solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be)
that in all things appertaining to the trial of the itn-
peachment of   , now pending, I will do
impartial justico according to the Constitution and
laws : so help meGrod."
Form of summons to be issued and served upon the
person impeached:
Thr United States op America, ss:
The Senate of the United States to   -greeting :
Whereas the House of Representatives oftheUnited
States of America did, on tho day of ^ex-
hibit to the Senate articles of impeachment against
you. the said in the words following:
[Hero insert tho articles.]
And demand that you, the said . should
be put to answer the accusations as set forth m.said
articles, and that such proceedings, examinations,
trials, and judgments might be thereupon had as aro
agroeablo to law and justice.
You, the said . nre therefore hereby
summoned to be and appear before tbeSenate.of the
United States of America, at their Chamber, in the
city of Washington, on the  —— day of at
twelve o'clock and thirty minutes afternoon, then
and there to answer to the said articles of impeach-
ment, and then and there to abide by, obey, and
perform such orders, directions; and judgments as
the Senate of tho United States shall make m the
premises according to the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
Hereof you are not to fail. _
Witness   and Presiding Officer of tho
said Senate, at the city of Washington, this —-—
0f 1 year of our Lord , and of the
independence of tho United States the
Form of precept to be indorsed on said writ of sum-
mons :
Tiie United States of Amebica. sp :
The Senate of the United States, to   ,greeting:
You aro hereby commanded to deliver to and leave
with   if conveniently to be found, or,if
not, to leave at his usual plaeo of abode, or at his
usual place of business, in some conspicuous place, a
true and attested copy of the within writ of sum-
mons, together with a like copy of this precept; and
in whic.hsoeverway you perform the service let it be
done at least days before tho appearance day
mentioned in said writ of summons. >
Fail not, and make return of this writ of summons
and precept, with your proceedings thereon indorsed,
on or before the appearance day mentioned m the
said writ of summons. _ ,
Witness .and Presiding Officer of the
Senate, at the city of Washington, this ——T,,
■, in the year of our Lord , and of tbo in-
dependence of the United States the -
All process shall be served by theSergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate, unless otherwise ordered by the court.
XXV. If the Senate shall at any time fail to sit for
tho consideration of articles of impeachment on tho
day or hour fixed therefor, the Senate may, by an
order to be adopted without debate, fix a day ana
hour for resuming such consideration.
The court was organized on Thursday, the
5th of March, the oath being administered to
the Chief Justice of the United States by Asso-
ciate Justice Nelsox, and by the Chief Justice
to the Senators present, except Mr. Wade,
■whose right to sit on the trial was challenged.
On Friday, the Gth, at the close of the debate
