1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
ment in the nature of a substitute. I presume
the reading of the substitute will be sufficient.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the reading of the original bill
will be dispensed with. The amendment will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the original bill after
the enacting clause, and to insert the following
in lieu thereof:
That the State of Nevada is authorized to select
the alternate even-numbered sections within the
limits of any railroad grant in said State in satisfac-
tion, in whole or in part, of the seveial grants made
in the following acts of Congress, to wit: The act
organizing the Territory of Nevada, passed March 2,
1861; the act admitting the State ot Nevada into the
Union, passed March 21,1864, and the act concerning
certain lands granted to Nevada, passed July 4. I860:
Provided, This privilege shall not extend to lands
upon which there may be rightful claims under the
preemption and homestead laws: AndprovidedtT\i&t
if lands be selected, the minimum price of which is
$2 50 per acre, and which lands are not upon the six-
teenth or thirty-sixth sections already granted to the
State, or indemnity lands for said sections, each acre
so selected shall be taken by the State in satisfaction
ot two acres, the minimum price of which is $1 25 per
acre. And provided further, That the lands granted
in the eighth and ninth sections of the said act admit-
ting Nevada into the Union shall be selected within
four years from the passageof this act, and theperiod
for the selection of said lands is hereby so extended.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the lands
known and designated for the establishment of an
agricultural college by the act of July 2,1862. and the
acts amendatory thereto, shall he selected in the same
manner and of the same character of lands as may
be selected in satisfaction of any other grants re-
ferred to in the firstsection of this act. But this act
shall not authorize the selection of lands valuable
for mines of gold, silver, quicksilver, or copper. This
act shall apply to selections heretofore made, with
the same limitations and restrictions applicable to
future selections: Provided, That the same shall not
interfere with any rightful claims underthe preemp-
tion or homestead laws.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the land
office at Belmont, Nye county, State of Nevada, is
hereby removed to Aurora, in Esmeralda county,
and the district shall bo known as the Aurora dis-
trict. The countics of Nye, Lincoln, and Lander
shall constitute a land district, the office of which is
located at Austin ; and the Pie^identshall be author-
ized hereafter, from time to time, as circumstances
may require, to adjust the boundaries of any and all
of the land districts in said State, and change the
location of the land officc from time to time, when
the same shall be expedient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one inquiry
which I wish to make and wish to have an-
swered. This bill authorizes the State of
Nevada to select lands granted for railroad
purposes 
Mr. STEWART. No; it simply authorizes
her to select the cven-numbcredscctions within
the limits of the railroad grants, provided that
if she makes any selection of thorn applying to
lands worth $2 50 per acre she shall only take
half the number of acres that has been allowed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator does not
understand me. This allows the selection for
railroad grants.
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Secretary to
read the last clause of the second section. I
thought we did not agree to that in committee.
The Secretary read the latter part of the
second section of the committee's amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The question with me
was whether we agreed to apply it to " selec-
tions heretofore made."
Mr. STEWART. We agreed to it in this
precise language after full discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I had forgotten it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I doubt whether those
words are necessary to accomplish the purpose
intended by the Senator from Nevada, and
they may have the effect to legalize a selection
go as to take it from under the control of the
proper Department of deciding upon the selec-
tion. If the Senator thinks those words are
important to his bill I shall not contest it; but
we ran the risk, perhaps, of legalizing by ex-
press enactment the selections already made
vhen it really is an administrative question to
go before the proper office. IftheSenator.thinks
it will answer his purpose as well, I would
rather those words were left out of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I_ have no objection to
striking out from the ninth to the twelfth line
inclusive. That clause does not make much
difference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is hardly
in order to make that amendment now because
the amendment reported by the committee has
been agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When the
bill is reported to the Senate it will be in order
to make that amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask one other
question. Why does not the Senator use the
words that we usually use in these bills," exclud-
ing all mineral lands ?" I do not know whether
there are any other mineral lands than those
specified here.
Mr. STEWART. There are no others that
I know of. This is the language used in all
the acts in regard to Nevada.
Mr. POMEROY. We have generally said
"mineral lands." The question is whether
they can take coal lands. It is held by the
Department now that coal lands are mineral
lauds. Formerly it was held that they were
not. In my Slate we have preempted all the
coal lands.
Mr. STEWART. This isthe same language
that was used in the other grants ; it follows
the language used in them precisely.
Mr. POMEROY. The Department now
holds that coal lands are mineral lands, and if
so. it would give a right to select coal lands
under the provisions of this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ne-
vada is willing to strike out certain words in
the second section, and I prefer that they
should be stricken out.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to strike out
this clause, because I learn that only two sec-
tions have been selected, and I do not care for
it; it is not material. The clause is the ninth,
tenth, eleventh, and twelfth lines of the second
section, in these words:
This act shall apply to selections heretofore made,
with the same limitationsand restrictions applicable
to future selections: Pn/vidfd, That the same slnill
not interfere with any rightful claims under the pre-
emption or homestead laws.
That clause may be stricken out, because I
have learned since, by a letter received from
there, that there were but two of these selec-
tions ; and it is quite immaterial whether this
clause is retained or not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'Hie ques-
tion is on the motion to strike out the clause
just read at the end of the second section of
the amendment made iu committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Several gentlemen wish
to look at this bill before it finally passes, and
it is evident that it cannot be looked at with
any consideration to-night. I therefore move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator would
allow me to call up a bill that will lead to no
debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 know that there are
a great many other things to be called up; but
I think it best to insist on my motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator^ from
Maine will allow me before that question is
put, this bill has in it but one single proposi-
tion 
Mr. FESSENDEN. But gentlemen wish to
look at it. Several have said so to me, and
one in particular said that he desired to con-
sider it; and therefore I thought, as it could
not be considered to-night, that I would make
the motion for an executive session.
executive session.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein
the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 7, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
vacancy filled.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed Mr. Beatty to fill a vacancy on the
Committee on Invalid Pensions caused by the
death of Mr. IIamiltox.
government lands on pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, reporteda
bill (H. R. No. G60) to restore lands to market
along the line of the Pacific railroad and
branches; which was read a first and second
time.
It enacts that nothing in the act approved
July 1, 1862, entitled '• An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," and the acts amendatory thereof, shall
be held to authorize the withdrawal or exclu-
sion from settlement and entry, under the pre-
emption or homestead law, the even-numbered
sections along the line of the several routes
therein mentioned which have been, or here-
aftermay be, located ; provided, that such sec-
tion shall be rated at $2 50 per acre, subject
only to entry under those laws. And the Sec-
retary of the Interior is directed to restore to
homestead settlement, preemption, and entry,
according to existing laws, all the even-num-
bercd sections of land belonging to the Gov-
ernment now withdrawn from market cm both
sides of the Pacific railroad and branches,
wherever said road and branches have been def-
initely located.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harbor at port washington.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, asking for an appropriation for a
harbor at Port Washington, Wisconsin ; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the regular order.
The House accordingly proceeded, as the
regular order of business in the morning hour,
to the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
m. a. straight.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back a bill (H. B.
No. 373) to place the name of M. A. Straight
upon the pension-rolls of the United States,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
It directs the name of the applicant, widow
of Aionzo A. Straight, to be placed on the
pension-rolls, subject to the laws in relation to
pensioners.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to rcconsidei the vote
by which the bill was passed , and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sarao e. p1ckell.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 0o'J) granting a pen-
sion to Sarah E. Pickell; which was read a
first and second time.
It directs the name of the applicant, widow
