3088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
up four millions of money a month formerly,
and I am utterly opposed to giving him author-
ity to destroy any kind of property that he
takfes out of the pockets of the people for taxes.
The only excuse you have for taxing a man is
that you want the money to disburse, to meet
the Government, expenditures. You have
no right to tax Mm in order to get means to
destroy, I take it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not know of anybody that has
really shown such an exhibition of hostility
against any parties destroying their own notes
except an Irish mob that once broke into a
private banker's establishment inGreatBritain,
and they thought they were doing him immense
harm by burning up his own printed notes.
It seems, according to the Senator from Wis-
consin, to bean immense harm to the Govern-
ment of the United States to destroy their
promises to pay 1 1 certainly do not compre-
hend it. I think this is a question merely of
expansion and I propose to introduce an
amendment so that we shall neither expand
nor contract, so that there shall be an equal
amount of circulation afloat after the passage
of this bill that there was.before it. That is
all there is to it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Irishman
and I would have reasoned precisely alike if
it had happened that the house that was broken
open was controlled by a man situated pre-
cisely as the Government of the United States
is. If the notes had been the only means the
man had to live on, I think the Irishman would
have been entirely right in refusing to destroy
them and entirely right in concluding that
they would do the owner of the house a great
injury in burning them up. These notes are
just what the Government has got to live on
for this year, and you raised these notes for
that very purpose. That is the difference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, called for the
yeas and nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I knew how to accom-
plish it I should vote either for or against the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont in
such a way as to defeat this fifth section. I
deeply regret that a proposition should be
brought into the Senate by the Finance Com-
mittee to commence the work of expansion, to
borrow $20,000,000 in time of peace. I think
it a humiliating spectacle to this nation that
we should propose now to borrow $20,000,000.
That is exactly what this is. I had hoped that
we were gradually, as time passed on, approach-
ing the period when we should again have
specie payments, when the business of the
country would be done upon a specie basis;
but it seems we are to depart from that, and
to commence borrowing, $20,000,000 at a clip
here, and the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses, 1 believe, to borrow $100,000,000.
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois please explain how, if this section is
adopted, we borrow ยง>20,000,000?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will read
it, he will see that it proposes to amend sec-
tion twenty-two of the banking act so that the
maximum limit of circulation fixed by that act
shall be increased $20,000,000. That author-
izes an additional issue of $20,000,000 for
which the Government will be bound.
Mr. DRAKE. How bound ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Government will
be responsible for the notes.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me the position
taken by the Senator from Illinois^ is -hardly
tenable. I do not know how this can be
considered as borrowing. The proposition is
simply to authorize the issuing of $20,000,000
more of circulation, for which United States
securitiesare to be placcd in charge of the Comp-
troller. I do not regard it in any light as add-
ing to the indebtedness of the United States.
It cannot possiblv be so construed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whenever an individual
or a Government puts out a circulation, or
authorizea anybody else to put it out, for which
it is bound, I regard that as borrowing so
much money; it comes back to the Govern-
ment to be paid. You propose to issue an
additional currency here, and get further and
further, as it seeirs to me, all the time from
that specie basis to which it ought to be the
desire of the country to return. I think the
material interests and the prosperity of the
country require us to get back to specie pay-
ments as soon as we can. I do not believe we
are approaching it when we are expanding the
currency.
Mr. DRAKE. I shall be very far from
attempting to participate in a general discus-
sion of the general aspects of our currency and
finances; but there is one thing in regard to
this matter which I know enough about to be
able to say. I find that the opposition to this
section, which is avowedly intended for the
benefit of those States where there is very little
circulation, comes from those portions of the
country where they have all the circulation
they need and plenty to spare; where they
have fifty dollars of circulation for every inhab-
itant, and are not willing to give more than
fifty cents of circulation to some of the other
portions of the Union. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance stated that fact, that
there are some of the States south and west
which have not twelve cents, I think he said,
per capita circulation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I wiU give him the figures. In the three
States of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and
Connecticut they have $59,000,000, more than
twice their proportion of circulation according
to population. If an amendment'were offered
proposing to withdraw the $20,000,000 from the
States having a great excess, I should feel dis-
posed to vote for it, though I do not want to
disturb those States.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Finance now state how the tax-
ation per capita is in those States?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not prepared to do
that here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. My State happens to be one
of those so situated when the banking act went
into effect, that we could not command the
bonds that could be commanded in other sec-
tions of the country in order to get banking
circulation. Overrun with war, with our whole
population profoundly afflicted and impover-
ished, we could not do as New England could,
accumulate money and buy bonds and get
national bank circulation. They were growing
rich while we were growing poor. Now, sir,
when we are beginning to gather up a little
again from the adversity of that period and are
in a position where we can get bonds and
pledge them for national bank note circulation,
New England and New York, gorged with all
that they want, stand here to say that we shall
not have any addition whatever to our national
bank circulation.
Mr. President, I confess that I do not know
much about finance ; but I know enough to
understand that kind of injustice, and to utter
my protest against it here on the floor of the
Senate. I know another thing about this mat-
ter: that there is now not a circulation of
money in this country more than equal to about
twelve dollars and some cents per capita of the
population of the country ; whereas, in 1880,
there was a circulation per capita of fifteen
dollars. I know another thing, too, that the
business of the country was largely conducted
then with notes and bills of exchange, requir-
ing much less money than it requires now,
when the business of the country is so largely
a cash business. And yet, sir, we are to be
kept down and down and down all the time by
that region of country which is going about
loaded down with the money that it made in
the period of our affliction. Sir, I think I can
see this, and I can see it strong ""enough to
justify me in expressing my views in this man-
ner in behalf of the- region of country from
which I come.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am sorry
to hear the remarks made by the Senator from
Missouri. The Senator speaks of what he
knows, and he tells us very positively that we
have less money in circulation per capita than
we had before the war. Sir, we have $1550,000,-
000 of paper money in circulation now. We
had $200,000,000 before the war, and the per-
centage is larger than it was before the war.
So his knowledge is at fault on that point.
Mr. DRAKE. Perhaps not.
Mr. WILSON. Sir,theSenator's knowledge
is at fault on another point. He tells us that
we in New England made money in the war,
so as to be able to establish banks. The fact
is we in New England have no more banks
now than we had when the war began. Several
of our State banks refused to become national
banks. The banking capital of Massachusetts
has been increased but little, if any, and the
same is true of the New England States. The
Senator talks about our making money. Let
me say that no part of the country made money
in the war as did the agricultural States of the
West. They increased their wealth and their
population largely, they paid off mortgages,
and they came out of the war stronger than
ever before. New England made money in
the war, but the percentage was not one third
of what the profit of the N orthwest was.
How comes it that in New England we have
so large a proportion of the national bank
capital? We had the banking capital before
the war. In my State we had more than sixty
million dollars of banking capital when the
war began. On this capital we received one
per cent, into the Treasury to support the State
government. Congress asked us to change
our State banks into national banks, and we
promptly did it. Is there anything in this
deserving reproach ? Is there anything wrong
in it? Is this patriotic action to be assailed
here ? The other States that chose to convert
their State banks into national banks did so.
The western States did so, and they estab-
lished some new banks.
I wish we could come to a free-banking sys-
tem at once. If we could reach specie pay-
ments I would be for it; but we cannot do it
at present. Now, it is proposed by this com-
mittee to add to the national currency $20,000,-
000. I propose to have $100,000,000 of bank-
ing capital established in the new sections of
the country and in the South, for the reason
that what they want there is not circulation so
much as capital. Establish banks there, and
they will be managed by the business men of
the locality who have a local feeling and inter-
est, and they will invest the capital at home,
invest it in their local business. Issue an equal
amount of greenbacks, and they will float to
the Atlantic sea-board, and this greenback is
a talk in favor of Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia, and against all the agricultural
portions of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the same principle,
would not the bank notes come here?
Mr. WILSON. Not to the same extent, by
any means. They generally contrive to keep a
portion of the circulation at home. Of course
the circulation will tend to the commercial
points, but the capital will remain at home, and
will be employed in the local business of the
country. What they need in these new sections
is active capital much more than circulation.
Sir, I regret to hear assaults made on any
section of the country. There is an inequality
in the banking system which ought to be rem-
edied, and I am in favor of beginning now. I
have, however, been voted down in my amend-
ment, and now I will vote the $20,000,000. But,
sir, the idea thrown out in the Senate about
founding circulation on population is one of
the most absurd ideas ever uttered by sensible
men. There are portions of a State that need
one hundred times the banking capital that
other portions of the same State do. There
are some States that need ten or twenty times
as much banking capital and circulation as
