1G40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
of John Pickell, late of the thirteenth regiment
New York volunteers, to be placed on the pen-
sion-rolls, at the rate of seventeen dollars per
month, commencing April 6, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
c v tile.Ml was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payme.nt of bounties and pensions.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Commit-
tee on Invalid _ Pensions was discharged from
the consideration of resolutions adopted at a
meeting of soldiers of Wisconsin, January 3,
1868, relative to the payment of bounties and
pensions ; and the same were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
• heirs of william craft.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. G61) granting a pen-
sion to the widow and minor children of Wil-
liam Craft; which was read a first and second
time.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-rolls the names of the
widow and minor children of the late William
Craft, late of company H, eighty-second Penn-
sylvania regiment, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, to com-
mence April 6, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved- to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colombia deaf and dumi1 institution.
Mr. SPALDING. With the permission of
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Perham,] I
ask leave to report back from the Committee
on Appropriations a bill (H. R. No. 541)
making appropriations for the service of the
Columbia Institution for the Instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb, and establishing additional
regulations for the government of the institu-
tion.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the bill be
printed, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made
the special order for Thursdav of next week.
Mr. WASHBUfiNE, of Illinois. I do not
wish this to be made a special order to come
in before the general appropriation bills, as
this is not a general appropriation bill.
_The SPEAKER. The general appropria-
tion bills will have priority in Committee of
the Whole unless they are laid aside.
Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] to name some day toward the lat-
ter end of this month for this bill, by which
time the other appropriation bills will probably
be out of the way.
Mr. SPALDING. I will move that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole, made
the special order for the last Thursday of this
month, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
heirs of george It. waters.
Mr. PERHAM reported from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions a bill (H. R. No. 662)
granting a pension to the widow and minor
children of George R. Waters, with a recom-
mendation that the same do pass.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-rolls, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the names of the
widow and minor children .of George R. Wa-
ters, late a member of the fiftieth regiment
New York engineers, commencing November
17, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
• Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
louis a. tiiil.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Louis
A. Uhl; and the same was laid on the table.
cyllus k. wood.
Mr. PERHAM also reported from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions a bill (H. R. No.
C63) granting a pension to Cyrus K. Wood, the
legal representative of Cyrus D. Wood, with a
recommendation that the same do pass.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to pay to Cyrus Iv.
Wood, of Auburn, Maine, the father and legal
representative of Cyrus D. Wood, late a member
of company II, tenth Maine volunteer infantry,
at the rate of eight dollars a month from the 8th
of May, 1863, to 6th of June, 1860, and of
twenty-five dollars a month from the Gth of
Juno, 1866, to the 8th of April, 1807.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report be
read.
The Clerk began the reading of the report,
but before concluding,
Mr. HOLMAN said : As this seems to be a
lengthy report I will not ask for the farther
reading of it But I desire to make an inquiry.
It is stated in the report, I notice, that this
soldier died leaving neither widow nor chil-
dren, yet it is proposed to give a pension to his
representative. Now, I desire to know who is
the representative.
Mr. PERHAM. The father of the soldier,
who is very poor, and who spent his all and
more, too, in taking care of his son while
living.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
susan libby.
Mr. PERHAM moved that the Committee
on Invalid Pensions be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Susan
Libby, of Maine, for bounty and back pay for
the service of her son, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
charles gouler.
Mr. PERHAM also reported, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, a bill (II. R. No.
GG4) granting a pension to the minor children
of Charles Gouler, with a recommendation that
the same do pass.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of the minor children of
Charles Gouler, late a private in company F,
ninth New Hampshire volunteers, commenc-
ing April 18, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
susan v. berg.
Mr. PERHAM also, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported back, with an
amendment in the form of a substitute, a bill
(H. R. No. 421) granting a pension to Susan
V. Berg.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that the Secretary of the Interior be author-
ized and directed to place on the pension-rolls,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Susan V. Berg, widow
of Charles Berg, who was killed while in the
employ of the quartermaster's department, in
Kansas, on or about the 12th of November,
1864.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the report.
The report, which was read, states that
Charles Berg was first clerk of Captain Golds-
borough, quartermaster of the United States
Army while on his way from Leavenworth,
Kansas, to Fort Zarah; that when a body of
Indians were approaching in a hostile manner
Berg was taking a gun from an ambulance for
the purpose of joining in repelling the.attack,
when the gun was accidentally discharged, the
ball entering liis wrist, inflicting a wound which
rendered amputation necessary. Gangrene
supervening, he died in about three weeks.
His widow alleges that Berg served in the Army
in various capacities, as a private, lieutenant,
assistant surgeon, surgeon, and major, for a
considerable time prior to his service as clerk
to Captain Goldsborough. Though not strictly
an enlisted man at the time the injury occurred,
he was attempting in good faith to repel an
attack of Indians threatening the lives of the
command with which he was connected and
the property of the Government. The com-
mittee, therefore, believe his widow entitled to
a pension.
The substitute was adopted.
The bill as amended was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
henry snelling.
Mr. PERHAM also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely upon the
petition of twenty-four citizens of New York,
for a pension for Henry Snelling. of Geneva,
New York; which was laid on the table.
henry ii. hunter.
Mr. PERHAM also, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
6GG) granting a pension to Henry H. Hunter;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Henry H. Hunter, a
lesident of Knox county, Kentucky, who was
wounded while serving with the first regiment
of Kentucky volunteer cavalry, the pension to
commence October 7, 1861.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
a third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
, , . , , 4M moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
3iary graham.
Mr. PER,HAM, from the same committee
reported a bill (H. R. No. 667 (for the relief of'
Mary Graham ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
