6
SUPPLEMENT TO
on the point suggested, the objection was with-
drawn and the oath was administered. On
Friday, the 18 th of March, the trial commenced,
of which we give a detailed report. The de-
bates on the preliminary proceedings appear
in their order in the Congressional Globe.
Friday," March IS, 1868.
The Chief Justice entered the Senate Cham-
ber and took the chair.
The CHIEF JUSTICE, (to the Sergeant-at-
Arms.) Make proclamation.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Hearye! hearyc!
All persons are commanded to keep silence
while the_ Senate of the United States is sitting
for the trial of the articles of impeachment ex-
hibited by the House of Representatives against
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I move for
the order, which is usual in such cases, noti-
fying the House of Representatives that the
Senate is thus organized.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Journal of the
last day's proceedings will first be read.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Chief Justice, there are
several Senators to be sworn.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The first business
is to read the Journal of the last session of the
court. TheSenatorswillbesworninafterwards.
The Secretary read the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of the Senate sitting for the trial of
impeachment of Andrew Johnson, President
of the United States, on Friday, March 6, 18G8.
Mr. CONIvLlNG. I move that the reading
of the articles of impeachment in extejiso, which
I understand are entered on the Journal, be
dispensed with. I understand that the other
House is ready to be announced.
'Ihe CHIEF JUSTICE. That suggestion
will be considered as agreed to if no objection
bo made.
The Secretary ifontinued and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
Mr._ HOWARD. If it be now in order, to
save time I ask that the order which I sent to
the Chair be passed by the Senate, informing
the House of Representatives that the Senate
is organized for the trial of the impeachment.
1 he CIIIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the order submitted by the Senator from
Michigan,
The Secretary read as follows:
Ordered, That Uio Secretary inform tho Houso of
Representatives that the Senate is in its Chamber,
ami roady to _ proceed with the trial of Andrew
Johnson, President of tho United States, and that
scats are provided for tho accommodation of tho
mem born.
The order was agreed to.
1 he CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will introduce tho managers.
Tho managers on the part of the House of
Representatives appeared at the bar, were
announced by the Sergeant-at-Arms, and con-
ducted to the position assigned them.
Managers—Hon. John A. Bingham, of
Ohio; George S. Boutwell, of Massachu-
setts; Jambs F. Wilson, of Iowa; John A.
Logan, of Illinois; Thomas Williams, of
Pennsylvania; Benjamin F. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts ; Tiiaddkus Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. G RIMES. Mr. Chief Justice, there arc
several Senators who have not yet been sworn
as members of this court. I therefore move
that tho oath be administered to them.
I he CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
call the names of Senators who have not yet
been sworn.
The Secretary called the names of Senators
^ ho were riot previously sworn.
Messrs. Edmunds, Patterson of New Hamp-
shire, and Vickers, severally, as their names
were called, advanced to the des.k, and the
prescribed oath was administered to them by
the Chief Justice.
Ihe CHILE JUSTICE. The Secretary of
the Senate will read tho return of the Sergeant-
at-Arms to the summons directed to bo issued
by the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the following return
appended to the writ of summons:
The foregoing writ of summons, addressed to
Andrew Johnson, President of the United States,
andthe foregoing precept, addressed to mo, were this
day duly served on tho said Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of tho United States, by delivering to and leav-
ing with him true and attested copies of the same at
the Executive Mansion, the usual place of abode of
the said Andrew Johnson, on Saturday, the 7th day
of March instant, at seven o'clock in the afternoon
of that day. GEORGE T. BROWN,
Sergeant-at-Arms of the UnitedStates Senate.
Washington, March 7, 1868.
The Chief Clerk administered to the Ser-
geant-at-Arms the following oath:
"1, GeorgeT. Brown, Sergeant-at-Arms of th e Sen-
ate of the United States, do swear that tho return
made and subscribed by me upon the process issued
on tho 7th day of March, A. I). 1S68, by tho Senate
of the United States against Andrew Johnson, Pres-
ident of the United States, is truly made, and that
I liave performed said service therein prescribed.
So help me God."
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will call the accused.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, appear
and answer the articles of impeachment ex-
hibited against you by the House of Repre-
sentatives of tho United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that the
President has retained counsel, and that they
are now in the President's room attached to
this wing of the Capitol. They are not ad-
vised, I believe, of the court being organized.
I move that the Sergeant-at-Arms inform them
of that fact.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. If there be no
objection the Sergeant-at-Arms will so inform
the counsel of tho President.
The Sergeant-at-Arms presently returned
with Hon. lienry Staubery, of Kentucky; Hon.
Benjamin R. Curtis, of Massachusetts; and
Hon. Thomas A. E. Nelson, of Tennessee;
who were conducted to the seats assigned the
counsel of the President.
Mi\ _ CONKLING. To correct a clerical
error in the rules or a mistake of tho types
which lias introduced a repugnance into the
rules, I olfer the following resolution by direc-
tion of the commitee which reported the rules:
Ordered, That the twenty-third rule, respecting
proceedings on trial of impoaehmcnts, bo amended
by insert ing after tho word "debate " tho words " sub-
ject, however, to tho operation of rule seven."
If thus amended tho rule will read:
All orders and decisions shall bo made and had by
yeas apd riuys, which • hall be onteredon the rccord
and without debate, subject, however, to tho opera-
tion of rule.seven, cxccpt when the doors shall be
closed, &c.
_ The whole object is to commjt to the pre-
siding officer the option to submit a question
without the call of tho yeas and nays, unless
they be demanded. That was the intention ori-
ginally, but the qualifying words were dropped
out in the print.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
amending the rules in the manner proposed bv
theSenator from New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms announced the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, who
entered the Senate Chamber preceded by the
chairman ofthe Committee of the Whole House,
(Mr. E. B. Washbuexe, of Illinois,) into which
that body had resolved itself to witness the trial,
who was accompanied by the Speaker and Clerk.
Ihe CHILL JUSTICE, (to the counsel for
the I resident.) Gentlemen, the Senate is now
sitting for tho trial of the President of the
United Stales upon articles of impeachment
exhibited by the House of Representatives.
Ihe court will now hear you.
Mr. SIANBEEY. Mr. Chief Justice, my
brothers Curtis and Nelson and myself are
here this morning as counsel for the President.
1 have his authority to enter his appearance,
which,with your leave, I will proceed to read:
In the matter of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States.
Mr. Chief Justice: I.Andrew Johnson,
i resident oftlie United State;, having been
serve'd with a summons to appear before this
honorable court, sitting as a court of impeach-
ment, to answer certain articles of impeach-
ment found and presented against me by the
honorable the House of Representatives of tho
United States, do hereby enter my appearance
by my counsel, Henrv Stanbery, Benjamin R.
Curtis, Jeremiah S. Black,William M. Evarts,
and Thomas A. R. Nelson, who have my war-
rant and authority therefor, and who are in-
structed by me to ask of this honorable court
a reasonable time for the preparation of my
answ-er to said articles.
After a careful examination of the articles of
impeachment and consultation with my coun-
sel, I am satisfied that at least forty days will
be necessary for the preparation of my answer,
and I respectfully ask that it be allowed.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The paper will be
filed.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, I
have also a professional statement in support
of the application. Whether it is in order to
offer it now or to wait until the appearance is
entered your Honor will decide.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The appearance
will he considered as entered. You may pro-
ceed.
Mr. STANBERY. I will read the state-
ment:
In the Matter of ihe Impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States.
Henry Stanbery, Benjamin R. Curtis, Jere-
miah S. Black, William M. Evarts, and Thomas
A. R. Nelson, of counsel for the respondent,
move the court for the allowance of forty days
for the preparation of the answer to the arti-
cles of impeachment, and in support of the
motion make the following professional state-
ment:
The articles are eleven in number, involv-
ing many questions of law and fact. Wehave,
during the limited time and opportunity af-
forded us, considered as far as possible tho
field of investigation which must be explored
in the preparation of the answer, and the con-
clusion at which we have arrived is that with
the utmost diligence the time we have asked
is reasonable and necessary.
The .precedents as to time for answer upon
impeachments before the Senate, to which we
have had opportunity to refer, are those of
Judge Chase and Judge Peck.
In the case of Judge Chase time was allowed
from the 3d of January until the 4th of Febru-
ary next succeeding to put in his answer, a
period of thirty-two days; but in this case
there were only eight articles, and Judge Chase
had been for a year cognizant of most of the
articles, and had been himself engaged in pre-
paring to meet them.
In the case of Judge Peck there was but a
single article. Judge Peck asked for time from
the 10th to the 25th of May to put in his an-
swer, and it was granted. It appears that
Judge Peck had_ been long cognizant of the
ground laid for his impeachment, and had been
present before the committee of the House upon
the examination of the witnesses, and had been
permitted by the House of Representatives to
present to that body an elaborate answer to the
charges.
It is apparent that the President is fairly en-
titled to more time than was allowed in either
of the foregoing cases. It is proper to add that
the respondents in these cases were lawyers,
fully capable of preparing their own answers,
and that no pressing official duties interfered
with their attention to that business; whereas
the President, not being a lawyer, must rely
on his counsel. The charges involve his acts,
declarations, and intentions, as to all which
his counsel must be fully advised upon consul-
tation with him, step by step, iti the prepara-
tion of his defense. It is seldom that a case
requires such constant communication between
client and counsel as this, and yet such com-
munication can only be had at such intervals
as are allowed to the President from the usuai
