1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4113
Mr. HOWARD. I have not examined this
bill at all, although I am a member of the
Committee on Claims. I have had no oppor-
tunity to do so. My engagements have led me
in another direction. I wish to inquire of the
honorable Senato'r where this cotton was taken,
whether within the rebel lines or elsewhere?
Mr. WILLEY. No, sir; it was not within
the rebel lines.
Mr. HOWE. I see this bill is leading to
discussion, and I think I must call for the
regular order.
Mr. WILLEY. I trust not. The case is so
obviously correct that I hope it will be allowed
to pass.
Mr. HOWE. I must call for the order of
the evening.
Mr. WILLEY. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw his objection. There
can be no possible doubt about the case.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommendingan appropriation to pay
the expenses incident to the recovery of cer-
tain captives in the hands of the Comanches
and lviowa Indians of the plains ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, relative to sup-
plies furnished by J. Ii. Brown for Indians in
the vicinity of Devil's lake, Dakota Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
INDIAN APPROPKIATION BILL.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I do notknow whether
it is in order or not, but if it is I should like
to take up House bill No. 1010.
The PRESIDENT£>;'o tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] calls for the
regular order.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall go on
with the unfinished business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought we came
here to-night to consider the appropriation
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDENT protempore. It is pend-
ing all the time, and can only be passed over
by common consent.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1073) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fultilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending oOlh June, 18G9.
Mr. CORBET 1'. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to a
small amendment which has been made
through misapprehension, I think. In line
fourteen hundred the appropriation should be
$500 instead ot S-J^O, and 1 think that amend-
ment was recommended by the committee;
but instead of that, that change is made in line
fourteen hundred and four. The clause now
reads:
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping in
repair saw aud fluunug mills, and lor furnishing the
necessary tools and fixtures, per Ii 11 ii article treaty
9th J une, 1855, $d()0.
That should be $500 there, instead of in line
fourteen hundred and four. It is ill the ap-
propriations for the_ Yakama nation. I thiuk
the change in line fourteen hundred and four
from SoOOto $500 should not have been made.
Mr. HENDERSON, i think the Senator
is right. That change can be made in liues
fourteen hundred and fourteen hundred and
four.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
The question now is on the amendment pend-
ing piior to the recess, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert after line fifteen hundred and
sixty-seven the following -.
ITor expenses of removing and subsisting destitute
40TII CONK. 2D Bkss.—No. 258.
Cherokees, now in the State of Texas and Choctaw
and Chickasaw country, to their homes in the Cher-
okee country, $20,000.
To pay expenses of two commissioners appointed
to appraise Cherokee neutral lands, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, §4,550, to be refunded
from sales of said lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask that the vote may be
taken separately on the first clause of the
amendment. I think that clearly ought to be
stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be on the first clause of the amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire before the
vote is taken on that clause that the estimate
and the letter of the Department may be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., March 27,186S.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
dated the 10th instant, with accompanying papers, in
relation to removing certain destitute Cherokee In-
dians, now scattered through the Indian territory, to
their homes in the Cherokee country, together with
a statement and estimate of the probable eost of
removing said Indians, and of subsisting them for
three months after they reach their home.
The attention of Congress is respectfullyinvited to
the favorable consideration of the subject.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
0. H. BROWNING,
Secretary of the Interior.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Departhknt of the Interior,
Op* ice of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., March 10,1868.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith copies
of a letter from the principal chief and chairman of
the delegation of Cherokees, dated the 28th ultimo,
inclosing a copy of a communication from late Super-
intendent Byers, relative to the removal of certain
destitute Cherokces, scattered through the Indian
territory, to their homes in the Cherokee country,
making a statement in legard to the matter, nndsub-
mitting an estimate of the probable cost of such re-
moval and the subsistence of the persons who are
removed for three months after their arrival home.
The fact that there are many of the Cherokees who
left their homes during the late war and have since
been unable to return from the want of means and
assistance, has long been known to this office. It
has been impossible for the Department to afford
any help to these destitute persons, owing to their
being no funds at its disposal that could be used
either for removing or subsisting them.
It is the opinion of this office that some steps
should be taken to have the Indians in question re-
turned to their homes at the earliest day praeticable.
To do'this it will be necessary to have Congress ap-
propriate the necessary funds. The estimates sub-
mitted by the principal chief of the nation and the
chairman of the delegation is considered too high.
It is thought that $75,000 will be sufficient for the
purpose, and also that the removal of the Indians
and disbursement of the funds should be made under
the directions of your Department instead of the
nation.
If you coincide with me in the views herein ex-
pressed. I respectfully request that the matter be
laid before Congress for such action as in its wis-
dom may be deemed necessary and proper.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. G. TAYLOR, Vomunxftioiier.
Hon. O. H. Browning, Secretary of the Interior.
Washington, D. C. rebruary 29,1S6S.
Sir: The undersigned, representativesofttieCher-
okee nation, have the honor herewith to lay before
you a copy of a communication from Hon. William
B.ver&, late hupenntendent of Indian affairs, marked
"A," under date ot January 10, 186<, asking lor
the removal and relief of certain absentee desti-
tute Cherokees, who have been left, by the opera-
tion of the late war, in th? ChoeUiw, Chickasaw,
and Creek nations, as also m the States of Texas,
Arkansas, .Missouri, and Kansas, and elsewhere, and
who de.-irc to return to their homes in the Cherokee
' nation, hat are unable to do so on account of their
j extiemc destitution.
We are udvi<ed that this important matter has.
' from time to time, been brougtit to the attention of
1 both the Interior and War Departments, since the
; communication of the superintendentreterred to
1 above was presented by a delegation ot Cherokees,
i consisting of Messrs. Fields, Adair, and bcal.es, but
! without any satisfactory results. Irorn time tu
! time, since the war, our nation and citizens have
j moved a portion of these people, but, alter repeated
j efforts, they find it impo^ible to effect anything
1 further in regard to their icmovsl, not having any
J means so to do ; so that there are yet away from
their homes, according to the best of our mfotma-
I tton, not less than one thousand Cherokees, chicny
: helpless women and children. As beiurc intimated,
the>e people an  not confined to anyr)>uiticuinr
class, but are scattered irom Kansas to Texas, and
over difteicut poiiions ot ttio Indian temu>o\ and
aro now entirely hclple.-s, and hu\eno effective
source but the magnanimity ot the Government to
which to appeal as their guardian and protector.
The average distance over which they will have to
be removed will be about one hundred and seventy-
five miles to reach their homes. During their re-
moval they will have to be subsisted, and, after they
reach their homes, they should be sustained a short
season—say three months—until by their own labor
they may be able to sustain themselves, We here-
with submit a statement, marked " B," showing
the probable costs and expenses in removing and
subsisting these people, and would respectfully
request that an estimate be made and submitted
by the Department of the Interior for their re-
moval and subsistence to Congress, as we are in-
formed has been recently done tor the Creek Indians;
and that the necessary appropriation be asked for,
and turned over to our principal chief, to speedily
restore all of our absentee Cherokees to their homes.
Trusting that the Government of the United States,
as the protector of the Cherokces, in its kindness,
will extend to our distressed absentee people the
hand of humanity and compassion, we take great
pleasuie in assuring the Government that the Cher-
okee people are now more united m sentiment and
brotherly feeling toward each other than they have
been tor the last f rty years, and it is our earnest
hope that our whole people soon may be gathered
together in their own country, that they may strive
to promote their happiness and prosperity, and to
elevate themselves in the scale of civilization, re-
finement and religion, with other enlightened peo-
ple, and to cultivate peaceful relations with the
Government of the United States.
We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servants,
LEWIS DOWNING,
Principal Chief Cherokee JSation.
. H. D. 11EKSE,
Chairman, Cherokee Delegation.
Hon. N, G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
A,
Office of Superintendent Indian Affairs,
Fobt Smith, Arkansas, January 10,1867.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit to you a copy
of a communication from J. P. Davis, assistant and
acting chief ot the southern Cherokee Indians, upon
thesubjeet of removing the destitute southern Chero-
kees, who now are in the State of Texas and in the
Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, to their homes in
the Canadian district in the Cherokee nation.
Prior to the receipt of this communication I had
heard that these people were in a very helpless and
destitute condition—many of them women and chil-
dren, without any means of subsistence or transport-
ation. I have conversed with intelligent Choctaws
and Chickasaws and others, who profess to be well
acquainted with tueir condition, and they all give
substantially the same statement. I am advised that
'there are delegates irom the southern Cherokees and
from the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations now in
Washington, who, no doubt, could give you satis-
factory information on this subject. I am informed
that these destitute people are located at different
points in the Choctaw and Cnickasaw nations, and
in Kudk county, Texas; that there are about four
hundred in Texas, who are destitute and unable to
move themselves; and that it is about lour hundred
miles irom there to their homes in-the Caerokee
nation; that there are about fit'teen hundred of these
destitute people in the Choctaw and Chickasaw na-
tions, and that it would average about one hundred
and seventy-live miles irom where they now are to
their homes in the Cherokee nation, it is repre-
sented to me that the most convenient point at which
these people could be delivered, iu order to reach
their homes, would be at or near Webber's Falls,
Canadian district, in the Cherokee nation, on the
Arkansas river. These people are so widely scat-
tered, it would take time aud trouble to collect them
together and remove tbem to their own country, and
their deplorably destitute and suffering condition
requires that whatever the Government will do m
the premises should be done as soon as practicable.
I do not feel at liberty to act in the matter, either as
to furnishing them subsistence or removing them; I
therefoie submit thesubject to your conaideituion
and advisement.
Your obedient servant, W. BYERS,
Superintendent Indian Affairs.
Hon. Lewis Bogy, ... ~
Commixniuiter of Indian Ajfairs, Washington, D. C.
Statement showing the number of absentee Cherokeestobe
removed to thar homes m tne Cherokee naiion, and
subsisted ; aUo probable cost of the same.
Estimated number to be removed and subMsted 1,000
Estimated number of miles to be traveled in
removal    175
Estimated number ot days required to remove
them  60
Estimated number of wagons and teams re-
quired to remove them, allowing ten pei&ons
to one wagon  100
Estimated number ot days during which they
should be subsisted atter reaching home  100
costs a.n1> expenses.
; For hire of one hundred wagons at five dollars per
i day for sixry da\s, the time required for re-
! nioval   Jj&O.OUO
, For commutation ot rations during the period
| of removal, sixty days, ior one thousand
i peisons, at ibity cents per day each  21,000
: For commutation oi lation** tor one thousand
! persons, at lorty cents each per day, lur one
hundred days, a: the time during winch
I these Cherokces should be subsisted atter
• reaching home •  40,000
Total amount required..
$04,000
