THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hours that must be devoted to his high official
duties.
We further beg leave to suggest for the con-
sideration of this honorable court, that as
counsel, careful as well of their own reputa-
tion as of the interests of their client in a
case of such magnitude as this, so out of the
ordinary range of professional experience,
where so much responsibility is felt, they sub-
mit to the candid consideration of the court,
that they have a right to ask for themselves
such opportunity to discharge their duty as
seems to them to be absolutely necessary.
Henry Stakbery,
B. R. Curtis,-
Jeremiah S. Black, "i n „
William m. evar^ } peril b"
Thomas A. It. Nelson,
Of Counsel for the Respondent.
March 13, 1868.'
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
I am instructed by my associate managers to
suggest to the Senate that under the eighth^
rule adopted by the Senate for the government
of this proceeding, after the appearance of
the accused at its bar, until that rule be set
aside by the action of the Senate a motion for
continuance to answer is not allowed, the pro-
vision of the rule being that if he appear he
shall answer ; if lie appear and fail to answer,
the case shall proceed as upon the general issue ;
if he do not appear the case shall proceed as
upon the general issue. The managers ap-
peared at the bar of the Senate impressed with
the belief that the rule meant precisely what
it says ; and that in default of an appearance
the trial would proceed as upon the plea of not
guilty ; if upon appearance no answer should
be filed, in the language of the rule the trial
should still proceed as upon the plea of not
guilty.
' Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chief Justice, if the con-
struction which the honorable managers have
placed upon this rule be the correct one, the
counsel of the President have been entirely
misled by its phraseology. They have con-
strued the rule in the light of other similar rules
existing in courts of justice. For instance, in
a court of equity over which your Honor in
another place presides, parties are by a sub-
pauia required to appear on a certain day and
answer the bill; but certainly it was never un-
derstood that they were to answer the bill on
the day of the appearance. So it is in a variety
of other legal proceedings ; parties are sum-
moned to appear on a certain day, but the day
when they are to plead is either fixed by some
general rule of the tribunal or there is to be a
special order in the particular ease. Here wc
find a rule by which the President is required
to appear on this day and "answer" a,nd
'• abide." Certainly that part of the rule which
relates to abiding has reference to future pro-
ceedings and to the final result of the case.
And so, as we have construed the rule, that part
of it which relates to answering has reference
to a future proceeding, which occurs in the ordi-
nary course of justice, as I have stated, either
under some general rule or by a special order
of the court. We submit, therefore, as coun-
sel for the President, that this interpretation
of the rule which is placed upon it by the hon-
orable managers is not the correct one.
Mr. Manager WILSON. Mr. President, I
desire to say on behalf of the managers that we
do not see how it were possible for the eighth
rule adopted by the'Senate to mislead the re-
spondent or counsel. That rule provides that—
"Upon the presentation of the articles of impeach-
ment and the organization of the Senate as herein-
before provided awritof summons shall issue to the
accused, reciting said articles, and notifying him to
appear before the Senate on a day and at a place to
be fixed by the Senate and named in such writ and
tile his answer to said articles of impeachment, and
to stand to and abide the orders and judgmentsof the
iSenate thereon."
The rule further provides that—
"If the accused, after service, shall fail to appear,
either in person or by attorney, on the day so fixed
therefor, as aforesaid, or appearing shall fail to file
his answer to such articles of impeachment, the trial
shall procccd noverthlcss aa upon a plea of not
guilty."
The learned counsel, in the professional
statement submitted to the Senate, refer to the
cases of Judge Chase and Judge Peck. I pre-
sume that in the examination of the records of
those cases the attention of counsel was di-
rected to the rules adopted by the Senate for
the government of its action on the trial of
those cases. By reference to the rules adopted
by the Senate for the trial of the cases of Judge
Chase and Judge Peck we find that a very
material change has been made by the Senate
in the adoption of the present rules. The
third rule in the case of the trial of Judge Chase
prescribed the form of summons, and required
that on the day to be fixed the respondent
should appear, and "then and there answer."
The same rule was adopted in the Peck case.
But the present rule adds to the rule of those
cases the words to which I have called the
attention of the Senate, that he shall appear
"and file his answer to said articles of im-
peachment," and that if, on appearing, he
" shall fail to file his answer to such articles of
impeachment, the trial shall proceed never-
theless as upon a plea of not guilty."
I submit, therefore, Mr. President, that the
change which has been made in the rules for
the government of this case must have been
made for some good reason. What that rea-
son may have been may be a subject of dis-
cussion in this case hereafter; but the .change
meets us upon the presentation of this motion ;
and we therefore ask, on the part of the House
of Representatives, which we are here repre-
senting, that the rule adopted by the Senate
for the government of this case may be en-
forced. It is for the Senate to say whether
the rule shall stand as a rule to govern the
case, or whether it shall be changed; but,
standing as a rule at this time, we ask for its
entorcement.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, the
objection taken by the honorable managers is
so -singular that in the whole course of my
practice I have not met with an example like
it. A case like this, Mr. Chief Justice, in
which the President of the United States is
arraigned upon an impeachment presented by
the House of Representatives—a case of the
greatest magnitude we have ever had—is, as
to time, to be treated as if it were a case be-
fore a police court, to be put through with
railroad speed on the first day the criminal
appears! Where do my learned friends find
a precedent for calling on the trial upon this
day? It is in the language of the.ir summons.
They say, " We have notified you to appear
here and answer on a given day." We are
here ; we enter our appearance ; but they ask,
"Where is your answer?" As my learned
brother [Mr. Curtis] has said, you have used
precisely the language that is used in a sub-
poena in chancery; but who ever heard that
when the defendant in a chancery bill enters
his appearance he must'come with his answer,
ready to go on with the case, and enter upon
the trial? We were summoned to appear and
answer ; we have entered our appearance and
stated that we propose to answer ; wc do not
wish this case to go by default: we want a
reasonable time ; nothing more.
Consider, if you please, that it is but a few
days since the President has been served with
this summons; that, as yet, all his counsel are
not present. Your Honor will observe that of
the five counsel who have signed this profes-
sional statement two are not present and can-
not be present to-day, and are not (at least, I
am sure, one is not) in the city to-day. Not
one of us, on looking at these rules, ever sus-
pected that it was the intention to bring on the
trial this day. And yet I understand the
learned gentlemen who read these rules to so
read them according to the letter that we must
g.o on to-day. Now, let us see how it will do
to read them all according to the letter. If
the gentlemen are right, if we are here to an-
swer to-day, and to go into the trial to-day,
then this is the day fixed for the trial by your
rules. Let us see whether it is.
Sule nine provides:
"At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes afternoon
of the day appointed for the return of the summons
against the person impeached,"
This is the return day; it is not the trial
day. The letter answers the gentlemen. Ac-
cording to the letter of the eighth rule they
say "this is the trial day; go on; not a mo-
ment's delay j file your answer and proceed
to trial; or without your answer let a general
plea of not guilty be entered, and proceed at
once with the trial." The ninth rule says this
is the return day, not the trial day. Then the
tenth rule says:
"The person impeached shall then bo called to
appear and answer the articles of impeachmont
against him."
That is the call made on the return day.
The accused is called to appear and answer.
He is here ; he appears ; he states his willing-
ness to answer; he only asks a reasonable
time to prepare the answer. Then rule eleven
speaks "of the day appointed for the trial."
That is not this day. This day, the day which
the gentlemen would make the first day of the
trial, is, in your own rules, put down for the
return (lay, and you must have some other day
for the trial day to suit the convenience of the
parties; so that the letter of one rule answers
the letter of another rule.
But, pray, Mr. Chief Justice, is it possible
that under these circumstances we arc to be
caught in this trap of the letter? As yet there
has not been time to prepare an answer to a
single one of these articles. As yet the Presi-
dent has been engaged in procuring his coun-
sel, and all the time occupied with so much
consultation as was necessary to enable us to
fix the shortest period which in our judgment
is necessary for the due preparation of his
answer.
Now, look back through the whole lino of
impeachments, even to the worst times, and
where there was the greatest haste ; go back
to English precedents, and English fair play
always gave fair time. This is the first instance
to be found on rccord anywhere, in which,
upon the appearance day, the defendant was
required to put in his answer and immediately
proceed to the trial. Why, sir, we have not a
witness summoned ; wo hardly know what
witnesses to summon until the pleadings are
prepared. We are entirely at sea.
I submit, Mr. Chief Justice, to the honor-
able court that are to try this case, whether
we are to be put through with this railroad
speed? "Strike, but hear." Give us the
opportunity that even in common civil cases
is allowed to the defendant, hardly ever less
than thirty days for his pleading and answer ;
more often sixty. Give us time; give us a
reasonable time ; and then, with a fair hear-
ing, we shall be prepared for that sentence,
whatever it may be, 1hat, you shall pronounce.
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
it was 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Before counsel
proceed, the Chief Justice desires to state to
the Senate that he is somewhat embarrassed
in the construction of the rule. The twenty-
first rule provides that "the case on each side
shall be opened by one person." He under-
stands that as referring to the case made when
the evidence is all in and the cause is ready for
argument. The twentieth rule provides that—■
"All preliminary or interlocutory question.-; and
all motions shall bo argued for not exceeding one
hour on each side, unless the Senate shall by order
extend the time."
Whether that limitation is intended to apply-
to the whole argument upon each side or to the
argument of each counsel who may address the
court is the question which the Chief Justice
is at a loss to solve. On the pending motion he
has allowed the argument to proceed without
attempting to restrict the number of speakers,
and, unless the Senate order otherwise, he will
proceed in that course.
