1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
must] has stated them to be, it seems to me to
afford us no good reason for rejecting this bill.
It is doubtless true that in most cases the pro-
vost marshals had nothing to do which had in
any degree the character of military service,
strictly so called. It may be true that in most
instances the provost marshals had only to
perform clerical duties. Grant that. This bill
does not propose, either expressly or by impli-
cation, to grant a pension for the performance
of mere clerical duties. This bill merely seeks
to apply the rule which applies to soldiers, to
provost marshals and the employes of provost
marshals when the duties they perform are
analogous to those performed by soldiers.
Now, the duty performed in this case was
not a clerical duty. It was a duty which in-
volved physical danger. It was a duty which
not only involved but actually resulted in lo3s
of life. It was the arrest of a deserter who
killed the officer who attempted to arrest him.
It is no answer to say that the men who are
engaged in this kind of duty ordinarily are per-
forming merely clerical duties. The committee
do not ask you to give a man a pensioit or to
give a pension to the widow and heirs of a
man who was merely engaged in performing
clerical duties, but they ask you to give a pen-
sion to a man who was performing a duty in
its nature military and who lost his life in the
performance of that duty. Now, it does seem
to me that the facts stated by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] do not furnish
any good reason for refusing to enact the bill
reported from the committee. I am in favor
of its enactment.
Mr. PERHAM. I think I must now insist
upon calling the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to one more question?
Mr. PERHAM. For a question, yes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire to know of
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Perham,] ifhe
thinks it is right to grant pensions to the widows
of men who were engaged working upon rail-
roads and unfortunately were killed, or of those
agents who were employed for a bounty, and
who so far as I know were a class of spies, and
■who were to receive a bounty for arresting de-
serters ; taking their chances, as one may say ?
They were generally men who made enough
money by the bounties which they secured to
buy themselves olf from the draft.
Mr. PERHAM. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman any further. I will answer any ques-
tion which is applicable to the case.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a single question.
Mr. PERHAM. Very well.
Mr. MAXNAR'D. I desire to inquire whether,
in the opinion of the gentleman, who^ is the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, [Mr. Peeham,] every person who was
engaged in the general military service of the
country, whether combatant or non-combatant,
and who lost his life, is not entitled in the Per"
son of his widow and his orphans to be rewarded
by his Government, whether he who was ex-
posed to danger which cost him his life, and
was not permitted to have arms in his hands
to protect him, may not, at least, have been as
meritorious as he who-went into the stiuggie
viiih. arms able to defend himself against dan-
g6Mr. PERHAM. Possibly so; but that has
nothing to do with this case; I must now in-
sist upon the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tne
main question was ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Rosa, to reduce the pension from that
of " second lieutenant" to that of private,
and being taken, upon a division there were—
ayes 55, noes 54. ,
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PERHAM called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. 1 euham and
Mr. Ross were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 59, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave 01? absence.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for two weeks for Mr. Dixon.
myron wilklow.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 069) granting a pension to the widow and
minor children of Myron Wilklow.
The bill was read a first aud second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-rolls, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the names of the
widow and minor children of Myron Wilklow,
late a member of company B, forty-seventh
Ohio volunteers, commencing Jane 2, 18G5.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iibiks 01' andrew hoi-man.
Mr. VAN AERNAM also, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (II.
R. No. 070) granting a pension to the widow
and children of Andrew Holman ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize and direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-rolls, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
names of the widow and minor children of
Andrew Holman, late a private in company G,
twenty-ninth regiment Ohio volunteer infantry,
the pension to commence March 2G, 1S63.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the reading of the
report.
The report, which was read, states that Hol-
man served faithfully with his command, shar-
ing inallits campaigns and marches. Wounded
at Chancellorsville, he yet participated in the
battle of Gettysburg. After the disaster at
Chiekamaugain September, 1803, his regiment,
with other troops, was sent to reenforce the
Army of the Cumberland. lie served all through
the campaign from Chattanooga to Atlanta,
and marched with General Sherman to the sea.
On the march from Savannah, Georgia, he was
taken sick before reaching Fayetteviile, North
Carolina, and at Fayetteviile ho was put on
board of a hospital transport, with other siek
and wounded of the Army, and has never been
heard from since. The committee believe the
evidence of his death sufficient, and report the
bill for the benefit of his heirs.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
widow of iienby kaneday.
Mr. VAN AERNAM also, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 071) granting a pension to the
widow of Henry Kaneday ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read/proposes to au-
thorize and direct the Secretary ot the Inte*
rior to place on the pension-rods, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of the widow and minor chil-
dren Of Henry Kaneday, late a private m com-
nauv I, fifteenth regiment Iowa infantry, the
pension to commence March 15, 1862
The renort, which was read, states that Kan*
eday died at Keokuk, Iowa, March 5, 1862,
while home on sick furlough. He entered the
military service of the United States early in
the summer of 1801, and served faithfully until
after the battle of Pittsburg Landing, partici-
pating in the hardship, excitement, and expo-
sures incident to that persistent and terrible
struggle. He soon after became prostrated
by sickness. A furlough was granted him to
■ go to his home at Keokuk, Iowa, where he
! died from his disease two days after reaching
there. The widow of Kaneday has been una-
ble to procure a pension from the Department
in consequence of the conflicting statements
of the" surgeon who saw him prior to his leav-
ing the front and the physician who attended
him after he had reached his home and until
his death. The committee, after thorough in-
vestigation, are of opinion that the disease of
which Kaneday died was contracted while he
was in the service of the United States and m
the line of his duty as a soldier. They there-
fore recommend the passage of the bill for the
relief of his heirs.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
- Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hems of ciiaules tt. wilcox.
Mr. VAN AERNAM also, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
(II. R. No. G72) granting a pension to the
widow and minor children of Charles W. Wil-
cox ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill proposes to authorize and direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-rolls, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the names of
the widow and minor children of Charles W.
Wilcox, late of company B, ninety-seventh
Illinois volunteers, commencing March 16,
1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN s. phelps.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 673)
granting a pension to the widow and minor
children of John S. Phelps; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the names of the widow und minor children of
John S. Phelps, late lieutenant thirty-fifth regi-
ment Kentucky counted infantry, commenc-
ing July 23, 1863.
The report was read. It states that Saflronia
C. Phelps is the widow of John S. Phelps, who
served in the thirty-fifth regiment Kentucky
mounted infantry from its organization, in 1801,
to the 26th clay of May, 1863, when lie received
from the Governor of Kentucky a commission
as second lieutenant in the thirty-fifth regiment
Kentucky volunteer infantry, then being raised
for the United States service. This was granted
as a merited recognition of his bravery and
skill as a soldier. He entered^ipon his duty
as a second lieutenant, and while attempting
to execute the order of his commanding offi-
cer, Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Weir, to recover
