1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4ll5
have already invested in the canal $50,000, and
it now becomes necessary, it seems, to abandon
the work or make an additional appropriation.
It is like a great many other public works.
"When we have appropriated what we supposed
was sufficient originally it turns out that it is
necessary to make much larger appropriations.
And I cannot promise the Senate that it will not
be necessary to make another appropriation in
this case. I shall make no promise about it.
All I can say is that the officers in authority
say they can complete the work for that
amount of money, and it is the estimate.
There are a large number of Indians in Ari-
zona, as I have just stated, thirty-five thousand ;
and the proposition now is to get all of them
on this reservation or as many as it is possi-
ble to get there.
Mr. HOWARD. Is the canal constructed
on the Indian reservation?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; the water
is to be conducted a distance of thirty miles.
It takes a canal or ditch thirty miles in length
in order to get the water.
Mr. HOWARD. It strikes me that this is
a very anomalous appropriation. Here is an
Indian reservation selected, as I presume, by
the Indians themselves or by their friends, for
their residence and their comfort; and it so
happens that in order to make it comfortable
and productive to the Indians, the United
States are obliged to make large appropriations
of money to construct irrigating canals, solely
for the benefit of the Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the
Senator that at the time the reservation was
established it was very well known that in
order to carry on agricultural operations with
any degree of success it was necessary to irri-
gate it, and an estimate was then made of
§100,000, but Congress appropriated only half
that amount, $50,000.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, I do
not see any propriety in appropriating for
such an object as this, and I think the sooner
we put an end to it the better. Nobody can
see the termination of this style of expenditure.
We appropriate this year over $80,000, as re-
quired by this amendment, to complete irrigat-
ing canals in a country, which, according to
the information that I receive, is little better
in some portions of it than an arid desert; and
to what extent these measures will go it is
impossible to foresee. We shall be called
upon from year to year to add to the amount
of money which we are thus laying out by way
of experimenting for the benefit of the Indians.
It will exhaust in the end nobody can tell
what amount; and I think in the present fee-
ble state of the Treasury, we may well pause
in prosecuting this experiment. Let us see at
all events whether the $50,000 which have
already been expended have been of the slight-
est benefit even to the Indians. The experi-
ment has been going on now some two or three
years, as I understand. It must be that by this
time the officers in charge there are able to give
us some information as to the fruits of the ex-
periment. I am opposed to indulging this sort
of experiment with irrigating canals in the
Indian country and on Indian soil.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to my friend
from Michigan that the building of a canal for
the purposes of irrigation is not an experiment
at all. If he lived in the State that I repre-
sent in part here he would understand it all.
Many of these canals are built in that State by
private enterprise, the water being used for
the benefit of both mining and agricultural
purposes, at the expense, some of them, of
$1,000,000. There are not probably less than
$10,000,000 of that work in the State of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. HOWARD. All done for the benefit
of private individuals?
Mr. CONNESS. Exactly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from California whether there
are any engineer's reports about the work that
has already been done, and what information
we have on the subject?
Mr. CONNESS. I answer the Senator that
it does not take a great deal of engineering to
build a canal of that kind. Any man with a
common level can build such a canal, giving
it about an inch or three quarters of an inch
fall. Then it is dug, and a portion of it is
flumed. It is not a work of engineering to
any extent. It is very commonly done. It
is a question here on this reservation whether
we shall ship via San Francisco, California,
produce, at a cost of perhaps seven cents a
pound, or enable the Indians by their own
labor to raise what they consume. The land
is there, and is rich; but, as my friend says, it
is arid; during one half of the year the rains
do not fall; but the water is by in the Colo-
rado river, and can be brought there. The
land is there, the labor is there, and there is
no way so cheap to provision the Indians and
take care of them as to furnish them the means
of labor and water in this manner.
Mr. PIOWARD. It seems that it comes to
this: that the United States are really support-
ing the Indians on that reservation.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not by any means;
they support themselves.
Mr. HOWARD. We are supporting them
by way of expending money to enrich and
fructify their soil, thus enabling them to make
a living out of the soil. I take it that is a
contribution to the support of the Indians
directly.
Mr. CONNESS. What else do you do any-
where?
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know that the
United States are in the habit of appropriating
money simply for the support of the Indians.
It is very true that we reserve lands for Indians
in our treaties with them, and the Indians go
upon those reservations, and there, by hunting
and fishing, or by cultivating corn and other
grains, support themselves. It is also true that
as part of the consideration for cessions of
land made to us under Indian treaties we pay
the Indians annuities from year to year to enable
them to live. But according to this plan these
Indians are mere dependents on the Govern-
ment; they are mere paupers, having not the
means of supporting themselves on that spot.
Now, had we not better, in order to simplify
the whole proceeding, take these Indians quietly,
and put them in some region of country where
they will be able to support themselves either
by agriculture or by their own habits of fish-
ing and hunting? 1 am opposed to this appro-
priation of public money for the benefit of
private persons as such. This case cannot be
distinguished from an appropriation of money
for the support of A, B, C, and D in any
other part of the country.
Mr. CONNESS. My friend is opposed to
aiding the Indians to build a canal as a means
of living; but he is not opposed to the bill that
wasintroduced here by himself or his colleague
to make a grant of land, which is equal to a
grant of money, for building a canal in Michi-
gan for commercial purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a public work.
Mr. CONNESS. Is not this?
Mr. HOWARD. It is not; because we do
not support Indians out of the public purse.
Mr. CONNESS. Why, Mr. President, it is
a question, as the honorable Senator states it.
as to whether we shall feed these Indians or
enable them to feed themselves ; but a canal
built in Michigan is a public work, and acaual
built in Arizona is a private work! There is
no such distinction#
Mr. HOWARD. Are these irrigating canals
navigable waters?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, Mr. President, they
may be tuade navigable.
Mr. HOWARD. Are they made navigable?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir, sometimes they
are made navigable. They are made to trans-
port lumber very frequently. That is a com-
mercial purpose. There is a bill reported now
to this body from the Committee on Public
Lands to enable a company to build such a
canal, by the aid of a grant of public lauds, in
the Territory of New Mexico; and such grants
must be made. These arteries are the life of
these countries where they have a dry and a
rainy season, but principally a dry season.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is this canal in
Arizona navigable?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; I apprehend not.
This canal will be used for agricultural pur-
poses. These canals are used in all such coun-
tries ;'theyare used in Spain and Italy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
from Michigan should bear in mind the differ-
ence between our Indian relations in all those
countries we acquired from Mexico and what
they are in other cases where we have acquired
land from Indian tribes. When we acquired these
territories from Mexico we adopted the Mexi-
can law, which did not acknowledge the title
to the land to be in the Indians. We have
had no treaty with these Indians, and about
thirty-five thousand of them are roaming over
this Territory of Arizona. Unfortunately for
us we have been in a state of war with these
Indians a considerable portion of time. We
have now four regiments in Arizona struggling
with these Indians and trying to keep the
peace—I do not mean the Indians on the res-
ervation, but other Indians—costing us un-
doubtedly $10,000,000 a year.
Mr. HOWARD. Do I understand the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin to say that
there was any difference between the principles
of the Government of Spain in regard to the
rights of soil on the new continent and those
of England ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly, in relation
to dealing with the Indian tribes.
Mr. HOWARD. As to the right of soil?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We have always, in-
heriting the common law of England, treated
the Indian as if he had a right in the soil, and
we have made treaties with him by which he
has ceded his land. Of course, however, we
only acknowledge in him a possessory right,
claiming on our part the preemption right, the
exclusive right to purchase of the Indian. All
that did not exist under the laws of Mexico,
and the relations which they bore to the In-
dian tribes were very different.
While the military are at work in Arizona
trying to keep the peace and reduce the In-
dians to a state of quiet, as a jrnrt of a policy
of endeavoring to have peace in Arizona, the
Government has sought to establish this reser-
vation. This reservation is in the valley of
the Colorado, where the ground is very rich,
but you can produce nothing unless you water
the ground, and the only way to get water is_
by conducting this canal around the base of
the highlands just outside the valley, and carry-
ing a ditch around for twenty or thirty miles,
and then the water can be spread oyer the val-
ley, and the greatest crops can be raised in that
valley. It is a very rich, hot, and fertile valley.
1 have no doubt that cotton can be produced
there, and sugar can be produced there. Now,
this expenditure of $80,000, to build this
acequia for the purpose of getting these Indians
to work on the ground, and raise something to
live upon, is a mere bagatelle when you con-
sider what you are spending every day there in
our military operations. AVemust deal with
Indians in one of two ways: we must either
deal with them in the peaceable way, have peace
with them, or fight them and kill them. It is
much more expensive to fight and kill them
off than it is to try and induce them to go on
reservations, and become enabled to support
themselves, we aiding them and doing some-
| thing to their support also. That is the real
truth of the situation, as I understand it.
Mr. HOWARD. Ail this is based on the
assumption which remains yet to be estab-
lished, that the Indians thus provided for will
cease to be rovers, that they will cease to be
mere hunters and fishermen and tribes or no-
il mads. , ^ ,
I Mr. CONNESS. We have proved that.
'I Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; that remainsJo
be proved. I do not believe it-
:j believe that these wild rovers of th°
11 Arizona will go to work and earn a living lor
