1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
a horse belonging to the United States, one
Hugh Moss, a violent rebel, shot and instantly
killed him. The committee deem this a merit-
orious case, as he was killed in the line of his
duty, and report a bill accordingly.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william s. hamlin.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 674)
granting a pension to the widow of William S.
Hamlin; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of the widow of William S. Hamlin,
late of company G, third Iowa volunteers, com-
mencing December 16, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
tie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORNELIUS S. RICK.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 675)
granting a pension to the widow and minor
children of Cornelius S. Rice ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the names of the widow and minor children of
Cornelius S. Rice, late of company B, ninety-
first regiment Pennsylvania volunteers com-
mencing December 4, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS CONNOLLY.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the sarne com-
mittee, also reported a bill (H. R. No. 676)
granting a pension to Thomas Connolly; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-rolls, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Thomas Connolly, company A,
sixty-ninth New York volunteers.
It appears that Thomas Connolly, late private
company A, sixty-ninth New York volunteers,
twenty-two years of age, entered the Army 1st
day of July, 1864; that while engaged in the
battle of Ream Station he was taken prisoner ;
that he was confined in Libby Prison, at Belle
Island, and at Salisbury from August20,186-1,
to 25th of February, 1865; that he was dis-
charged from the Army 13th July, 1865 ; that
after his discharge he was stricken with paral-
ysis, and is now a cripple #ithout means of
support, being at the Soldiers' Home and de-
•pendent upon charity.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
III5IRS OF JAMES IIEATHiiRLY.
Mr. NUNN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 6n)
granting a pension to the minor children ot
James Ileatherly; which was read a first and
second time.
It grants a pension to the minor children of
James Heatherly, late of company E, eleventh
West Virginia volunteers, commencing Decem-
ber 19, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The fatter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I offer the following resolution, and de-
mand the previous question:
Resolved, That the resolution of March. 5, 1867,
relating to the drawing of seats in the House, be
rescinded, and that immediately after the passage
of this resolution the members of the House proceed
to draw seats in the same manner in which seats were
drawn in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
I desire to say that at the commencement of
this Congress, on the 4th of March, six States
were unrepresented.
Mr. PISRHAM. Mr. Speaker, is this a
question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. It has always been ruled
a privileged question. It is not a question of
privilege, because that affects the right of a
member to his seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, how did the gentleman from Vermont get
the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized
him.
Mr. SPALDING. I submit it is not a ques-
tion of privilege for every day of the year. It
is only for one drawing for one Congress or
one session of Congress that the resolution is
admissible, and we have acted upon it once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot sustain
that point. It is no question of privilege at
all, but a privileged question, and the Chair
cannot say but that a privileged question may
be presented more than once during a session.
It is for the House to determine.
Mr. POLxlND. I offer this resolution not
on my own behalf. At the time of drawing
for seats at the commencement of the present
Congress I was here and drew for a seat with
the rest. Whether I got a good seat or not I
took my chance, and of course I have no rea-
son to complain. But I offer this resolution as
an act of justice to the members from the six
States who had not been elected at that time.
If any gentleman here was able in their absence
to secure himself a comfortable seat, and de-
sires to prevent those gentlemen from having
a fair opportunity to compete with him for a
seat, to which they are as much entitled^ as
himself, I confess 1 do not appreciate that kind
of feeljng.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Vermont that the clerks
inform him it will be impossible to execute
this resolution immediately. The names of
members have to be prepared before the draw-
ing can take place.
Mr. POLAND. Then 1 will modify it so as
to haye the drawing take place to-morrow
morning.
Mr. UPSON. 1 understand the gentleman
to offer this, not on his own behalf, but on be-
half of new members. I wish to understand
if he would vote against the resolution?
Mr. POLAND. I shall vote in favor of it.
Mr. UPSON. Then I understand it is offered
on the gentleman's behalf.
Mr. POLAND. 1 yield to the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Bexto".]
Mr. BENTON. I rise to say a word upon
this question in my own behalf. As I under-
stand it this House decided in March last, at
the commencement of the first session of thi3
Congress, which was callcd by special act of
Congress, that the seats should be drawn and
distributed among the members, and, as has
been stated by the gentleman from Vermont,
five or six States were not represented at all.
It was proposed here some weeks ago that
there should be another drawing, the number
of members of the House having been increased
by the presence of members from those States
that were not represented here at the first
when the drawing took place. Now, it strikes
me that every man who has an idea of what is
fair and honorable must concede that there is
no equality so far as those States are concerned.
Their Representatives had no opportunity to
take their chance in securing favorable seats.
The States which they represent have not been
fairly dealt with in that respect. Now, sir,
any man who is nicely and securely located in
a favorable place, who will for the sake of a
convenient seat refuse to allow his brother
members who have had no opportunity to
draw for seats a fair chance in a little matter
of this kind, I would not trust him with a
matter of magnitude. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire a single question.
Mr. BENTON. I yield for a question.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman if
he expects that we shall draw for seats again
when the Representatives from Alabama come
in in the course of two or three weeks and
again when the other States come in ?
Mr. BENTON. I am prepared to answer *
that question. I say that if there are additions
made to this House by the representation of
States that are not now represented, let us
have a new shuffle and deal. [Laughter. J Let
the whole House have a fair chance.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask if the
words "shuffle" and "deal" are parliament-
ary language? [Laughter.]
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would ask the gen-
tleman if there was not a proposition for a
drawing this session ?
Mr. BENTON. I understand the question
of the gentleman from Ohio to be whether there
was not a regular drawing at this session. I
do not understand that there has been any
drawing at this session. There was a drawing
at the special session.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I may be mistaken;
but I think there was such a proposition made
and it was voted down.
Mr. BENTON. I understand that there was
a resolution providing for a drawing introduced
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
NAiti>,] and it lacked only one or two votes of
passing. I suppose it will pass now. That,
however, was a different resolution, exempting
several gentlemen, and among others the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] who is
very favorably located in this House.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to correct an
error. As the gentleman has referred to me,
he will allow me to explain.
Mr. BENTON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. SPALDING. When a gentleman upon
the other side proposed to except my name
and to leave me my seat I declined it, and I
made the motion myself to lay the resolution
on the table, and it was laid on the table. I
did not assent to that resolution at all.
Mr. BENTON. Yes ; I understand that the
gentleman did make that motion, and I think
1 understand why he made it.
Mr. SPALDING. Some of us must occa-
sionally draw indifferent seats. Why, during
the whole of the last Congress I was over on
the African coast all the wliiie. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman is not excepted by this resolution, as I
think he should not be. I think that we should
all stand upon a common level upon this floor
and have equal rights and privileges. That is
all I ask and all that is demanded by this res-
olution. [Cries of "Question," "Question."]
Mr. POLAND. This resolution does not
except the four venerable gentlemen who were
excepted in the resolution offered before. It
was found that very little could be made by
that kind of bribery, for I believe every one of
the excepted gentlemen who was present voted
against, the resolution. My recollection is that
