1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3091
portions of the State the control of the Legis-
lature. The sparsely-populated parts of the
State are those where there are very few
negroes, the parts inhabited by the white rebels,
the men who, coming in from Georgia, Ala-
bama, and other States, control the fortunes
of their several counties. By this constitution
every county in that State is entitled to a rep-
resentative. There are in that State counties
that have not thirty registered voters; yet,
under this constitution, every one of those
counties is entitled to a representative in the
Legislature; while the populous counties are
entitled to only one representative each, with
an additional representative for every thousand
inhabitants.
I say to this House that there never was
such a constitution framed by any State of this
Union as that which has been framed by this
so-called State of Florida. In my opinion, it
will be wise, very wise for this House to reject
the State of Florida until she shall come here
with cleaner hands than she now presents.
Mr. Speaker, I do not desire to say anything
further upon this question.
Mr. PAINE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield the floor to me?
Mr. BINGHAM. How long a time does
the gentleman desire?
Mr. PAINE. Ten minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, yes.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, it is not with-
out great reluctance and real pain that I
find myself compelled to oppose that portion
of the report of the committee which favors
the inclusion of Florida in this bill. I would
be strongly in favor of concurring in the amend-
ments of the Senate with an amendment strik-
ing out Florida. The government of that State
is to a considerable extent in the hands, and I
understand is destined to be in the hands, of citi-
zens of my own State, of some of whom 1 ain the
warm personal friend, and hence it affords me
deep regret to be compelled, in the interest of
what I believe to be justice and fair play, to
oppose the inclusion of Florida in this bill.
As the bill passed this House it did not
include that State. Florida has been ingrafted
upon our bill by the Senate; and I rise now to
oppose the Senate substitute so far as Florida
is concerned, and to give to the House, as I
am bound to, my reasons for opposing it. I
can do no less than this, because it has been
my duty as a member of the committee to scru-
tinize this constitution. I ought to explain to
the House its character. After I have done that
it will be for each member to decide himself
■ whether hewill or will not vote for concurrence.
Now, sir, in 1860 the census gave Florida a
population of 140,425. Florida is inferior in
wealth, and, I believe, in numbers, to the aver-
age congressional districts of the United States.
I have no idea that there is in the State of
Florida this day one half, if, indeed, there is
one third, of the wealth or the ability to bear
the burdens of taxation that is to be found in
the average congressional districts of the
United States. At the last election 21.819
votes were cast. The number of registered
voters was 28,003. This differs but little from
the vote cast in the several congressional dis-
tricts of the United States. I have a copy of
the constitution of Florida in my hand, and
from the provisions of that instrument relating
to the appointment and election of the officers
of the State I will show to the House what
officers are appointed by the Governor with
the consent of the Senate, what, officers are
appointed without the advice or consent of the
Senate, and what officers are elected by the
people, with the terms of each and their sala-
ries, so far as they are fixed by the constitu-
tion. Of all the officers of that State the Gov-
ernor, Lieutenant Governor, Legislature, and
constables alone are elected by the people.
The following officers are to be appointed by
the Governor by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate: one chief justice for life,
with a salary of $4,500; two associate justices
for life, at a salary of $4,000; seven circuit
judges for eight years, with salaries to be fixed
by the Legislature; thirty-nine county judges
for four years, with salaries to be fixed by the
Legislature; seven State attorneys for four
years, with salaries to be fixed by the Legisla-
ture ; thirty-nine sheriffs for four years, with
salaries to be fixed by the Legislature; thirty-
nine circuit court clerks for four years, with
salaries to be fixed by the Legislature; one
secretary of State for four years, at a salary of
$4,000; one attorney general for four years,
with a salary of $3,000; one comptroller for
four years, at a salary of $3,000; one treasurer
for four years, at a salary of $3,000 ; one sur-
veyor general for four years, at a salary of
$3,000; one superintendent of public instruc-
tion for four years, at a salary of $3,000; one
adjutant general for four years, at a salary of
$3,000 ; one commissioner of immigration for
four years, at a salary of $3,000; two major
generals, term and salary uot fixed; four brig-
adier generals, term and salary not fixed ; all
militia officers in the State; thirty-nine county
assessors for two years, salaries to be fixed by
the Legislature ; thirty-nine county collectors
of taxes for two years, with salaries to be fixed
by the Legislature. All these officers are to be
appointed for that insignificant State, probably
interior in population, and certainly inferior in
wealth, to the average congressional districts
of the country, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and all the salaries which I
have ^ldicated are fixed by the constitution.
I come now to the list of officers to be ap-
pointed without the consent of the Senate.
They are thirty-nine county treasurers for two
years ; thirty-nine county surveyors for two
years ; thirty-nine county superintendents for
common schools, each for two years ; one hun-
dred and ninety-live county commissioners,
each for two years; and as many justices of
peace as the Governor may see fit to appoint,
each holding his office for life, or at the pleas-
ure of the Governor.
The Governor is chosen by the people for
the term of four years, at a salary fixed by
the constitution at $5,000. The Lieutenant
Governor is chosen by the people for four
years, with a salary fixed by the constitution
at $2,500. Fifty-three representatives are
chosen by the people, each for two years, at a
salary of $500, fixed by the constitution, beside
mileage. Twenty-four Senators are chosen hy
the people for four years, at $500 salary, fixed
by the constitution, beside mileage ; and con-
stables are to be chosen by the people, one for
every two hundred people. These are the offi-
cers to be elected by the people.
I am asked by a gentleman near me what are
to be the total expenses of this government.
I have a table showing in separate columns
such of the salaries of these officers as are
fixed by the Constitution. I have also esti-
mated the salaries which are to be fixed by the
Legislature. I have placed these latter at the
lowest possible figures, and it appears that
the aggregate annual salaries to be paid the
officers of this little State will exceed seven
hundred thousand dollars, a burden which
almost every congressional district represented
in this House is better able to bear than Flor-
ida. 1 send to the Cleik the following table:
Officers of Florida appointed by Governor and con-
firmed bu Semite.
Term. Salary.
1 chief justice Life   $4,500
2 associate justices Life  4.500
7 circuit judges  S years By Legislature
39 county judges 1 years By Legislature
7 state attorneys 4 years liy Legislature
39 sheriffs   ...4 years liy Legislature
39 clorks, &e 4 years. ...ity Legislature
1 secretary of SUte 4 years $8,000
1 attorney general 4 years  3 000
1 comptroller 4 years  3.000
1 treasurer 4 years  3,000
1 surveyor general 4 years  3,000
1 superintendent public
instruction 4 years  3,000
1 adjutant general 4 years  3,000
1 commissioner immigra-
tion 4 years  3,000
2 major generals Xot fixed By Legislature
4 brigadier generals Not fixed By Legislature
All militia officers Not fixed By Legislature
39 county assessors 2 years ....By Legislature
39 county collectors 2 years By Legislature
Officers of Florida appointed by Governor alone.
Term. Salary.
39 county treasurers 2 years By Legislature
39 county surveyors 2 years By Legislature
39 superintendents connnon
schools 2 years By Legislature
195 county commissioners...2 years By Legislature
Justices of p©ace ad libi-
tum (say 100) Life By Legislature
Electcd by people.
Term.
1 Governor 4 years 
1 Lieutenant Governor 4 years 
53 representatives (besides
mileage) 2 years 
24 Senators (besides mile-
age) 4 years 
1 constable (I per 200
voters) (say 100) N ot fixed 
Salary.
 $5,000
  2,500
500
500
Now, Mr. Speaker, I cannot consent to fasten
upon these people this constitution by approv-
ing it to-day in this House. When you come
to look at the difficulties in the way of amend-
ing the constitution you fmd additional reasons
for hesitating to accept it. I read the consti-
tutional provisions on this subject:
"Any amendment or amendments to this constitu-
tion nifty be proposed in either branch of the Legis-
lature: and if the same shall be agreed upon by a
two-thirds vote of all the members elected to each
of the two Houses, such proposed amendment or
amendments shall be entered on their respective
journals, with the yeas and nays thereon, and re-
ferred to the Legislature then next to be chosen,
and shall be published for three months next pre-
ceding the time of making such choice; and if, in
the Legislature next chosen as aforesaid, such pro-
posed amendment or amendments shall be agreed to
by a two-thirds vote of all the members elected to
each House, then it shall be the duty of the.Lcgis-
lature tosubmitsucli proposed am ell d m en t or amend-
ments to the people in suehmanner and at such time
as the Legislature may prescribe; and if the people
shall approve and ratify such amendment or amend-
ments by a majority of tho electors qualified to vote
for members of the Legislature voting thereon, such
amendmont or amendments shall become a part of
tho constitution."
It is necessary that two thirds of two suc-
cessive Legislatures should adopt an amend-
ment to the constitution, and then that the
people should ratify it by their own vote.
When you consider, sir, that the Governor of
the State has the entire patronage of the State,
so far as the appointment of executive, admin-
istrative, and judicial officers, justices of the
peace, and all county officers is concerned, you
must see how utterly impossible it. will be for
the people to shake off the provisions of this
constitution which we shall to day by ourvotes,
if we concur in the amendments of the Senate,
fasten upon the people of the State of Florida.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield ten minutes.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I have only
the interest in the State of Florida that any
other gentleman in the House has; and I only
desire a few moments to relieve the provisions
of this bill from the argument to prejudice
which my friend has put before the House ; for
after all it is an argument to prejudice.
In the first place, let us examine the method
of amending provided for by the constitu-
tion of Florida, which he thinks is highly
improper and detrimental to the interests of a
republican form of government. It is exactly
the provision contained in the constitution of
the State of Massachusetts; it is exactly the
provision of the constitution of the State of
New Hampshire; and in Massachusetts we
have five times amended our constitution when
we have found it necessary. Besides, in New
Hampshire it takes two thirds of the people,
as my friend from New Hampshire suggests!
The fact is that the good people of Florida
have taken the old constitution of Massachu-
setts, New Hampshire, and Maine, and have
ingrafted provisions suitable to their condition
upon it, and made it their constitution; and
the argument made here goes exactly to the
constitutions made by our fathers in 1789, and
so downward, under which we have lived and
grown to man's esta;e, without being aware
we were not living under a truly republican
form of government.
Now, then, in regard to the formidable list
of State officers here presented. There are
