1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made to actual settlers, in quantities no greater than
odc quarter section to anyone person, and ata price
to be fixed by the company which shall build the road,
not exceeding $2 50 per acre, and the amount received
for the said land shall be paid by the State or Territory
to the company constructing said road, after deduct-
ing all the expense incurred by the State or Territory
in making such sales. And all sales so made shall
be made upon the following terms, namely: one
fourth of the amount thereof shall be paid in cash
at the time of purchase, and the balance thereof
shall be paid by the settler in three annual install-
ments, with interest not to exceed seven per cent.
?er annum, until paid. And the Secretary of the
nterior shall have power to prescribe rules and regu-
lations for carrying this act into effect; and no person
shall be deemed an actual settler who does not fur-
nish evidence, in such form as the Governor of a
State or Territory may prescribe, that it is his or her
intention to enter upon, improve, and reside upon
the lands he or she may purchase: Pro-aided further.
That any alternate even-numbered sections along
the line of any railway, which have not been sold or
entered upon by actual settlers within ten years from
and after the survey and location of said railway,
shall be disposed of on the same terms as other pub-
lic lands of the United States.
As these bills relate to a kindred subject and
are yet pending I have deemed it proper to
presentthem here, and I hope they and the facts
1 have stated may be of some service in illus-
trating the policy pursued as to the public lands
and the resolution which I have submitted.
This subject has attracted the attention of
the public in many forms.
The Republican State convention in Indiana,
on the 20th February, 1868, adopted a platform
of principles, which declares:
"Eighth. The public lands are the property of the
people. Monopolies of thein either by individuals
or corporations should be prohibited. They should
be reserved for actual settlers, and as a substantial
recognition of the services of the Union officers and
soldiers in the late civil war, they should each be
allowed one hundred and sixty acres thereof."
I hope the resolution when it shall be offered
may receive the sanction of the House.
The SPEAKER. According to general con-
sent given to-day, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moouhead] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that
the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER: Resolution of the Grant
Club of Cheyenne, Dakota Territory, indorsing
the action of Congress in reinstating to office
Secretary Stanton, and in impeaching Presi-
dent Johnson.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition
of Charles M. Diserens and others, officers of
United States steamer Undine, for loss sustained
by her capture by the rebels on the 30th Octo-
ber, 1864.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut: The
remonstrance of Case, Lockwood & Brainard
and sundry other citizens of Hartford, Con-
necticut, against the passage of an international
copyright law.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 23, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
authors, praying for the passage of an interna-
tional copyright law; which was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Morristown, New York, in favor of a law to
make eight hours a legal day's work as to all
workmen, laborers, or artisans in the employ
of the United States; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial
of a large number of citisens_ of the State of
New York, asking that a pension may be given
to the soldiers of the war of 1812 and their
widows. As there is a measure on this subject
reported already, I move that the petition lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Ben-
jamin Cooley and James W. Boswell, praying
for compensation for carrying the mails to the
United States troops in and around Poolsville,
Maryland, from 1861 to 1864; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of em-
ployes of Philadelphia morocco manufacturers,
praying for a repeal of the duty on goatskins
and sumac, and an increase of the duty on
finished or manufactured morocco, and that
the internal revenue tax of two and a half per
cent, be omitted ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, relative
to the unexpended balance of an appropriation
made by Congress for the construction of a
wagon-road from the western boundary of
Minnesota to the Missouri river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, relative to the
improvement of the Minnesota river: which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
'He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, in relation to
mail service between Fort Abercrombie, Da-
kota Territory, and Helena, Montana Terri-
tory ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, relative to the
survey of the lands in the Red river valley;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, praying for a
grant of land to aid in the construction of the
Minnesota and Northwestern railroad ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, relative
to the unexpended balance of an appropriation
made by Congress for the construction of a
wagon-road from the western boundary of
Minnesota to the Missouri river; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, for a semi-
weekly mail route from Houston, in Houston
county, via Dedham, Black Hammed, Spring
Grove, and Prairie Grove, in Houston county,
Minnesota, and thence via Locust Lane and
Canoe, in the State of Iowa, to Dacorah,
Iowa, and for the establishment of certain
post offices thereon; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post'Roads.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, relative
to the Black Hills wagon-road; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Jackson to Red
Wood Falls, in said State ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the construc-
tion of two wagon-roads, one westerly from
Du Luth to the Chippewa reservation of the
Pokegama Lake, Sandy Lake, and Mille Lac
bands of Chippewa Indians, to Oak Point, and
one northerly from Du Luth to the reserva-
tion of the Boise Fort Chippewa Indians, at
Net Lake, Minnesota : which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for
a repeal of the tax on manufactures; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of Harriet Jep-
son, praying that a pension may be granted
to the minor child of Levi Forsyth, late of
company F, one hundred and twenty-fourth
regiment Ohio volunteers; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions. *
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia engaged in the business
of coffee-roasting and storekeeping, praying
that the tax of one cent per pound on roasted
coffee be taken off, and that the tax be trans-
ferred to the coffee in its freshly-imported
state; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of M. J. Saf-
old, of Alabama, praying to be relieved from
civil disabilities imposed on him by acts of Con-
gress ; which, with the accompanying papers,
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of William C. Anderson, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 109) for the re-
lief of Jeremiah McChesney, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, the
relief asked for being provided by the general
bill for the relief of the soldiers of the war of
1812 : which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 400) granting a
pension to Maria Raf'tery, widow of Patriek
Raftery, corporal company H, thirty-third Mas-
sachusetts infantry volunteers, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, a simi-
lar bill having already passed the Senate; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 201) to amend an
act entitled "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for the enrolling
and calling out of the national forces, and for
other purposes," approved March, 1865, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 175) for the relief
of Joseph McGhee Cameron and Mary Jane
Cameron, children of La Fayette Cameron, de-
ceased, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 232) granting a
pension to Henrietta Nobles, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sylvester Nugent,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 456) for the relief of Sylvester Nugent.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth J. Mil-
ler, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 457) granting a pension to Elizabeth
J. Miller, widow of General John Miller. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 90) for the relief of cer-
tain Winnebago Indians residing iu Minnesota,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 151) for
the relief of Goldsmith Brothers, of the cities
of San Francisco, California, and Portland,
Oregon, reported it with an amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed. .
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of
B. Halstead, submitted a report, accompanied
