3092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
thirty-nine counties in Florida, therefore there
must be thirty-nine county assessors. Which
county will the gentleman leave without one?
There are thirty-nine counties, and there must
be thirty-nine county judges, thirty-nine sher-
iffs, thirty-nine county clerks, and thirty-nine
collectors of county taxes. *
Again, it is said the constitution of Florida
is not republican because these officers are
appointed by the Governor. Why, sir, up to
1855, every State officer in the States of Massa-
chusetts, New Hampshire, and Maine was ap-
pointed by the Governor or by the legislature,
and we did not have the advice and consent
ol the Senate to a single appointment of the
Governor. And yet we have an idea in Mas-
sachusetts that we were reasonably republican
in our State Governments.
Let me say another thing. In 1855, under
the Iinow-Nothing Legislature, we amended
our constitution in this regard; we elected
these officers, every one of them. Now, the
proposition in Massachusetts is to come back
to the appointment of these officers because it
is found that local elections of prosecuting offi-
cers give local control to the administration
of justice, and bring with them influences which
are prejudicial to public interests.
Now, let me say a word upon this subject in
another view. My friend has given you an
argument drawn from the number of inhabit-
ants of the State of Florida. What are you
to do with her? To make a Territory of her?
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Washbbuxe]
says yes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the
gentleman has stated what I said, let me add
that, so far as I am concerned, I would remand
Florida back to her territorial condition. I do
not want her to come here with two Senators
to oftVet the Senators from Illinois or Penn-
sylvania or New York, and particularly under
this constitution. She would get into rebel
hands under it.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not yield to you, my
friend. Now, let me ask, in answer to that,
has she not as many inhabitants as Colorado
had, for the admission of which the gentleman
voted ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg your
pardon; I voted against it.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well; lam glad the
gentleman had so much good sense. Has she
not as many as Nebraska had when she was
admitted? [Cries of "Oh, no!"] She has,
indeed, and more. Has she not as many as
Nevada had? Has she not as many as Wis-
consin had when she was admitted? [Cries of
"No, no !" "Yes; but the people were dif-
ferent."] I am talking about heads now; not
hearts. I am talking about numbers. If you
are going to make this the rule, then send back
these gentlemen from these other States, and
remit those States to a territorial condition.
Now, then, it is said that Florida went into
the rebellion. So she did. She could not do
otherwise, situated as she was. I have nothing
to ask for heron that account. But true men,
loyal men, good men have gone down there,
and have regenerated that State. Twenty-
four thousand votes were cast, and that was a
very large number out of a population of one
hundred and sixty thousand. Twenty-eight
thousand voters registered, and twenty-four
thousand votes were cast, and of that number
the Union men had eight thousand majority
for this State government, although there was
a division, under the lead of an Illinois man,
both in the convention and at the election. I
say there was a division in the convention,
under the lead of an Illinois man, and General
Meade was sent for to heal the difficulty.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Will, the gentleman
allow me a moment?
Mr. BUTLER. I have not time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You can get your
time extended.
Mr. BUTLER. If you will get my time
extended. I will yield.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham J to extend the gen-
tleman's time five minutes that I may put a
question to him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
that under the lead of an Illinois man a divis-
ion was attempted in the convention of Florida.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSW ORTH. 1 snppose he alludes
to the,.first president of the convention, Mr.
Richards. According to the report of the men
who made this constitution, when the conven-
tion first assembled Mr. Richards was legally
elected president of the convention. He was
not the man who undertook to create a divis-
ion. It was these other men who withdrew
from the convention and subsequently came
back at midnight on Sunday and by force broke
open the hall and took possession of it. That
was where the division first began after the
convention had been duly organized.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, was not that the
proper time to comeback? The convention
had adjourned till Monday, and it was neces-
sary that they should come back on Monday
morning.
Mr. FAR.NSWORTH. The men who ad-
journed the convention were not the men who
came back. The men who took possession of
the hall were the men who had stayed away.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot yield further. I
was about saying that they came back and took
possession of the hull, from which they had
been driven by force, and that thereupon Gen-
eral Meade was sent for, and he came down
and reinstated these men. The gentleman
himself says that the others were kept out by
bayonets. Whose bayonets, I pray ? The bayo-
nets of the United States, under the orders of
the commanding general who went down there.
Mr. FARNSW ORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me?
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot be interrupted.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I wish to correct a
misstatement.
Mr. BUTLER. Y"ou have told your side of
the story.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I have the state-
ments of both sides in my hand.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand precisely how
it is. The gentleman has heard Mr. Richards's
story, and comes here and retails it to the
House. I have heard the other side, and I am
going to put before the House such inform-
ation as I can.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Will the gentleman
yield to me ?
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I got the gentle-
man's time extended five minutes, and I think
he should yield me some of it.
Mr. CIIANLER. I rise to a point of
order. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] extended the time of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] on condition that
he should yield to tliegentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswohtii.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no I I yielded five
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] so that he might answer the
question of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fakn'.swortii. ]
Mr. BUTLER. And which I did answer as
well as I could.
I now desire to go a little further into this
matter. General Meade went down there and
sustained the convention. After that the con-
stitution was submitted to the people, and the
people ratified it by a majority almost two to
one.
What was done next? The Legislature of
that State got together and ratified the four-
teenth constitutional amendment. On the 15th
of this month that Legislature is to elect officers;
and on the lGth United States Senators are to
be elected.
Now. I want to deal with another argument
of gentlemen here. Mr. Reed, the Governor-
elect, had been employed there; and thereupon
the unfriendly liars who opposed him insisted all
around that he was at work to endeavorto elect
Postmaster General Randall a United States
Senator from that State. That story was set
afloat, and I am sorry to say has found some
believers. That will be settled on the 16th of
this month. But they have no more intention
of electing Alexander Randall, and he is no
more eligible, than my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth ;] not a bit; and there is no
more danger of his being elected.
Now let me answer the statement of the gen-
tleman from Illinois on my right, [Mr. Wash-
burne.] He said he would remit Florida back
to its territorial condition. Very well, gentle-
men, if you will put all these southern States
back into a territorial condition I will go with
you. But if you are going to rehabiliate any
of these States after their rebellion then serve
all alike.
When Texas was admitted into the Union
she was admitted with two members of Con-
gress and twelve thousand voters. And it ia
now proposed by some gentlemen to cut up
that State into two, three, or four States.
But time presses, and 1 must speak briefly
on these different points. In the firstplace, this
State organization of Florida has the approval
of General Meade. In the next place, it has
the approval of the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate, and of the Senate. In the third
place, it has the approval of a majority of the
Reconstruction Committee of this House. Now,
are these men all so deceived, and is all vir-
tue—no, I will take that back—is all knowl-
edge of the subject confined to my friends from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburxe and Mr. Fauss-
worth,] and my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr,
Paixe ?]
All these arguments, all these statements, all
the provisions of this constitution have been
submitted to the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, and they have found the constitution
republican and proper. This constitution has
been submitted to the Senate, and they have
found it republican and proper. It has been
submitted to your own Committee on Recon-
struction, and they have found it republican
and proper, and have reported it to this House.
Now, if you set the example of goiug back on
the matter of reconstruction, I have no doubt
there are agood many ready to follow that exam-
ple. If I were to follow my own ideas altogether,
unrestrained by party associations, upon this
as a mere matter of policy, 1 should doubt very-
much the policy of rehabilitating any one of
these southern States. But I hold it as a ques-
tion of policy as to when these States should
be admitted, and not a question of principle,
and upon that I feel bound by my party ties.
Therefore I shall vote for this bill. 1 shall
hope to see Florida again represented in Con-
gress. I consider that State more certain for
the Union and more determined against rebel-
lion than any other of these States, because
into that State have gone a great number of
northern emigrants to settle there, and she is
more sure for the Union than any other south-
ern State.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HULBURD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgha.ii] yield to me for a few
minutes?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield to my col-
league on the committee for ten minutes.
Mr. HULBURD. Mr. Speaker, when the
matter of Florida originally came before the
Committee on Reconstruction I concurred with
my colleagues on that committee in oppos-
ing- its admission. And when we originally
reported this bill to the House the State of
Florida was not embraced in it. There were
objections made to the constitution which led
me to vote against it.
Since that time the constitution hen objected
to has been submitted to the people of Florida,
and they, as has already been staled, by a vote
of nearly two to one, have accepted that con-
stitution, and ratified it so far as they could
ratify it. They now as-k that we should admit
them into the Union under that constitution.
Now, my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
objects to some of the provisions contained in
that constitution, especially the provision con-
