THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
by a joint resolution (S. II. No. 128) for the
relief of George B. Halstead. The joint reso-
lution was read and passed to the second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
report of impeachment trial.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution pro-
viding for printing extra copies of the report
of the impeachment trial as it progresses, have
instructed me to report it back with amend-
ments, and I ask for its present consideration.
The Secretary may read it as amended. It is
not necessary to read the original resolution.
The resolution as amended was considered
and agreed to, as follows:
Unsolved, That three hundred and fifty copies of
the edition of the report of the impeachment trial
published at the Congressional Printing Office be
furnished as the trial progresses, for the use of the
Senate, and that five thousand copies of the entire
work, with an index, be printed and bound for the
use of the Senate, and that conies of the daily re-
ports be also furnished to the Chief Justice, to the
managers, and to the President's counsel.
bills introduced
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 458) to abolish the office of superintend-
ent of exports and drawback; wliich was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
459) to reorganize the Department of State and
to reduce the expenses thereof; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the joint select
Committee on Retrenchment, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
460) to reorganize the circuit courts of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 461) to regulate the sale of hay in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CRAGdN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
462) making appropriations for the expenses
of the trial of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson, and other contingent expenses of the
Senate for the year ending June 30, 1808;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. It. No. 129) donating certain captured
ordnance for the completion of amonument to
the memory of the late Major General John
Sedgwick; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that tho
House of Representatives be requested return
the bill (II. R. No. 658) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 80, 1809, and for other purposes,
which was passed by the Senate on Saturday
last.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the following enrolled bill and
joint resolution ; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 4) for the relief of William
Shunk ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) for the re-
lief of the heirs of Major A. L. Brewer, late a
paymaster in the United States Army.
damages to steamer monitor in japan.
Mr- FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the eonsideratiOT of Senate joint
resolution No. 123, reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to which I think
there will be no objection.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 123) authorizing the Sec-
retary of State to adjust certain claims and
directing the payment thereof, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of State to ascertain and allow the
damages which ought to be paid to the owners
of the steamer Monitor, or Fee Pang, their
representatives or assigns, for the injuries sus-
tained from being fired into by the batteries of
theDaimioofNagato, in July, 1804, and the sum
allowed by the Secretary of State, together with
the expenses attendingthe ascertainment there-
of, is to be paid out of the moneys received for
indemnities from the Government of Japan.
It also proposes to authorize the Secretary
of State to appoint a commissioner, or commis-
sioners, as may be necessary, to take testimony
in Japan, or elsewhere, in relation to such
damages, and report the same to him ; and any
consular or diplomatic officer who may be so
appointed is to be entitled to a reasonable com-
pensation, to be allowed by the Secretary of
State, in addition to his official salary or emol-
uments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a report accom-
panying the joint resolution?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a statement
of the facts. I will state them briefly to the
Senator and the Senate to save time. The
difficulties out of which this present fund grew
arose from the firing upon this vessel, the Moni-
tor, a private vessel, by this Daimio. After-
ward one of our national vessels went there,
I believe, and she was fired upon. When the
several Powers came to demand payment for
injuries done the demand was, I believe, for
§3,000,000 for all of them, which was pretty
high, and a proposition was made at the same
tune that we should take instead another port,
a particular port that was wanted for the bene-
fit of commerce ; but, to their surprise, the Gov-
ernmentof Japan chose to pay the money. Our
proportion of it is about eight hundred thousand
dollars, and there is nothing to which to appro-
priate it in fact. The injury done to this ves-
sel would not exceed twenty or thirty thousand
dollars. The injury to our national vessel was
very slight. The report of the fact shows that
this was the only vessel that was injured.
Mr. JOHNSON. The money is paid into
the Treasury ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. A part of the money
is already paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. In gold?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In gold; and properly
the damages sustained by our citizens should
first be paid out of the fund. It is recom-
mended by the Secretary of State, and the joint
resolution was drawn by him.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know anything
about the ease of the Monitor to which this
resolution refers, and for which it is proposed
to provide; but it was not ^connection with
the attack on tho ship Monitor that the Ameri-
can national vessel was afterward fired upon ;
but in connection with the attack by the ships
and foits under the direction of one of the local
princes of Japan upon the American steamer
Pembroke, which was an unarmed trading ves-
sel, and it was after that attack that the United
States steamer Wyoming, under Commander
McDougall, was fired upon, and attacked those
vessels and forts. It was out of that attack,
and the further attack made by tho French
and English ships upon the Japanese forts,
that this money was paid to us. But it is not,
I think, correct that the treaty made andgrow-
ing out of those disturbances did not open
other ports to us. I think it did result in the
opening of other ports.
Mr. GRIMES. Osaka. _
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; andHioga. and
three or four different ports, and the pay-
ment of a sum between seven and eight hundred
thousand dollars indemnity to the Uni ted States.
That money is in the Treasury, but not appro-
priated to any purpose nor disposed of, and
this resolution provides:
That the Secretary of State be, and hereby is,
directed to ascertain and allow the damages which
ought to bo paid to the owners of the steamer Moni-
tor or i'ee Pang, their representatives or assigns, for
the injuries sustained from being fired into by the
batteries of the Daimio of Nagato, in July, 1864, and
that tho sum allowed' by tho Secretary of State, to-
gether with the expenses attending the ascertain-
ment thereof, be paid out of the moneys reeeived for
indemnities from the Government of Japan.
Now, it appears to me that at best this is a
very partial disposition of this ease, and that
any step we should take in the way of a com-
mission for the ascertainment of damages done
to American ships should include all that was
done. Therefore I hope that this resolution
at present will be laid over until we further
inquire into the matter.
impeachment of tiie president.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
has arrived when, by the eleventh rule rela-
tive to proceedings in the trial of impeach-
meuts, all legislative business must cease and
the House be notified by the Secretary that
the Senate is ready to proceed upon the im-
peachment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I understand that we
adjourned the trial until one o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At twelve
o'clock and thirty minutes all legislative busi-
ness must cease, according to the eleventh rule
of proceeding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that that rule
was changed by the order of the Senate which
directed these proceedings to commence at one
o'clock to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I am not
aware that the rule is changed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the order of
the Senate will change it. That is my under-
standings'
Mr. HOWARD. It becomes now the duty
of the Secretary of the Senate to inform the
House of Representatives that the Senate are
ready to receive the managers on the part of
the House. It will require about half an hour
to do that, and to put things in order to pro-
ceed upon the impeachment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the reading
of the resolution adopted by the Senate at the
last meeting.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The eleventh
rule will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not the rule, the reso-
lution adopted by the Senate.
The Secretary read from the Journal of the
proceedings of the Senate sitting on the trial
of impeachment of March 13, 1868:
" On motion by Mr. Howard, the Senate sittingfor
the_ trial of the impeachment of the President upon
articles of impeachment adjourned to the 23d day
of M-irch instant, at one o'clock p. m."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I so understood ; and
the rule I understand only to apply to the first
day. I will ask that the rule may now be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Secretary read rule eleven, as follows:
"11. At twelve o'clock and thirty minutes after-
noon of the day appointed for the trial of an impeach-
ment the legislative and executive business of the
Senate shall be suspended, and the Secretary shall
give notice to the House of Representatives that tho
Senate is ready to proceed upon the impeachment
of—; in tho Senate Chamber, which Cham-
ber is prepared with accommodations for the recep-
tion of the House of Representatives."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will now ask the
Secretary to read the next rule.
The Secretary proceeded to read rule twelve,
as follows:
"12. Tho hour of tho day at which the Scnateshall
sit upon the trial of an impeachment shall be (unless
otherwise ordered) twelve o'clock m.; and when tho
hour for such sitting shall arrive the Presiding Offi-
cer shall so announoe."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is enough. That
hour has not yet arrived.
, "Tho hour of the day at which the Senate shall
sit upon the trial ot an impeachmentshall be (unless
otherwise ordered) twelve o'clock in.; and when the
hour for such sitting shall arrive the Presiding Offi-
cer of the Senate." &o.
