1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
njy friend from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] had started
bis opposition to the resolution before his name
got into-the excepted list, so that I do not
think he is entitled to as much credit for gen-
erosity as he now claims. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. Yes; and my friend from
Vermont asked me to vote in favor of the res-
olution after my name was excepted, and I
declined. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENTON. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. EldridgeI]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish only to say a
■word upon this question. In the last Congress
I was not so fortunate in drawing a seat as I
was in this Congress. I happened to get a back
seat, like that of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] and I had to hang around "the
verge of the Government" most of the time
during the last Congress. I took my chance,
however, with my brethren at the time and bore
the misfortune as well as [ could. I was more
fortunate this time, and it seems to me rather
unfair that we should be charged with a want
of generosity because we occupy and would
hold the seats which by the turn of fortune
■were assigned to us. I am always willing to
accommodate my brethren with my seat, and
I have very often done so. When I have found
gentlemen occupying it I have never insisted
on their getting out of it. When I was in the
i outer circle, and shivering about in the cold,
I found no one disposed to show any particu-
lar generosity to me, certainly not enough to
propose a new drawing. I had to stand it
through, and 1 am willing to sit it through now,
and do not feel that it is very ungenerous to do
so either. When I wanted to get the Speaker's
ear ill the last Congress I had to come down
and beg some one on the other side having
control of the House to give me an opportu-
nity. Now, I do not see but what if we are to
go into another drawing of seats this morning
we may have another next week, and so on
all through the session. I had supposed that
when we once had drawn seats the matter was
settled; our lots were determined and our
seats drawn for the Congress.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes.
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask the gentleman
if lie has drawn a seat which suits him ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have, and I will ask
the gentleman if he is satisfied with his seat?
Mr. HIGBY. I am, and still I shall vote
for this resolution.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. 1 think the gentleman is
a very generous man, but this is the only exhib-
ition this side of the House has had of it.
Mr. POLAND resumed the floor, and yield-
ed to
Mr. STARKWEATHER, who said: I desire
to say that I have heard gentlemen, who were
here at the time the seats were drawn, say that
they expected and that fair play would give
us a new deal, and I desire my friend from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] to give them an op-
portunity j as I said, I understood from gentle-
men who were here when seats were drawn,
and who were fortunate in the drawing, that
we were to have the opportunity for a new deal.
More than that, there were not only the six
States which had not then chosen their Repre-
sentatives, but other States which had elected
their Representatives, who did not have an
opportunity to come in and select their seats.
For instance, the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.
Malloey,] representing an entire State, was
chosen in season to be here had full notice
been given of the session of Congress, but he
was not here in time for the drawing. And
not only the States of New Hampshire, Con-
necticut, Rhode Island, Kentucky, and Cali-
fornia had not chosen their Representatives,
but there were other States who had chosen
their members who were not here, who could
not be expected to be here, and yet who were
entitled to a choice in the selection of seats.
And now I say that it seems to me that these
gentlemen who have for four months occupied
good seats, now that alt the States are repre-
sented except the States that are being recon-
structed, must see that fair play demands that
we also should have an opportunity to correct
what has not yet been corrected._
And I could refer to another thing that bears
some analogy to this. The Speaker decided
not to appoint the committees for the House
until the States were represented. It was just
as proper for the Speaker to have appointed all.
the committees when six States'were not repre-
sented here as to have the seats drawn under
the same circumstances. The expression has
come so aften from gentlemen who were here
that we ought to have a fair deal that f think
objection to it should come from no one.
Mr. POLAND. I do not apprehend that
any further discussion upon this subject is
necessary. I will modify my resolution so as
to provide that the drawing, if ordered, shall
take place on Monday next, after the morning
hour. I now call the previous question.
The question was upon seconding the previous
question.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 64, noes 63.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 83, not voting
29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Bnklwin,
Barnes, Bciiinan, Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer. Brooks,
Broomall, Burr, Butler, C:ik<\ Chanler, Otiurehili,
Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Cullom, Eekley, E'dndtre, Eliot, Ferries,
Ferry, Fields, Getz, Giavely, Haifjht, Halsey, Hard-
ins, Hooper, Hulbmd, Humphrey, Hunter, Judd,
Kel ley, Kite hen, Laflin,GeorireV. Lawienee, William
Lawrence, Loan. Lynch, Marshall, Mm vin, McCluis,
MeCuliouKh, Moore, Mouell, Munffen, Mvers,
O'Neill, Paine, Pcrham, Pike, Pile, Plants, Rots,
Schenclc, Sitprreaves, Smith, Simldinfr, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stewart. Stone, Thomas, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward, Cadwal-
ader C.Washburn, William Williams, James F. Wil-
son, John T. Wilson, and Windom—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Delos It. Ashloy,
James M. Ashley, Axteil, Bailey, Baker, Beatty,
Beck, Benton, Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Buckhind,
Cary. Cobb, Coburn,Dawes, Bonnelly, Driggs, E^^les-
ton, Ela, Farnswortii, Garfield. Glossbrenner, Golla-
day, Grover, Hawkins, Hiarby, Hill, Holnian, Hop-
kins, Hotchkisfi. AsaheLW. Hubbaid, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Richard X). Itnbhnrd, Ina:ersoll, Jenekes, John-
son, Julian, Kerr, Ketcham, Knott,Koontz, Lincoln,
Logan, Louifhridfte, Mailory, Maynard, MeCortnick,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Mulhiis, Newcomb, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Nunn, Orth, Peters, Poland, Price,
Pruyn, Randall, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Stark-
weather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taffe, Taylor,
Lawrence S, Trimble, Trowbridge, Twi^hell, Van
Auken, Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams,
Woodbridfre, and Woodward—S3.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Allison, Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Benjamin, Dixon, Dodge, Finney, Fox,
Griswold, Jones, Kelsev, McCarthy, Morgan, Morris-
sey, Phelps, Pol.-dey, Pomeroy, Raum, Robertson,
Robinson, Selye, Shellabarger, Taber, John Trimble,
Van Wyck, Elittu B.Washburae, Stephen F.Wilson,
and Wood—"9.
So the resolution was not laid on the .table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FARNSWORTH said: Mr. Speaker,
have the Delegates from the Territories theright
to vote on this question? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. They have not.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was on agreeing
to the resolution.
Mr. UPSON. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. It has already been made and voted on
at this stage.
Mr. MUNGEN. Would an amendment be
in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. MUNGEN. I have an amendment which
I would like to have read for information.
The SPEAKER, Is there objection to the
reading of the amendment?
Mr. DRIGGS. X object.
Mr. UPSON. I call for the yeas and nsys
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 74, not voting
30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arnell, Delos It. Ashley,
James M. Ashley. Axte]l,. Bailey. Baker, Beatty.
Beck, Benton. Blaine. Blair, Bromwell, Bttckland,
Cary, Cobb, Coburn, Cuilom, Dawes, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Ela, Farnsworth, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Golladay, Grover, Hawkins Higby. Hill.
Holman, Hopkins, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Inger-
soil, Jonckep, Johnson, Julian, K.crrt> Kefe.iara,
Knott. Koontz, Lincoln, Logan, Loughndge, Mai-
lory, Mayriard, McCormiek, Mercur, Milier, Moor-
head, Mullins,Newcomb, Niblack,Nichoison,-Nunn,
Orth, Peters Phelps, Poland, Price, Pruyn, RandaH,
Sawyer. Scofield, Shanks, Starkweather, Aaron F.
Stevens, Stokes, Tafie, Taylor, John Trimble. Law-
rence S. Tumble, Trowbridge. Twichell, \ an Auken,
llobert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washbum, \V iliiam
B. Washburn. Welker, Tfcomas Williams, Wood-
bridge, and Woodward—86.
NAYS —Messrs. Anderson, Archer, Baldwin,
Barnes, Beainan, Binsham, Boutwell, Boyer, Brooks,
Broomall, Burr, Butler, Cake, Chanler, Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cornell,
Covode, Ecklev, Eldrid<?e, Eliot, Ferrisa. Jerry,
Fields, Getz, Gravely, Haisht, Halsfiy, Hording,
Hooper,Hulburd, Humphrey, Hunter, Judd, Keiley,
Kitchen, Lafim, GeoigeV. Lawrencp, Wilham Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch. Marshall, Marvin, McClur^. 31c-
Cullough, Moore, Morroll, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill,
Parne, Perham, Pile, Plants, Iloss, Schenek, Sit-
grreaves. Smith, Spalding, Stewart, Stone, Thomas,
tJpson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Trump,
Ward, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, William Williams,
James F. Wilson, Juhn T. Wilson, and Windom-—74.
NOT VOTING — M^s^rs. Allison, Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Benjamin, Dixon, Dodge, Finney, Fox,
Griswold, Jouet, Kei^ev, McCarthy, Morgan, Mor-
rissey, Pike, Polsley, Pomeroy, Raum, Robertson,
Robinson, Selye, Shollabarger, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taber, Van Wyck. Eiihu B. Washburne, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Wood—30.
So the resolution vras adopted.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table. —■-
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiencies in indian department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a
communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, with an estimate of appropriations
required to supply deficiencies in the office of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for the
year ending June 30, 1868 ; which was referred
to the Committee on" Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
order of business, etc.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise for
the purpose of moving to go into Committee
of the Whole upon the bill (H. R. No. 005)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses oftfie Govern-
ment for the year ending the 80th of June,
18G9. I have, however, been appealed to by
|everal gentlemen to yield before making that
motion ; and I will yield in the first place to
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. wilson] for a
brief personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Iowa making a brief personal
explanation V
Mr. JOHNSON*. I object to all personal
explanations as I have been denied the privi-
lege of making one.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
making the motifm to go into Committee of
the W hole I ask that by unanimous consent
the session of to-morrow be devoted solely to *
deoate in Commvttee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
lhe_ SPEAKER. Is there objection to
assigning to-morrow for debate in Committee
oi the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. SCHENCK. I object until 1 can have
an opportunity to submit a proposition. At
least one committee of this House finds it ex-
tremely difficult to mature business in the hour
or so belore our daily session and in those
snatches of time that can be obtained at other
periods during the sitting of the House. £?en
