1868. •
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3093
ferring so sweeping an appointing power on
the Governor. To that armament the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has
very well answered that the appointing power
vested in the Governor under the constitution
or F1 orida is 110 greater than that formerly exer-
cised by the executive m the New England
States and in the State of.New York. The real
reason for this vesting the appointing power in
ifce Governor of Florida has not yet been
stated. I propose briefly to state it, that mem-
bers of the House may understand the reason
for. this apparent anomaly.
Among the thirty-nine counties of the State
of Florida there are several in which rebel
voters are now in the ascendency. If they are
allowed to erect theirxounty organizations by
electing county officers it will be done by rebel
hands, under rebel auspices, and for rebel pur-
poses. Now, there has been vested in the
hands of the Governor the power to make these
appointments to insure loyal Union organiza-
tons in all the counties. Is not that right,
and therefore proper? I do not understand
that Governor Reed, the Governor-elect, is
charged by anybody with being <in sympathy at
ail with disloyalty or rebellion. Ills nomina-
tions, therefore, willbeinlheinterestofloyalty,
of patriotism, of Unionism. It is urged that if
these appointments are thus made and have
four undisturbed years to run all the counties,
including the now rebel counties, will become
loyalized and Unionized, so that thereafter they
will be true and loyal, part and parcel of a loyal
State. Is not that desirable? Is it not worth
an effort?
But. it is asked—and this is one of the objec-
tions made by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Pai.ye]—- why not change after that time
this provision with regard to the appointing
power? Why, sir, provision is made in this
very constitution for a revision and modification
of any of its provisions, excep't those affecting
the franchise rights, whenever the people of
Florida dislike the lodgment of so much power
in the hands of* the gubernatorial officer. A
majority vote of two successive Legislatures
and a submission to, and approval by, the
voters are all the preliminaries required.
Lint the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paixk] objects to the high salaries which are
provided for. Why, sir, is it dosi'-able that we
here should take into consideration and fix the
salaries of the Governor and other oflicers of
the various States of this Union ? Suppose we
should be called on to say the salary of the
Governor of Vermont, which is only $700,
ought to be raised to $7,000. We might, with
as much propriety, interfere in that matter,-as
to say that because the State of Florida lias
provided high salaries for her State officers we
will keep her out of the Union till she reduces
those salaries to suit our views. It is very well
known that the southern States have always
been in the habit of paying their oflicers higher
salaries than those received by the same officials
of our northern States. 1 understand that
before the rebellion the salaries paid to the
officers of all the southern States were high
in comparison with those paid by the States
of the North. Is that anything that concerns
us ? I cannot see the force of an objection
founded upon this matter of salaries. So long
as the suffrage rights of all the population, with-
out regard to grade, condition, or color, have
been cared for, have been properly secured, and
the spirit of the reconstruction acts have been
complied with, I cannot see how or why we
should oppose the admission of Florida because
wo object to some details involving no general
principles or rights, about salaries provided for
ill the constitution, or because we think the
appointing power is too largely vested in the
executive of the State, or because we, perchance,
differ about the propriety of several of the subor-
dinate local, county, and State officers holding
office for the term of four years.
Mr. BROM WELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. IltrusntDj whether
he thinks it entirely safe to trust so important
a consideration as the loyal organization of a
I
State entirely in the hands of one man, so
that if he should prove recreant, or, dying,
should be succeeded by the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, there would be nothing to hinder the
entire organization of the State from being
committed to the hands of rebels.
Mr. HULBURD. Sir, the people of the
State of Florida have not made the tremen-
dous mistake that was made at Baltimore in
1864, by selecting for their second officer a
thing who cannot be trusted in case the execu-
tive power should devolve upon that officer.
Mr. BROMWELL. But does not the whole
thing depend upon one man's fidelity; and if
he should die is the man who would succeed
him as good as he is ?
Mr. HULBURD. He is, I believe, an hon-
est and true, capable loyal man. Bat, sir, this
whole objection arises, as I understand, because
a citizen of Illinois went down there and did
not succeed in obtaining the majority which he
expected. When he went before the people
and asked that his particular views and repre-
sentations should be carried out he succeeded
in getting elected only six members of the
Assembly. If that Illinois man had succeeded
in getting the control of the organization of
the State doubtless there would have been no
objection here now to the admission of the
State, for she cannot be kept out longer on any
principle of consistency, 1 had almost said of
decency.
Mr. BROMWELL. I wish to say, so faras
I am concerned, that it has nothing to do with
this matter what the performances of Mr.
Richards have been there, and I have never
had any idea that his welfare had anything to
do with this mutter.
Mr. IIULBURD. The constitution of Flor-
ida was approved by General Meade, and 1 say
now approved by a majority of the Committee
on Reconstruction of this House, who were
formerly opposed to its adoption. Is there any
good reason, founded on fundamental prin-
ciple, why this House should not now approve
of this bill as amended by the Senate i
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My friend will say
when the Committee on Reconstruction aj>-
proved of this constitution of Florida.
Mr. HULBURD. If it were right I could
state wha't occurred in the committee-room.
If my friend will allow me, I will do so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do.
Mr. HULBURD. 1 understood my friend
from Illinois to say in the committee-room this
morning that he regarded the constitution of
Florid,i as the best constitution that any of the
southern States hud adopted.
Air. FA HNS WORTH. 'The gentleman is
entirely mistaken. I never made any remark
like that, and the gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. HULBURD. I understood the gentle-
man to say that it was the best constitution
that had been adopted by any of the southern
States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I never said any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. HULBURD. Whul, then, was thegen-
tlemun's remark, and to what did it apply ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I may have made a
remark in reference to Alabama.
Mr. HULBURD. I was under the impres-
sion the gentleman also made this remark in
reference to the constitution of Florida.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 'The gentleman will
do me the justice to say that I said nothing of
the kind in reference to the constitution of
Florida.
Mr. HULBURD. I did so understand the
gentleman; but of course I may have been
mistaken.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Committee on
Reconstruction have unanimously and repeat-
edly declared against this constitution of
Florida.
Mr. HULBURD. Yes, they have; but not
since the constitution was submitted and sanc-
tioned by the people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Repeatedly; and
they do now ; but they say that we had better
admit the State.
The SPEAKER. The ten minutes of the
gentleman from New York have expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. BAKER. I wish to say, Mr. Speaker,
that as this legislation involves some large
questions of law and policy, and as three or
five minutes are too short a time in which to
discuss them, [ will content myself with asking
leave to print some remarks Qn this and the
Arkansas bill.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to delay the House with an extended
discussion of this bill. I desire to obtain the
action of the House speedily on the bill; and
having stated very briefly my own views touching
the bill, and the reasons why it should pass the
House, I will call for the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to move to strike
out Alabama as well as Florida.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for that amend-
ment to be offered.
TheSPEAIvER. The question will be taken
separately on them.
Mr. BINGHAM. On the subject of Ala-
bama I suppose the House to be concluded.
It has heretofore voted on the question of
admitting Alabama to representation, and its
constitution has not since changed, nor is the
bill as to Alabama changed by any of the
amendments of the Senate. Therefore it is
not my purpose to make any further remark
on that point.
Touching the objection, sir, that has been
raised as to the admission of Florida, it seems
to me gentlemen have spoken in haste. They
cannot expect the House of Representatives,
acting on the suggestions made here in opposi-
tion to the constitution of Florida, to condemn
the continuous record of the Republic, with-
out exception, for nearly the first forty years of
its existence. I undertake to say, Mr. Speaker,
of the constitution of the original thirteen
Slates, the constitution of Florida, touching the
appointment of judical and executive officers,
is substantially a transcript. It will not do
for the House of Representatives at this time
of day to declare that the constitutions of the
original States of the Union, for the first forty
years of our national existence, were not i epub-
lican, and not in conformity with the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Allow me to state further, Mr. Speaker, that
several of the now States, upon their admission
into the Union under the Constitution, eon-
formed their constitutions in this behalf to the
very provisions of this constitution of Florida
and of the original thirteen States. The con-
stitution of my own State, Ohio, followed that
precedent, and gentlemen know right well that
until within the last eighteen years when that
constitution was amended, in 18o0, all judicial
officers in the State of Ohio were appointed in
the same mode and manner as is prescribed
in the constitution of Florida. I never heard,
Mr. Speaker, the question raised that the con-
stitution of Ohio, adopted in 18U2, was not
republican.
This is all I have occasion to say upon that
point. Touching the other point suggested by
the gentleman as to the sparseness of popula-
tion, I pray gentlemen to hesitate long before
they venture to decide that the people of Florida
are not sufficiently numerous to constitute a
State of this Union, when in pointof fact that
State is as populous to-day as it ever was at
any time after the admission of that State into
the Union of the States. There is as much
population there to-day as ever there was. It
will not do for men who represent the great
body of the American people, after all the
record that has been made upon this subject,
to come and say that the people of Florida are
not sufficiently numerous to constitute a State
of the Union. Much less will it do for the
majority of this House, after the record they
made upon the question of the admission of
Colorado into the Union as a State with only
some six thousand voters, to come and say
