1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
months I have not any doubt that the Govern-
ment has expended from ten to fifteen million
dollars. Is the Senator aware that a war was
carried on there for six months, a war of the
most devastating character, and one which
would have been raging to-day but for the act-
ive and direct interference of General Mc-
Dowell ; and the country owes him a debt of
gratitude for it. General Gregg made a mis-
take, he committed a blunder, as a great many
of our generals do. Instead of expending
from fifteen to twenty or thirty millions an-
nually, as we have been doing for the last six
or eight years in trying to subjugate Indians,
when we cannot subjugate them, if we would
expend a few hundred thousand dollars in a
peaceful and honorable way, doing partial jus-
tice when we cannot do full justice for our
many wrongs to them, we should be more hon-
orable ourselves, and we should have less
trouble with the Indians.
You vote large sums of money to the quar-
termaster's department of the Army. Why?
Because the Secretary of War makes his esti-
mates, and you have it to do. You have a
large Army. The Democratic party on this
floor tell us so every day, and admonish us that
that Army ought to be reduced. How can it
be reduced? You dare not do it until you get
rid of Indian difficulties. We had an Indian
war all over the plains, upon the mountains,
and up on Powder river in Montana, in Idaho,
in Arizona, in New Mexico, and upon the
plains of Kansas, last year. How was it
quelled? Millions and millions of money had
already been expended; property had been
burned; stage-coaches had been seized ; pas-
sengers had been killed ; the border settlers
had been scalped ; their horses had been run
off; trains had been seized upon the plains,
and hundreds of horses and mules taken.
How was all that stopped? It was done by
presenting before the Indians a few peace com-
missioners who reasoned with them, and by
expending perhaps $200,000. General Sher-
man, who had been of the opinion that there
was no other way to manage this matter except
war, and war to the knife, has become a con-
vert to the peace doctrine. He has become
perfectly satisfied that it is less expensive to
the country and more honorable to the nation,
and so will it be with every man who has any
personal experience on this question.
It is needless for us in this Chamber to at-
tempt this penny-wise and pound-foolish policy.
It will not do to adopt it. It does not do in
individual transactions, and itdoes much worse
in national legislation. Let us be honorable
to the Indian. If we do not provide for his
subsistence, let us at least, since we have driven
him from fertile lands to those thatare barren,
furnish a ditch that will enable him to carry
water to his reservation in order that he may
subsist himself.
The Senator from Michigan is mistaken if
he supposes that many of the tribes are not
self-sustaining, even in the arid and barren and
sterile country of Arizona. I can state to
him that from thirty-five to fifty thousand
bushels of wheat were raised last year by an
Indian tribe in Arizona. Corn was raised
also. It is not a very good country for rais-
ing Indian corn, but wheat can be raised in
large quantities. This reservation we our-
selves by legislation have set apart for these
Indians. We did not ask their consent; we
did not make any treaty with them; but we
staked out our own boundary in a barren plain
in its present condition, and issued an edict to
the Indian that he should abandon the home
of his childhood and live upon this land which
we fixed for him. We did not ask his consent.
We did not ask him to go, but we said to him
"you shall gowe fixed the boundaries so as
to put this reservation outside of the routes of
railroad lines of travel. When we have done
that, let us not complain of the necessary ex-
penses of making it lit for the residence of the
Indians, but let us meet those expenses like
men, and let us do whatever is necessary 10
give honor and credit to the nation and do
4117
honor and credit to ourselves. If we do this,
in the course of a few years these Indians will
be congregated upon the reservation, and I
have no doubt they will be self-sustaining.
But, sir, I have been led into these remarks
by the very singular remarks of the Senator
from Michigan. I have no more interest in
this matter than others. If the Senate prefer
that the Indians should roam over the Terri-
tory of Arizona, that General Gregg should
continue this war, and that the military authori-
ties should be in antagonism about it, and that
thousands should be killed as heretofore, that
the peace policy should be abandoned, and
that we should be compelled in future to sus-
tain and support these Indians in order to keep
them peaceable, instead of making this reser-
vation blossom as the rose, and thus enable
them to support themselves, then let us deny
the appropriation.
Mr. HOWARD. I have but a few words
to say in reply to the spirited speech of the
honorable Senator from Missouri. The hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, instead of con-
fining himself to the propriety of making the
appropriation of $84,000 contemplated in the
amendment, has extended his remarks so far
as to embrace the whole subject of our Indian
affairs. And in the course of his observations
he repeats what is so very frequently said by a
certain class of persons, that the Indians have
been treated with injustice and have been
driven from their old homes; and he states
that the Government of the United States has
made itself odious by reason of the Indiana
being driven from their homes and the graves
of their fathers. Sir, this is a very romantic
view to take of the subject. It will answer
very well in a newspaper poem, or in a novel
of yellow cover; but in point of fact there is no
reality and substantially no truth in it. Have
the Indians been driven from their homes?
Who has driven them, and when and in what
way? Has not the Government of the United
States purchased of the Indians, for prices sat-
isfactory to the tribes, all the lands that we
have acquired from the Indians? Did they
not make purchase wherever there was Indian
land in the Northwestern Territory ? Did they
not pay the Indians evei'y cent which they
stipulated to pay? Did they not give them
reservations according to their own choice and
according to their own notions, aijd have they
not paid them the purchase price of those lands
and the annuities which from time to timehave
fallen due from the Government to the In-
dians?
Sir, no such reproach can rest on the Gov-
ernment of our country as having driven the
Indian from his home ; that is. of having seized
his lands unjustly, for that is (lie language
which the Senator from Missouri used very
frequently in the course of his remarks. No,
sir; it is nothing but mere romance. The great
difficulty in the case lies here: the Indian is
a savage ; his habits are those of a savage :
he will not addict himself to industrial pursuits:
he despises and contemns labor, which is the
great vocation and the great destiny and the
great glory of the white man and of the civil-
ization of the white man. The white man
needs the Indian lands for what? For hunting
and fishing and roving and sporting? No,
sir. The white man needs the land for the
purpose of cultivation and use, in order to i
promote the arts of civilization and the pros-
perity of the country. The Indian has au op-
posite view. He uses the land only for the
purposes of hunting and fishing and^roving.
That is the general fact about it. Now, the
Indian sees as clearly as the white man that
the habits of the former are such as to render
it impossible, or extremely difficult and unnat-
ural, to maintain his position in the midst of
the white men and to pursue, in the midst of
white civilization, those nomadic habits which
have always distinguished him and his race.
The two things cannot subsist together. It is
contrary to nature : it is contrary to the inter-
ests of both the parties.
So much for driving the Indian from his
home, seizing his land, and thus bringing
odium npon the Government of the United
States! That is a tale that has been told in
many and many a Fourth of July oration. Ithas
drawn tears, also, from the eyes of the benevo-
lent of both sexes for one hundred and fifty
or two hundred years ; and the affected listener
has supposed when he or she has listened to
the eloquent oration or the touching and
pathetic sermon, that their country has really
done enormous and almost unpardonable
wrong to the Indian tribes. Sir, it is all a
romance. Undoubtedly acts of injustice have
been committed by white men toward the
Indian tribes; but when those acts shall be
numbered up and set down in the Great Book
upon which both parties are to be judged, by
the side of the innumerable volumes of crime
and injustice committed by the Indian upon
the white man, it is easy to see where the bal-
ance will be. And the fact accrues out of the
other fact that the habits of the two races are
utterly irreconcilable, that the white man ia
the more inclined to the arts of peace than the
Indian. The Indian is a warrior; he values
human life very little; his faith is of very little
value; and when you speak of breaches of
treaty between the white and the Indian you
will discover, if you scan it closely, that in
most cases the violation of treaty has been on
the part of the Indian tribe. I appeal for the
truth of this to the history of this country and
to the history of every negotiation with the
Indian tribes sincc the discovery of the con-
tinent.
I would treat the Indians with justice; I
would pay him that which is his due ; I would
not encroach upon his rights; but I would en-
force his treaty stipulations both for his good
and for ours; and when an Indian tribe has
wantonly committed a breach of treaty, where
there has been a murder or a series of murders
committed upon white men by Indians in vio;
lation of their treaty. 1 would as soon punish
an Indian tribe by launching upon them the
bolts of war as I would against a foreign
nation whose citizens had committed the
same outrages. There can be no distinction
or difference in principle between the two
cases.
Now, one word further as to this amendment.
I am opposed to the lavish expenditures of
money contemplated by it. This is a far off,
distant country, where it is impossible that this
work can be well understood or well inspected.
It looks to me a little as if the original appro-
priation had in view some rich contracts for
the construction of this irrigating canal. I do
not remember the discussion which may have
taken place upon the bill in the Senate ; but 1
can very well imagine that the Senate was as-
sured that $50,000 would be abundantly suffi-
cient to construct the contemplated irrigating
canal. Who is doing it we do not know;
how far the work has progressed we do not
know.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes we do; we know
both.
Mr. HOWARD.
both ; at least I do not,
been no report on the subject : no sufficient
report. Now, sir, we go on and spend $84,000
more. At the next session of Congress we
shall be called upon to appropriate another
$84,000, and another, and another, and it is
impossible to foresee when these so-called
necessities of the Indians who are dependent
on this irregating canal for their support, these
roving Indians as they have been called, will
end ; when the expenditure will be terminated.
We are opening a channel through which the
Treasury may be depleted, almost exhausted,
by way of showing our humanity ; and it will
stand as a precedent for other schemes of the
same kind. That whole country is of the same
character, I take it, as this reservation ; very
little grain can be raised without irrigation;
the country is destitute of rain or of fountains
of water, destitute of rivers. Where is this
thing going to end ? . .
I object to it for another reason, that it is
No, sir; we do not know
1 think there has
