1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Illinois [Mr. Washbubjte] yield further time
to the gentleman from California?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No : I do
not.
Mr. JOHNSON. At least allow me to finish
my sentence.
T„^r\ ^ aPPeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to allow me a minute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman for two minutes, and no longer.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thank the gentleman for
two mmutes. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has yielded two minutes to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] and not to the gen-
tleman from California.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Johnson] had two minutes, and
now the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] yields two minutes to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pile.]
_Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to allow me to finish my sentence.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. PILE. The gentleman cannot expect
me to yield him part of my two minutes after
he has had seven or eight minutes.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri yield one minute to the gentleman
from California?
Mr. PILE. No; I do not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am on the floor, and the
gentleman cannot take me off. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired. He had two minutes longer than
the five minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I understand that
gentlemen upon the other side of the House
decline to allow me to finish my story.
Mr. PILE. I have no disposition to reply.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr._ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
must insist on my motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If this discussion is to
be closed in two minutes I will withdraw my
objection.
Mr. ROSS. I think I must object to the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] going on
unless he will let the gentleman from Cali-
fornia have two minutes longer.
Mr. PILE. I think when the gentleman
from Illinois lias yielded me two minutes in
which lAauswcr remarks which occupied seven
or cigl™minutes, I might be allowed to pro-
ceed.
Mr. ROSS. I have no objection to the gen-
tleman having his two minutes, but I think it
is improper to cut the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Johstson] off in the middle of a
sentence.
Several Members. Lethimprintthebalance.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] insist on his objection?
Mr. ROSS. I do, unless the gentleman from
Illinois will yield two minutes to the gentle-
man from California.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
pressing the motion that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I desire to say that so much
time has been taken up this morning that I
•would be glad if the committee would agree
to remain in session until five o'clock.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Say half past four.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois gives notice that he will ask the commit-
tee to sit until half past four.
Mr. PILE. There is so much objection to
continuing this matter of personal explanation
at this time that I will merely say that 011 Mon-
day next I will ask the indulgence of the House
to be permitted to reply to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Johnsok.]
t,js6islative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I noj
renew the motion that, the rules be suspended.
and the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the special order. And pending that motion
I move that all general debate upon the pend-
ing appropriation bill be closed in two minutes
after its consideration shall be resumed by the
committee.
The motion to close general debate was then
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 605)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1800.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate upon this bill is to bo closed
in two minutes; and all debate upon the pend-
ing paragraph and amendments thereto is to
be closed in one minute. The pending ques-
tion is upon the paragrapli appropriating
$430,000 for compensation and mileage of Sen-
ators, to which the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] has moved an amendment to strike out
" $430,000" and insert "§300,000."
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Paine, to strike out "$-130,000" and
insert " $414,000."
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 15, noes 53; no quorum vot-
ing.
Tollers were ordered; and Mr. Ursosr and
Mr. Hoi,man were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 28, noes 07.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
amend this clause by adding the following:
Provided, That no part of the money herein appro-
priated shall be applied in paying mileage exceeding
the rate of ten cents per mile; and all laws in con-
flict herewith are hereby repealed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. WTOODBRIDGE. My point of order is
that the gentleman cannot offer an amendment
to an appropriation bill to change an existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WIND0M. I move to amend this
paragraph by striking out "$430,000" and in-
serting "$320,000;'"' so that it will read,
"for compensation and mileage of Senators,
$320,000."
Mr. BLAINE. That $100,000 ought to
come out.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing that the amendment should be adopted,
and have a vote taken upon it in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to further amend
the paragraph by adding:
Provided. Thatmileageshallbecomputed by direct
geographical line from the residence of the Senator
to the Capitol.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I raise the point of
order that the law now provides how the mileage
shall be computed and therefore this amend-
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to further amend
this clause by adding the words, "in addition
to any unexpended appropriation for that pur-
pose now in the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to
further amend this clause by adding the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That no part of the money herein appro-
priated shall be applied in paying mileage exceeding
the rate of ten cents per mile.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I object to the
amendment upon the same ground that I ob-
jected to the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] a few
minutes since, that it is out of order because
it proposes to change the existing law.
Sir. LAWRENCE. I have modified the
amendment I offered before, so as to free it
from that objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order, and rules the amendment
to be in order.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is it in order
to discuss this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. By order
of the House all debate upon this paragraph
is closed.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Olerk resumed the reading of the-bill,
and read as follows:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the Senate, namely. Secretary of the Sen-
ate, $3,600; officer charged with disbursements in
the Senate, $480; Chief Clerk, $2,500; principal clerk
and principal executive clerk in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, at 82,160 each; eight clerks
in office of the Secretary of the Senate, at $1,850 each;
keeper of tho stationery. $1,752; two messengers, at
JU,080each; onepage,at$500; Sergcant-at-Arms and
Doorkeeper, $2,000; assistant doorkeeper, $1,700;
postmaster to the Senate, $1,750; assistant postmas-
ter and mail carrier, $1,440; two mail boys, at $1,000
each; superintendent of the document-room, $1,500;
two_ assistants in document-room, at @1,200 each ; su-
perintendent of the folding-room, $1,500; three mes-
sengers. acting as assistant doorkeepers, at $1,500
each; seventeen messengers, at SI,200 each: clerk or
asecretaryto tho President of tho Senate, $1,752; clerk
to tho Committee on Finance, S1.S50: clerk to the
Committee on Claims, 81,850; clerk of printing rec-
ords, §1.850; clerk to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, $1,850; superintendent in charge of the fur-
naces, $1,200; assistant in charge of furnaces, $864;
three laborers, (one in charge of private passages,)
at $864 each; Chaplain to the Senate, $750; one spe-
cial policeman, $864, making $84,744.
Mr. AVOODBRIDGE. I move to amend
by striking out the paragraph just read, and
inserting in lieu thereof what I send to the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in tho
service of the Senate, namely: Secretary of the Sen-
ate, $4,320; officer charged with disbursements of the
ben ate, $576; chief clcrk, S3,000; principal clerk and
principal executive clerk in the office of the Secre-
tary of tho Senate, at $2,592 each; eight clerks in
othco of the becretary of the Senate, at £2,220 each:
^*1° stationery, $2,102 40; two messengers,
at §1,296 each; one page, at 8720; Serjeant-at-Arms
and Doorkeeper, 2,400; assistant doorkeeper, $2,040;
postmaster to tho Senate, §2,100; assistant postmas-
ter and mail-carrier. $1,728; two mail boys, at $1,200
each; superintendent of the document-room, $1,800:
two assistants in document-room, at §1,410 each; su-
perintendent of the folding-room, $1,800; three mes-
sengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers,, .at $1,800
each; seventeen messengers, at81,440 eacti; clerk or
secretary to the President of the Senate, $2,102 40;
cl erk to the Committee on Finance, $2,220: clerkto tho
Committee on Claims, $2,220; clerk to the Commit-
^ecor^  :$2,220; superintendent in
charge of the furnaces, SI,410; assistant in charge of
^ak°rer *n charge of private passages,
z&j :^lnnnborGrSt at ^ e£ch; Chaplain to the
$98Tof'so °nC spe Policeman, $864; making
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I raise a point
oi order on this amendment, that it proposes
to change the law as it now stands, which fixes
these salaries. It is precisely the same objec-
tion which the gentleman from Vermont [Mr,
 V oodbuidgeJ made to the amendment I sub-
mitted a few moments ago. This amendment
does not merely propose an appropriation ; it
is a proposition to change the law fixing these
salaries.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, as I
■understand the amendment which I have just
ottered, it does not change the existing law in
any particular. At the first session of the
_J hirty-Ninth Congress a law was passed mak-
ing the pay of members of Congress $5,000 a
year, and making a permauant addition of
