12
SUPPLEMENT TO
Tennessee; William M. Evarts, Esq., of New
York, and Hon. William S. Groesljeek, of Oliio,
appeared and took the Beats assigned to them,
on the right of the Chair.
The Sergeant-at-Arras announced the pres-
ence of the House of Representatives; and the
Committee of the Whole House, headed by Mr.
E. B. Washbtjrxe, of Illinois, the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole, and the Clerk
of the House, entered the Chamber, and the
members were conducted to the seats assigned
them.
The Secretary called the name of Mr. Doo-
little, who had not heretofore been sworn,
and the oath prescribed by the rules was ad-
ministered to him by the Chief Justice.
The CHLEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
read the minutes of the proceedings of the last
sitting.
The Secretary read the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of Friday, March 13, of the Senate
sitting for the trial of the impeachment of
Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, on aiticles of impeachment.
On the Journal of those proceedings occur
the following entries as to the proceedings of
the Senate on .that occasion, when it had re-
tired for deliberation :
" Tho Senate, with the Chief Justice, having re-
tired to their conference chamber, proceeded to con-
sider the motion submitted by Mr. 1}jI>munds; and,
*' Alter debate,
"On motion by Mr, Dbvkk to amend the motion
submitted by Mr. Edmunds, by striking out,all after
the word ' ordered,' and in heu thcreot inserting:
"'That tho respondent Jileanswer to the articles of
impeachment ou or boforo Friday, tho 20th day of
March instant,'
"It was determined in tho affirmative—yoas 25,
nays 20.
On motion by Mr. Tjjmkij,
"The yeas and liuys being desired by oncfifth of the
Senators present,
"Tlio&o who voted in tho affirmative arc—
O.iuioron, C.ittHl, Chandler, Colo, Oonk-
Conncsto, Oorbolt, Drake, .Feiry, Harlan, llow-
aid, Jlowo, Moigun, Morn 11 of Yoimunt, Morton,
Nye, l'atterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull,
Willey, Williams, WiNon, and Yatcd.
"Those who voted iii tho negative are—
"Ali'&'W. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Davis,
Dixon, lldmunds, Fesscnden, Kov/lor, FreUnghuy&en,
ilomlerhon, llendiiek^, Johnson, MeCieeiy,
Morrill ot Maine. Norton, Patterson of Tennessee,
Sauh-vbury, Van W inkle, and Viekeis.
" So ilio amendment ot Mr. Duakb to tho motion
of Mr. Komunds was agreed to.
"On tho (juerition to asreo to tho motion of Mr.
edmunds, as amended,
"Alter debato,
" On motion of Mr. Trumkult,, that thoSenate re-
consider its vote agiecins to tho amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Drake to the motion ot Mr. Edmunds,
"It was deteimincd in tho alHnnative—yeas 27,
navs 23.
"on motion of Mr. djiakh,
"Tho yens and nays being desired by one fifth of
tho Senators present,
"Tho^o who voted in thoaflirmativeare—
"Meters. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, CatteU,
Corbet, i)avus Dixon, Kihnunds, i'Vssenden, Fow-
ler, Fieiinehuy^en, li rimes, Henderson, Jloinlriek1*,
Johnson, iMcCreeiy, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessoc, Saulsbnry, Sher-
mun, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Viekers, and
Willey.
" Those who voted in the negative are—
"Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Oon-
ness. Drake, 1'errv, Harlan, Howard. Llowe, Mor-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson of New
Hampfthiro, Pomeroy, llamsoy, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Williams Wileon, and Yates.#
"So the Senate reconsidered its vote agreeing to
the amendmentoi' Mr. Drake to tho motion of Mr.
bdmuxos; and,
" The question recurring on the amendment of Mr.
DR vkk,
" On motion of Mr.TRUMHULL to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Dr.vkh, by striking out. the words '.Fii-
dav, tho 2Udi/ and inserting the words 'Monday, the
Zidr
" it w.is determined in the aifiimative; and,
"On the Question to agree to tho amendment, as
amended on the motion of Mr. Trumbull,
"Ii wih determined in the affirmative.
" The question again" recurring on tho motion of
Mr. Bdmuxds, as amended on tho motion ot Mr.
I)u ikh, as amended by Mr. Trumbull, in the follow-
ing words:
"* Orth'ied, T'lat, tho respondent file answer to the
articles of impeachment on or before Monday, the
2Jd day ot March instant/
" 11 was determined in the affirmative.
" Thereupon,
"The Senate returned to its Chamber/'
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Chief Justice, I rise to
make the same question to the Court which I
made in the Senate, and I think that now is
the appropriate time before the court has de-
cided to take up the case. I therefore submit
to the Court a motion in writing.
The CHIEF J UST\ CE. The Secretary will
read the motion.
The Secretary read as follows:
Mr. Davis, a member of the Senate and of the
Court of Impeachment, from the State of Kentucky,
moves the court to make this order:
The Constitution having vested the Senato with
the sole power to try the articles of impeachment ot
the President of the United States preferred by the
House of Representatives, and having also declared
that " the Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State chosen by the
Legislatures thereof:" and the States of Virginia,
North Carolina, South Caioliua, Georgia-, Alabama,
Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas having,
each by its Legislature, chosen two Senators who
have been and continue to be excluded by theSen-
ate from their seats, respectively, without any judg-
ment by the Senate against them personally and in-
dividually on the points of their elections, returns,
and qualilieiUions.lt is
Ordered, That a Court of Impeachment for the
trial of the Presidont cannotbo legally and constitu-
tionally formed while the Senators lrom the States
afoiesaid aro thus excluded from the Senate; ana
this case is continued until t.he Senators tiom these
States are permitted to take their seats in the Sen-
ate, subject to ail constitutional exceptions to their
olections, returns, and qualiiieations sevoraliy.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The rule does not
admit of debate.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I object to
the receiving of the paper as not in order.
Mr. CON NESS. Mr. President, I desire
to submit a motion, which will cover the case,
perhaps. I move that the paper be not re-
ceived, upon which I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise to sub-
mit a question of order.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I submit if the motion offered
by the Senator from Kentucky be in order.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The motion comes
before llio Senate in the shape of an order
submitted by a member of the Senate and of
the Court of Impeachment. The twenty-third
rule requires that " all the orders and decisions
shall be made and had by yeas and nays, which
shall be entered on the record, and without
debate, subject, however, to the operation of
rule seven." The seventh rule requires the
Presiding Officer of the Senate to "submit to
the Senate, without a division, all questions of
evidence and incidental questions; but the
same shall, on the demand of one fifth of the
members present, be decided by yeas and nays.''
By amendment this rule has been applied to
orders and decisions proposed by a member of
the Senate under the twenty-third rule. The
Chair rules, therefore, that the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky is in order.
Mr. CON NESS. Mr. President 
The CHIEF JUSTICE. No debate is
allowed.
Mr. CONNESS. Is the motion submitted
by me in order in connection with it?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The chair thinks
not.
Several Senators. Let us have a square
vote.
Other Senators. Let us have the yeas and
nays on tho order proposed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis and JlcCreery—2.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cameron,
Oafteil, Chandler, Cole, Oonklinff, Cormess, Corbett,
Otauin, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry,
Fcssendcn, Foivler, i'rcliiiKhuysen, driines, Harlan,
IJenderson, IIoncliic;ks, Ituwaul, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan, JiorriJl of Maine, Morrill of Veimont, Mor-
ton, Norton, Nyc, Patterson of New Hampshire, Pat-
terson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Kos.s. Sher-
man, Sprafrue, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vim Wmkle, Vickers, Willey, Williams,
^ViKon. and Yates—49.
ABSliNT—Messrs. 33ayard, Saulsbury, and Wade
—3.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On the motion to
adopt the order of the Senator from Kentucky,
the yeas are 2, and the nays 49. The motion
is lost.
Are the counsel for the President ready to
file their answer.
Mr. STANBERY. Mr. Chief Justice, in
obedience to the order of the honorable court,
made at the last session, that the answer of the
President should be filed to-day, we have it
ready. The counsel, abandoning all other en-
gagements, some of us quilting our courts, our
cases, and our clients, have devoted every hour
to the performance of this duty. The labor
has been incessant and exhaustive. We have
devoted, as I say, not only every hour ordin-
arily devoted to labor, but many required for
necessary rest and recreation have been con-
sumed in this work. It is a matter, Mr. Chief
Justice, of profound regret, to us that the hon-
orable court did not allow us more time.
Nevertheless we hope that the answer will
be found in all respects sufficient within the
law. Such as it is, we are now ready to read
and file it.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The counsel will
read the answer of the President.
Mr. CURTIS proceeded to read the answer
to the close of that portion relative to the first
article of impeachment.
Mr. STANBERY read that portion of the
answer beginning with the reply to the second
article to the close of the response to the ninth
article.
Mr. EVARTS read the residue of the answer.
The answer is as follows :
Senate of the United States, sitting as a Court
of Impeachment for the trial of Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States.
The answer of the said Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, to the articles
of impeachment exhibited against him by the
House of Representatives of the United States.
answer to article i.
For answer to the first article he says : that
Edwin M. Stanton was appointed Secretary
for the Department of War on the 13th day
of January, A. D. 1862, by Abraham Lincoln,
then President of the United States, during
the first term of his Presidency, and was com-
missioned, according to the Constitution and
laws of the United States, to hold the said
office during the pleasure of the President;
tha,t the office of Secretary for the Department
of War was created by an act of the First Con-
gress in its first session passed on the 7th day
of August, A. D. 178'J, and in and by that act
it was provided and enacted that the said Sec-
retary for the Department of War shall perform
and execute such duties as shall from time to
time be enjoined on and intrusted to him by
the President of the United States, agreeably
to the Constitution, relative to the subjects
within the scope of the said Department; and
furthermore, that the said Secretary shall eon-
duct the business of the said Department in
such a manner as tho President of the United
States shall, from time to time, order and in-
struct.
And this respondent, further answering, says
that by force of the act aforesaid and by reason
of his appointment aforesaid the said Stanton
became the principal officer in one of the Ex-
ecutive Departments of the Government within
the true intent, and meaning of t.he second sec-
tion of the second article of the Constitution
of the United States, and according to the true
intent and meaning of that provision of the
Constitution of the United States; and, in ac-
cordance with the settled and uniform practice
of each and every President of the United
States, the said Stanton then became, and so
long as he should continue to hold the said
office of Secretary for the Department of War
must continue to be, one of the advisers of the
President of the United States, as well as the
person intrusted to act for and represent the
President in matters enjoined upon him or in-
trusted to him by the President touching the
Department aforesaid, and for whose conduct
in such capacity, subordinate to the President,
the President is, by the Constitution and laws
of the United States, made responsible. And
this respondent, further answering, says he suc-
ceeded to the office of President of the United
States upon, and by reason of, the death of
Abraham Lincoln, then President of the Uni-
ted States, on the 15th day of April, 186G, and
