3094
THE 00JSTGKESSIOJNTAL GLOBE.
June 12,
in the face of that record—with twenty-four
thousand votes cast in Florida under the oper-
ation and limitation of your own laws for the
new constitution of that State—that there is
not sufficient population in Florida to consti-
tute a State.
Neither will it do, Mr. Speaker, for gentle-
men who stand here representing the demo-
cratic ideas of America to come and condemn
a constitution, in the presence of which the
constitutions oT half the States of the Dnion
pale touching the question of democratic
rights and privileges, and vote this constitu-
tion down on that ground. The constitution
of Florida makes no discrimination between
American citizens of full age being made
persons resident in the State, but secures the
equal right of suffrage to every one of them
upon one year's residence. That accords ex-
actly with my ideas of democracy, as 1 believe
it accords exactly with the ideas of democracy
entertained by four fifths of the whole body of
the American people. The constitution, sir,
is democratic by all the traditions of the He-
public. ' It is republican by all the interpreta-
tions of the Constitution of the United States.
Having said this, I shall vote, if I shall vote
alone, for the admission of Florida. And I
vote for the admission of the five remaining
States named in the bill upon the same ground
that I would vote for the admission of Florida,
to wit, that their constitutions are republican
and their provisions for the exercise of the
elective franchise democratic; and above all
■—and it is to this I call the attention of this
House and of this country—because upon the
admission of these six States, upon the express
condition named in the bill, may depend the
final ratification and incorporation into the
Constitution of the Republic of the fourteenth
article of amendment.
Oregon but the other day, under the oper-
ation of the apostate in the White House,
elected a Legislature adverse to 
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I will not call
the gentleman to order, but he ought to be.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman calls the
gentleman from Ohio to order.
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir, I do not, upon
reflection.
Mr. BINGHAM. Perhaps I ought not to
have said it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
■what the words were.
Mr. BROOKS. Impeachment is over, and
that sort of language is done.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is not quite over.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, go on.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is another tribunal
before which we are to try impeachment.
A Member. A post-mortem ? [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Never mind the post-mor-
tem,. I mean the great body of the American
people ; they are not dead nor the subjects of
o innrfpm.
Mr. ROBINSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not now.
Mr. ROBINSON. I thought not.
Mr. BINGHAM. I was calling attention to
the fact that 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will my colleague
allow me to ask a question and make a short
statement ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to my colleague.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In the first place,
the question I desire to ask my colleague, and
which he will answer at his convenience as he
proceeds with his remarks, is whether the
committee find, and whether in his judgment
the fact be so, that Florida, in presenting her-
self for readmission to her Federal relations,
has conformed to the requirements of the acts
of Congress relating to that matter? And if
Florida has complied with those acts of Con-
gress in substance and in spirit, then the
remark that I wish to make is that my own mind
furnishes an answer to all that has been said
in the way of objections to the details of the
constitution of Florida, and it is that those
details relate to matters not affecting the
loyalty and safety of the government which is
piesented for our approval and for the guar-
antee of the United States. They relate to mat-
ters of detail which the people at all times
have power to control, and it would be to
my mind a strange and wrong position for
the Congress to take, to exclude from repre-
sentation a State on the ground that its consti-
tution in these matters of detail, which do not
go to the matter of loyalty, or of safety, or of
propriety of being guarantied, may not be in
accordance with the minds of some of us.
And permit me, in conclusion, to say this:
that so far as my memory goes, in all the action
of Congress the principle upon which we have
acted—I mean the majority in Congress, who
have the responsibility of rehabilitating these
States and welcoming them back as speedily as
possible, with the invocation of God's blessing
and the blessing of all good men upon them—
I say the principle upon which we have acted
lias been not to control in details, not to
take microscopic views of the constitution,
&c., that they present, but simply to see that
tiiey are loyal and republican and safe. It
was rebellion that dashed them from their
orbits, and as soon as the rebellious spirit is
purged from them, and they are made right in
regard to loyalty, let us welcome them back.
That has been from the first, and will be to the
last my own view of this subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad that my col-
league has said what he has said, and espe
cially that, he has asked me the question whether
Florida has complied with the requirements of
the reconstruction acts in the matter of reor-
ganization. 1 answer him emphatically and
directly that she has, and I challenge contra-
diction from any quarter.
I agree with my colleague that we have no
right to question a State about the local de-
tails of lier constitution, which do not touch
the general safety of the Republic and do not
conflict with the requirements of the Constitu-
tion of the United States or any existing stat-
ute law. But, sir, I ask the House to con-
sider the point upon which I was dwelling
when my colleague interrupted me so oppor-
tunely and so properly, that it does concern
the safety of this Republic whether the four-
teenth article of amendments shall become
part of the fundamental law of the nation.
The condition-precedent incorporated in this
bill, which now presses for decision before this
House, is that not one of the six States named
in it shall come to political power save upon
the condition that its Legislature shall in due
form ratify the fourteenth article of amend-
ment. I stand here, Mr. Speaker, to proclaim
that by that act of ratification, upon every
theory, the fourteenth article becomes part of
the Constitution of the United States, and be-
comes thereby, for all the great hereafter, a
rock of safety to all the people of the Repub-
lic. Jt puts an end forever to this wild and
guilty fantasy that there is a sovereignty resid-
ing in any State of the Union superior to
the sovereignty of the Republic; it puts an
end forever to the mad declaration of dema-
gogues that it is competent for any State of
this Union to enact an ordinance of secession
or to levy taxes to the extent of a single far-
thing for the purpose of waging war against the
supremacy of the Republic and the supremacy
of its laws.
Mr. Speaker, it does strike me that the decis-
ion of this very question upon which the House
is about to pronounce may in some sort affect
not merely the stability of a political party in
this country, but may in some sort touch the
stability and perpetuity of the Republic.
I am willing to take all the consequences,
and therefore ask that the House will now
second the previous question. After that has
been done, ifsome gentlemen desire to be heard
to any reasonable extent, I am perfectly will-
ing they shall be heard in the hour to which I
will be entitled.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield to me for a
few minutes upon the question of the proceed-
ings in Florida being in accordance with the
reconstruction acts of Congress ?
Mr. BINGHAM. After the previous ques-
tion is seconded I will yield to the gentleman.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] has forty-eight minutes of his
hour left, having occupied twelve minutes of
his time before the previous question was
called.
Mr. SPALDING. I understand that both
Houses of Congress have agreed to the admis-
sion of Alabama, and therefore I will with-
draw my motion to strike out of the Senate
amendment all that relates to Alabama.
Mr. BINGHAM. I .now yield for ten min-
utes to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] my associate on the Committee of
Reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS. I am well aware that what-
ever may be said on this subject on this side
of the House is said to unwilling ears. It is
not, therefore, from any desire to address this
House that I shall make the few remarks that
I am about to make, but because it is a part
of my duty, as a member of the Committee on
Reconstruction, to oppose the passage of all
such bills as this.
And first, let me refer to the remark of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shkixabakgeh,] on
the other side of the Chamber, that it is not the
business of Congress to look into and change
constitutions, as suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth.] He says
that as constitutions are framed by the people,
it is the duty of the House to submit to the
judgment of the people who framed those con-
stitutions. But what is the spectacle presented
by this very bill? Georgia presents here a
constitution with a provision relating to home-
ste&ds
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man permit mc to correct him in relation to a
slight misapprehension he has made of what
I said?
Mr. BROOKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did not say,
and I do not think it will be found that I said,
that it is not the duty of Congress to look into
the constitutions presented by the States. I
said that it was not proper for Congress to look
into those details of the constitutions which
are under the control of the people at all times,
and which do not at all affect the loyalty of the
people of the State.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the gentle-
man. Yet in this very bill we have looked
behind the constitution of Georgia and propose
to strike out of that constitution all that relates
to the homesteads which the people of Georgia
have secured to themselves. With a micro-
scopic viewthe Committee on Reconstruction,
or a majority of them, have looked into the
details of the constitution of Georgia, and pro-
pose to strikeout of it certain provisions.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
geii] says all we have to do is to look to the
loyalty of the people ; in other words, -to look
to the politics of the people; for in the modern
acceptation of the term, with the metamorpho-
sis which the definition of the word has under-
gone since Webster, Worcester, «.nd other lex-
icographers gave the definition, loyalty has now
come to mean only an agreement with the views
of the majority of this House; or, in other
words, an indorsement of the radicalism of
the country.
Now, I will not say in regard to loyalty
what Dr. Johnson said about patriotism, for it
would not be in order. Dr. Johnson said that
patriotism was the last refuge of scoundrels.
Now, I will not say that loyalty is the last
refuge of scoundrels, for even if I were dis-
posed to do so it would not be within the bounds
of order for me, even metaphorically, to make
a declaration like that on the floor of this
House. But I do say that loyalty now means
accord with the party in power. And here-
after lexicographers, if they make definitions
founded upon the action of this House, will
