1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
twenty per cent, to the salaries of the employes
of thellouse. That, sir, is the law to-day; and I
have introduced this amendment for the par-
pose of making this bill conform to the exist-
ing law.
Now, sir, in the first place, as I understand
the rules of this House, an amendment of an
existing law cannot be included in an appro-
priation bill; but even if that can be done the
statement which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washhurjjf.] made yesterday, though
doubtless he supposed he was stating the fact,
was an error, because in this bill there is no
provision for repealing the existing law in re-
lation to the compensation of our employes.
The last paragraph of the bill, to which I un-
derstand the gentleman referred, is as follows:
" For compensation of the district marshals, $1-1,600;
and it is hereby provided that the number of officers,
clerks, and employ 6s employed and paid in the several
departments, bureaus, and offices mentioned in tllis
act, shall be limited to the number herein specified
and provided for; and all laws and parts of laws by
which any other officer.-,, clerks, or employes in said
several departments, bureaus, and oflicesarc created
or provided for, beyond such as are in this act speci-
fied, are hereby repealed."
Now, sir, in this repealing provision the
compensation of the employes of Congress is
not included ; and the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] was under an erroneous
impression when he stated yesterday to his
colleague [Mr. Logan] that if he would ex-
amine the bill he would find a clause repeal-
ing the increase of the pay of congressional
employfis. Why, sir, the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. WashburnE,] when the Military
Academy bill was under consideration a day
or two ago, said several times in the course of
the debate, "such is the law, and it is the duty
of Congress in its appropriation bills to execute
the law." If he was honest in that declara-
tion he will to-day favor the amendment which
I have offered.
Sir, I believe in economy as much as the
gentleman from Illinois does. But that cry has
become so common in this House that it does
not any longer even tickle the ears of the peo-
ple. Economy we must have in the adminis-
tration of our public affairs. We must have a
reduction of our Army to a minimum standard,
taking into consideration the safety of the
Republic. We must have a reduction of our
Navy. We must have a just administration
of our tax laws; the collection of revenue from
the luxuries of life, so that the industry of the
country will no longer suffer; a judicious revis-
ion of our system of foreign imports, so that
we may obtain the necessary amount of reve-
nue, while at the same time protecting the
manufacturing interests of this country. That
is what the people demand at our hands.
But, sir, they do not demand injustice. This,
sir, is no economy. It is like the father who
allows his children to go uneducated because
he would save his money. It is like the man
who would allow his house to go into dilapida-
tion because he would keep his money. It is
like the farmer who sends everything to mar-
ket except what his pigs only will eat and feed-
ing his family on what the pigs reject. Tt is
that sort of economy. It is parsimony born
of avarice.
Now, sir, the people of this country do not
ask us to starve our employes. They ask us
to give everyone a fair compensation. And I
am in favor of restoring to the clerks the pay-
ment of twenty per cent. But that, sir, is not
a parallel to the one here now, as was stated
yesterday by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburxe.] The twenty per cent, to the
clerks of the several Departments expired by
its own limitation last July, according to the
act providing for their increased pay. There
is no limitation here. The salaries of our em-
ployes are fixed by law. They are as perma-
nent as the salary we receive oursoves, and
cannot be changed until the law itself is re-
pealed. And while I do not say it is an insult
to the House, I do say it is the most extraordi-
nary proceeding that the Committee on Appro-
priations should come here and recommend
propositions for the action of the House m
clear violation of the well-settled law of the
land. I do not justify any committee that will
do that, for I believe it is done rtiore for repu-
tation than for the welfare of the Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont will
bring'the House to a clear vote on the whole
question now before it, and so far as that is
concerned I am glad he has offered his amend-
ment in its present shape. If this committee
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont it will be reported to the House,
where it can be settled on a vote by yeas and
nays.
Now, sir, in reply to the strictures of the
gentleman from Vermont—his strictures upon
the Committee on Appropriations—I desire to
state to this Committee of the Whole what
influence operated upon the Committee on
Appropriations in inserting this provision of
the bill. We found, sir, that the twenty per
cent, had been cut off from all the employes
of the Government outside the Capitol. We
found that the House of Representatives had
refused by a direct vote to give this twenty per
cent, additional compensation to any of the
employes of the Government disconnected
with the Capitol. We found if -we voted for
that twenty per cent, we voted more than twelve
hundred thousand dollars out of the Treasury
of the United States, as it would require more
than twelve hundred thousand dollars to pay
this twenty per cent. This is a mere bagatelle
in the estimation of the liberal gentleman from
Vermont, who is in favor of economy, but who
is also in favor of every appropriation to rob
the public Treasury.
Now, Mr. Chairman, when we considered
that we concluded that it was unjust and un-
fair, and that we could not stand before the
country making this discrimination in favor of
our own employes and against everybody else,
and hence we did propose the several sums
specified in this section of the bill.
Now, the gentleman says this is changing
existing law, or rather it is not carrying out
existing law. He endeavors to convict me of
inconsistency in what I said the other day.
Sir, there is no inconsistency in it. I said we
had no right to refuse an appropriation called
for by law unless we repealed the law; and I
say now that in the last clause of this bill we
do repeal the law, so as to make it conform to
the appropriations which are now specified.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman slates ho does
this because we refused the twenty per cent, to
the other employes of the Government. Now,
did he vote to give it to those other employes?
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman had been here when that vote was taken
lie would have known that I voted against any-
thing additional. And I am consistent here
to-day. I voted against that twenty per cent,.,
and I say that to be consistent with myself I
must vote against this twenty per cent.
I have not time, of course, in five minutes
to go over the whole question of twenty per
cent, additional compensation. Let us pass
upon this and see precisely where we stand.
If the committee will examine the laws—and
I have not time to read from them—they will
see that there are no instances, except certain
employes, wlrose pay is less than $1,000  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I propose to amend by add-
ing one dollar to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont in reference to the spe-
cial police, so that if will read: " one special
policeman, $SG5.:!
I do not desire to discuss this bill for any
other purpose than to call the attention of my
colleague to the fact that he is in error in his
statement that there is a provision in this bill,
as reported, repealing the law giving the
twenty per cent, to the employes of the House
and Senate. There is no such provision in the
Ijill. The clause is as follows:
And all laws and parts of laws by which any other
officers, clerlis, ur employ^ ill said several I.cpart-
meut-\ bureaus, and offices are created or proviaect
for beyond such as are in this act specified arc hereby
repealed.
This repealing clause in the appropriation bill
applies not to the employes of the Senate and
House, but to other officers of the various De-
partments and bureaus of the Government.
It does not apply to the employ6s and clerks
as provided for in this bill.
Then let me call the attention of the House
to one other thing. In the very law that pro-
vides that twenty per cent, shall be allowed
in addition to the salaries now provided by
law for the clerks and employes of the Senate
and House we find a provision giving to the
members of Congress, as I remarked yester-
day, an increase of their annual salaries from
three thousand to five thousand dollars. In
section eighteen of that law it is provided
that twenty per ccnt. shall bo given to theso
clerks and omployfes of the House and Senate
in addition to their present salary under a
prior law, and there is no attempt to repeal
this provision of the law of 1866 by this bill-
as reported from the Committee on Appro-
priations. That being the case, then I ask the
House to apply the same rale to those clerks
and employes that they apply to themselves.
I ask the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations if that looks well for members of this
House? Almost the first line in the bill pro-
vides—for what? For a sufficient amount to pay
the Senators §5,000, under section seventeen
of the law of 1866. Then immediately follows
a reduction of twenty per cent, from the pay
of the poor employes of the Senate. Now,
what kind of legislation is that? It is legis-
lation which gives to us our salaries, that
retains the rich in possession of their gains,
but takes away or reduces the compensation
of the poor man. It is the same old principle
of giving to the rich and taking from the poor.
Yesterday, when I tried to have stricken out
of the Military Academy appropriation bill a
provision giving to the officers at West Point an
additional amount to their salaries as allowed
by law, I asked this House if it would apply
such a rule to West Point and a different rule
to the poor soldiers that were working for us as
laborers, wheeling a wheelbarrow and moving
our documents. I call the attention of my
colleague to the fact that there stands at one of
our doors a man without any arms, both having
been taken away by a rebel shot, and he, with
two iron hooks attached to his stumps, moves
the door back and forth. From that poor man
you take away the twenty per cent, which the
law gives him, while for your West Point lieu-
tenant you increase his compensation thirty per
cent. Why? Because he is a graduate of
the Military Academy. But the poor armless
soldier can open and close the door for you as
you pass along and you refuse to give him his
additional pay, which he is entitled to by law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend by striking out the ^amendment
offeied by the gentleman from Vermont and
inserting the following as a substitute :
To certain employ gain the civil service of the Gov-
ernment nt Washington twenty per cent, upon their
pay for one year from and after June 30,1867: i ro-
vided. This shall not apply to employC-s whose pay
exceeds $3,500 per annum.
I desire to revive that law of 1866 for one
year.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. _ That certainly cannot be
in order : it is making a new law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
move to strike out all the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont except the last word
and insert what I have offered. _
The CHAIRMAN. That will not be in order.
It is changing the law; it is origiual, inde-
pendent legislation. _
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is
amending the law, nothing else.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
