1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
full the causes assigned by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue for asking the removal cf James B.
Steadman, eollector of internal revenue for the first
district of Louisiana.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compensation to committee clerks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, offered the
following resolution, and demanded the pre-
vious question thereon:
Resolved, That the resolution of the House passed
March the 3d instant, in the following words:
"Resolved, That the clerks to committees in the
House of Representatives shall receive the same
additional compensation as the other employes of
the House?"
shall be so construed as to increase th$ compensa-
tion of those committee clerks now receiving four
dollars per day twenty per cent.; and the Clerk of
the House of Representatives is hereby authorized
to pay thorn at the rate of $4 80 per day during the
sessions of the Fortieth Congress.
The previous question was not seconded;
and Mr. Ross rising to debate the resolution,
it went over.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, notified the House that the Sen-
ate had ordered that the Secretary be directed
to request the House of Representatives to
return to the Senate the bill of the House (H.
R. No. 658) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1869, and for other purposes, passed by the
Senate on the 21st instant with amendments
and sent to the House for its concurrence in
said amendments.
By unanimous consent, it was ordered that
the bill be returned to the Senate.
additional compensation.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, also offered
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 245) giving addi-
tional compensation to certain employes in
the civil service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1868; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
reported.
The joint resolution was accordingly read in
full. It provides that there be paid for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1868, to
the several clerks, messengers, laborers, and
other employ6s in the several Executive
Departments in the city of Washington, (ex-
cepting those female employes whose pay has
been raised to $900 per annum, under the act
of July 23, 1866,) and to the photographer
and assistant photographer of the Treasury
Department, to the clerks and other em-
ploys in city post office and the Agricultural
Department, and civilians who are clerks
and temporary clerks in the offices of the
Coast Survey and Naval Observatory and
in the office of the Capitol extension, in the
city of Washington, a graduated per cent, upon
the amount of their salary or other compen-
sation of the following character and with the
following restrictions and limitations, to wit:
to all who receive a compensation of less than
$1,200, per annum, twenty per cent, on the
amount of such compensation ; to all who re-
ceive $1,200 and less than $1,600, fifteen per
cent.; to all who receive $1,600 and less than
$2,000, ten per cent.; and to all who receive
$2 jOOO and less than $3,500 per annum, five per
cent, on the amount of their annual compen-
sation ; to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose my colleague
does not wish this acted upon immediately.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I want
action upon it now. ,
Mr. CHANLER and Mr. ROSS objected on
the ground that the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Washburn] had already offered one reso-
lution.
Mr. ORTH. I then introduce the joint reso-
lution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my colleague will
strike out that part of the resolution which
excludes the female employes receiving $900
per annum.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Have they
not already received twenty per cent, extra ?
The SPEAKER. If debate arises the reso-
lution goes over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is action
asked upon this without reference to a com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ROSS. I raise the point of order, that
the resolution contains an appropriation, and
must therefore go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The last words in the resolu-
tion make an appropriation, and it must there-
fore go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBORN, of Indiana. I move to
strike them out.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING-, the joint
resolution was ordered to be printed.
pay of george d. blakey, contestant.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to George 1>. Blakey, the sum of
$2,500 a-s compensation for time spent and expenses
incurred in contesting aseat in fhis flouse. as Rep-
resentafive from the third congressional district of
Kentucky.
Mr. UPSON. Will not the gentleman con-
sent to have this resolution referred to the
Committee of Elections?
Mr. JULIAN. I prefer to take the sense
of the House upon it.
Mr. KERR. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 73, noes 25.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 trust that by unanimous
consent the resolution may be referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. INGERSOLL. that is fair. Let that
be done.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was laid on the table ; and also move that the
i motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motiou was agreed to.
leaves of absence.
Mr. Boyer obtained leave of absence for one
week.
Mr. Higby obtained leave of absence for two
weeks.
Mr. Axtell obtained indefinite leave of ab-
sence.
attendance on impeachment trial.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, as the hour
is at hand when the impeachment trial will be
resumed, would it not be proper for the Chair
to suggest to members the very great impro-
priety of their straggling over one by one into
the Senate, so that when the time arrives for
us to go over, accosting to order, as a Com-
mittee of the Who™ but a small number of
members will be there, and all the best seats
in the Senate will have been secured by mem-
bers who have gone over in advance?
The SPEAKER. The order of the House
is that the House shall, as a Committee of the
Whole, accompany the managers to the bar of
the Senate. Gentlemen will understand that
the order of the House is not complied with
by members going over individually.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Clerk, communicated the following extract
from its Journal; which was read at the Clerk's
In Senate of the United States*
March 23,186$.
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that the Senate is in its Chamber
and ready to proceed on the trial of Andrew John-
son, President of the United States, and that seats
are provided for the accommodation of the members.
Mr. CHAN-LER. Does the rule still hold
that when the House shall return from the
Senate business is to be transacted as usual?
The SPEAKER. Any business can be trans-
acted after the House returns from, the Senate.
Mr. CHANLER. Is a motiou now in order
to provide that no business be transacted to-
day after the House returns to its Hall?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order, because the House is now about to
execute its resolution with regard to attendance
on the impeachment trial.
Agreeably to order, the House resolved itself
into the Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the bar of the Senate.
At twenty minutes before five o'clock p. m.
the Committee of the Whole returned to the
Hall, and the Speaker having resumed the
Chair,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: As
chairman of the Committee of the Whole I
have to report that the committee have, accord-
ing to order, attended the trial by the Senate
of the impeachment of Andrew Johnson, Presi-
dent of the United States ; that the answer of
the said Andrew Johnson was presented in
their presence ; that progress was made in the
trial; and that the Senate sitting for the said
trial adjourned to meet to-morrow at one
o:clock.
contested election.
The SPEAKER presented papers in the con-
tested-election case of McGrorty vs. Hooper;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
assistant secretary of the treasury.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in response to a resolution of the House of the
9th instant, relative to the authority by which
Edmund Cooper acts as Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the reading of
that document.
The SPEAKER. If it is to be read the
Chair will withdraw it and present it to-morrow
morning.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would like to hear it
read whenever it may be presented.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will withdraw
the document for the present.
presents for indians in alaska.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, recommending an appropriation, to
be expended in presents of clothing and to-
bacco to the Indians of the Aleutian islands,
in Alaska; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
impeachment of the president.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of the constitutional convention of
North Carolina, indorsing the action of the
House of Representatives in impeaching the
President of the United Stateswhich were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
political disabilities.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the report of the committee on political dis-
abilities of the convention of North Carolina,
asking the action of Congress in behalf of cer-
tain persons therein named; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Reconstruction,
and ordered to be printed.
election contest—switzlek vs. anderson.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, presented a report in the contested-elec-
tion case of Switzler vs. Anderson, accom-
panied by the following resolutions:
Resolved, That George W. Anderson is not entitled
to a seat in this House as a Representative in tne
fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Missouri. _ „ j a
Resolved, That William F. Switzler is ent tled to a
seat in this House as a Representative in jho*or
, tieth Congress from the mil til congressional ("strict
I of Missouri.
