3096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12
t
man's question; but I want to answer one part
of it first, and I want him to understand that I
do not admit tbatwe are without a nationality.
Neither do I admit that we are but a confed-
eracy. It was necessary that there should be
this conflict between the gentleman and myself,
for it rests upon conviction.
Now, as to the other point suggested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] of a constitution forced upon a people
by the bayonet within the Republic as the con-
stitution of a State. I Bay it has never been
done by the Government of the United States,
nor is it attempted to be done now. The bay-
onetdid not compel the people to vote. It can-
not cot/ipel them to vote. The gentleman
ought to remember the words of the great trib-
une of the people of France when he said,
"Bayonets have 110 power over the will of the
people." They have no more power over the
will of the people than they have over the
omnipotence of God himself. You may crush
men by the bayonet, you may torture men by
the wheel, but you can neither by the force of
the bayonet nor the torture of the wheel com-
pel freemen to vote! it is a libel upon the
freemen of America, unworthy of the place and
unjust to the people for any man to talk about
American freemen, either among the cver-
?lades of Florida or among the granite hills of
lew England, being compelled to vote by the
bayonet. I tell the gentleman he libels the
American character when he intimates that
any portion of the freemen of this country
anywhere, North, South, Bast, or West, ever
voted by compulsion of the bayonet. They
vote voluntarily. They vote as freemen only
dare vote, according to the convictions of their
own minds and according to the purposes of
their own will. That is my answer to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes,but donotdelayme.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has teld
us in very emphatic language that bayonets
cannot force men to vote. Well, possibly that
may be so, although a friend on my left says
he has felt the power of the bayonet, and knows
it has some compulsion in it. But I put the
question to the gentleman if bayonets may not
prevent men from voting, and stand between
them and the exercise of the right of suffrage?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is another and very
different question, sir, and that is the very
thing that was done.
.Mr. ELDEIDGE. That was the very thing
that was done in these States.
Mr. BINGHAM. That was the very thing
that was done for four long years by that party
that followed the black banner of treason un-
der the lead of gentlemen who called them-
selves the confederate States of America, and
who seem to find an ally in the gentleman from
"Wisconsin, from the question which he pro-
pounds to me. I deny, sir, that American fiee-
roen have ever under the laws of Congress or
by the will of the great body of the American
people been deterred from voting according to
their will and pleasure in accordance wilh the
requirements and subject to the limitations of
the Constitution of the UnitedStates. I wenty-
four thousand men in Florida, constituting
three fourths of the freemen of the State, en-
titled either under its ancient constitution or
under our own laws of reconstruction to vote,
and constituting the body of that people, acted
under no coercion whatever. The man is inex-
cusable who undertaken to raise any such ques-
tion here. It was in the power ol the people
of Florida to sit quietly in their homes, and
there was no one to make them afraid or to
drag them to the polio. On the contrary, they
went voluntarily for the purpose of restoring
that State, broken and blasted by armed rebel-
lion, to its former place in the Union, and to
give to its people their proper political power
in the councils of the nation.
Mr BECK. I would ask the gentleman
whether in this very bill you are not seeking to
impose upon the people of Alabama a consti-
tution which not only General Meade, bat this ;
House, has declared was rejected by the people i
of that State in the manner provided by your :
own law, namely, by stayingawayfrom the polls! !
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. It never was :
any part of the law to which the gentleman !
refers that those men who stayed away and
would not vote either one way or the other
should deprive seventy-eight thousand qualified
electors of the right of petition ; nor was it, as
my honorable colleague [Mr. Shellababger]
right well knows, ever tiie intention of any
gentleman upon this floor who had anything to
do with framing those bills to put it in the
power of a set of men lately in rebellion to take
away from the representatives of Uie people in
Congress assembled the right at any time to
alter, amend, or repeal their own laws in the
interest of the common country and in the
interest of the loyal people. Seventy-eight
thousand freemen in Alabama voted for that
constitution; and thegentleman from Kentucky,
when he turns back the records of his country,
will find that the party with which he is in some
sort of alliance upon this floor deemed it im-
portant, in violation of every provision of the
Constitution, to admit a foreign State into this
Union after the treaty-making power had
rejected it, represented by only twelve thou-
sand voters, by joint resolution did admit the
then foreign State of Texas. But that was in
the interest of that Democracy which made
merchandise of men ;• and this movement to-day
is in the interest of that Democracy which
secures freedom to all men and eqnal rights of
suffrage, irrespective of social position, irre-
spective of complexion, irrespective of wealth,
upon the simple conditionof citizenship, adher-
ence, and loyalty to the Constitution and laws
of the United States within the several States
of the Union. This is the marked distinction
between the positions occupied by that party
which the people have broken up and destroyed,
and that great party which to-day represents
the intellect and the heart and the conscience,
not only of America, but of the civilized world.
And this brings me now to the point which I
was approaching when the gentleman inter-
rupted me. I desire to reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from NewYork, [.Mr. Bnooics,]
my associate on the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. He undertook to limit, the meaning of
the few opening remarks which I made by
incorporating into those remarks the words.
"The sole purpose, the only purpose, the whole
purpose, of admitting Florida is to secure the
ratification of the fourteenth article of amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. Speaker, before I referred to the four-
teenth amendment, I had uttered words which
excluded every such conclusion as the gentle-
man has seen fit to draw from my remarks. I
had said that the people of Florida had organ-
ized a State government republican in form ;
I had stated that their constitution was demo-
cratic ; I had stated in substance that having
conformed their constitution and laws to the
requirements of the national Constitution,
and to the requirements of the congressional
acts of reconstruction, it was their right to be
restored to political power in this Union, and
that it was the duty of Congress, in the exer-
cise of the power vested in it by the whole
people of this country, to restore the people
of that State to their former place m the
Union.
The gentleman says there was audacity in
my statement. Audacity in what, sir? Au-
dacity in saying that we should lift up the fallen
columns of the Republic? Audacity in saying
that we should restore ten States, broken and
disorganized by rebellion, to their places in the
Union? Audacity to make again this great
people one people from sea to sea? Audacity
in using the words of the great Declaration to
take new securities for the future safety of the
people of this country, North and South, East
and West? I expressed in those remarks which
the gentleman calls audacious, merely the
declared will of the people of the United
States.
Audacity 1 Sir, is it not audacity in the
gentleman, and in the miserable party which
he represents, to undertake to- thwart in this
manner the solemnly declared will of the
American people, from Maine to Oregon?
Does not the gentleman know that within the
last two years the people of twenty-three or-
ganized States of this Union, by overwhelming
majorities, have declared that it is their will
that the Constitution of the United States shall
be so amended that State secession and State
rebellion shall hereafter be left without color
of excuse, without color of authority in that
Constitution? Does he not know that th©
people within those twenty-three Stales, rep-
resenting not less than twenty-five millions of
'the people of this nation, have not only de-
clared that which I have j«st uttered, but have
declared further that no State of this Union*
shall levy contributions to the extent of a
single farthing for the purpose of paying the
expenses of rebellion against tbe Government
or the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. BURR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; not now. Iam
dealing with the audacity of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brooks.} 1 want to know
whether it was not audacity in the party which
the gentleman undertakes to represent here,
after the people of Ohio, by a majority of from
forty to fifty thousand, had declared in favor
of this fourteenth article of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, in a minor-
ity in the last vote in the State of Ohio, though
by accident a majority in the Legislature, to
dare to repeal the recorded will of that people
and undertake to revive tbe expiring fortunes
of that rebellion which has covered the land
with graves and has filled the land with lament-
ation ?
The gentleman speaks of audacity. Sir, the
people will answer that at the polls ; they have
answered it, and will answer it again.
The gentleman, however, has undertaken to
play the role of prophet here upon this occa-
sion, and gives us warning that the enactment
of this bill, and the admissions of those States,
and the ratification by them of the fourteenth
article of amendment to the Constitution will
not profit us? How does the gentleman come
to speak so authoritatively? Has he been
gifted with the vision of the seer? Does he sup-
pose that the people of the United States are
about to take a step backward; that they are
about to legalize treason again under the pre-
tense that the sovereignty of the State is supe-
rior to the sovereignty of the nation? Does
he suppose that they are going to fall back and
adopt the theory suggested by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Woodwabd,] that
they are no nationality after all; that they are
only a confederacy of separate and independ-
ent States, each sovereign within its own terri-
torial limits? Does he, when he gives out
these oracular sayings of his, suppose that the
people of the United States are really to enter-
tain for a moment the exploded theories of that
great and astute man who so long led the South
by the splendor of his intellect and the pro-
fundity of his logic, John C. Calhoun, that
the Government of the United States is nothing
but a mere agent, the principals of which are
separate, sovereign, and independent States
of the Union? God forbid that the gentleman
should prove in this matter a prophet of God,
or even a prophet of that inferior being who
sometimes ventures to prophesy evil in his own
name ! 1 trust it may fare with the gentleman
in the course of his prophetic pilgrimages as it
fared with the prophet of old when lie ascended
the mountain for the purpose of cursing God's
Israel, and on his way was met by the angel,
beautiful and immortal, guardian of men and
nations,when, lifting his eyes, he saw the plains
white with the tents of the chosen, the rescued,
the redeemed, and the protected people, was
compelled, instead of cursing, to utter bless-
ings and exclaim, " How goodly are thy tents,
0 Jacob, and thy tabernacles, O Israel! "
Let the House do its duty. Let this Con-
