1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then,
sir, I have only to say that I shall vote for the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Woodbridge.] Last year the
House, after full discussion upon the Question,
made provision for this extra compensation,
and I understand that the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont confines it to one
year. If not, I will move an amendment so as
to conhne it to one year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is just
as much out of order as the other proposition
of the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the proposition of thegentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Woodbridge] is for one year. This
is a bill making appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 30, I860.'
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
so understand it. I understand that the amend-
ment is general in its terms.
Mr. \\ ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have the amendment read again.
The Clerk began to read Mr. Woodbkidge's
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I onlywant
to have that portion of it read limiting it, and
which, I contend, changes the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no proposition
of that kind pending. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] was ruled out of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend the amendment by adding the words
"this to continue for one year."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
liable to the same objection; it is new legisla-
tion. I make the point of order on it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. That is
the very thing that was put in the bill last year,
to my certain knowledge. I am told now that
the amendment does limit, it to one year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ver-
mont is in so many words the appropriation
made last year. It does not change the exist-
ing law. It is to carry out the existing law.
The amount proposed to be appropriated cor-
responds with the amount appropriated last
year.
Mr. SPALDING. Does it limit it to the
officers of the Senate?
The CHAIRMAN. This is the appropria-
tion for the officers of the Senate.
Mr. SPALDING. That is what I wanted
to know.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Do I un-
derstand this to be for all the officers of Con-
gress?
The CHAIRMAN. Only for the officers of
the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania* If the
amendment is confined to the Senate I have
nothing to say.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the amount for the
last officer named in it five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, as I understand this question
it is presented to us now in this way: the law
of the land gives, by an addition of twenty per
cent, to their former salaries, a certain salary
to each one of the employes of the Senate.
That is the existing law; and it is neither
repealed nor proposed to be repealed by this
bill. The last section of the bill to which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
refers makes no repeal whatever of that law.
It is a provision relating to the persons who
shall be contemplated by the law as provided
for, without one word as to their compensation.
Then, sir, we stand here with a law upon
our statute-book giving to each one of the per-
sons named in this section a certain^ salary as
compensation, and with an appropriation bill
before us which proposes to reduce that salary
without its having been reduced by any repeal
or change of the law.
Now, sir, suppose that this bill passes, and
suppose that for the postmaster of the Senate
you appropriate $1,700, when bylaw his salary is
$2,100 ; whafwill follow? They will pay him,
perhaps, the $1,700, and when he asks for his
other $400 they will not be able to say " the
law does not allow it to you," but they will
simply reply, "Congress did not make an ap-
propriation for your full salary." What, then,
follows? Tie has a claim, then, upon the Gov-
ernment for the $400 of his salary unpaid, and
it will be very difficult for any future Congress
to refuse to pay him that $400. The law is
not repealed; it is unchanged; the appropri-
ation does not conform to the law, but falls
short of it. He performs the service and
demands the payment of his salary, and the
reply he receives at the door of the Treasury
is, "There has been only an appropriation for
a part of your salary; the rest, must stand over
and come into some deficiency bill."
Apply it to the case of a member of Con-
gress, to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Wash-
bukne,] for instance. Suppose we should ap-
propriate only $3,000 for his salary, without
any change of the law which gives him $5,000
a year, will he pretend to say that he would
not then have a good claim against the Gov-
ernment for $2,000 more?
Mr. SPALDING. If my colleague [Mr.
Sohenck] will allow me, I will say that the
Committee on Appropriations ordered a clause
to be reported repealing that provision.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know what the
committee have ordered. 1 am not in posses-
sion of their secrets. 1 only know what they
have done; there is nothing of that sort in the
bill. They may intend to follow it up here-
after by a motion to amend the bill so as to
make it conform to their appropriation, and
then, perhaps, they may accomplish their object
legitimately. But, as the bill now stands, it
only makes an appropriation of a less amount
than the man would be entitled to claim from
the Treasury, and will leave the Government
in his debt.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Lest the committee
may misunderstand this amendment I propose
to explain it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is that
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge] has already spoken upon the same
side of this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Vermont to be about to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schexcic.]
Mr. MAYNARD. If the Chair understands
that I think the Chair is the only one here who
does.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sciie.nx'k] to the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge.]
The gentleman from Vermont, who has not
yet spoken upon the amendment to the amend-
ment, now proposes to speak in opposition
to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Chair merely under-
stands that the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio is in furtherance of the object had
in view by the gentleman from Vermont, that
they are both on the same side of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The gentleman from Ver-
mont will proceed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. During the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Nmth Congress a law was
passed fixing the compensation of the employes
of the House. In accordance with that law
there was appropriated for the present fiscal
year precisely the amount due them under that
law of Congress. My amendment is precisely
in accordance with the appropriation for this
purpose made last year, so that if it is adopted
it will then provide for the payment of thege
employes of the Senate precisely what they ar#
entitled to under the law, and no more.
And I will state further that, there having
been for a long time discrepancies and differ-
ences between the salaries of officers of the
same grade of the two Houses of Congress,
there was appointed a joint select committee
to revise and fix the pay of the officers of the
two Houses. That committee have been de-
voting their attention carefully to the duty
assigned them, but have not yet completed
their work. At an early day, however, they
will bring in a bill revising and equalizing the
pay of those employes.
As to the remark of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. [Mr. Washbttrxe,] that "the gentleman
from Vermont comes here to rob the Treas-
ury" 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
make any such statement.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I can only say that
that remark indicates that he is—-a gentleman.
I am in favor of no scheme not based upon
justice, and I would not vote to rob the Treas-
ury of one dollar. But I hope I am too much
of a man to come here and oppose that which
is the due of one, even of the humblest, of our
citizens. WThen a poor widow comes hers
and in tears asks for the pension to which
she is entitled, or when a poor orphan, desti-
tute and hungry, comes here and asks to be
paid the pittance that the Government owes
him, as the child of a brave soldier, I will not
rise in my place here and cry "economy, econ-
omy," "robbery, robbery." The tears pf
widows and orphans sent away from Congress,
deprived of their just dues, shall not be laid to
me charge. I will do to them as I will do to
everybody who comes here and respectfully
asks for reljifif; I will do justice to them let
the consequences be what they may. When
the American Government shall have come so
low that it cannot do right, when it is so re-
duced and poor that it cannot pay a fair and
adequate compensation to its employes, then
the time will have come when the stars should
sink in eternal night.
I, sir, have no fear of it. Backed by thirty-
five million people, industrious, honest, manly,
and brave, this Government can protect itself,
can pay its debt, can compensate fairly its era-
ploy6s, and do justice to all men, and in the
end will show itself the greatest nation the sun
has ever shone upon.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] said the other day that he had "no
reputation to make and no reputation to lose."
I beg of him not to put us all in the same po-
sition that he occupies himself. I, sir, have
reputation to make if I can make it properly ;
aud if I have made any reputation heretofore
I cannot afford to lose it. And I cannot sit
quietly in my place and be unjustly accused
of either directly or indirectly lending my voice
or my votes to the furtherance of any propo-
sition not based on integrity and justice.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. HILL. I desired to ask the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridge] before he
sat down whether his amendment proposes to
give this increase to the laborers.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the amendment.
As a member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions I desire to say a word or two. That
committee seems to be unnecessarily impugned.
We do not wish to run so directly counter to
the propositions of gentlemen as they may
imagine. I myself, on a former occasion,
offered a resolution to give this twenty per cent,
to the employes in the different Departments.
I afterward found that I had made a mistake
m framing that resolution, because I excluded
those whose pay is less than $1,000. I had
thought, and so had the committee, that there
was already in force a provision of law giving
to that cf"ass of employes an increase of twenty
per cent. ; but we found we were mistaken
pa that point. I now design to propose at a
proper time (and perhaps during the discussion
of this bill we may find a fit opportunity) to
place the employes in all the various Depart-
ments of the Government in Washington upon
