4120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Mr. HENDERSON. I have some other
amendments to offer from the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following to the first section :
For the purpose of carrying out new treaty stipu-
lations witli the northern Choyennes and Arapahoes,
and for lemoving tliem from near Fort Laramie to
the new reservation, as agreed by the Indian peace
commission, $30,000.
Mr. I-IOWE. Is that a new section?
Mr. HENDERSON. It is under the new
treaty whieli has just been sent in, and is now
pending. I regard the appropriation as abso-
lutely essential. i
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer another amend-
ment, to insert the following:
For the purpose of clothing and subsisting the
Crow Indians of Montana Territory, under provis-
ions of the treaty of I860, and under the late treaty
made by the peace commissioners at Fort Laramie,
and for paying expenses for subsistence incurred at
Fort Laramie, $00,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer another amend-
ment, to insert the following:
For the purpose of removing to their new reserva-
tion the Sioux Indians of the Powder river country,
and for subsistence, and to enable them to comincnco
farming, as provided in the new treaty of Fort Lar-
amie, made with the poace commissioners, $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer another amend-
ment, to insert after line one hundred and
ninety-three the following :
For the Chippewas of Lake Superior, to bo expended
in the purchase of twine for nets, kettles for making
sugar, guns and ammunition, provisions, and mate-
rial for blankets, clothing, &c., as estimated by tho
agent of said Indians, §15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another amend-
ment, to insert after line seventy of the amend-
ments the following:
For transportation of goods, Ac., to the Kiowas,
Comanches, Apaches, Cheyennes, and Arapahoes,
$12,000.
The Senate will remember that in striking
out the clause iii the original bill we struck
out the transportation, and it was neglected to
be inserted, and it is necessary to put it in.
I have reduced it, however, from the estimate
.of $16,000to $12,000. Ithiuk it may be made
at that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. J have another amend-
ment, to insert after the sixth line of the printed
amendments the following:
The salary of said last-named superintendent shall
be 88,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have another amend-
ment, to insert the following:
For vaccination of Indians and furnishing vaccine
matter, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer another amend-
ment, to insert as an additional section the
following:
Awl be it further enacted. That with a view and
for the purpose of collecting together under tho same
government and control tlio various Indian tribes
now in the State of Kansas, in the Indian territory,
and on the plains south and west of said State and
Territory, including the Osages, Wichitas, ICiowas,
Comanches, Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Apaches,
together with Mich tribes or individual Indians in
the Stato of Texas and in the Territory of New
Mexico as may be inducedto settle thereon, tho fol-
lowing district of country is hereby set apart as a
permanent Indian reservation, to wit: all that ter-
ritory bounded north by Kansas, east by Arkansas
and Missouri, south by Texas, and west by the one
huudred and first meridian of west longitude; and
said territory shall be known as the Territory of
Cherokee. And it is hereby made tho duty of tho
Secretary of the Interior to cause to be prepared
and reportod to Congress at its next session suoh
rules and regulations as in his judgment may bo
proper and efficient for tho government and civiliza-
tion of the Indians to be collected thereon, which
rules and regulations, when enacted into law by
Congress,shall constituted form of government for
said Territory. Until the repeal or alteration of
this section, no authority shall bo exercised by any
Department officer of the Government looking to
the location or settlement of any ot the Indians
herein referred to upon any lands except those in-
eluded in the reservation herein described. And
the Secretary shall immediately issue orders to all
superintendents and agents in charge to give inform-
ation to the tribes under their control of the passage
of this act, and that they encourage said Indians to
accopt the purposes of tho Government as horein
indicated. The Secretary, by authority of tbeProsi-
dent, may also eauso treaty stipulations or agree-
ments to bo entered into with tho tribes referred to,
providing for their removal and scttleruont upon the
reservation herein defined, which said agreements
or treaties shall not bo binding until ratified by tho
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I should like to hear
something about it before it is acted upon. It
seems to me that is setting apart a very large
amount of country.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is the Cherokee
eountfy now.
Mr. STEWART. All of it?
Mr. HENDERSON. Every bit of it—the
country of the Cherokees, Choctaws, and
Chickasaws. It is the Indian territory.
Mr. STEWART. I supposeitcontemplates
making more Indian treaties. I am opposed
to the whole treaty business, and I believe we
should as soon as possible commence legislat-
ing for the Indians. I think it is a disgrace to
the country to carry on this business of treat-
ing with the Indians and removing them from
time to time, giving them a large tract of land,
and then when civilization gets near them, and
they commence to become civilized to some
extent, a few of tho leading Indians are bribed
by the agents or speculators who desire to get
the lands, and they arc removed from them at
enormous expense, the lands bought, and we
continue treating with them. It seems to me
the sooner we commence the system of legis-
lation and protect them in their rights by legis-
lation the bettor. I do not believe in these
treaties. Many of them are made where there
are no tribes, made with irresponsible Indians,
and it is a very expensive business.
In my State we have a large number of
Indians ; but we have no Indian treaties, and
I think we get along with the Indians better
than in any other part of the United States.
In this bill there is $20,000 appropriated for
the Indians in Nevada. There are as many
Indians in Nevada as there are in Arizona,
and I think as many as there are in California,
Mr. COLE. Oh, no.
Mr. STEWART. Perhaps not; but we
have many more than there are in Idaho.
Mr. HENDERSON. How many have yon?
Mr. STEWART. Nobody knows howmany
there are ; and I suppose nobody knows defi-
nitely how many there are in any State or
Territory. You can only make an estimate.
Tho wild Indians have not been enumerated
anywhere. But it is claimed there are from
four to ten thousand Indians there. J cannottell
howmany; nobody knows. These estimates are
all very vague, particularly with regard to the
wild Indians. We get along witli $20,000 a
year for tire Indians in Nevada ; but when you
pass laws and make treaties, and set apart
reservations, you have a large amount of nego-
tiation with irresponsible persons, and much
more irresponsible agents.
The great evil of the treaty system is this :
we have no means of investigating it. The
Committee on Indian Affairs must adopt the
reports from the Department, and the Depart-
ment are informed by Indian agents and specu-
lators who surround the Department. Go there
on any occasion and you will see hundreds of
them there with their little schemes. It is easy
enough for them to make representations and
get up their evidence, and there is no means of
testing it. If the treaties were discussed in
open Senate and in the House, and passed
through the committees as other matters are,
we should get information. But a treaty comes
in in the hot days, and the doors are closed—for
what puipose i do not know—and nobody will
stay here to hear it, and nobody knows any-
thing about it, and thus enormous abuses have
grown up. Committees are imposed upon ;
the Senate is imposed upon ; the Department
is imposed upon : and very little good is done
to the country by means of these Indian trea-
ties. This amendment contemplates future
Indian treaties.
It seems to me that this whole Indian busi-
ness could be transacted for one tenth of the
money that is now appropriated. I think a
simple plan might be adopted. I would sug-
gest to have no army there and no Indian
agents in the country. I would select the very
best army officers that the country has; I
would have their headquarters in the Indian
country, in their towns; and when yon wanted
an Indian war you could get volunteers over
night and have the war disposed of in a couple
of days, and that would be the_ end of it.
Keeping an army away in the interior to watch
the Indians, and spending millions upon mil-
lions for transportation and food, is a useless
expense, because they cannot do the work^as
well as those who are on the ground. The
volunteers are the men to dispose of an Indian
war under the direction of military men. These
military men should also enforce the laws
against the whites, make regulations, and have
them understood.
As to feeding the Indians, I am opposed to
it except upon the same principle that I would
feed other poor people. I would make them
no promises. If they have a short crop or any-
thing happens to their means of living, if the
game is scarce, or there is a hard winter, I
would deal out rations to them and feed them;
but I would make no previous contracts. The
whole system at present, it seems to me, is
complicated and a drain upon the Treasury;
and if this amendment contemplates an un-
limited continuance of it I am opposed to it,
and if it is to be pressed to night I have con-
siderable to say on the subject.
Mr. HARLAN. With the Senator's leave,
I will venture to suggest to the honorable chair-
man that perhaps it would be belter not to
press this amendment on this hill. It may be
that a large majority of the Senate would ap-
prove it, but I should prefer to examine it as
a separate measure. The treaties with the
Cherokees I remember, and I think with the
Choctaws and Chickasaws, negotiated in 180G,
provide for the settlement of other Indians in
their Territory.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. But they were very care-
ful to stipulate that they should be civilized and
friendly Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON. All that settled east
of a certain line of longitude; but all that
settled west of that line were not required to
be civilized.
_ Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is probably
right in that. I would make one other sugges-
tion. Thisamendmentprovides that the agents
shall notify the Indians of the various tribes
west and south of the desire of the Govern-
ment that they should move. The moment
you begin to talk to an Indian tribe about
moving it unsettles their minds and they quit
work, as the Senator from Kansas can bear
witness that all the tribes in Kansas with whom
we have been negotiating treaties have quit
work and are idle and destitute on account of
not having put in any crops this year : and I
think that result would follow such a notifica-
tion to all the tribes referred to in this amend-
ment. I am rather inclined to think it would
be better to gather them into this Territory in
detail, to make the arrangement with the sev-
eral tribes tribe by tribe.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is just what this
amendment does.
Mr. HARLAN. It may be that I would
approve every portion of the proposed amend-
ment, but, personally, 1 should prefer to ex-
amine it as a separate measure rather than to
have it passed hastily as an amendment in an
appropriation bill. I only make the suggestion.
It may be that other Senators are willing t6
act upon it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not intend at this
boar ot the night to waste the time of the Sen*
ate, because I doubt whether we have a quorum
present. I regret very much that any opposi-
