1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
an equal footing with theemploy6sof Congress,
provided it bo the sense of Congress that this
twenty per cent, shall be continued. I am not
averse to the continuance of it, and I think one
half of the committee are not averse to it. It
ia only a question of economy with this House
and with Congress and with the nation. The
question is, can we afford to do it? I shall be
very glad to do it; and I think, as at present
impressed, I shall vote in favor of the propo-
sition.
Now, sir, I want the committee to understand
this matter. This twenty per cent, was paid
the first year to the employes of Congress ; it
is being paid the second year. By this bill we
are reachi ng i nto the third fiscal year. We pro-
pose now to take the judgment of this House
upon the question, shall it be continued during
the fiscal year commencing on the 30th of June
next? If the House should say "No," then
we shall be obliged to insert in this bill a pro-
viso repealing the provision now in force. If
the House should say that this increase shall
be continued then we must, as the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridoe] proposes,
increase the amount of the appropriations
reported in the bill.
I only give notice to members of the House
that they are now about to decide a test ques-
tion. If they decide to continue this twenty
per cent, during the next fiscal year to the em-
ployes of Congress it will be but fair and just
to give twenty per cent, to all the employes in
the Executive Departments, who work quite as
much time, to say the least, as the employ6s
of Congress. For myself, I am in favor of
granting it to the whole. I will vote for giving
it to the emplov6s of this House, and I will
vote for giving it to the employes of the Exec-
utive Departments. Now my position is known.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not get
up to "skyrocket" this question, but to deal
with it in a plain, practical, business way. The
question is a test question. If this House means
to give to all the employes of the Government
at Washington, including all laborers, twenty
per cent, addition to their pay, be it so. But
let us not give it to employes in this Capitol
unless we are willing to give it to those out-
side. Now, sir, I am opposed to giving the '
twenty per cent, additional, and for this reason
mainly: to pay this will take $1,200,000 out
of the pockets of the taxpayers.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like, with the gen-
tleman's permission, to say that this bill, in
appropriating this twenty per cent, to the
employ6sof Congress, will not take $1,200,000
out of the Treasury.
Mr. BUTLER. I have not said that it will;
but I have said that this is a test question,
because we cannot with any show of reason
give this twenty per cent, to our employes and
deny it to the employes in the Departments.
If you give it to all the employ6s in Washing-
ton you give $1/200,000 out of the money of
the people. Now, sir, wo have just passed a
law that the employes of the Government shall
labor for only eight hours a day.
Several Members wished to ask questions.
Mr. BUTLER. I have but five minutes. If
you will give me time every man may ask me
questions, and I will be happy to answer. I
cannot yield now.
Mr. Chairman, we have already passed a law
taking off twenty per cent, from the time of
labor. I find in this very bill three laborers
provided for at $840 a year each, and I know
that in the other Departments of the Govern-
ment in Washington laborers get $720 each,
and they labor only eight hours a day. On
page 280 of the Estimates I find that in Wash-
ington a laborer in the hospital department
of the Navy gets $720. I find in the same
hospital department of the Navy laborers in
New York and Boston get only $240 each. I
find that those in Annapolis get $150; and
here is one in Washington, District of Colum-
bia, $144. I ask where is the justice in this
giving tliree times more to Washington labor-
ers ? If gentlemen will vote to give laborers
this increased price all over the country I may
be willing to go with them. The truth is we
are influenced here by the appeals of the sis-
ters, wives, and sweethearts ot employes, who
take us by the button and impress us with the
necessity of adding to these emoluments, so
that we forget tjie ill-paid, overtaxed laborer
elsewhere.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Spaldixg's amendment to the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last, word.
Mr. Chairman, it might have been inferred
from what has transpired during the present
Congress that there was an earnest effort to
economize the expenditures of the Government
after these years of unexampled extravagance,
but I fear that the hopes of such reform will
prove delusive. We have abundant promises
of reform from gentlemen who control the
action of the House. I was pleased with the
remark made by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaixe] yesterday in reference to one
appropriation bill, tending to show that at the
rate by which our expenses were intended to
be reduced by the pending appropriation bills
this Congress would bring the expenditures
back to what they were when the Republican
party came into power, but I see no hope of
such reform in the bill now before the House.
I wish to call the attention of gentlemen to the
expenditure provided for in the pending para-
graph of this bill and the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont for the employes of
the Senate, compared with the expenditures
for the same purpose during the year before
-the Republican party came into power, for it
is to the expenditures under Buchanan's Admin-
istration to which the gentleman from Maine
has referred. The paragraph under consider-
ation, as it now stands, appropriates $84,744,
which is $9,330 more than was appropriated
in the last session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress
in 1861—an increase of §9,830 in a compar-
atively small matter of expenditure. The party
now controlling the destinies of this country
came into power more on the charges of the
extravagance on thepart of Mr. Buchanan's Ad-
ministration than on any other specific charge,
and now, even in a moment of economy, one
seeks to approximate to the expenditures of
that Administration. The appropriation then
was $75,414 as against $84,744 now proposed
to be appropriated, under the pressure of severe
economy, for exactly the same purpose. If you
add the twenty per cent., as proposed by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge,]
and which it seems to be reasonably certain you
will do, you make an increase of the expend-
iture for this specified purpose, the employes
of the Senate, of $27,278 more than the appro-
priation for the last session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress—nearly forty per cent, of increase—
and this increase is proposed to be made upon
those expenditures at the very moment when
gentlemen are talking about coming down to a
system of the severest economy.
Mr. MYERS. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana what the difference is in
the price of provisions and clothing between
that time and this?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man that the laboring classes of our people,
upon whom rests the whole burden of support-
ing the Government, are not receiving higher
compensation, dollar for dollar, than they re- !
ceived at the time the appropriation was made
to which I refer.
[Here the hafamer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, and will state this to the House : it
is claimed by the committee that it was then-
intention in the proviso at the end of the bill
to make it apply to all employes. If it does
not go to that extent when we come to that we
will amend it so that there shall be no question
on the subject.
Mr. PAINE. I shall oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
the gentleman has a right to do that. He need
not interrupt me, however, in my five minutes
without my consent.
Now, I understand this feeling very well. I
am in my normal condition to-aay, and I find
myself assailed on all sides of the House be-
cause I have seen fit, in the discharge of a duty
which I owe to my constituents and to the
country, to report this bill by the unanimous
consent of the committee. I am assailed by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wood-
bridge,] by my colleague, [Mr. Logan,] by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and by
gentlemen all around me, and why? Because
we propose to put our own employes here on
an equality with all the others. *
My colleague talks about the course pursued
in relation to soldiers at West Point and what
we are doing here to-day. What did we do
yesterday? So far as the soldiers were con-
cerned I insisted that they should be paid in
accordance with existing law, and as there was
no provision in the bill repealing the law I did
not*undertake to strike it out in regard to the
soldiers at West Point. I did not undertake to
strike at those gallant young men, all of whom
have seen service in the field. And, sir, how
does ray colleague appear here ? What does
he propose to do for the soldiers ? Has he pro-
posed any provision for raising the salaries of
soldiers in the field, who have shared with him
the dangers and perils of the battle-field? Not
at all; but he proposes to add to the already
existing salary in the very first item of $3,600
to the Secretary of the Senate, a gentleman
whom I highly respect and a personal friend,
how irfuch? Seven hundred and twenty dollars
in addition to the salaries which we fix here at
$3,000. And so throughout.
ot-, nothing is done lor the soldier. But, as
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] has said, we are button-holed, influenced,
and persuaded. I wish I could say that it is
iny duty to be thus influenced, because there
is no man here who appreciates more highly
the services of our clerks, messengers, and
employes than I do. There is no man here
%vho has known them longer; there is no man
here that can testify more truthfully to their
fidelity, their affability, and their uniform court-
csy to us as members. But, sir, I have a
duty to perform. I am not voting away my
own money. That I can give away; that is
my business. But I have no right to vote
away money at the cost of others without a
good and sufficient reason to justify mo.
These are some of the considerations which
have influenced me. Gentlemen seem to think
I am responsible, that I have some particular
interest m this matter. What is my responsi-
bility or my interest more than that of every
other gentleman? What is it more than be-
longs to every man—to guard vigilantly the
Treasury of the country, and see that there
are no extravagant or improper expenditures
made?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I renew the amendment. I
must certainly confess that I am very much
astonished at my colleague's remarks in refer-
ence to an assault by me upon him. I have
made no assault upon him. I was speaking
about the question of the equality of these men
with others whose cases we have been acting
upon. But my colleague seems inspired with
a determination to court something of this kind
from me. He says that he did not strike at
the gallant soldiers as others did, meaning me,
as I understand. Now, sir, I say to the_ gen-
tleman that I court no disputation with him on
that or any other point; but when he under-
takes to shield himself behind any insinuation
such as that made to me, that I struck at the
soldiers either at West Point or anywhere
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no.
I did not say so.
Mr. LOGAN. Well, sir, you did say it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
