1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80&7
gress restore the disorganized States and bring
them back to equal representation in the Con-
gress of a common country. * Let it go out all
over the world that our feuds are ended, that
we are again one united people, having at last
but one country, one Constitution, aud one
destiny; and the whole earth will clap its hands
with joy that the .Republic, the last, refuge of
afflicted humanity upon earth, still lives, and
by the blood of its patriot martyrs is redeemed,
regenerated, and immortal among the nations.
- The SPEAKISK. The first question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] to amend the Senate amend-
ments by striking out u Florida" wherever it
occurs.
Mr. BROOKS. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 99, not voting
45 j as follows:
"SEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnes. Beck,
Boyer, Bromwell. Brooks, Burr, Cobb. Rldridge,
JKliot, Famswortn, Getz, Glossbrenner, Golladay,
Grover, Hardin IIoluisiu. Hopkins, Ilotchkiss,
Julian, Knott, Marshall. Maynard. McCortnick, Mc-
Cullough. Morrissey, Niblack, Nicholson, Paine,
Pnelps, Pike, Price, Randall, Rohinson, Sawyer,
Stewart, Stone, Tabcr, Tuffe, Lawrence S. Trimble,
Van Auken, Van Trump, EiihuB. Washburne, and
Woodward—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. A«hlcy, B.iiley, B.ikcr, Baldwin, Bunks,
Beaman, Bcatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine*, Blair, Broomali, Buekland, Butler, (Jako,
Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Claikc, Ooburn,
Cook, Cornell, Covodo. Culloui. Dawes. Delano,
Dixon, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggp, Eckley, Eggloston,
121a. Fcrriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Gravely, Gris*
wold, flalsey, Il.uvkins, Iligby, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, In^ersoll. Judd, Kelsey. Ketcham. Kitchen,
Koontz. Laflm, Lincoln, Lo n, Logan, Loughririgo,
Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, MeClur*, Mercar, Miller,
Moore. Mofrell, Mullins, Myer^, Newcomb, O'Neill,
Pile, Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, llauin. Robertson,
Sshenuk, Scoiield, Selye, SliellabarKcr, Spalding,
Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stokes, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Trowbridge, Twichell. Up-
son, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Henry D. Wash burn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
William Williams. John T. Wilson, and Windom—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Barnuin. Boutwell, Caiy, Chanler, Finney, Fox.
Haiffhf, Hill, Hooper, Asnhel W. Hubbard, Kichard
D. Hubbard. Humphrey, Hunter, Jcnckes, Johnson,
Jones, Kellev, Kerr, George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, McCarthy, Moorhend, Mungien, Nunn,
Orth, Perham. Peters. Poland. Pruyn.Ross. Shanks,
Sitgre.ivcs, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, Burt Van
Ilorn, Van Wyek, Cadwa lader C- Washburn, Thomas
Williams. James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Wood, and Woodbrid#e—45.
So the amendment of Mr. Farxswouth was
not agreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. JOHNSON said: T desire to announce
that on this question 1 am paired wilh the gen-
tleman from Ohio, Mr. Lawrence.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on concurring in the amendmentsof the Senate.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be laid on the table ; and
on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 28, nays 110, not voting
51; as follows :
* YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Beck, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Eldridge, Getz, Globsbreniifr, Golla-
day. Grover, Holmnn, Hotehkiss, Knott, Marshall,
McCortnick, McCulJough, Morrissey, Niblack, Nich-
olson, Phelps, Robinson, Stone, Taber, Lawrence S.
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, and Wood-
ward—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baldwin, Banks. Barnes,
Beaman, Beatty, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham,
Blaine, Blair, Bromwell, Broomali, Buekland, But-
ler, Cake, Cfiurchill, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Co-
burn, Cook,Cornell, Covode, Cullom, Dawes, Delano,
Dixon. Dodge, Donnelly, Dritrgs, Eckley. Ejsrsleston,
Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Gar-
field, Gravely, Halsey, Harding. Hawkins, Higby,
Hopkins, Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Julian, Kelsey. Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin,
Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory,
Marvin, Maynard, McClurg, Meieur, Miller, Moore,
Morroll. Mullins, Myers, Newcomb, O'Neill, Paine,
Pike, Pile, Plants, Polsley, Price. Raum, Robertson,
Sawyer, Sehenck, Scoiield,Selye, Shellab *rsrer, Spald-
ing, Starkweather. Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Ste-
vens. Stokes, Taffo, Tavlor, Thomas. John Trimble,
Trowbridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry
P. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Welker, Wil-
liam Williams, John T. Wilson, and Windom—110,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Baker, Barnum, Bontwoll, Cavy, Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Finney, Fox. Griswold. Haight, Hill. Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Hunter, Jcnekes, Johnson, Jones, Judd, Kel-
le*. Kerr, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrencc,
McCarthy, Moorh«ad, Mungen, !Nunn, Orth, Per-
ham, Peter-*, Poland, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Randall, Ross,
Shanks, Sitgreaves. Smith, Stewart, Burt Van Hern,
Van Wyck, CadwnladcrC. Washbura. Thomas Wil-
liams. James F. Wilson, {Stephen F. Wilson, Wood,
and Woodbridge—51.
, So the amendments of the Senate were not
laid upon the table.
During the vote,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, stated that
Mr. HunteRj who would vote in the negative,
was paired with Mr. Haight, who would vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. N1BLACK stated that Mr. Kerr, who
was absent by leave of the House, would vote
against the bill in all its forms.
The reading of the bill, by unanimous con-
sent, was dispensed with.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question recurred on concurrence in the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. BOYER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 28, not vot-
ing 50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Beatty,
B-'njamin, Benton, Bingham, Blaino, Blair, Brom-
well, Broomali, Auckland, Butler.Churchill,Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb. Coburn, Cook, Cor-
nell, Covode, Oullom, D.nvis, Delano, Dixon, Dodge,
Donnelly. Di nujs.Eekley, Eujrleston, Ela, Eliot, Fcr-
riss, Ferry, Field!*, Garlicld. Giavely, Griswold, Hal-
sey, Harding, Hawkins, Higby, Hopkins Chester D.
Hubbard, lliiibutd, Ingersoll, Judd, Julian, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Latim, Lincoln, Loan,
Logan. Loughridge, Lynch, Mallory, Marvin, May-
nard, McClurg, Mercur, M ill or, Moore, Morrell, Mul-
lins, Myers, Newcomb. O'jNoill. Paine. Peters, Pike,
Pile, Plants, Pol l**y, Pomeroy, Price, Raum, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Si-henek. Scoiield, Selye, Sliellabar-
ger, Spalding.Starkweather, A;iron F. Stevens, Stew-
art., Stokes, Talk, Taylor, Thomas, John Trimble,
'Trowbridge, Twichell, Up^on, Van Aernam. Robert
T. Van Horn. Ward, Elihu B. Washhuine, IJVnry D.
Washburn. Willwun B. Washburn, Welker, William
Williams, John T.Wilson, and Windom—111.
NAYS —Messrs. Archer, Axteil, Barnes, Boyer,
Brooks, Burr, Eldrtdge, G-etz, Glossbrenner, Goliadav,
Grover, Hohnan, liotehkiss, Marshall, Meformick,
MeOulIouch, MorrisjseytNf black, Nichokon, Phelps,
Randall, Robinhon,Stone, Tabor, LawicnceS.'J liiu-
ble. Van Auken. Van Trump, and Woodwaid—28.
NOT V0T1 N(5—Mewrs. Adams, Anderson, Arnell,
Baker, Baldwin,Barnum. Beck,Boutwell,Cake,Cary,
Chanler, Farti^wortl), Finney. Fox, Haight, Hill,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbaid, Richard D. llubbard,
Humphrey. Hunter, Jenekes, Johnson. Jones, Kel-
ley, Krrt, Knott, George V. Lawrencc,William Law-
rence, McCarthy, Moorboad, Mungen, Nunn, Otfli,
Perham, Poland, Pruyn, Ross, Shanks, Sitgreaves,
Smith, ThaddeusStevens, Burt Van Hi/rn.VanWyck,
Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Thomas Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—50.
So the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
During the vote,
Mr. NIBJjACK stated that on this vote Mr.
Kerr was paired with Mr. Outii.
Mr. TKJMBLB, of Kentucky, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Joxes, was paired with Mr.
Van Horn, of New York.
The vote was ihen announced as above
recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsidcr be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
government contractors.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, by
unanimous consent, moved that Senate bill
No. 307, for the relief of certain Government
contractors, be taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
The bill was taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
oil the iable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEY OF INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. BUTLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to report back
Senate bill No. 170, to provide for deficiency
of gxpenses incurred in the survey of Indian
reservations, with the recommendation that
it do not pass.
Mr. BUTLER. I yield' to the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I know how
hard it is to resist any report that may be made
by any committee of this House, especially the
Committee on Appropriations. This is a bill
covering certain deficiencies for surveys of
public lands. It happens to be my fortune
to have a constituent who is interested in this
bill, and therefore I feel it my duty to resist
the report of this committee, at least so far as
my constituent is concerned. The bill chiefly
relates to the payment of money to persons
who have surveyed Indian lands. The portion
which I desire to refer to relates to the survey
of the Cherokee lands and Osage trust lauds,
as 1 believe they are called.
The House is familiar with the circumstances
under which these surveys were made. /J'hey
were made under authority of two distinct
treaties made in 1866 between the_ Osage and
the Cherokee Indians and the United States.
I do not know whether it is necessary for me
to refer to those treaties. I will_ only state
that the Secretary of the Interior in one case
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office in the other case were directed to have
the lands surveyed and the proceeds of the
sales paid into the Treasury of the Uniied
States, a portion being first applied to reim-
burse the United States for the necessary ex-
penses of surveying these lands. About the
time of the ratification of the treaty Congress,
in an appropriation bill, appropriated $50,000
to pay in part the expenses of those surveys.
My constituent made these contracts in 1860,
and under that appropriation received on his
contract §15,000. There ia now due to him
about eighteen thousand dollars. I have the
account hero, adjusted by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Now. it has been claimed by some that these
treaties were fraudulent, and by others that
there was no authority of law for them. All
that may be true, yet I claim that when the
Government of the United States authorized
by contract certain work to be done, and an
honest man undertakes to perform that service,
good faith to him requires he should receive
compensation. This work was done in the
fall of 1866 and summer of 1867. It was done
in precise accordance with the law which fixed
a price for this service, only the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Ofliee let the work
at one dollar less per mile, I believe, than the
law authorized.
Now, I do not desire to go into the question
of these treaties made between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the Cherokees
and Osages. I only desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that here is a man
who has performed honest labor under a con-
tract made with the proper officers of the Gov-
ernment, and under and by virtue of a treaty
made and ratified by the Senate of the United
States. I believe it is unjust to him to keep
from him this money which he has honestly
earned._ Thn money necessary to pay for this
scrvice is to-day in the Treasury of the United
States, but by a mere formality the Comp-
troller refuses to pay the amount due, because
he says it is necessary that Congress should
make the appropriation.
So far as the Osage lands are concerned, it
is well known to members of the House that
they were settled up as rapidly as they could
be surveyed. There was an absolute necessity
for these surveys, because immigrants were
going in by the hundred and thousand for the
purpose of occupying the lands, and many of
them are now taken up.
This bill contains appropriations to the
amount of some seventy-nine thousand dollars.
I do not know anything in relation to any other
