1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. LOGAN. Well, you insinuated ity aod
I had just as lief you would say it. At no time
Irave I attempted to strike at the soldier any-
where. What I did say was this : that while
my colleague insisted yesterday that the offi-
cers at West Point should have an extra allow-
ance because the law gave it to them, I have
only insisted that the same rule should be ap-
plied to our employes in'the House—that they
should have this allowance because the law
gives it to them. But my colleague places
himself in opposition to this and in favor of
the other, while the law allows it in both cases.
A strange position!
Now, as to striking at soldiers, let me say
to mylcolleague that I am as good a friend of
the soldier as he dare be, and perhaps a little
more discreet one than he is; and I say to him
now thatwhat I said a little while ago is true—
when you appropriate money to pay the extra
allowances of lieutenants at West Point that
three fourths of the men about this House and
the Senate to-day are as gallant men as they
ever were, and have served their countiiy as
faithfully as they ever did. So far from strik-
ing at the soldier, I am striking at nobody;
but I ask that the law shall be faithfully car-
ried out in this appropriation bill as well as in
every other bill. These maimed and one-legged
and one-armed and no-armed men around this
Capitol are just as much entitled to have the
full measure of the law meted out to them as
is any man in this land, whether he wears a
cocked hat or has epaulettes on his shoulders
and stars made of diamonds or what else they
may be.
This bill does not affect the clerks*in the
Departments. It has no effect upon them what-
ever. It affects only these employes at the
Capitol. And I say to the gentlemen oifthis
Committee on Appropriations that when you
refuse to your doorkeepers and your clerks and
your reporters the amount which under the law
they are entitled to and at the same time keep
your own salaries unreduced you are doing
such an act of injustice as no man can justify
himself in before the country. I say—and I
appeal to every soldier in this land—that when
you strike down these men and refuse to deal
justly by them and giVe them the same measure
of justice under the law which you give to
others, you are doingan injustice that will come
back to mock you to your own faces, and you
will find it so.
Sir, I do not desire any sympathy on account
of soldiers any more than anybody else. I desire
that the poor cripple, and the man that is not
crippled, be he either soldier or laborer, shall
have the same justice done him here that is
done to other men because they happen to
" belong to the aristocracy of this country, and
to a class of men who claim that they should
be bowed down to and worshipped by the poor
men who pay the taxes to support them. I
say let us give to these poor men the pay that
the law allows them.
Hero the hammer fell.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have as
much consideration for the soldier as the elo-
quent gentleman who has just taken his seat,
but I have also some consideration for the sol-
diers' orphans and the soldiers' widows, I have
some consideration for the few soldiers in the
employ of this House, and I have more for the
thousands of them unemployed by reason of
excessive taxation in every congressional dis-
trict iu the country.
For what period of time are wc asked to
legislate? Not for to-day or to-morrow, but
from the SOth of June, 1868, to the 30th of
June, 1809, with the price of everything tending
downward, with our country being restocked
with cattle, and broad fields planted to give us
the hope that food will come down as well as
fabrics. When this twenty per cent, was addon,
gold was at more than 200, and all prices were
increased by the demand of the Government for
Army goods. Now, the supply of labor is in
excess and wages are falling. Gentlemen can-
not read a newspaper without finding that
wages arc being cat down ten par cent., twenty
per cent., twenty-five per cent., and that work-
ing men, women, and children are idle. -The
cause for this twenty per cent, increase having
disappeared, I am unwilling longer to tax the
tea, the sugar, the coffee of the soldiers' wid-
ows and orphans to pension a„few around these
two Houses. Sir, we can with no grace con-
tinue this twenty per cent, to the employes of
the House and refuse it to those of the various
Departments; and in voting this twenty per
cent, every gentleman should know that he is
imposing an additjpnal tax of $1,250,000 upon
the people of the country, the unemployed sol-
diers, and the widows and orphans of soldiers.
That dodge will not do for this argument.
Nor is it fair to say that members of Congress
increased their own pay, and thereby added to
the expenditures of the country. There were
members here who voted away more from them-
selves in the way of mileage than they received
by the increase of their compensation. Just
make the calculation of the amount required to
pay the mileage under the old rule, and the
mileage under the new rule, and also take into
account all the other curtailments which have
been made; and you will find that the measure
which is demagogically flung in the faces of
those who have the courage to oppose this
legislation as selfish and extravagant, is a meas-
ure for equalizing the pay of members. Why
should I work for $3,112 a year while Dele-
gates from the Territories get from ten thousand
dollars to twelve thousand dollars a year? We
merely cut down their ten thousand dollars and
twelve thousand dollars a year, and add it to
the pay of the useful members on the floor.
[Great laughter.] I should have said, the
voting members on this floor; thus equalizing
their pay.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise for the purpose of
closing debate on this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa, reported thiitthe Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, ac-
cording to order, had the special order under
consideration, being House bill No. 605, mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending the SOth of June, 18G9,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
income-tax pavers, etc.
The SPEAKER., by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of the 30th ultimo, relative to the
number of persons paying income tax in each
State, the number of manufactures paying tax,
&c.; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
southern uaileoads.
Mr. McCLUKG, by Hnailtmous consent,
from the select Committee on Southern Kail-
roads, submitted a report from the majority
of the committee; which was ordered to be
printed and recommitted.
Mr. CHANLER, from the same committee,
obtained leave to make a minority report.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion tgj. reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that when the House shall again resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the legisla-
tive appropriation bill all debate on the pend-
ing paragraph terminate in two minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House again resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the bill (H. B. No. 605) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the SOth of June, 1869.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilsos, of Iowa, in the Chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. K. No. 605)
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the oOth of June,
18(i9- , * u
The pending paragraph was as follows:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary m trie
service of the Senate, namely: Secretary of the ben-
ate, S3,GOO; officer charged with disbursements m the
Senate, *480; chief clerk, $2,500: Principal clerk and
principal executive clerk in the omce 01 the &ee>-
retaryofthe Senate, at 82.100,each; eight c^rte in
office of the Secretary of the Senate, at 81,850 each.
keeper of the stationery, $1,752; two messengers, at
$1,080 each; one page, at $500; Sergeant-at-ArmsarKi
Doorkeeper. $2,000; assistant doorkeeper, $1,<O0;
Postmaster to the Senate, $1,750; assistant Postmas-
ter and mail carrier, $1,440; two mail boys, at $l,uw
eaeli; superintendent of the document mom, $l,OW;
two assistants in document room, at Sl,200 each;
superintendent of the folding-room, $1,500; three
messengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers, at §l,ow
each; seventeen messengers, at $1,200 each; clerk or
secretary to the Presidentof the Senate, $l,/52; clerk
to the Committee on Finance, $1,850; clerk to the
Committee on Claims, $1,850; clerk of printing rec-
ords, $1,850; clerk to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, $1,850; superintendent in charge of the fur-
naces, 61,200; assistant in charge of ^ furnaces, $864 j
three laborers, (one in charge of private passages,)
at $864; chaplain to the Senate, $750; one special
policeman, $S04, making $84,744.
The pending amendment was by Mr. Wood-
bridge, to siiike oat the paragraph and insert
in lieu thereof the following :
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of tho Senate, namely: Secretary of the Sen-
ate, $4,320; officer charged with disbursements of tho
Senate. &576; chief clerk, $3,000; principal clerk and
principal executive clerk in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Senate, at $2,592 each; eight clerks m
office of tho Secretary of the Senate, at $2,220 each;
keeper of the stationery, §2,102 40; two messengers,
at SI,296 cach; one page, at $720; Sergeant-at-arms
andDoorkeeper, $2,400; Assistant Doorkeeper, $2,400;
Postmaster to the Senate, $2,400; Assistant Postmas-
ter and mail-carrier, 81,728; two mail boys, at$l,200
each; superintendent of the document room. $1,800;
two assistants in document room, at $1,440 cach;
superintendent of the folding room, $1,800; three
messengers, acting as assistant doorkeepers, at $1,800
cach; seventeen messengers, at $1,440 each: clerk or
secretary to the President of the Senate, $2,102 40;
clerk to the Committee on Finance, $2,220; clerk to
the Committee on Claims, $2,220: clerk to the Com-
mittee on Printing Records, $2,220; superintendent
in charge of the furnaces. $1,440; assistant in charge
of furnaces, $864: laborer in charge of private pas-
sages, $864; two laborers, at $864 each; chaplain to
tho Senate; $900; one special policeman, $804; mak-
ing $98,704 SO.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 82, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For contingent expenses of the Senate, namely :
For stationery, $25,000.
For newspapers, $5,000.
Mr. BAKER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words, "for newspapers, $5,000.JJ
1 will briefly give my reason for this amend-
ment. I am clear in my judgment that this
newspaper matter is an abuse which ought to
be discontinued. Here is an appropriation
of $5,000 for newspapers for the Senate* And
further along in the bffl 1 find an appropria-
tion of $12,500 for newspapers for the House;
in all, $17,500 for newspapers. In my judg-
ment this is nothing more nor less than a
method of increasing the compensation of
members.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWOHTH. I desire to call the
attention of the committee to a preceding par-
agraph : "For stationery, $25,000.*'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee have passed that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I notice that there
is further on an appropriation of $30,000 for
stationery for members of the House. I de-
sire to inquire of my colleague, [Mr. Wash-
