4122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Office: Provided, That any improvements of theUni-
ted States on said reservation shall be appraised by
the register and receiver of the laud office of the dis-
trict, and be paid for by the purchaser of the land on
which they are located.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to inquire
what reservation this is?
Mr. COLE. It is the reservation in Men-
docino county that has been abandoned for
some years—two or three years at least. It
extends up and down the country arid back
from the sea-shore about three miles, and con-
tains altogether, according to the terms of the
reservation, twenty-five thousand acres. It is
not used as a reservation, and it ought to be
restored to the public lands for the benefit of
quite a number of persons in possession of
different portions of it. They are very much
annoyed and distressed that they are not able
to obtain patents to their property that they
have in possession. The value of the im-
provements that the United States have put
there for Indian purposes is not great. There
are some dilapidated houses, sheds,and soon,
of little value.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I have an impression that this reservation
was provided to be disposed of by some former
law; that the land itself was to be appraised.
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. If my colleague will let
me answer that, the Senator from Iowa refers
to the Nomee Lacke reservation, which was
provided to be disposed of specially, and the
land of which was valuable ; but this is com-
paratively worthless land.
Mr. HARLAN. This is a different reserva-
tion ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir. My colleague and
myself agree as to the propriety of the amend-
ment, and I think there can be no objection
to it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator if the Indians have been removed
from the reservation?
Mr. COLE. There are no Indians there.
They have been removed to Round Valley,
across a range of mountains or two.
Mr. CONNESS. The amendment is recom-
mended by the Commissioner.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to an
amendment on page 30, line seven hundred
and twenty-four. I see that the Miamies in
Kansas have an appropriation from year to
year for a blacksmith and an assistant black-
smith, according to the provisions of a treaty,
and yet they are living in a settlement of white
inhabitants. There is no blacksmith furnished
them, and yet the treaty provides for it, and
you appropriate the money. Since this bill
has been under consideration there has been
sent in to me a letter on the subject, and I wish
to move an amendment, if it meets the con-
currence of the Senator from Missouri, to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior, on
application of the Miami council be, and he is
hereby authorized to pay out to said Miamies per
capita the above appropriation.
You appropriate $840 for a blacksmith and
assistant, but they do not have any blacksmith.
They are farmers, and they get their black-
smithing done in the neighborhood; and this
amendment is to allow the Secretary of the
Interior to pay them this sum that you appro-
priate per capita instead of furnishing a black-
smith. If that is right, I want it put in. It
has been sent to me. It is a matter that I am
not very well acquainted with. You appro-
priate the money, but do not spend it, and this
is to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
divide it among the Indians who now get their
blacksrnithing done in the neighborhood. Is
it right?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to it if the statement made by the Senator be
vouched tor by himselt; but it seems to be
mere information coming from others. If the
Senator knows the fact that there are white
blacksmiths in the neighborhood, and the In-
dians living among the whites get their work
done there, 1 suppose there is uo objection
to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I tliinkl am right. The
acting commissioner will inform me if I am
not.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to it.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to insert at
the end of line seven hundred and twenty-
four, the provision relating to the Miamies, the
following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior, on
the application of the Miami council be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay out to said Miamies per
capita any of the above funds heretofore appropri-
ated and not used for tho purposes for whion appro-
priated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the bill
by inserting on page 23, after line four hun-
dred and forty-six the following proviso :
Provided, That no moneys hereby appropriated
to tho Creek tribo of Indians shall be to theui paid
until such Crooks as were enrolled by the Creek
agent previous to tho 14th day of March, A. D. 18G7,
and who were refused any share in the moneys then
distributed iyf capita umlor orders from Louis V,
Bogy, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for tho reason
that said persons were of African descent, shall first
be paid f herefrom a per capita dividend equal to that
to which thoy wero entitled in said payment of
March 14,18C7. and equal to that paid to other Creek
citizens at that time.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to have
some explanation of the amendment. I do not
know that I understand it exactly.
Mr. THAYER. By the orders of Mr. Bogy,
the per capita portion of the amounts due the
Creeks was withheld fro in those of African
descent. This amendment places them on tho
same footing as the others.
Mr. CONNESS. On what ground with-
held?
Mr. TITAYER. On the ground that they
were of African descent.
Mr. CONNESS. What had that to do
with it?
Mr. HARLAN. This provision, if the Sen-
ator will allow me, is perfectly right. It is
provided in the treaty distinctly that there shall
be no distinction inadc between full-blood
Creeks and those of African blood. The dele-
gales who negotiated the treaty insisted on it
themselves, and declared they would not sign
any treaty that had not some such provision
in it. In paying tho first installment under the
treaty, it is said—I have not looked into that
personally, but it is said—the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs refused to permit any part of
the payment to be made to those who were of
African descent. The treaty provides that they
shall be put on a perfect footing with the other
Creeks.
Mr.-HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator from
Nebraska whether it appears of record that
that was the reason payment was not made?
Mr. THAYER. The Senator from Iowa can
answer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it a matter of record
that the refusal to pay was on that ground?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 was so informed by the
attorney for the Creek Indians. He stated to
me that they had not been paid.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the ques-
tion. The recital made in a law ought to be
based on something substantial, not upon mere
rumor. It is recited here as a matter of fact that
that was the ground. I want to know if that
was the ground assigned in any report made
by him, or in any official document?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not able to answer
that question.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a communication
from the agent to the Department on the sub-
ject, and a copy of a letter which states that
fact. This letter is written by Mr. Dunn, who
was then the agent, and addressed to the act-
ing Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let it be read. The
objection to this amendment is this, and I will
call the Senator's attention to it 
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is _ the first time I
ever heard of an Indian of African descent.
Mr. HENDERSON. I was just going to
remark that an Indian of African descent is a
somewhat singular individual.
Mr. POMEROY. But they were adopted in
th Mr" HENDERSON. How adopted ?
Mr. POMEROY. They married into the
tribe.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suppose the Indian
agent had enrolled white men and white
women instead of Africans, and the Creeks
had objected to dividing their annuities with
white citizens because they were of Caucasian
descent, and not African descent, then of
course we should not allow it. Perhaps this
agent, Mr. Dunn, may have put in a large
number of negroes there and also whites who
never sprang from the Creeks at all. I do not
know how that is. But the amendment cer-
tainly goes too far. It requires that we shall
now make appropriations to all these people of
African descent enrolled by the agent of the
Indians. I do not know who was enrolled
and who was not enrolled. If the agent has
enrolled people who are not entitled to the
annuities of the Creeks, they ought not to
have them. I would not make any objection
if it included simply those entitled, but the
Senator will see that the wording of this
amendment is much too broad.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow
me, that difficulty might be obviated by saying
" properly enrolled under the provisions," <to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. POMEROY. I send to the desk a letter
on that subject. If the Clerk will read it it
will explain it.
The Chief Clerk. This letter is dated
Washington, June 1, 1868 
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand there is no
objection to the amendment; and so there is
no occasion to read the letter.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is no objection
to the amendment I do not ask to have the
letter read.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the amendment be
modified so as to read " properly enrolled under
the provisions of said treaty."
Mr. POMEROY. Of course they do not
want to pay anybody that is not properly
enrolled.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suggested that it be
modified to read "until such Creeks as may
have been properly enrolled by the Creek
agent." That would still leave the question to
be determined by the Department
The PiiES 1D ENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
Tho Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That no moneys heretofore appropriated
to tho Creek tribo of Indians shall bo to them paid
until such Creeks as mayliavebeeu properly enrolled
by the Creek agent, &e.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That ought to be writ-
ten " paid to them" instead of " to them paid."
That is rather ancient style.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move a reconsideration
of the vote just taken on the amendment in
relation to the case of Heald and Wright. I
am afraid the Senate are doing great injustice
to those parties.^ I have since seen the chair-
man of the Indian Committee of the House,
who has had the matter m charge, and he in-
formed me that I was correct in the statement
I made to tne Senate, that that committee had
thoroughly investigated it and have not re-
ported upon it simply because they have not
been called. I think the Senate will hesitate
to do tliis great injustice to these men in that
state of the case. I move a reconsideration
of the vote on that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can offer the amendment again when the
bill comes into the Senate.
Air. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to ask the Senator
from Missouri if he cannot afford to dispense
with the appropriation of $2,000 for transport-
ation on the twenty-third page, line five hun-
