1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of all the people of England there was one
adherent of Charles I got up and said no; all
the people did not consent to it. So the gen-
tleman has at least a precedent for what he
lias done; and I wish we could follow out the
precedent.
Mr. WOOD. And behead the king.
Mr. BUTLER. It was the great inquiry
who made that objection, and they tried to find
him out for the purpose ot punishing mm.
[Laughter.] But, as he concealed himself,
they could not find him. It afterward turned
out to be a woman, [laughter,] the wife of
General Fairfax, who "ratted" on that occa-
sion from the rest of the Commons of England.
[Laughter.]
Another thing. Ifc is said that the replica-
tion is published in the Baltimore papers. I
pray to take issue as to the fact, iliis repli-
cation was ready, aye, it was corrected in form,
at fifteen minutes past eleven o'clock, lrue,
it is a formal one, copied in part from the great
precedents, so far as they apply, and, there-
fore, any paper can publish something like it.
Mr. V\ O0D. If the gentleman will permit
me, the managers probably altered jt after they
sent it to th* press, and here it is, with the
names of the managers attached to it, in the
Baltimore American of to-day.
Mr. BUTLER. And as the names of the
managers are not attached to this that ends
the question. [Laughter.] When we make
a replication we do not attach our names to it,
but we expect the Speaker of the House and
the Clerk of the House, by order of this body,
to attach their names. •
Mr. WOOD. You altered it.
Mr. BUTLER. We never altered it at all.
This Baltimore paper is one which the man-
agers do not take and do not patronize, either
by furnishing matter or reading it after it is
furnished. , . .
Mr. WOOD. You should not have deceived
the reporter. .,
Mr. BUTLER. Another thing. It is said
we have exceeded our authority in saying to
the Senate that we would file our replication
to-day at one o'clock. I think we sai 1 no such
thing. We said that we, the managers, would
be ready, with the leave of the House, to tile
the replication at one o'clock.
Mr. BINGHAM. And expected to be.
Mr. BUTLER. We expected and hoped to
be ready, and had no doubt we should be. And
if the gentleman will take the same course and
wash his hands of this as he did of the former
proceedings the managers will be ready as
they expected.
As I said, this is a mere formal proceeding
There can be no demurrer, no issues of law,
and all the President's answer can amount to
is the plea that he is not guilty with a mere
stump speech in its belly. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. Thatis not rhetorical. [Laugh
tWMr. BUTLER. It may not be rhetorical,
but it is true. The truth is rarely rhetorical.
It is, however, a parliamentary phrase, first
used, to my knowledge, in the Senate on the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. ^
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman admits that
his statement, also, is not " original."
Mr. BUTLER. I am informed that the
Baltimore American is the paper containing
this alleged report of the managers. J-'inamg
the paper in suspicious company I thought it
was the Baltimore Gazette. If it is not the
' Gazette, I have nothing to say. The Ameri-
can is a very decent paper. I only wonder
that my friend has found it there. ISow,
trust, we shall not hesitate from any suggestion
as to propriety of language or propriety ot
C°MrUCWOOD. I rise to a point of order. It
is now about twelve o'clock, and I would in-
quire whether the recess does not expire at
'"The SPEAKER. It does not; it expired
at eleven o'clock. , ,
Mr. WOOD. My point is whether we do
not commence Tuesday'^ session now l
The SPEAKER. We do not. The House
of Representatives continues its session of
Monday till the final adjournment, even if the
session runs for several calendar days. In the
great parliamentary struggle on the Missouri
compromise the session continued two days
and two nights, and the House of Representa-
tives received on Monday a message sent from
the Senate on Tuesday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. A single further suggestion.
I trust the House will receive no lecture on
propriety of conduct or of language ^ from a
gentleman who stands as yet under its cen-
sure for violation of all parliamentary rules.
Mr. WOOD. The highest compliment m
my life.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eld-
ridge.] „ , ^ „
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
Ho«se adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at eleven o'clock and fifty-nine minutes and
three quarters a. m., Tuesday, March 24,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: ,
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Saxby
Chaplin, of Lexington, South Carolina, for res-
toration of certain real estate, situate on Lady s
Island, in Beaufort district, South Carolina.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of S. W.
Fowler, Byron M. Cutcheon, Chauncey C.
Bailey. J. T. Ramsdell, and 97 others, pray-
ing for the reduction of Government expenses
to a peace basis, that the Navy and Army be
reduced, and the revenue laws so adjusted as
to keep the balance of trade in favor of this
country. . . ...
By Mr. GRAVELY: The petition of citi-
zens of Kansas and Missouri, tor a mail route
from Fort Scott, Kansas, to Carthage, Missouri.
By Mr. GROVER: The petition of Mrs.
Lucy A. Barker, of Louisville, Kentucky.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trade
and 150 importing merchants, manufacturers,
and other business men of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, praying the passage of an act to encour-
age commerce and internal trade by facilitat-
ing direct importations. _
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of E. D.
Babcock and others, of Copenhagen, Lewis
county, New York, in favor of reduced expendi-
tures and taxation. .
By Mr. MUNGEN: a memorial of W. P.
Leiehton and 6 others, distillers, of Kenton,
Hardin county, Ohio, asking for a reduction
of the tax Upon distilled spirits. .
By Mr NICHOLSON : A memorial of the
citizens of Wilmington, Delaware, for the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth ot the
Christiana river. _ .
By Mr. RAUM: The petition of L. L W.
Buder, Hamilton & Reilley, Charles Shelby,
and Bristol & Stilwell, of Cairo, Illinois, for
the allowance of claims.
By Mr. SAWYER: A memorial from the
mayor and council of the city of Green Bay,
in favor of an additional grant of the public
lands to the State of Wisconsin, to aid in Build-
ing the Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigan sliip-
. canal atid harbor.
By Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire : A
resolution of the town of Chichester, New
Hampshire, in favor of the taxation of United
States bonds and the application of such tax
to the purchase of the debt of the United
^ Also, a resolution of the town of Peter-
borough, New Hampshire, in favor of the tax-
ation of United States bonds and the applica-
tion of such tax to the purchase of the debt ot
the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 24, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's legislative proceedings, but be-
fore concluding was interrupted by
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with at
least to receive a message from the House of
Representatives.
No objection being made the further read-'
ing of the Journal was dispensed with.
message from the hodse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 832) mak-
ing appropriations for the service of the Post
Office. Department during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1869.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had directed its Clerk
to return to the Senate, in compliance with its
request, the bill (H. R. No. 658) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1869, and for other pur-
poses, with the amendment of the Senate
thereto.
executive communication.
y
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating correspondence m re-
lation to the propriety of making a present ot
clothing and tobacco to the chief ot the lialo-
shian Indians and Aleutian priests on the
Aleutian Isles, in Alaska ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the constitutional convention
of South Carolina in favor of granting to that
State the proceeds of the sale of certain lands
sold by the Government for taxes due to the
United States for the support of public schools
in that State, and further recommending the
granting of the prayer of the accompanying
petition of F. L. Cardoza and B. L. Nash, that
certain lands not yet sold by the United States
be allotted to destitute and deserving citizens
of South Carolina; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Captain Jonas P. Levy, for payment of money
due him under the treaty between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, of Febru-
ary 2, 1848, and an act for the relief of J onas
P Levy and Jose Maria Jarrero, approved
August 3, 1854; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
reports of committees.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 458) to abolish the office of superintend-
aut of exports and drawback, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred the bill (,S. JNo.
402) making appropriations for the expenses
of the trial of the impeachment of Andrew
Johnson and other contingent expenses of the
Senate, for the year ending June 30,1868, have
had the same under consideration and instructed
me to report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage; but as this is an appro-
priation bill, although it is quite important that
it should be passed at once, I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. ^O- ).
authorize the Secretary of War to.place at the
disposal of the Lincoln; Monument £wo«afao 
damaged and captured ordnance, reported
without amendment.
