4124
THE CONGRESSIONAL
July 16,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 16, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock ru.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CAPTURED COTTON.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, relative to certain cotton
taken possession of by Colonel Jackson at or
near Vicksburg, Mississippi; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
GOVERNMENT VESSELS BOUGHT, SOLD, ETC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with resolution of
the House of January 27, 1868, reports of
the Quartermaster General relative to the num-
ber of vessels bought, sold and chartered by
the United States since April, 18G1; which
was referred to the joint select Committee on
Retrenchment.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLEltS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a correction of the Journal. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Washburn] reported yes-
terday, from the Committee on Slilitary Affairs,
a bill (II. R. No. 1-133) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain," approved May
20, 1802; which was recommitted. By the
Journal it appears that a motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana to reconsider the reference
was " passed over for the present." The fact
was that I made the motion to reconsider and
to lay that motion on the table, which was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] was
made some time afterward, and had reference
to other bills. The motion to reconsider the
reference of the bill (H. R. No. 1483) was
made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Washisitr}t,] and was entered on the Journal
for future consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The
Speaker will recollect that I made the motion
to cover all those cases.
The SPEAKER. But the motion to recon-
sider the reference of this particular bill had
already been entered and passed over for the
present, and could not be reached by the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Hopkins] con-
firms my recollection. He understood that
the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
If he had not so understood he would have
made the motion himself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin may confirm the recollection of the
gentleman from Illinois, but that does not
alter the parliamentary condition of the ques-
tion. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Washburn] made the motion to reconsider
while other business was pending, and, as the
Journal correctly states, the "motion was
passed over for the present." In regard to
the other bills, the gentleman from Illinois
moved to reconsider the votes on reference
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. That could be done, no separate vote
being demanded on each bill. But that did not
affect the motion to reconsider which had al-
ready been entered on the Journal to be called
up at a future time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
call up now that motion to reconsider, and
move to lay it on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, under the
rule, cannot do that. The rule provides that
a motion to reconsider "shall not be with-
drawn after the said succeeding day without
the consent of the House, and thereafter" (that
is, after the succeeding day,) "any member
may call it up for consideration." After to-day
the motion 'to reconsider can be called up by
any member.
WILLIAM M. SIMTSON.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1434) granting a pension to William M. Simp-
son ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the votfe by which the' bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lilUG HIGHLAND MARY.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee oil Commerce a
joint resolution (II. li. No. 113) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the British-built brig
Highland Mary.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the British bark Highland Mary,
owned by H. & S. French, of Sag Harbor,
New York.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM STKXCK, OF TENNESSEE.
Ou motion of Mr. STOKES, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Claims was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of William Spenee, of Tennessee, for
reference to one of the Departments.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
ELECTION C0NTKST—SWITZLElt VS. ANDERSON.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the resolutions reported by
the Committee of Elections upon the contested-
election case of Switzler vs. Anderson, from
the ninth congressional district of Missouri.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows :
llesolvcd. That George W. Anderson is not ontitled
to a seat iu this House as a ltopres>cnta.tivo in the
Fortieth Congress from the ninth congressional dis-
trict of Missouri.
ItuKolved, That William P. Switzler is entitled to a
seat in this House as.a Itoprcsentatvo in the Fortieth
Congress from the ninth congressional district of
Missouri.
Mr. BENJAMIN resumed and concluded
the remarks which he commenced yesterday.
The entire speech is as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The report of the Committee
of Elections in this case, I regret to say, has
very much surprised the delegation from the
State of Missouri. It is also true the loyal
people of that State were entirely unprepared
for such a result. If I am not very greatly
mistaken many of the members of this House
from other States—members who had made
themselves conversant with the facts in the
case-—listened to the reading of the resolutions
of the committee with perfect astonishment.
With all respect to the members of the Com-
mittee of Elections, I must be permitted to say
that in my judgment they have entirely ignored
and set at naught the spirit, if not the very
letter, of the constitution and laws of the
State of Missouri relating to elections and the
qualifications of voters, and which were de-
signed to protect the purity of the ballot-box
in the hands of loyal men. I will not believe
a majority of this House will ratify their recom-
mendation until they so declare by their votes.
More especially am I disinclined to believe the
House will adopt the resolutions of the com-
mittee, knowing, as I do know, that its effect
will be either to place the affairs of the State
in the hands of the Very men upon whose
skirts is the blood of thousands who perished
there in upholdingyourConstitution and defend-
ing your flag, or again compel the loyal and
law-abiding people to " take care that the laws
are faithfully executed" at the risk of war and
bloodshed. Establish, the doctrine that all who
will swear may vote, and the consequences are
plainly foreseen.
This case, Mr. Speaker, involves much more
than the right of any one particular individual
to a seat, in this House. It matters but little
to the State of Missouri or the country at large
whether the contestant or the sitting member
represents tlie people of the ninth district.
The legislation of Congress can in no respect
be changed by unseating Mr. Anderson, nor
will the large Radical majority in this House
be sensibly affected thereby. If this were an
ordinary contest, and the effect of the decision
merely to confirm a particular individual m his
right to a seat here, it would be compara-
tively insignificant, and beyond the parties to
the record of but small moment. But this is
not its only effect. There is a great principle
in issue, and the decision upon it will be felt
in Missouri from its center to its circumfer-
ence. 1 ask the indulgence of the House
while I examine this contest from the stand-
point occupied by those upon whom your Gov-
ernment relied in the day of its trial to pre-
serve the State to your Union.
I am aware, Mr. Speaker, that a hisiory of
Missouri politics, with a narrative of the various
struggles through which we have passed, would
be uninteresting to many, and perhaps unprofit-
able. Gentlemen whose homes have never
been invaded by the spoiler, and whose ears
have never been stunned with the demon yell
of midnight assassins, are slow in comprehend-
ing the situation in Missouri. The gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] the author of
this report, has never been aroused from his
peaceful slumbers and compelled to flee for life
liy the light of his burning dwelling. His heart
lias never been pierced by the death-shrieks of
those most dear to him, and himself powerless
to succor or protect. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] chairman of the
committee, has "heard a lion in the lobby
roar," but he seems never to have heard of
that pestilence that walked in darkness, spread-
ing contagion far and near, murder its employ-
ment, ruin its sport. Missouri has seen it,
heard it, and realized it. Tennessee has passed
through this "furnace of affliction." Let her
Representatives on this floor tell of the authors
of her ruin and the patience and long-suffering
of their loyal constituents. Listen to the expe-
riences of the Union members who are now
"coining up out of great tribulation" from
States furtherSouth. They will tell you of the
days when loyalty was hunted like the stag-—
when
"Their matrons for shelter had fled
To the mountains and deserts afar,
J?or their luimlots in ruins were laid.
And their tender onos victims of war."
They can tell you of the days when a des-
potism as terrible and oppressive as Moslem
barbarism ever saw reigned throughout the
South. They can tell you of the time when
the cherished emblem of your country's na-
tionality was lowered at the demand of armed
traitors, and darkness had spread its mantle
like a pall over half your territory. They can
tell you of the scenes through which they
passed, when loyalty was crushed beneath the
heel of slavery's tyranny;
" tlj<? hearts of the mighty were bovred,
When the lowly were haggard with csiro.
When the voices of hunger were Joud
As they shrieked the wild notes of despair."
Yes, Mr. Speaker, when they tell you of all
this, the half thereof has not been told Geti-
tlemen from New England, New York, and
1 ennsylvama cannot imagine nor realize the
emotions that take possession of those who
have thus endured^ for loyalty's sake, at the
bare thought of being again subjected to the
grinding despotism of those from whom they
h«n e been emancipated at such fearful cost.
J hat such Will be the result of a sanction of
the majority report by the House is sadly
apparent to the loyal people of the State of
Missouri.
I have said this report and the doctrine it
seeks to establish are iu conflict with the consti-
