18
SUPPLEMENT TO
respondent of any act of official obligation or
duty in his office of President of the United
States; nor does the said article nor the mat-
ters therein contained name, designate, de-
scribe, or define any act or mode or form of
attempt, device, contrivance, or means, or of
attempt at device, contrivance, or means,
whereby this respondent can know or under-
stand what act or mode or form of attempt,
device, contrivance, or means, or of attempt
at device, contrivance, or means, are imputed
to or charged against this respondent, in his
office Of President of the United States, or in-
tended so to be, or whereby this respondent
can more fully or definitely make answer unto
the said article than he hereby does.
And this respondent, in submitting to this
honorable court this his answer to the articles
of impeachment exhibited against him, respect-
fully reserves leave to amend and add to the
same from time to time, as may become neces-
sary or proper, and when and as such neces-
sity and propriety shall appear.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Henry Stanbery,
B. R. Curtis,
Thomas A. R. Nelson,
"wlluam M. Evabts,
W. S. Groesbecs,
Of Counsel.
Exhibit A.
e, March 2, 18G7.
To the Senate of the United States:
I have carefully examined the bill to regu-
late the tenure of certain civil offices. The
material portion of the bill is contained in the
first section, and is of the effect following,
namely:
That every person holding any civil office to which
he has been appointed by and with the advice and
consent of tho Senate, and overy person who shall
hereafter be appointed to any such office, and shall
become duly qualified to act therein, is and shall bo
entitled to hold such office an til asueoessor shall have
been appointed by the President, with the advico and
consent of the Sonate, and duly qualified; and that
the Secretaries of State, of tho Treasury, of War, of
the Navy, and of tho Intorior, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and the Attorney (Jeneral.shallhold thoirofficcs
respectively for and duringtho term of the Presidont
by wliomthey may liavo boon appointed, and for ono
month thereafter, subject to removal by and with the
advice and consent oi the Senate.
These provisions are qualified by a reserva-
tion in the fourth section, "that nothing con-
tained in the bill shall be construed to extend
the term of any office the duration of which is
limited bylaw." In effect the bill provides
that the President shall not remove from their
places any of the civil officers whose terms of
service are not limited by law without the
advice and consent of the Senate of the United
States. The bill, in this respect, conflicts, in
my.judgment, with the Constitution of the
United States. The question, as Congress is
well aware, is by no means a now one. That
the power of removal is constitutionally vested
in the President of the United States is a prin-
ciple which has been not more distinctly de-
clared by judicial authority and judicial com-
mentators than it has been uniformly practiced
upon by the legislative and executive depart-
ments of the Government. The question arose
in the House of Representatives so early as the
16th day of June, 1789, on the bill for estab-
lishing an executive Department, denominated
"The Department of Foreign Affairs." The
first clause of the bill, after recapitulating the
functions of that officer and defining his duties,
had these words: "To be removable from
office by the President of the United States."
It was moved to strike out these words, and
the motion was sustained with great ability and
vigor. It was insisted that the President could
not constitutionally exercise the power of re-
moval exclusive of the Senate; that the Fed-
eralist so interpreted the Constitution when
arguing for its adoption by the several States;
that the Constitution had nowhere given the
President power of removal, either expressly
or by strong implication; but, on the contrary,
had distinctly provided for removals from office
by impeachment only. ■ A construction which
denied the power of removal by the President
was further maintained by arguments drawn
from the danger of the abuse of the power;
from the supposed tendency of an exposure of
public officers to capricious removal, to impair
the efficiency of the civil service; from the
alleged injustice and hardship of displacing
incumbents, dependent upon their official sta-
tions, without sufficient consideration; from a
supposed want of responsibilty on the part of
the President, and from an imagined defect of
guarantees against amcious President, who
might incline to abuse the power.
On the other hand, an exclusive power of
removal by the President was defended as a
true exposition of the text of the Constitution.
It was maintained that there are certain causes
for which persons ought to be removed from
office without being guilty of treason, bribery,
or malfeasance, and that the nature of things
demands that it should be so. "Suppose," it
was said, "a man becomes insane by the visit-
ation of God, and is likely to ruin our affairs :
are the hands of Government to be confined
from warding off the evil ?. Suppose a person
in office not possessing the talents he was judged
to have at the time of the appointment: is the
error not to be corrected ? Suppose he acquire
vicious habits and incurable indolence, or to-
tally neglect the duties of his office, which shall
work mischief to the public welfare: is there no
way to arrest the threatened danger ? Suppose
he become odious and unpopular by reason
of the measures he pursues, and this he may
do without committing any positive offense
against the law: must he preserve his office in
despite of the popular will? Suppose him
grasping for his own aggrandizement and the
elevation of his connections by every means
short of the treason defined by the Constitution,
hurrying your affairs to the precipice of de-
struction, endangering your domestic tranquil-
lity, plundering you of the means of defense,
alienating the affections of your allies, and pro-
moting the spirit of discord: must the tardy,
tedious, desultoryroad, by way of impeachment,
be traveled to overtake the mau who, barely
confining himself within the letter of the law,
is employed in "drawing off the vital principle
of the Government?'' The nature of things, the
great objects of society, the express objects of
the Constitution itself require- that this thing
should be otherwise. To nnite the Senate with
the President "in the exercise of the power,"
it was said, " would involve us" in the most
serious difficulty. "Suppose a discovery of
any of these events should take place when the
Senate is not in session, how is tho remedy to
bo applied ? The evil could be avoided in no
other way than by the Senate sitting always."
In regard to the danger of the power being
abused if exercised by ono mau, it was said
" that the danger is as great with respect to
the Senate, who arc assembled from various
parts of tho continent, with different impres-
sions and opinionsthat such a body is more
likely to misuse the power of removal than the
man whom the united voice of America calls
to the presidential chair. As the nature of
government requires the power of removal, it
was maintained "that it should be exercised
in this way by the hand capable of exerting
itself with effect, and the power must be con-
ferred on the President by the Constitution as
the executive officer of the Government."
Mr. Madison, whose adverse opinion in the
Federalist had been relied upon by those who
denied the exclusive power, now participated
in the debate. He declared that he had re-
viewed his former opinions, and he summed
up the whole ease as follows:
"The Constitution affirms thatt.hc executive power
is vested in the President. Are there exceptions to
this proposition? Yos, there are. The Constitution
says that in appointing to office the Senate shall be
associated with tho President, unless in the case of
inferior officers, when the law shall otherwise direct.
Have we (that is, Congress) a right to extend this
exception? X believe not. If tho Constitution has
invested all executive power in the President, Ireturn
to assort that the Legislaturehas no right to diminish
or modify his executive authority. The question now
resolvesitself into this: is there powerof displacing an
executive power? I conceive that if any power
whatever is in the Executive it is in the power of
appointing, overseeing, and controlling those who
execute the laws. If the Constitution had not quali-
fied tho powor of the President in appointing to
office by associating the Senate with hiin in that busi-
ness, would it not be clear that he would have the
right by virtue of his executive power to make such
appointment? Should we be authorized,in defiance
of that clause in the Constitution—' the extcutivo
power shall be vested in the President '—to unite the
Senate .with the President in the appointment to
office ? I conceive not. It is admitted that we should
not be authorized to do this. I think it may be dis-
puted whether we have a right to associate them in
removing persons from office, the one power being as
much of an executive nature as the other; and the
first is authorized by being excepted out of the gen-
eral rule established by the Constitution in these
words: ' The executive power shall be vested in the
President.'"
The question _ thus ably and exhaustively
argued was decided by the House of Repre-
sentatives, by a vote of 34 to 20, in favor of
the principle that the executive power of re-
moval is vested by the Constitution in the
Executive, and in the Senate by the easting
vote of the Vice President. The question has
often been raised in subsequent times of high
excitement, and the practice of the Govern-
ment has nevertheless conformed in all cases
to the decision thus early made.
The question was revived during the admin-
istration of President Jackson, who made, as
is well recollected, a very large number of re-
movals, which were made an occasion of close
and rigorous scrutiny and remonstrance. The
subject was long and earnestly debated in the
.Senate, and the early construction of the Con-
stitution was nevertheless freely accepted as
binding and conclusive upon Congress.
The question came before the Supreme Court
of the United States in January, 1839, ex parte
Herren. It was declared by the court on that
occasion that the power of removal from office
was a subject much disputed, and upon which
a great diversity of opinion was entertained in
the early history of the Government. This
related, however, to the power of the President
to remove officers appointed with the concur-
rence of the Senate, and the great question was
whether the repioval was to be by the President
alone or with the concurrence of the Senate,
both constituting the appointing power. No
one denied the power of the President and
Senate jointly to remove where the tenure of
the office was not fixed by the Constitution,
which was a full recognition of the principle
that the power of removal was incident to the
power of appointment; but it was very early
adopted as a practical construction of the Con-
stitution that this power was vested in the
President alone, and such would appear to
have been the legislative construction of the
Constitution, for in the organization of the
three great Departments of State, War, and
Treasury, in 1789, provision was made for tho
appointment of a subordinate officer by the
head of the Department, who should have charge
of the records, books, and papers appertaining
to the office when the head of the Department
should be removed from office by the President
of the United States. When the Navy Depart
ment was established, in the year 1798, pro-
vision was made for the charge and custody
of the books, records, and documents of the
Department in case of vacancy in the office of
Secretary, by removal or otherwise. It is not
here said " by removal of the President," as it
is done with respect to the heads of the other
Departments; yet there can be no doubt that
he holds his office with the same tenure as the
other Secretaries, and is removable by the
President. The change of phraseology arose
probably from its having become the settled
and well-understood construction of the Con-
stitution that the power of removal was vested
in the President alone in such cases, although
the appointment of the officer is by the Presi-
dent and Senate. (13 Peters, page 139.)
Our most distinguished and accepted com-
mentators upon the Constitution concur in the
construction thus early given by Congress, and
thus sanctioned by the Supre.ne Court. After
a full analysis of the congressional debate to
