THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
provides that the contract with the Congres-
sional Globe shall terminate at the expiration
of twoyears from the close of the last Congress.
That pats aa end to that contract. It is pre-
cisely because this appropriation is not for the.
purpose of executing a contract that I object
to it, and ask to have this printing turned over
to the Government Printing Office.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. The pro-
prietors ©f the Congressional Globe cannot
get one dollar more than they are entitled to
by their contract under the law. We put in
the addition, "or so much thereof as may be
necessary." They can get no more than they
are entitled to under the contract in execution
of the law to which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee refers. y
Mr. MAYNARD. The law is here, as plain
for us to read as for anybody else.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. That is in regard to
one complete set of the Globe for each new
member.
Mr. MAYNARD. No, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is in the act of
1864. to pay in part for publishing the debates
in Congress, and for other purposes.
Mr. BLAINE. There is no doubt in the
world that Congress has the right to put the
publishing of our debates in the hands of the
Public Printer if it deem it expedient to do so;
but the only question pending here on this
appropriation bill is whether, on an appropria-
tion bill, in this hasty manner, we shall make
the radical change now proposed? I should
think the gentleman from Tennessee would see,
if I had' not a great respect for him I would
say, the absurdity of such a motion. If you
change the law you will have to organize a
bureau for the printing of our debates, and it
is a matter which requires looking into, and
providing all the details. Until that is done
we simply propose to give to the proprietors
of the Globe what they have a right to by well
understood stipulations of contract. That is
the whole matter.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me ? Before he speaks of absurdity let him
remember that a law.was passed at the end of
the last Congress that at the expiration of the
present Congress our connection with the
Globe should cease. Now, does he not see
the absurdity of appropriating money to carry
on this Globe beyond that time?
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman has it
ceased ? lias oar connection ceased with the
Globe?
Mr. MAYNARD. It will cease before this
appropriation takes effect. We are appropri-
ating for a period beyond that time.
Mr. BLAINE. The appropriation will not
be paid if thrfre is no contract with the Globe,
or after the contract with the Globe ceases.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have attempted to read
the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
lias expired.
Mr. CHANLER, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the amend-
ment for the purpose of calling the attention
of the committee to the provision of the act
passed by the Thirty Ninth Congress. It was
there provided that notice shall be given that
at the end of the Fortieth Congress the United
States will terminate the contract for the pur-
chase of full sets of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix foreach new Senator, Member,
and Delegate.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is not the law to
which I referred. I will read the section of
the law as it now stands upon the statute-book :
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted. That the notice
required by thefourth section of the act entitled "An
act to pay in part for publishing the debates in Con-
gress, and for other purposes," approved July 4,
ISO 1, is hereby given that Conaress will in two years
from the close of tlie present Congress abrogate the
provisions of the first and second sections of the saiu
act.
Mr. BLAINE. Let me ask one question,
so we may have this matter understood. The
Fortieth Congress will expire on the 4th day
of March, 1869, and we are now appropriating
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1809?
Every solitary dollar contained in this appro-
priation will be required before the termination
of the fiscal year on the 30th of June, 1869.
The law now provides that the first session of
a Congress shall commence immediately after
the adjournment of the preceding one, and
unless this appropriation should be made we
will have nothing to pay for the reporting of
that first session, or any session that may take
place in the autumn.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman ought to
have stated that before.
Mr. BLAINE. Yon did not give me an
opportunity.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman had
stated that this appropriation only extended to
the 4th of March, 18C9, I would not have ob-
jected to it. But this does not do that. The
effect of this will be that a construction will
be put on this appropriation beyond that time
that it repeals the lav/ I have read, inasmuch
as the appropriation for the Globe extends
beyond the 4th of March, 18G9.
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir; it will not. I will
tell my exact friend that the first session of the
next Congress will begin the day that this Con-
gress adjourns. In old times this appropria-
tion would have exhausted itself. Then nine
months would have elapsed before the Globe
would have been called on to do any printing
of the debates for The Congressional Globe,
and five months after the expiration of the
fiscal year.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Maittakd's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase of Messrs. Little, I3rown & Co. two thousand
copies of tho fourteenth volume of theUnited States
Statutes-at-Large, for d^tribution agreeably to the
acts of Congress directing the distribution of the
other volumes, &7,000.
Mr. CULLOM. I move to strike that out.
I should like to have some explanation of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They are
distributed all over the United States by offi-
cers of the United States.
Mr. CULLOM. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For folding documents, including materials, $50,-
000.
Mr. HIGBY. Why is that $8,000 more than
the appropriation for last year?
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. I will tell
the gentleman. A great many speeches are
being made, not by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia or by myself, but by a great many other
gentlemen, and this is necessary to send them
off to the people.
Mr. IIIGBY. That does not apply to this
but to next year, ending the 30th of June,
1869. I move to strike out " $-50,000'' and in-
sert " $40,000." #
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For furniture and repairs, $16,500.
For packing boxes lor members, $13,500.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike that out
and insert " for furniture, repairs, and pack-
ing boxes for members, §30,000. The estimate
is for $40,000. The committee have cut it
down to $30,000. The two items are separ-
ated, and I cannot account for it. I put them
together, as it was intended it should be.
I have been told since the discussion this
morning that the actual cost of these packing
boxes is $3 .",0 apiece, and it takes about two
thousand two hundred dollars for packing
boxes for the House of Representatives. The
remainder of the appropriation is for furniture
tad repairs. The appropriation for packing
boxes is far less than for furniture and repairs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 oppose the amend-
ment. I think we should strike out $15,000
for packing boxes. Even then the amount for
furniture and repairs is too large. We appro-
priate thousands and thousands every year for
furniture and repairs, and they are always
used. If the carpets become a little worn
some one takes what we have, and some one
else is always ready to sell us new ones. The
furniture of the Capitol is in good condition
now, and I think §15,000 is enough for next
year.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out the last
word.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the commit-
tee rise. The hour has arrived when it was
agreed we should rise and adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was
about to make the motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I yield.to the gentleman
to make it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson",
of Iowa, reported that the Committee of the
Wholeon the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the special order under consid-
ation, being House bill No. 60o, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1809, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
SAMUEL If. MOORE.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution, which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Meaolvcd, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish to this House copies ot the papers in pos-
session of the Adjutant General in relation to the
case of Samuel H. Moore, late a private in company
G, fifty-seventh regiment Ohio veteran volunteer
infantry, for the use ©f the Committee on Military
Affairs.
TRADE wrrii CANADA, ETC.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House a statement
of the trade between the United States and the British
North American Provinces. now confederated under
tho name of tho Dominion of Canada, since the abro-
gation of tho reciprocity treaty, and showing to what
extent, if any, the interests of theUnited States have
been affected by such abrogation. Also, as to the
nature of tho arrangement for securing to American
citixensthe free navigation of the river St. Lawrence
and the privilege of fishing in the waters adjacent to
Canada.
DECHEASI'1 01? INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. CAKE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following preamble and resolu-
tions:
"Whereas a statement purporting to be prepared by
tho Secretary of the Treasury from the olfieir.1 rec-
ords of his Department has been published in tho
.National Intelligencer, and also sent to the public
through the Associated Press, in which it is stated
that in one hundred and nineteen collection districts
removals were made during the fiscal year 1867 upon
the recommendation of the Commissioner of the In-
terna] Kevenue, in which districts the average fall-
ing off of internal revenue, as compared with the year
18o6, was 5160,942 81 per district; and that in the same
year 1807 removals were made in twenty collection
districts by the President without the recommenda-
tion ofsaid Commissioner,in which the falling off of
revenue is only §46,470 37 per district: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed forthwith to inform this House whether any
such statement was prepared by him or by his tluec-
tion fiom the official records ot his Department; and
whether it wns published by his direction, and if so,
for what purpose; and that, in case tho above state-
ment was not prepared and published by the .Secre-
tary or by his direction, that he inform this House,
if within his knowledge, by whose direction or sug-
gestion it was prepared and put in circulation.
llcsolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
form this House in what collection districts removals
and appointments were made upon the recommend-
ation ot" the Commissioner of Internal iieveiiue dur-
ing the fiscal year 1S67; the names ot the othcers re-
moved and appointed, with copies of all correspond-
ence or recommendations of said Commissioner tho
amount of the revenue collected in the year 1SGG m
each of said districts, and the amount of the falling
off of revenue in each district, compared with the
year 1866, together with the amount of decrease on
each of the leading branches of revenue. Also, alike
statement in regard to all removals and appoint-
ments made during tho same time upon tho recom-
mendation of the Secretary of tho Treasury without
tho recommendation of the Commissioner. Also, a
