1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3101
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to that. I am
■willing that it should be made the special order
after the tax bill has been acted upon in com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can move on'Moriday next to suspend
the rules for the purpose of making this bill a
special order.
The SPEAKER. There is one motion to
suspend the rules now pending, submitted by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
which will come up on Monday next the first
thing after the morning hour.
Mr. BUTLER. I give notice that on Mon-
day next 1 will move to suspend the rules, in
order that this bill may be then considered.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
_ Mr. SCHENCK. It is now after three
o'clock. I ask unanimous consent that the
morning hour for to-day may be dispensed
with.
Mr. BEN.TAMTN and others objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. Cannotthe morning hour
be dispensed with by a majority voteV
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent. The private business may be set
aside by a majority vote ; but should that be
done, then the oider would be the call of com-
mittees for reports of a public nature.
ORDER 1'OR AN EVENING SESSION.
Mr. SCIIENCK. As the morning hour
must go on, we can hardly gel into Committee
of the Whole on the tax bill before half past
four o'clock. I will therefoie move that there
be an evening session this evening at i.alf past
seven o'clock, for the consideration of the
internal tax bill in Committee of the Whole.
Mr RANDALL. Is it to bo with the under-
standing that no business is to be transacted
this evening except the consideration of the
tax bill in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I must object to an even-
ing session, unless such an arrangement can
be made.
The SPEAKER. The motion is that the
House shall meet at half past seven o'clock
this evening in Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the tax bill. Such an
order can be made by a majority vote. There
probably will be no other business transacted,
as there is usually no quorum present at an
evening session when the House comes out of
Committee of the Whole. And any member
can then call for a division upon any question,
and if no quorum is present no business can
be done.
The motion of Mr. Sciibxck for an evening
session was then agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour ha?
now commenced. This being private bill day,
the first business in order is the call ot com-
mittees for reports of a private nature, com-
mencing with the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, where the call rested on Saturday last.
MI OH A E L HEN N1CPSE Y.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon Senate .bill No. 280, for the reliel of
Miohael Hennessey, of Platte county, Mis-
squii, which was reported fiorn the Committee
on Invalid Pensions on Saturday last, by the
gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Polsi.ey,]
and was pending when the morning hour ex-
pired. The bill has been amended, and the
question is upon the third reading of the bill.
The bill was then read the third time, and
passed. .
Mr. POLSLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KATE IIIGCIXS.
Mr. BURR, from the Committee on Invalid
Peusions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1220J
granting a pension to Kate Higgins, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Kate Higgins, of Louisville,
Kentucky, the widow of John Higgins,_ for-
merly a private in company F, twenty-eighth
regiment of Kentucky infantry, to receive a
pension as such widow, commencing Novem-
ber 11, 18(55.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REGULATION OF JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. WOODWARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (11. R. No. 1219) amendatory
of an act entitled "An act relating to habeas
corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases, and for other purposes;" which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I ask
that the bill be reported.
Mr. BURR. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. WOODWARD. It relates to common
carriers in the southern States.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. I do
not object.
'The bill was referred to the Committee on
the ,1 udiciury.
saraii .t. ROUitRS.
Mr. BURR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (II. 11. No. 1221)
grunting a pension to Sarah J. Rogers; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ojtiering the bill *0
be engrossed and read a third tune.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion roll, subject to the provisions and liniita-
tiuns of the pension laws, the name of Sarah
Jane Rogers, widow of Hugh J. Rogers, late a
private in the fiftieth regiment Ohio volunteers,
to receive a pension, commencing the 22d of
June, 18li5.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third tune ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsidor the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iian'naii MOORE.
On motion of Mr. BURR, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Hannah
Moore; and the same was laid on the table.
CATHARINE GINSLER.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (II. R. No. 1222) granting a
pension to Catharine Ginsler; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a t.hiid time.
'I he bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Catha-
rine Ginsler, the widowed mother of John
Ginsler, late of company I, one hundred and
forty-ninth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
commencing the 2'Jth of June, 180-1.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a tnird time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARBARA WEISSE.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. R.No. 1220) granting a
pension to Barbara Weisse; "which was read a
first, and second time. _
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll the name
of Barbara Weisse, widow of Michael Weisse,
late a private of company K, ninth regiment
Michigan infantry, to receive a pension, to
date from January 1, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGARET FILSON.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, also
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1223) granting a
pension to Margaret Filson; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Mar-
garet Filson, widow of George W. Filson, late
a private of company K, ninety-seventh regi-
ment. Indiana volunteers, to receivo a pension,
to bear date from the lstof January, 1806.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JANE E. ROGERS.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 1224,) granting a
pension to Jane E. Rogers ; which was read a
first and second time.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of the applicant, widow of James B.
Rogers, late captain in company C, sixty-fourth
regiment United States colored troops, com-
mencing July 1, 1864.
The bill was then ordered to he engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
daniel fuller.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the petition of Daniel
Fuller, of Potter county, Pennsylvania ; which
was laid on the table.
PATItICK COLLINS.
Mr. BURR, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 1225) granting a pen-
sion to Patrick Collins; which was read a first
and second time.
It diiects the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Patrick Collins, of Dayton, Ohio, to
receive a pension at the rate of ten dollars per
mouth, commencing January 1, 1808.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The bill ought to state the
company and regiment to which ho belonged.
Mr. BURR. Lei it be amended in that par-
ticular.
The amendment was agreed to.,
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
