1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senate is to keep a Journal; the message is
to be returned to the Senate and is to be entered
upon its Journal, and that those words neces-
sarily imply that the Senate must be in session
at the time, or otherwise there would be no
evidence at all that the Journal was one which
the Senate authorized. The answer to that-is,
that if we pass a law which empowers the clerk
to receive it and enter it, it is received and
entered under the authority of the Senate. And
so of the other House. So, then, it depends
upon the question whether you are to give a
literal interpretation, one strictly literal, to the
clause, or give an interpretation to it which
complies with the spirit of the provision.
There are difficulties in a literal interpreta-
tion which will occur to any one who reflects
on the subject. The Senate adjourn from Fri-
day over to Monday ; very often from Thurs-
day over to Monday. The ten days expire,
say on Friday or on Saturday. There is no
Senate in session. What is the President to
do? if he does not return a bill within the ten
days it is a law; "tind he has no authority to
return it at all unless he can return it on Fri-
day or Saturday, and on neither day, accord-
ing to the assumption that there has been an
adjournment from Thursday, is the Senate in
session. If the honorable member from Penn-
sylvania is right, then, in a case of that descrip-
tion, the President would be compelled to re-
turn it within a period less than ten days, or it
would become a lawin spite of his returning it
on the last hour of the tenth day. We thought
that did not at all comport with the object of
the provision, and, as I have before said, came
to a very satisfactory' opinion, so far as the
committee were, concerned, that there was a
power to pass such a bill as this, and that it
was expedient to pass it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have listened wij^a
great deal of careM^ the arguments against
this bill by gentlemen ,in whose judgment I
have great confidence, but I have not been able
to concur with the view they have taken of it.
I think that in the practice "of Congress there
has arisen a practical question of ^difficulty
that must be provided for. It fias come to be
the habit of Congress, and of each branch of
Congress, to take recesses. .Those are clearly
not adjournments within the meaning of the
Constitution, as I think. Then a case of that
sort must be provided for, and I think it is pro-
per that by law we should settle that which is not
settled perhaps definitely by the Constitution.
Now, I think it is proper for Congress to say
explicitly that a recess is not an adjournment;
that a recess for a term of days by thetwo
branches is not an adjournment; and especially
a recess of either branch for a period less
than three dajrs is not an adjournment, and to
provide what shall be done with a bill that
is returned from the President during that
time. It is simply a declaration on the part of
Congress that it is still in session, and a pro-
vision whereby a bill may be returned. In that
view, I support the measure.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to. make one
Other remark. When this subject was up be-
fore I spoke upon the point now made by the
Senator from Vermont—the case of an ad-
journment by one House of Congress when the
other remains in session, or when the consent
of the other House has not been obtained. I
do not understand that in that ease we are pre-
cluded from making some .regulation, either
the regulation proposed by this bill or some
similar regulation appropriate to the case. The
provision of the Constitution is that the bill
shall be returned within ten days unless Con-
gress, moaning both Houses, by their adjourn-
ment prevent its return. Now, sir, that will
not apply to the case of an adjournment to a
period not exceeding three days by one House;
and if there be any regulation of law necessary
to provide for the case of an adjournment of
one House merely I should not interpose any
objection.
But the argument of the Senator from Ver-
mont goes beyond this illustration which he
hag made. He argues that, no matter for what
period of time Congress shall, in fact, adjourn,
although it may adjourn for a period of eleven
months, still the ten days will not expire. Take
the case which happened last year. The two
Houses of Congress adjournetf over somewhere
about the 1st of April, and provided for an
additional session in the month of July. The
two Houses reassembled pursuant to that ad-
journment in July and entered upon a session
because there was a quorum in each House.
After sitting a short time Congress again ad-
journed over until the month of November,
and then reconvened and held a short session
during the latter part of that month. If the
reasoning of the Senator from Vermont be
correct a bill sent to the President 011 the 30th
of March, or say one day before Congress ad-
journed in the spring, would not have fallen
necessarily by the adjournment over to the
month of July; and we might provide by law,
if the Senator be correct, that in such a case
that bill should remain in the hands of the
President until a period of three or four months
of adjournment had elapsed, and then, when
we met here, transmit it to both Houses of
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will par-
don me, I beg to remind him that the Constitu-
tion requires that he shall return the bill to the
body in which it originated in ten days, which,
I suppose, the Senator construes to mean ten
calendar days.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Of course, ten calendar
days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then we cannot provide
for his holding it any longer time.
Mr. BUCKALEW. But, according to the
argument of the Senator, Congress may make
provision based on the assumption that its ad-
journment before the expiration of ten days
will have no effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not make any such
argument. My argument is based on the prop-
osition that a concurrent resolution of each
House permitting the other to adjourn its ses-
sion for a number of days is not an adjourn-
ment of the Congress that the Constitution
provides for as preventing a bill becoming a
law.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am not speaking of a
case of conscnt given by one House to the ad-
journment of the other. I am speaking of the
fact in the case to which I have alluded, to wit,
the sessions of 1867, which were held by regular
adjournments of the two Houses, two adjourn-
ments carrying a session continuously from the
4th day of March, when the Fortieth Congress
convened, down to the first Monday of Decem-
ber, when the second or regular session of that
Congress commenced.
Now, one objection which applies to-the bill
and the argument by which it is sustained is that
it is against the practice of the Government.
From the time that Congress first convened to-
gether in 1789 down to this time it has been held,
and held uniformly, that if the two Houses of
Congress adjourned by a concurrent resolu-
tion before the expiration of ten days from
the presentation of a bill to the President a
bill which should then be left in his hands
would fail. We know cases where bills have
failed under such circumstances. They have
failed upon repeated occasions, not only dur-
ing recent years, but far back in Former times.
This bill is based on the idea that that practice
was incorrect, that it was not founded upon a
sound construction of the Constitution, to wit,
that if Congress shall not be in session, if it
shall have adjourned before the ten days ex-
pire. the bill, if not returned, fails to become
a law, it expires by virtue of that clause of
the Constitution which says in express lan-
guage that it shall not under such circum-
stances become a law of the United States.
This bill proposes, in the absence of both
Houses of Congress, to provide a substitute
for the House to which the bill is to be re-
turned. Instead of being returned to the
House in which it originated, as the Constitu-
tion says, this bill proposes to enact that it
shall be returned to the Secretary here alone,
not in the Chamber of the House at all, but
possibly without the building, or anywhere in
Washington city, or anywhere in the United
States, or, if you please, in some remote for-
eign country, if you can suppose so extreme
a case as that ; and that upon the pap.er or
engrossed bill being given to that particular
person it shall be considered that it has been
returned to the House in which it originated.
Why, sir, can anything be more absurd? Can
anything more flatly contradict common sense,
deny the plain fact? Can we constitute our
Secretary into the Senate, and can we make
the Clerk of the House of Representatives the
House for the purpose of doing any official-act
whatever? You propose that he shall receive
the communication from the President as if he
were the Senate or the House ; that he, sitting
anywhere, responsible to nobody, with no check
upon him, shall make up a Journal as if he were
the Senate or the House for the occasion.
I grant you, Mr. President, that where one
House adjourns within the stated limit of three
days without the consent of the other, you may
presume that it is a case not within the limita-
tion of the Constitution, which says that if the
bill is not returned within ten days it shall not
become a law, because that provision is to be
taken in connection with the other provision
that is connected with it, which is that the Con-
gress by its adjournment shall have prevented
its return. I would construe that that one
House by its adjournment within the period of
three days would not prevent the return of the
bill, but that it might be returned to the House
when it reconvened. Perhaps you might make
some regulation of law for that ease: but why
pass this bill in opposition to the practice of the
Government from the beginning, and in oppo-
sition to the practice which we know actually
prevented bills becoming laws under General
Jackson, under Mr. Lincoln, and under Mr.
Johnson, by which any adjournment of the two
Houses by concurrent resolution before the ten
days had expired induced the defeat of the bill
if the President did not return it before the
adjournment? Here, then, you have not only
the plain signification of these clauses of the
Constitution, but you have the practice of the
Government itself; and to get away from both
these considerations by such a provision as
that which we have in the bill before us seems
to me almost farcical. It is an attempt by
statute to create an individual a substitute for
the Senate or for the House for the perform-
ance of plain, clear, imperative duties charged
upon such House. It anything can violate
both the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-
tion, it seems to me it must be such a bill as
this.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I quite agree
with the ground taken by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. It does seem to me that it is
absurd to say that we can make the delivery
of a bill to the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, or
the Speaker of the House, if you please, to be
the return of the bill "to the House" in
which it originated. The Constitution says
that when a bill is presented to the President,
"if he approve, he shall sign it; but, if not,
he shall return it with his objections to that
House in which it shall have originated." It
contemplates that the bill shall pass from the
custody of the President to the custody of the
House in which it shall have originated ; and
we have no power, in my judgment, to say that
it shall be sufficient to return it to the Presi-
dent of the Senate or the Speaker of the House
or to the Secretary or Clerk. Suppose we say
that he shall return !■., if you please, to the
Secretary and he may lay it before the Senate;
suppose he loses it or he refuses to return it to
the Senate, 1 ask you what is the remedy in
that case? What has become of the bill? The
Constitution does not contemplate such a con-
dition of things. It provides that the Presi-
dent shall not return that bill to a subordinate
officer, but that it shall pass from bun to "J6
custody of the Senate or of the House
resentativeg, according to the House *n winch
