THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
which I have referred, Mr. Justice Story cornea
to this conclusion:
"After a most animated discussion, the vote finally
taken in the Houso of Representatives was affirmative
of the power of removal in the President without any
cooperation of the Senate by the vote of 31 members
against 20. In the Senate the clause in the bill affirm-
ing the power was carried by the easting vote of the
Vice President. That the final decision of this ques-
tion so made was greatly influenced by the exalted
character of the President then in office was asserted
at the time, and has always been believed; yet the
doctrine was opposed as well as supported by the
highest talent and patriotism of the country. The
public have acquiesced in this decision, and it con-
stitutes perhaps the most extraordinary case in the
history of the Government of a power conferred by
implication on theExecutive by the assent of a bare
majority of Congress which has not been questioned
on many other occasions."
The commentator adds:
" Nor is this general acquiescence and silence with-
out a satisfactory explanation."
Chancellor Kent's remarks on the subject
are as follows : " On the first organization of
the Government it was made a question whether
the power of removal in case of officers ap-
pointed to hold at pleasure resided nowhere
but ill the body which appointed," and, of
course, whether the consent of the Senate was
not requisite to remove. This was the con-
struction given to the Constitution while it was
pending for ratification before the State con-
ventions by the author of the Federalist. But
the construction which was given to the Con-
stitution by Congress after great consideration
and discussion was different. The words of the
act (establishing the Treasury Department)
are, " and whenever the same shall be removed
from office by the President of the United
States,_or in any case of vacancy in the office,
the assistant shall act." This amounted to a
legislative construction of the Constitution, and
it has ever since been acquiesced in and acted
upon as a decisive authority in the case.
It applies equally to every other officer of
the Government appointed by the President
whose term ofduration is not specially declared.
It is supported by the weighty reason that the
subordinate officers in the executive depart-
ment ought to hold at the pleasure of the head
of the department, because he is invested gen-
erally with the executive authority, and the
participation in that authority by the Senate
was an exception to a general principle, and
ought to be taken strictly. The President is
the great responsible officer for the execution
of the law, and the power of removal was inci-
dental to that duty, and might often be requi-
site to fulfill it. Thus has the important ques-
tion'presented by this bill been settled, in the
language of the late Daniel Webster, (who,
while dissenting from it, admitted that it was
settled,) by construction, settled by the prac-
tice. of the Government, and settled by statute.
The events of the last war furnished a practi-
cal^ confirmation of the wisdom of the Consti-
tution as it has hitherto been maintained in
many of its parts, including that which is now
the subject of consideration. When the war
broke out rebel enemies, traitors, abettors, and
sympathisers were found in every department
of the Government, as well in the civil service
as in the land and naval military service. They
were found in Congress and among the keepers
of the Capitol, in foreign missions, in each and
all of the Executive Departments, in the judi-
cial service, in the Post Office, and among the
agents for conducting Indian affairs, and upon
probable suspicion they were promptly dis-
placed by my predecessor, so far as they held
their offices under executive authority, and
their duties were confided to new and loyal
successors. No complaints against that power
or doubts of its wisdom were entertained in
any quarter. I sincerely trust and believe that
no such civil war is likely to occur again. I
cannot doubt, however, that in whatever form
and on whatever occasion sedition eau rise,
an effort to hinder or embarrass or defeat the
legitimate action of this Government, whether
by preventing the collection of revenue or dis-
turbing the public peace, or separating the
States, or betraying the country to a foreign
enemy, the power of removal from office by
the Executive, as it has heretofore existed and
been practiced, will be found indispensable.
Under these circumstances, as a depository of
the executive authority of the nation, I do not
feel at liberty to unite with Congress in revers-
ing it by giving my approval of the bill.
At the early day when the question was set-
tled, and, indeed, at the several periods when
it has subsequently been agitated, the success
of the Constitution of the United States as a
new and peculiar system of free representative
government was held doubtful in other coun-
tries, and was even a subject of patriotic appre-
hension among the American people them-
selves. A trial of nearly eighty years, through
the vicissitudes of foreign conflicts and of civil
war, is confidently regarded as having extin-
guished all such doubts and apprehensions for
the future. During that eighty years the peo-
ple of the United States have.enjoyed a meas-
ure of security, peace, prosperity, and happi-
ness never surpassed by any nation. It cannot
be doubted that the triumphant success of the
Constitution is tlue to the wonderful wisdom
with which the functions of government were
distributed between the three principal depart-
ments—the legislative, the executive, and the
judicial—and to the fidelity with which each
has confined itself or been confined by the gen-
eral voice of the nation within its peculiar and
proper sphere.
While a just, proper, and watchful jealousy
of executive power constantly prevails, as it
ought ever to prevail, yet it is equally true
that an efficient Executive, capable, in the lan-
guage of the oath prescribed to the President,
of executing the laws within the sphere of
executive action, of preserving, protecting, and
defending the Constitution of the United States,
is an indispensable security for tranquillity at
home, and peace, honor, and safety abroad.
Governments have been erected in many coun-
tries upon our model. If one or many of them
have thus far failed in fully securing to their
people the benefits which we have derived from
our system, it may be confidently asserted that
their misfortune has resulted from their unfor-
tunate failure to maintain the integrity of each
of the three great departments while preserving
harmony among them all.
Having at an early period accepted the Con-
stitution in regard to the executive office in
the sense to which it was interpreted with the
concurrence of its founders, I have found no
suffieientgrounds in the arguments now opposed
to that construction or in any assumed neces-
sity of the times for changing those opinions.
For these reasons I return the bill to the Sen-
ate, in which House it originated, for the fur-
ther consideration of Congress, which the Con-
stitution prescribes. Insomuch as the several
parts of the bill which i have not considered
are matters chiefly of detail, and are based alto-
gether upon the theory of the Constitution from
which 1 am obliged to dissent, I h'ave not
thought it necessary to examine them with a
view to make them an occasion of distinct and
special objections. Experience, I think, has
shown that it is the easiest, as it is also the
most attractive, of studies to frame constitu-
tions for the self-government of free Slates
and nations.
But I think experience has equally shown
that it is the most difficult of all political labors
to preserve and maintain such free constitu-
tions of self-government when once happily
established. I know no other way in which
they can be preserved and maintained except
by a constant adherence to them through the
various vicissitudes of national existence, with
such adaptations as may become necessary,
always to be effected, however, through the
agencies and in the forms prescribed in the
original constitutions themselves. Whenever
administration fails or seems to fail in securing
any of the great ends for which republican
government is established, the proper course
seems to be to renew the original spirit and
forms of the Constitution itself.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 2, 1867.
j Exhibit B.
! Message, lo the /Senate, December 12, 1867.
To the Seriate of the United States:
On the 12th of August last I suspended Mr.
Stanton from the exercise of the office of Sec-
retary of War, and on the same day designated
General Grant to act as Secretai-y of War ad
interim.
The following are copies of the Executive
orders:
Executive Mansion,
Washincton, August 12,1807.
Sib : By virtue of the power and authority vested
in me, as President, by the Constitution and the laws
of tho United States, you are hereby suspended from
office as Secretary of War, and will cease to exercise
any and all functions pertaining to the same.
You will at once transfer to General Ulysses S.
Grant, who has this day been authorised and empow1
ered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, all rec-
ords, books, papers, and other public property now
in your custody and charge.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Executive Mansion.
W ashington, B.C., August 12, 1867.
Sir: Hon. Edwin M. Stanton having been this day
suspended as Secretary of War, you arc hereby au-
thorized and empowered to act as Secretary of War
ad interim, and will atonce enter upon the dischargo
of tho duties of the oifice.
Tho Secretary of War has been instructed to trans-
fer to you all the records, books, papers, and other
public property now in his custody and charge.
General Ulysses S. Gbant, "Washington, D. C.
The following communication was received
from Mr. Stanton :
War Department,
Washington- City, August 12,1807.
Slit: Your note of this date has been received in-
forming me that by virtue of the powers and authority
vested in you as President, by the Constitution and
laws of tho United States, lam suspended fromoflico
as Secretary of War, and will cease to exercise any
and all functions pertaining to the same; and also
directing me at onco to transfer to General Ulysses
S. Grant, who has this day been authorized and em-
powered to act as Secretary of War ad interim, all
rccords, books, papers, and other public property
now in my custody and charge.
Under a sense of public duty I am compelled to
deny your right, under the Constitution and laws of
the United States,without the advice and consent of
the Senate, and without legal cause, to suspend mo
from office of Secretary of War. or tho exorcise of
any or all functions pertaining to the same, or with-
outfsuch advice and consent to compel me to transfer
to any person the records, books, papers, and public
property in my custody us Secretary.
But, inasmuch as the General commanding tho
armies of the United States has beon appointed ad
■interim, and has notified me that hehas accepted the
appointment, I have no alternative but to submit,
under protest, to superior foree.
To the Presides?.
The suspension has not been revoked, and
the business of the War Department is con-
ducted by the Secretary ad interim. Prior to
the date of this suspension I had come to the
conclusion that the time had arrived when it
was proper Mr. Stanton should retire from my
Cabinet. The mutual confidence and general
accord which should exist in such a relation
had ceased. I supposed that Mr. Stanton was
well advised that his continuance in the Cabinet
was contrary to my wishes, for I had repeatedly
given liim so to understand by every mode
short of an express request that he should re-
sign. Having waited full time for the volun-
tary action of Mr. Stanton, and seeing no
manifestation on his part of an intention to
resign, I addressed him the following note on
tha 5th of August:
Sir : Publicconsiderations of ahigh character con-
strain me to say that your resignation as Secretary
of War will be accepted.
To this note I received the following reply:
Was Department,
Washington, August 5,1867.
Snt: Your note of this day has been received,
stating that public considerations of a high charac-
ter constrain you to say that my resignation as Sec-
retary of War will be accepted.
_ In reply, 1 have tho honor to say that public con-
siderations of a high character, which alono havo
induced me to continue at the head of this Depart -
mem, constrain me not to resign the office of Secre-
tary of War before the next meeting of Congress.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of' War.
This reply of Mr. Stanton was not merely a
declination of compliance with the request for
his resignation; it was a defiance, and some-
thing more. Mr. Stanton does not content
himself with assuming that public considera-
