4126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16i
use since so in any of the young men of the
country had taken to wearing blue. "A free
vote or a free fight" was everywhere pro-
claimed from the stump and echoed by every
rebel in the State.
Under the law the judges of election certify
the poll-books to the clerk of the county court,
who certifies the number of votes given for
each candidate to the secretary of State, from
whose office the commission issues. The secre-
tary, as the law then was, had no means of
knowing how things were conducted in the
different counties, and being precluded from
going behind the return, must declare the
result from the return itself. Once in posses-
sion of the offices the victory was complete.
Although to contest is a right, yet it is no rem-
edy whatever in such cases. Somebody must
decide in the event of a contest, and generally
the decision rests with men who were them-
selves parties to the fraud and elected by the
same fraudulent means. When it is otherwise
there is no difficulty in protracting the litigation
and postponing the decision beyond the official
life of the incumbent.
But this was not all. The judiciary was
invoked to assist in thwarting the will of the
people and nullifying their laws. In several
of the judicial circuits the taking of the re-
quired oath on the part of the judge involved
a stretch of conscience to its utmost tension.
All their sympathies and associations were
with the rebels. Their future hopes and aspi-
rations were wholly dependent on the favor in
which they were held by traitors. The usual
seductive appliances were brought into requi-
sition, the elastic conscience yielded readily,
and these "whited sepulchers" were fast
becoming more dangerous to loyalty and lib-
erty than their accomplices who fought with
the sword.
The constitution provides for the pardon
and forgiveness of such rebels as '"bringforth
fruits meet for repentance." Whoever volun-
tarily entered the Federal service and received
an honorable discharge therefrom may be re-
lieved from the disqualification that attaches
for his complicity with the rebellion, by a
decree of the circuit court. In order that the
fact may be ascertained, he must file his peti-
tion^ verified by affidavit, stating the facts
relating to his enlistment and discharge, and
after five days the judge may investigate the
case, hear the proofs, and decree a removal
of the disability in cases authorized by the
constitution. Here was found the means by
which "loyalty was made easy," and individ-
ual reconstruction, in view of the approaching
election, was carried on in two or three circuits
with railroad speed. No regard whatever was
paid to the requirements of the constitution
in the proceedings. Having been disarmed
and assigned to duty in company Q was an
entering into the military service, and a release
from prison upon oath and parole a sufficient
discharge from the United States service, in the
judgment of these Dogberrys, to authorize a
decree in his favor. Large numbers were thus
manufactured, that they might vote the rebel
ticket. The judge, in whose circuit is the
county of Callaway was very active in this
labor of love. The portals of his temple were
kept open night and day, his crier hourly
making proclamation "whosoever will let him
come." Runners were sent into the highways
and the byways, into the thickets and clefts of
the rocks, to inform the "chivalry" of this
"straight and narrow way." Great numbers
eagerly pressed forward. In many cases the
burrs and leaves were still clinging to their
gory locks and butternut garments, as they
passed in review before these oracles. Imagine
their astonishment at hearing the glad tidings,
"Be of good cheer, thy sins are forgiven thee;
arise, take up thy ballot and vote." The
troubled waters were no more potent in their
healing properties, nor their effect more speedy,
than were these judicial machines in washing
away the sins of murder and treason.
The Legislature had not yet adjourned. The
plans of the conspirators were developed a
little too soon to he entirely successful. By a
supplementary bill, passed to meet the cases I
have enumerated, it is provided that the super-
visors of registration shall certify copies of the
registry lists, when completed, to the secretary
of State, that the evidence of registry may be
with him before finally canvassing the votes
and declaring the result. It also provides that
whenever registration is demanded by virtue
of these judicial decrees, the officer shall require
the applicant to producc his discharge, or fail-
ing to do so, reject him. But Callaway pre-
ferred to be a law unto herself, and the law
of the State was entirely ignored. The super-
visor of registration gives a list of persons
registered in the town of Fulton who were thus
relieved, not one of whom had ever been in
the service a day. If gentlemen will look on
page 88 of the testimony of the sitting member
they will see the fact stated and certified to by
the supervisor.
Notwithstanding this law the judges refused
to stay their hands. With redoubled diligence
they kept their machines running up t.0 the last
day on which the reconstructed prodigal could
register. The Legislature not only endeavored
to prevent these frauds, but it finally called the
judges to account for this and other flagrant
violations of the constitution and laws. One
they caused to be removed by address. Another
was impeachcd, convicted, removed, and for-
ever disqualified. These prompt proceedings
had a very salutary effect. It is hoped and
believed these abuses are checked for the
future. T entreat the House not to sanction
their perpetration in the past.
Mr. Speaker, if I have succeeded in making
myself understood, the House is prepared to
enter understanding^ upon this particular case,
and which, I trust, members will consider in the
light of these surroundings. As will be seen,
this is not an ordinary case of contest. No
precedent can be found involving the princi-
ples here in issue. Not only Missouri, but
every other State having laws of a similar char-
acter, and upon the enforcement of which your
own Constitution and laws are to bo main-
tained, feels a deep interest in the precedent
you are about to establish.
The ninth congressional district of Missouri
is composed of ten counties, one of which is
the county of Callaway. The whole case rests
on the vote of that county. If counted, the
contestant is elected, and if not counted, the
sitting member retains his seat. The secre-
tary of Slate rejected it, and gave the certificate
to the sitting member. In this I am of opinion
he is correct, both as to the law and the fact.
A majority of the committee think otherwise,
and have so reported. The reasons they give
in the report are, in my judgment, untenable,
unsound, and their conclusions warranted
neither by the law nor the testimony.
In justification of the action of the secretary
in rejecting the vote of Callaway county, the
contestee pleads that such a system of intimi-
dation and threatening was resorted to by the
disloyal prior to the registration as to effectu-
ally prevent a fair registry of that county, and
that the secretary had the most, positive testi-
mony on the subject before him when he cast
up the votes.
Lot me digress for one moment and describe
Callaway county and notice the character of
its inhabitants. It lies in the center of the
State, borders on the Missouri river, and is
fertile, populous, and wealthy. At the break-
ing out of the war the number of slaves held
there was large, and the rule held good every-
where that the disloyalty of the inhabitants
corresponded very nearly with the density of
the slave population. Callaway was the most
intensely disloyal and furnished more recruits
to the rebel armies than any county in the
State of Missouri. In the whole southern
confederacy, outside of South Carolina, it was
rare a community could be found in which the
people were more unanimous in their hostility
to the Union, or more zealous in the cause of
treason. After the assault on Sumter, Union-
ism aud Union men were placed under the ban,
and the reign of terror that prevailed there
was fearful. Most of them fled to other
localities. The few that remained tacitly
yielded, and were bent beneath the storm.
Not an echo to the shouts of the loyal and
the victories of loyalty over treason that went
forth from other parts of the State, was heard
from Callaway during the war, nor even to the
present day. The committee say, in their
report, (page 8,) "during the war this county
was in a more peaceful condition than many
other parts of tlie State." Do gentlemen of
the committee not know that "where there is
no wood the fire goeth out?" Does the com-
mittee not know that during the war there was
less commotion and internal strife in South
Carolina than any of the insurgent States?
There was nothing in Callaway for rebellion
to feed upon. This paragraph from the report
of the committee is really one of the best
reasons that can be given to impeach the reg-
istry of that county, which contains more
than two thousand names as legal voters.
There were none to resist the onward march
of treason, and it held high carnival. One
single achievement of the chivalry of the
county illustrates the kind of peace which
reigned there. The lunatic asylum and other
charitable institutions, built and supported by
the munificence of the State, are located at
Fulton, the county seat. Upon the first sound
of the rebel tocsin the people arose en masse,
assaulted these humane institutions, plundered
them of their bedding and everything else that
could be made available in the rebel army,
and turned their unfortunate inmates into the
streets. The adjoining county of Boone, the
home of the contestant, was the theater of
the most barbarous massacre of the war, not
oven excepting Fort Pillow. One hundred
and eighty as true patriots as ever lived were
butchered, scalped, and their bodies mutilated
in a manner that finds no parallel in the his-
tory of savage warfare. They rest to-day in
one common grave, hastily prepared by a few-
kind friends for their reception. " No useless
coffins inclose their breasts," nor mound nor
monumeutal stone mark their place of sepul-
ture.
" Tho winds that sweep the wintry sky
No more disturb their sweet repose.
Than summer evening's latent sigh
JLhat shuts the rose."
Their blood to-day cries to us from the ground.
Unquestionably the names of many of their
murderers appear on this registry list, who not
only claim but find no difficulty in proving
they are and at all times have been loyal to your
Government and its laws.
But the committee say we have no proof of all
this. In the name of God, must the history of
the country be proved to the committee ? Must
evidence be adduced to satisfy it that we have
passed through a dreadful civil war, and that the
soil of Missouri was daily drinking patriotic
blood from the beginning to its close? Will it
not take judicial notice of what everybody
knows, and history records? Surely, Mr.
Speaker, such a rule cannot prevail in the Con-
gress of the United States.
The Secretary of State well knew the char-
acter of Callaway county. From his office in
the capitol at Jefferson City his eye could ex-
tend across the Missouri river and rest upon
Callaway soil. He knew, what everybody
knew, that Callaway no more had two thousand
legal voters than it had two millions. But he
was not authorized to act upon his own knowl-
edge, nor was it necessary. The Legislature
had just passed an act to meet just such cases.
Its first section says:
counties  ml0ftTr3 rsi,of rosistration for the several
and count? of St pTach.sonat°« l district in the city
oSt andfoJwd t thU«! ar0(hereb/ required to inako
afte?thc coTmleH™les,e«retarypt state immediately
"ijectivoM "Sistration in their re-
proceedings?" conte3ted-eieetion ease or other legal
J*1' supervisor in Callaway did make out
and certny the list, and what does in contain ?
