20
SUPPLEMENT TO
tions bearing upon his continuance in office
form as fully a rule of action for himself as for
the President, and that upon so delicate_ a
question as the fitness of an officer for contin-
uance in his' office, the officer is as competent
and as impartial to decide aa his superior who
is responsible for his conduct.; but' he goes
further and plainly intimates what he means by
"public considerations of a high character;"
and this is nothing less than his loss of confi-
dence ill his superior. He says that these pub-
lic considerations have " alone induced me to
continue at the head of this Department," and
that they " constrain me not to resign the office
of Secretary of War before the next meeting
of Congress."
' This language is very significant. Mr. Stan-
ton holds the position unwillingly. He contin-
ues in office only under a sense of high public
duty. He is ready to leave .when i t is safe to
leave, and as the danger he apprehends from
his reittoval then will not exist when Congress
is here, he is constrained to remain during the
interim. What, then, is that danger which can
only be averted by the presence of Mr. Stan-
ton or of Congress ? Mr. Stanton does not say
that "public- considerations of a high charac-
ter" constrain him to hold on to the office in-
definitely. He does not say that no one other
than himself can at any time be found to
take his place and perform its duties. On the
contrary, he expresses a desire to leave the office
at the earliest moment consistent with these
high public considerations. He says in effect
that while. Congress is away he must remain,
but that when Congress is here he can go. In
other words he has-lost confidence in the Presi-
dent. He is unwilling to leave the War De-
partment in his hands, or in the hands of any
one the President may appoint or designate to
perform its duties. If he resigns, the President
may appoint a Secretary of War that Mr. Stan-
ton does not approve. Therefore, he will not
resign. But when Congress is in session the
President cannot appoint a Secretary of War
which the Senate does not approve. Conse-
quently, when Congress meets Mr. Stanton is
ready to resign.
Whatever cogency these "considerations"
may have had upon Mr. Stanton, whatever
right he may have had to entertain such con-
siderations, whatever propriety there might be
in the expression of them to others, one thing
is certain—it was official misconduct, to say the
least of it, to parade them before his superior
officer. Upon the reeeiptof this extraordinary
note I only delayed the order of suspension
long enough to make the necessary arrange-
ments to fill the office. If this were the only
cause for his suspension it would be ample.
Necessarily it must end our most important
official relations, for I cannot imagine a degree
of effrontery which would embolden the head
of a Department to take his seat at the coun-
cil table in the Executive Mansion after such
an act. Nor can I imagine a President so for-
getful of the proper respect and dignity which
belong to his office as to submit to such intru-
sion. I will not do Mr. Stanton the wrong to
suppose that he entertained any idea of offer-
ing to act as one of my constitutional advisers
after that note was written. There was an
interval of a week between that date and the
order of suspension, during which two Cabinet
meetings were held. Mr. Stanton did not pre-
sent himself at either, nor was he expected.
On the 12th of August Mr. Stanton was noti-
fied of his suspension and that General, Grant
had been authorized to take charge of the
Department. In his answer to this notifica-
tion, of the same date, Mr. Stanton expresses
bimself as follows:
Under a souse of public duty I am compelled to
your right, under the Constitution and laws of
tin; United States, without the advice and consent
of the Senate, to suspend me from office as Secretary
.of War or theexercisoof any or all functions pertain-
ing to the same, or without such advico and consent
to compel mo to transfer to any person tho records,
book?, papers, and public property in my custody as
{Seerytary- But inasmuch as the General command-
ing tho armies of the United States has been ap-
pointed ad interim, and has notified ma that he has
accepted tho ofrpointffl#irt,"I have no alternative hut
to submit, under protest, to superior force.
It will not escape attention that in his note
of August 6 Mr. Stanton stated that he had
been constrained to (fontinne in th'e office, eten
before he was requested to resign, by consid-
erations of a higli public character: In this
note of August 12 "a new-arid different setlse
of public duty compels him to deny the Presi-
dent's right to suspend him from office without
the consent of the Senate. This last is the
public duty of resisting an act eontrai-yto law,
and Tie charges the President 'With violation
of the law in Ordering hia suspension.
Mr. Stanton refers generally to the " Con-
stitution and laws of the United States," and
says that a sense of public duty "under" these
compels him to deny the right of the President
to suspend him from office. As to his sense
of duty under the Constitution, that will be
considered in the sequel. As to his^ sense of
duty under "the laws of the United States,"
he certainly cannot refer to the law which
ereates the War Department, for that expressly
confers upon the President the unlimited right
to remove the head of the Department. • The
only other law bearing upon the question, is the
tennre-of-office act, passed by Congress over
the presidential veto, March 2,1867. This is
the law which, under a sense of public duty,
Mr. Stanton volunteers to defend. There is
no provision in this law which compels any
officer coming within its provisions to remain in
office. It forbids removals, butnotresignations.
Mr. Stanton was perfectly free to resign at any
moment, either upon his own motion, or in
compliance with a request or an order. It was a
matter of choice oroftaste. There was nothing
compulsory in the nature of legal obligation.
Nor does he put his action upon that impera-
tive ground. He says he acts under a "sense
of public duty," not of legal obligation, com-
pelling him to hold on, and leaving him no
choice. The public duty which is upon him
arises from the respect which he owes to the
Constitution and the laws, violated in his own
case. He is, therefore, compelled by this
sense of public duty to vindicate violated law
and to stand as its champion.
This was not the first occasion in which Mr.
Stanton, in discharge of a public duty, was
called upon to consider the provisions of that
law. That tenure-of-office law did not pass
without notice. Like 6ther acts it was sent to
the President for approval. As is my custom,
I submitted its consideration to my Cabinet for
their advice upon thequestion, whether Should
approve it or not. It was a grave question of
constitutional law, in which 1 would of coarse
rely most upon the opinion of the Attorney
General and of Mr. Stanton, who had once
been Attorney General. livery member of my
Cabinet advised me that the proposed law was
unconstitutional. All spoke without doubt or
reservation, but Mr. Stanton's condemnation
of the law was the most elaborate and emphatic.
He referred to the constitutional provisions, the
debates in Congress—especially to the speech
of Mr. Buchanan, when a Senator—to the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court, and to the usage
from the beginning of the Government through
every successive Administration, all concurring
to establish the right, of removal, as vested by
the Constitution in the President. To all these
he added the weight of his own deliberate judg-
ment, and advised me that it was my duty to
defend the power of the President from usurp-
ation and to veto the law.
I do not know when a sense of public duty
is more imperative upon a head of Department
than upon such an occasion as this. He acts
then under the gravest obligations of law;
for when he is called upon by the President
fbj advice it is the Constitution which speaks
to him. All his other duties are left by the
Constitution to be ^regulated by statute; but
this duty was deemed so momentous that it is
imposed by the Constitution itself. After all
this I was not prepared for the ground taken
by Mr. Stanton in his note of August 12. I
was not prepared to find him compelled, by a
new and indefinite sense of public duty under
"the Constitution," to assume the vindica-
tion of a law which, under the solemn obliga-
tions of public duty, imposed by the Constitu-
tion itself, he advised me was a violation of
that Constitution. I make great allowance for
a change of opinion, but such a change as this
hardly falls within the limits of greatest indul-
gence. Where our opinions take the shape of
advice and influence the action of others the
utmost stretch of charity will scarcely justify
us in repudiating them when they come to be
applied to ourselves.
But to proceed with the narrative. I was
so much struck with the full mastery of the
question manifested by Mr. Stanton, and was
at the time so fully occupied With the prepar-
ation of another veto upon the pending recon-
struction act, that I requested him to prepare
the veto upon this tenure-of-office bill. This
he declined tm the ground of physical disability
to undergo, at the time, the labor of writing,
but stated his readiness to furnish what aid
might be required in the preparation of mate-
rials for the paper. At the time this subject
was before the Cabinet it seemed to be taken
fo'r granted that as to those members of the
Cabinet who had been appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln their tenure of office was not fixed by the
provisions of the act. I do not remember that
the point was distinctly decided; but I well
■recollect that it was suggested by one member
of" the Cabinet who Was appointed by Mr. Lin-
coln, and that no dissent was expressed.
Whether the point was well taken or not did
not seem to me of any consequence, for the
unanimous expression of opinion against the
constitutionality and policy of the act was so
decided that I felt no concern, so far as the act
had reference to the gentlemen then present,
that I would be embarrassed in the future. The
bill had not then become a law. The limita-
tion upon the power of removal was not yet
imposed, and there was yet time to make any
changes. If any one of these gentlemen had
then said to tte that he would avail himself of
the provisions of that bill in case it became a
law, I should not have hesitated a moment as
to his removal. No pledge was then expressly
given or required. But there are circumstances
when to give an express pledge is not necessary,
and when to require it is an imputation of pos-
sible bad faith. I felt that if these gentlemen
came within the purview of the bill it was, as
to them, a dead letter, and that none of them
would ever take refuge under its provisions. I
now pass to another subject. When, on the
15th of April, 1865, the duties of the presiden-
tial office devolved upon me^'I found a full
Cabinet of seven members, all of them selected
by Mr. Lincoln. I made no change. On the
contrary, I shortly afterward ratified a change
determined opon by Mr. Lincoln, but not per-
fected at his death, and admitted his appointee,
Mr. Harlan, in the place of Mr. Usher, who
was in office at the time.
The great duty of the time was to reestab-
lish government, law, and order in the insur-
rectionary States. Congress was thfefi in re-
cess, and the sudden overthrow of the rebellion
required speedyaction. This grave subject had
engaged the attention of Mr. Lincoln in the
last days of his life, and the plan according to
which it was to be managed had been pre-
pared and was ready for adoption. A lead-
ing feature of that plan was that it should bo
carried out by the executive authority, for, so
far as I have been informed, neither Mr. Lin-
coln nor any member of his Cabinet doubted
his authority to act or proposed to call an extra
session of Congress to do the work. The
first business transacted in Cabinet after I be-
came President was this unfinished business of
my predecessor. A plan or scheme of recon-
struction was produced which had been pre-
pared for Mr. Lincoln by Mr. Stanton, his
Secretary of War. It was approved, and, at
the earliest moment practicable, was applied
in the form of a proclamation to the State of
North Carolina, and afterward became the
basis of action in turn for the other States.
