2078
, THE CON"GrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
it shall have originated. The Constitution
says so ; and if we are bound to observe it in
any respect certainly we are bound to observe
it in this respect. If we can resolve or enact
that the Secretary shall stand instead of the
Senate, and place the bill in his custody, we
can dispose of any other provision of the Con-
stitution by similar construction.
Mr. President, I believe that the true con-
struction of the Constitution is this: that the
failure of the President to return a bill so that
it shall not become a law will only prevent its
becoming a law by the final adjournment of
the two Houses; that is to say, the adjourn-
ment of Congress. If the Senate adjourns over
on the tenth day the President is not even pre-
sumed to know that fact, and the adjournment
over that day will not defeat the bill or make
it a law. My opinion is, that the reason of the
Constitution is given in the concluding clause,
that it is the final adjournment which causes
the failure of the bill if he does not return it
within ten days and there is a final adjourn-
ment before the ten days expire. If on the
tenth day the Senate is not in session, but it is
in session on the eleventh, it is, in my judg-
ment, a compliance with the spirit and with the
reasoning of the Constitution to send the bill
here on the eleventh day. But to send it to
the Secretary, as was said by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, at his office, or 011 the street, or
at his hotel, or to the President of the Senate
at his rooms or at a party, is not a compliance
with the Constitution. The Constitution does
not mean that. I think it would be safer and
I think it would be better to enact simply that
if the Senate or House of Representatives shall
not be in session on the tenth day, there being
no final adjournment of Congress, it shall be
sufficient if the bill shall be returned on the
eleventh, twelfth, or fifteenth day, when it
shall actually be in session. It would be just
as good for the private Secretary of the Presi-
dent to retain a bill as for the Secretary of the
Senate; just as much a compliance with the
provision of the Constitution ; and it would be
just as satisfactory to my mind for the Presi-
dent to retain it during the odd days as for the
Secretary of the Senate to do so.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the bill
is not founded upon the correct principle in
that respect. 1 agree that it is the final adjourn-
ment of Congress, of both Houses, that was
intended to defeat a bill. That is the spirit
and meaning of the Constitution ; and if we
start out with that as a key, we shall find that
it makes no difference whether the bill be re-
turned on the eleventh or twelfth day, if that
be the first day that the Senate or House shall
be in session after the ten; but to say that it
may be returned to a subordinate officer, to the
Secretary or to the President of the Senate, or
to the Speaker of the House, and that that shall
be a compliance with the Constitution, it does
seem to me, in the language of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, is absurd.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Cole,
Uonkling, Oonness.Corbett, CraRin, Drake, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan. Moirill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,Pat-
terson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Ross, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Van Winkle,
Williams and Wilson—29,
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, McCreery, Morton, Norton, Saulsbury,
Vickers and Wiliey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Ferry, Fowler,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Nye, Pat-
terson of Teusiessee, Pomeroy, Thayer, Trumbull,
Wade and Yates—14.
So the bill was passed.
ADMISSION TO IMPEACHMENT TRIAL.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
order for consideration:
Ordered, That the order of the 10th of March in-
stant, relative to admission to the galleries, be sus-
pended until further order, and that the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the Senate shall take special care that
order shall be observed in the galleries during the
trial of the impeachment now proceeding; and He is
hereby authorized to arrest and bring before the Sen-
ate any person who violates the order of the Senate;
and he shall take effective measures to secure ad-
mission to the diplomatic gallery, the ladies'gallery,
and the reporters' gallery to thoso only who are en-
titled to admission thereto under the rules.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to the considera
tion of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only ask that it lie on
the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed order will lie over under the rules.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 350)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for the prompt settlement of public accounts,"
approved March 8, 1817.
The message also announced that the House
had adopted a replication to the answer of the
President of the United States to the articles
of impeachment exhibited against him, which
would be presented to the Senate by the man-
agers on the part of the House. , *
LINCOLN MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceeed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 210, reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs this morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (II. 11. No. 216) to
authorize the Secretary of War to place at the
disposal of the Lincoln Monument Association
damaged and captured ordnance. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of War to place at
the disposal of the Lincoln Monument Asso-
ciation, incorporated by act of Congress, ap-
proved March 30, 1807, damaged and captured
guns and ordnance, out of which to cast the
statues of the principal figures surmounting
and to be incorporated in the structure: but
no metal is to be thus appropriated until the
voluntary contributions actually in the hands
of the treasurer shall amount to $100,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire whether that is
intended to include anything except bronze
cannon?
Mr. CONNESS. Unquestionably not.
Mr. GRIMES. Then that word had better
be inserted.
Mr. CONNESS. They cannot use anything
else.
Mr. GRIMES. They may not be able to use
anything else in the construction of their mon-
ument; but it includes all damaged ordnance,
as I understand, which would amount to mil-
lions of dollars.
Mr. CONNESS. Put in the words, " brass
01- bronze."
Mr. GRIMES. I move to insert the word
" bronze."
IMPEACHMENT OP PRESIDENT JOHNSON.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
has arrived when the chair must be vacated,
that the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States may preside over the trial
of the impeachment of the President of the
United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore vacated the'
chair.
On the adjournment of the Senate, sitting
for the trial ofthe impeachment, at three o'clock
and twenty-eight minutes p. m., the President
pro tempore resumed the chair.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not. There is
unfinished business that ought to be disposed
of. I hope we shall go on with the unfinished
bu si ness.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. ANTHONY. On that motion I wish
to say that when the Senate adjourned last the
unfinished business was the consideration of
the report of the select Committee for the Re-
vision of the Rules, and I hope we shall go on
with that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
and seconded that the Senate do nowadjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I renew my motion for an
executive session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we may proceed
with executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
UNROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherso.y, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 350) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the prompt settlement
of public accounts," approved March 3, 1817;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 832) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1809.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and after an hour spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 24, 1808.
The House met at 12 o'clocl^m.
By unanimous consent tk/reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
IMPEACHMENT O^CIIE PRESIDENT.
The House resunml the consideration t>f the
business pending^ft the adjournment, being the
replKfcition to tbi? answer of the President to
the artales of^mpeachment and the resolution
rehitin^Uxrtwj reported by the managers,
upon which Mr. Eijdridge was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It would seem from the
remarks ofthe gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Buti.ebJ that this matter is never to cease
to be a subject ot levity. In the impeachment
of the President the proceedings from the
beginning up to this hour have been treated,
not only as a mere matter of form, but as a
subject for trifling and for amusing those who
happen to give their attention upon the House
of Representatives.
The gentleman from Massachusetts tells us
that when the question was raised in England
whether an impeachment was in the name of
all the people of England some one was heard
to exclaim that it was not, that that individual
did not assent, and he said that it was under-
stood to be a ranting old woman. Well, sir, it
is not necessary for old women to come here
to rant, for we have plenty of ranters upon this
subject in the House of Representatives.
Mr. BLAINE. On which side?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Maine asks me on which side. I should sup-
pose he knew, coining right from that quarter.
Mr. RANDALL. He is a very fair speci-
men himself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, he is a very fair
specimen himself. I adopt that remark.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts undertakes to say that this replication has
been prepared with reference to the answer of
the President, that it is a mere formal matter,
and that they only gave notice in the Senate
that they would probably be prepared, with
the consent oi' the House, to file this replica-
tion at one o'clock to-day. Now, that maybe
the understanding of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, but we had the statement of the
leading manager, Mr. Bingham, of Ohio, on
last evening to the contrary, when he desired
that the House should authorize the managers
