THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
Upon the examination of Mr. Stanton be-
fore the impeachment committee he was asked
the following question:
"Did anyone of the Cabinet express a doubtofthe
power of tho executive branch of the Government
to reorganize State governments which had been in
rebellion without tho aid of Congress?"
He answered:
"None whatever. I had myself entertained no
doubt of the authority of tho Piesidentto takemeas-
ures for the organization of the rebel States on the
plan proposed during th'e vacation of Congress, and
agreed in the plan specified in the proclamation in
the ease of North Carolina."
There is, perhaps, no act of my administra-
tion for which I have been more denounced
than this. It was not originated by me; but
I shrink from no l-esponsibifity on that account,
for the plan approved itself to my o wn j udgment,
and I did not hesitate to carry it into execution.
Thus far, and upon this vital policy, there was
perfect accord between the Cabinet and myself,
and 1 saw no necessity for a change. As time
passed on there was developed an unfortunate
difference of opinion and of policy between Con-
gress and the President upon this same subject
and upon the ultimate basis upon which the
reconstruction of these States should proceed,
especially upon the question of negro suffrage.
Upon this point three members of the Cabinet
found themselves to be in sympathy with Con-
gress, They remained only long enough to see
that the difference of policy could not be rec-
onciled. They felt that they should remain
no longer, and a high sense of duty and pro-
priety constrained them to resign their posi-
tions. We parted with mutual respect for the
sincerity of each other in opposite opinions,
and mutual regret that the difference was on
points so vital as to require a severance of
official relations. This was in the summer of
1806. Tho subsequent sessions of Congress
developed new complications when the suffrage
bill for the District of Columbia and the recon-
struction acts of March 2 and March 23, 1867,
all passed over the veto. It was in Cabinet
consultations upon these bills that a difference
of opinion upon the most vital points was
developed. Upon these questions there was
perfect accord between all the members of the
Cabinet and myself, except Mr. Stanton. He
stood alone, and the difference of opinion
could not be reconciled. That unity of opin-
ion which upon great questions of public
policy or administration is so essential to the
Executive was gone.
I do not claim that the head of a Depart-
ment-should have no other opinions than those
of the President. He has the same right, in
the conscientious discharge of duty, to enter-
tain and express his own opinions as has the
President. "What I do claim isthafcthe Presi-
dent is the responsible head of the Administra-
tion, and when the opinions of a head of De-
partment are irreconcilably opposed to those
of the President in grave matters of policy
and administration there is but one result
which can solve the difficulty, and that is a
severance of the official relation. This, in the
past history of tho Government, has always
been the rule ; and it is a wise one ; for such
differences of opinion among its members must
impair the efficiency of any Administration.
1 have now referred to the general grounds
upon which the withdrawal of Mr. Stanton from
my administration seemed to me to be proper
and necessary; but I cannot omit to state a
special ground which, if it stood alone, would
vindicate my action.
The sanguinary riot which occurred in the
city of New Orleans on the 80th of August,
1866, justly aroused public indignation and
public inquiry, not only as to those who were
engaged in it but as to those who, more or less
remotely, might be held to responsibility for
its occurrence. I need not remind the Senate
of the effort made to fix that responsibility on
the President. The charge was openly made,
and again and again reiterated through all the
land, that the President was warned in time
but refused to interfere.
By telegrams from the lieutenant governor
and attorney general of Louisiana, dated the
27th and 28th of August, I was advised that
a body of delegates, claiming to be a consti-
tutional convention, were about to assemble
in New Orleans ; that the matter was before
the grand jury, but that it'would be impossible
to execute civil process without a riot, and this
question was asked : "Is the military to inter-
fere to prevent process of court'?" This ques-
tion was asked at a time when the civil courts
were in tho full exercise of their authority, and
the answer sent by telegraph, on the same
28th of August, was this:
" The military will be expected to sustain, and not
to interfere with the proceedings of the courts."
On the same 28th of August the following
telegram was sent to Mr. Stanton by Major
General Baird, then (owing to the absence of
General Sheridan) in command of the military
at New Orleans:
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War :
A convention has been called with the sanction of
Governor Wells, to meet here on Monday. The Lieu-
tenant Governor and city authorities think it un-
lawful, and propose to break it up by arresting the
delegates. 1 have given no orders on tho subject,
but have warned the parties that 1 could not coun-
tenance or permit such action without instructions
to that effect from the President. Please instruct me
at once by telegraph.
The 28th of August was on Saturday. Tho
next morning, the 2'Jth, this dispatch was re-
ceived by Mr. Stanton at his residence in this
city. He took no action upon it, and neither
sent instructions to General Baird himself nor
preseuted it to me for such instructions. On
the next day (Monday) tho riot occurred. I
never saw this dispatch from General Baird
until some ten days or two weeks after the riot,
when, upon my call for all the dispatches, with
a view to their publication, Mr. Stanton sent
it to me. These facts all appear in the testi-
mony of Mr. Stanton before the Judiciary Com-
mittee in the impeachment investigation. On
the 30th, the day of the riot, and after it was
suppressed, General Baird wrote to Mr. Stan-
ton a long letter from which I make the follow.-
ing extracts:
"Sir: I liavo the honor to inform you that a very
serious riot occurred here to-day. X had not been
applied to by the convention tor protection, but tho
Lieutenant Governor and tho mayor had freely con-
sulted with me, and I was so fully convinced that it
was so strongly the intent of the city authniitius to
preserve tho peace, in order to prevent military in-
terference, that I did regard an outbreak as a thing to
be apprehended. The Lieutenant Governor had as-
sured mo that even if a writ of arrest was issued by tho
court thcslicriff would not attomptto serve it without
my permission, and for to-day they designed to sus-
pend it. I incloso herewith copies of my correspond-
ence with tho mayor and of a dispatch which thoLu; li-
ter! an t Governor claims to have received from tho
President. I regret that no reply to my dispatch to
you of Saturday has yet reached me. Gen oral Sher-
idan is still absent in Texas."
The dispatch of General Baird of the 28th
asks for immediate instructions, and his letter
of the 30th, after detailing the terrible riot
which had just happened, ends with the ex-
pression of regret that the instructions which
he asked for were not sent. It is not the fault
or tho error or the omission of the President
that this military commander was left without
instructions; but for all omissions, for all errors,
for all failures to instruct, when instruction
might have averted this calamity, the President
was openly and persistently held responsible.
Instantly, without waiting for proof, the delin-
quency of the President was heralded in every
form of utterance. Mr. Stanton knew then
that the President was not responsible for this
delinquency. The exculpation was in his
power, but it was not given by him to the pub-
lic, and only to the President in obedience to
a requisition for all the dispatches.
No one regrets more than myself that Gen-
eral Baird's request was not brought to my
notice. It is clear, from iiis dispatch and
letter, that if the Secretary of War bad given
him proper instructions the riot which arose
on the assembling .of the convention would
have been averted. There may be those ready
to .say that I would have given no instructions
even if the dispatch had reached me in time;
but all must admit that I ought to have had the
opportunity.
The following is the testimony given by Mr.
Stanton before the impeachment investigation
committee as to the dispatch:
" Question. Referring to the dispatch of the 2Sth of
July by General iiaird, I ask you whether that dig-
patch, on its receipt, was communicated?
"Answer. I received that dispatch on Sundayfore-
noon: I examined it carefully and considered tho
question pi esented; I did not see that I could givo
any instructions different from the line of action
which General Baird proposed, and made no answer
to the dispatch.
" Question. I see it stated that this was received at
ten o clock and twenty minuter p. it. Was that tho
hour at which it was received by you?
"ylns'iiw. That is tho dato of its reception in tho
telegraph office Saturday night. I received it on
Sunday forenoon, at my residence; a copy of tho
dispatch was furnished to the President several days
afterward, along with all tho other dispatehes and
communications on that subject, but it was not fur-
nished by me before that time; 1 suppose it may have
been ten or fifteen days afterward.
"Question. The President himself being in corres-
pondence with those parties upon tho same subject,
would it not have been proper to have advised him
of the reception of that dispatch?
"Answer. I know nothing about his correspond-
ence, and know nothing about any correspondence
except this one dispatch. We had intelligence of tho
riot on Thursday morning. Tho riot had taken placo
on Monday,"
It is a difficult matter to define all the rela-
tions which exist between the heads of Depart-
ment and tho President. The legal relations
are well enough defined. Tho Constitution
places these officers in the relation of his ad-
visers when he calls upon them for advice.
The acts of Congress go further. Take, for
example, the act of 1789, creating the War
Department. It provides that—
"There shall bo a principal officer therein, to bo
called the Secretary for the Department of War,
who shall perform and cxeeute such duties as shall
from time to time be enjoined on or intrusted to
him by tho President of the United States;"
and furthermore,
" the said principal officer shall conduct the business
of the said Department in such manner as the Pres-
ident of the United States shall from time to timo
order and instruct."
Provision is also made for the appointment
of an inferior officer by the head of the De-
partment, to be called the chicf clerk, "who,
whenever saidprincipal officer shall be removed
from office by the President of the United
States," shall have the charge and custody
of the books, records, and papers of the
Department.
The legal relation is analogous to that of
principal and agent. It is the President upon
whom tho Constitution devolves, as head of the
executive department, the duty to see that
the laws are faithfully executed; but as he can-
not execute them in person he is allowed to
select his agents, and is made responsible for
their acts within just limits. So complete is
this presumed delegation of authority in the re-
lation of a head of Department to the Presi-
dent that the Supreme Court of the United
States have decided that an order .made by a
head of Department is presumed to be made
by the President himself.
The principal, upon whom such responsibil-
ity is placed for the acts of a subordinate, ought
to be left a£ free as possible in the matter of
selection and of dismissal. To hold him to re-
sponsibility for an officer beyond his control;
to leave the question of thfi fitness of such an
agent to be decided for Mm and not by him ; to
allow such a subordinate, when the President,
moved by "public considerations of a high
character," requests his -resignation to as-
sume for himself an equal right to act upon his
own views of "public considerations," and to
make his own conclusions paramount to those
of the President—to allow all this is to reverse
the just order of Administration, and to place
the subordinate above the superior.
There ai;e, however, other relations between
the President and a head of Department be-
yond th.ese defined legal relations winch neces-
sarily attend them, though not ex presse.d. Chief
among these is mutual confidence. This rela-
tion is so delicate that it is sometimes hard to ?ay
when or how it ceases. A single flagfaat act
may aid it at on0e, and then there j&i&d diffi-
culty. Butconfidencemay bejust as effectually
destroyed by a series of causes too, ^ubtlft
demonstration. As it is a plant of slow growth,
