1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4127
First, there appears upon it 2,034 names of per-
sons registered as legal voters. Second, un-
der the head of remarks the status of 730 of
that number is described, which shows that not
one of them is qualified to vote under the law,
and finally the following certificates of the
supervisor of registration and three of the reg-
istering officers are appended, and which I will
send to the Clerk's desk and have read:
The Clerk read as follows:
I hereby certify tliat the above and foregoing list
of registration is a correct copy " as furnished me by
the officers of registration" for the various election
districts in and for Calloway county, Missouri. And
I hereby further certify that the registration law in
its letter and spirit was not carried out in any one of
the election districts of said county; that such a sys-
tem of intimidation and threatening was carried on
by the disloyal and those opposed to the law as to
deter loyal men from undertaking the registration in
most of the election districts, and was consequently
intrusted to men who most shamefully disregarded
the law.
In the few districts where men could be had who
were willing to register according to the law, there
was such intimidation and threatening used as to
deter those who were willing to make objections to
those they knew not to be entitled to registration as
qualified voters, and as a consequence the law could
not and was notcarricd out, as the certificates hereto
appended show.
Given under my hand this December 12,1866.
WILLIAM H. THOMAS,
Supervisor of Jief/istration for Callaway
county, Misftouri.
I hereby certify that I was appointed officer of
registration for Round Prairie township, Callaway
county, Missouri, by Thomas Ansell; that in enter-
ing upon the duties of the office I found much stub-
bornness manifested. The people who made appli-
cation for registration as qualified voters refused to
be examined as to qualifications; and from the dan-
ger that would arise from an attempt on my part to
issue compulsory process for witnesses, every one of
whom were afraid to volunteer objections to persons
registering, &e., X would be entirely unable to carry
out the law in my district, and therefore resigned my
office. I am clearly of the opinion that not one fourth
of the number registered as qualified voters in the
county are legal voters according to law.
H. S. TURNER.
Fulton, Missouri, December 1,1866.
I hereby certify that I was appointed by Thomas
Ansell as officer of regisk-ation for Bourbon township,
Callaway county, Missouri: thatl entered upon my
duties in compliance with thelaw, and that menwho
bad been reported as the worst rebels in my district
made application for registration and took the pre-
scribed oath; thatin no Cusewas anyobjection made,
and personally not knowing any acts of disloyalty
that would debar them from registration as qualified
voters, I felt boundunder thelaw to register them as
such. I am certain that the few loyal men of my
district were afraid to make objections to persons who
they knew wero not entitled to registration as quali-
fied voters, and I fully believe it would have been
dangerous for them to have done so. X firmly believe
that a great majority of those registered by me as
qualified voters have been and are disloyal. I judge
this from the little respect they ha.d for Federal sol-
diers—the little interest they took ingiving informa-
tion to the Union officers during the war. and their
contempt generally for the Union men of thecounty.
JAMES E. TURLEY,
Oflieer of Regintration.
I hereby certify that I was appointed by Thomas
Ansell as register of Cedar township, in Callaway
county, Missouri; that I entered upon the discharge
of my duties according to law, and rejected all per-
sons whom I knewfrom my own personal knowledge
to be disqualified. Many persons who were regis-
tered by mo as qualified voters were reported to me
by various witnesses as being guilty of many acts of
disloyalty; but said witnesses informed me that if
they were to come before me and testify to tho facts
they would be compelled to leave their homes, and
rather than do so, even under compulsory process,
they would get out of the way. Iuiowing this, I
thought it useless to attempt to forcibly bring them
before me, knowing also that such a proceeding
would endanger their lives.
Many good Union men informed me that on ac-
count of the threats and intimidation used against
them, they thought it unsafe to go to the place of
registering and voting, and did not do so.
From whatlknow and have seen since the passage
of the registry Jaw, I am fully convinced that there
could not be a legal registration made in Calloway
county under the circumstances as they existed at
the time of tho present registration.
Given under my hand this December 8,1866.
JOHN YOUNT.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, Mr. Speaker, if what
is said on this list, under the head of remarks,
is true, and what is said in these certificates is
true, then, beyond all controversy, the vote of
Callaway county should not be counted. But
so far as the legality of the act of the secretary
is concerned in rejecting it, it is wholly imma-
terial whether they are true or false. The law
says to him '' what; you find on the lists shall be
evidence of the facts there stated." He could
not inquire as to their truth any more than he
could inquire if an election had been held at
all, that fact beiug stated on the return. Sup-
pose the election return certified the opening
of the polls on a different day than that ap-
pointed by law, or was signed by an officer
not authorized to make return, or was not
attested with the official seal, clearly the officer
must reject the vote although the facts were
otherwise than as stated.
But the committee says the supervisor had
no right to make these remarks, nor certify as
he did. Why not? The committee assumes
the " remarks were made by the supervisor
on the copy, and that they are not on the
originals." I deny it. There is no word of
evidence justifying such an assumption. On
the contrary, the certificate says it "is a cor-
rect copy as furnished by the officers of regis-
tration," and no attempt is made to disprove
it. The originals were in the same office in
which the depositions of the contestant were
taken, could have been and undoubtedly were
consulted, and if such a discrepancy exists
some allusion to it would certainly have been
made. I take it for granted the originals con-
tain all the copy contains except the certifi-
cates ; certainly such is the proof.
And why not make the certificate ? He
must certify the facts or not certify at all.
Again, it is either a certificate or it is not.
If a certificate the secretary was clearly
right in rejecting the vote, and if not a certifi-
cate the most essential element is wanting
that constitutes it a certified copy of the regis-
tration, and without which the vote could not
by any possibility be legally counted. Which-
ever horn is taken it results that the secretary
was justified, as it was his duty to reject the
vote given upon such a registry.
The committee assumes that these remarks
have no place on the registry lists, and say that
if made by the registering officers or the board
of appeals still the secretary should have dis-
regarded them. Such is not the law. The Gov-
ernor is required to cause to be prepared the
form of the book of registration of voters. He
did prepare such form. The form so prepared
was used in the registration of Callaway, and
one of the columns in the form is headed "re-
marks," as is shown in the testirffony.
These "remarks" are set opposite the names
of seven hundred and thirty persons, and if true
disqualify every one of them. These lists, with
the certificates that they are true, are in evi-
dence. This certainly makes a prima facie
case against the right of this seven hundred and
thirty to register. But as the case stands it is
conclusive.
The lists are given in evidence by the sitting
member. The contestant nowhere attempts
to impeach them, although he had nearly all
the registering officers on the stand as wit-
nesses, most of them being his party friends,
and could easily have disproved thetn if false.
Had the lists been mutilated or any statement
interpolated by the supervisor, as assumed by
the committee, nothing could have been easier
of proof. No attempt in that direction was
made. They are certainly true. There is not
a word of evidence, not even a circumstance,
from which the committee is justified in assum-
ing their falsity. It may be stated further that
the parties against whose names these remarks
were made were all or nearly all in the vicinity
of the place where the testimony was taken, and j
might easily have been called in to testify that i
they were erroneously set down as "disloyal'1
or "bushwhacker" if such was the fact.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is over one third
of the whole number registered, and nearly one
half of all who voted proven by the lists them-
selves to be disqualified. They have placed
their disloyalty on record. If that number is
ascertained without any effort how much would
it have beeni increased had the officers done
their duty according to law and "diligently
inquired and ascertained if they had not done
any of the acts specified in the constitution?"
Not a question was ask«d for that purpose. In
some cases the oath was not even administered.
Several officers swear they feared to send for
witnesses to ascertain the facts, and the whole
proceeding may be summed up by saying what
is fully pro ven, that all who would take the oath
of loyalty were permitted Without question, let,
or hinderance to register and vote. And not
only so, but they were persuaded, urged, and
advised by the whole party, of which the con-
testant is one of the leaders, that the oath itself
was unconstitutional, null, and void, and the
taking of it falsely involved neither moral nor
legal turpitude. This point is further strength-
ened by the fact that no person in the entire
county was rejected who would take the oath.
I doubt if there is another county in the State
whose list of registration shows none rejected.
A small list is given here called the rejected
list, but, it seems to be made up of those too
conscientious to take the oath. An oasis in
the desert is cheerful in its appearance, be it
ever so small.
The committee finally conies to the conclu-
sion there was no reasonable ground to feat
personal violence, no threatenwgs, no intim-
idation, and that the registration was legal,
fair, and should be sanctioned by this House.
The report says the registering officers were
proven to be men of upright character, truly
loyal to the Government, and some of them
political friends of the sitting member. But
the committee does not mention what the tes-
timony shows, that every one of those who are
proven to be the friends of the sitting member
swear they were prevented from carrying out
the law by threatening? and intimidation, and
that, so far as their precincts are concerned,
the registration is illegal and void. The kind
of loyalty the others profess I will describe
presently. An item or two from their testi-
mony will be sufficient to guide the House in
determining the degree of credit that is due to
their statements. Isaac D. Snedicor, one of
the registering officers and a witness for the
contestant, swears that everything was quiet;
that he faithfully carried out the law, and regis-
tered no man whom he knew to be disquali-
fied. On the other hand, it is clearly proven
that a number whose names appear on his list
were not sworn at all, (a fact which he admits
in another part of his testimony,) and that he
had the evidence in his possession, furnished
him by the supervisor, that one half or more
of the whole number registered by him were
disqualified. On his list appears the name of
T. B. Harris, who lives in the same town, with
whom he was well acquainted, and who was
expelled from the State convention for noto-
rious disloyalty, after full investigation and
debate. Another name on his list is that of
Jesse Garner, who swears he served in the
rebel army, fought and was wounded at Wil-
son's creek, and that lie told Snedicor of
these facts when he applied to be registered.
Still, in the opinion of the committee, Mr.
Snedicor is an upright man, and his list should
be taken without further question. The com-
mittee says he was appointed by Thomas, the
political friend of the sitting member, but do
not say what Thomas himself says, that no per-
son could be found who would undertake to
carry out the law, and, as a last resort, he
appointed Snedicor. It'was a kind of Hop-
kin's choice—Snedicor or nobody—which of
itself shows the terror that prevailed there in
respect to this registration law. His district
was Fulton, the county seat, and where one
fourth of the vote of the entire county was
polled.
The committee says, what the evidence cer-
tainly bears them out in saying and what is not
denied, but admitted, that everything was quiet
during the registration. Of course there was
no disturbance. The registering officers per-
mitted all to register who desired to, theretore
the disloyal had nothing of which to complain
The loval were outnumbered more than ten to
one and were utterly powerless. Order
