2080
WE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
March 'M.
there as a Representative from his State, not
as .Presiding Officer of the House of Represent-
atives. Heuce he is now assuming a fact which
has not come to his knowledge as Presiding
Officer of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point made by the gentleman on the ground-
that jttte House takes official cognizance of all
proceedings ia the Committee of the Whole as
well as in the House; whether the Speaker or
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole
presides does not affect the question.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman from Wisconsin takes occasion to
complain of the language of the chairman of
the managers in regard to the preparation of
this replication. The gentleman maintains that
because the chairman said that we would be
prepared on behalf of the House to submit the
replication at one o'clock to-day, therefore,
we have prejudged the case. lie charges that
we have already decided in favor of the Presi-
dent's conviction. I beg the gentleman to an-
swer whether upon the same sort of evidence
he has not prejudged the ease by declaring in
favor of the President's acquittal. In this par-
ticular he stands upon precisely the same plat-
form as ourselves, with this difference: that
we in this question represent the House, while
he ought to stand- unaffected as one of its
members.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I voted against the arti-
cles—all of them—believing them to be untrue.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Exactly;
so the gentleman has as much prejudged the
case in favor of the President's innocence as
any of the managers or any other member of
the House can have prejudged it in favor of the
President's guilt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My point was that they
had prepared their replication in advance,
anticipating the President's answer.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. Antici-
pate the answer! What other answer, I ask the
gentleman as a lawyer, could have been made
to the plea of not guilty, or that substantially
equivalent, to wit, guilty? Can he name any
other? Did he expect us to depart from the par-
liamentary practice to enter upon a long series
of special pleas as he would have done as a
lawyer iti a civil cause? That would be pre-
cisely playing into the hands of the President
and his counsel, whose object, I assume, and I do
not think I speak uncharitably or without the
book, is nothing more nor less than delay. Is
the process of technical proceeding to be formed
in a great'eause of this sort where the interests of
the nation, its very life, I may say, are involved ?
Does the gentleman want delay? Does he
hope to perpetuate this examination down until
the close of the term of the President, as was
suggested significantly by the gentleman who
sits at his own side in the debate on the arti-
cles of impeachment? Why, sir, we were
threatened in advance we could not put this
case through before the expiration of his term,
and I know there was a general feeling in the
country of that sort, and there may have been
at one time a feeling in this House of that kind.
And we have evidence, I think, it was the
expectation of the President himself from out-
givings which seemed at all events to be semi-
official that the case could be prolonged in-
definitely in this way.
Why, I ask gentlemen, may not this replica-
tion have been prepared in advance and without
hearing the ease of the President when there
was no other, he must confess himself, which
could have properly been made in order to
join the issue in this cause? I have asked
them what other than a general replication
could be put in ? If so, why is it necessary to
wait for the answer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman will
allow me, I have answered repeatedly that he
might by replication confess such facts the
President has stated which could not be denied
by evidence and only deny such facts as he
pould disprove.
Mr. WILLIAMS, ofPennsylvania. Exactly;
the gentleman comes back again and urges the
special pica. The plea is one in confession
and avoidance, and we are expected to make
a special reply—a special reply on every answer.
I have examined the precedents to some ex-
tent, and I find no case but this in which the
Earty has failed to put in, in connection with
is answer, the plea of not guilty. Here it has
been avoided, whether purposely or not I do
know.
I have some doubts myself, as I am constrained
to say, whether we should not have gone back
to the Senate and compelled the accused to
put in a plea of not guilty in form. I have de-
ferred to the judgment of my colleagues in the
expression of the opinion disclosed in this re-
plication that, inasmuch as there could be no
issue, the President himself was in default if
he failed to put in this pica, and we might take
the whole of the answer as a substantial plea
of not guilty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me say one word to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and only a
word. The point I endeavored to make was
that the House of Representatives, through
their managers, having accepted the answer,
the special answer, putin by the President, they
are bound by that answer and it was their duty
to reply to it specially to deny or confess the
facts as stated.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. I have
asked the gentleman for a precedent, and I ask
again, in which any motion of this sort has
been entertained ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there any case on
record where the managers of an impeach-
ment allowed such an answer as the Presi-
dent's to stand ?
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman from Illinois will answer the gen-
tleman on that.
I desire to say on another point that what
the gentleman has said is only a rehearsal of
what has been declared by other gentlemen on
the same side of the House that the facts stated
in the President's answer are true—they are,
to use his emphatic language, God's truth.
I do not think God recognizes any truth of
that sort. [Laughter.] Does the gentleman
undertake to say that the speeches charged to
have been made by the President at St. Louis,
at Cleveland, and at Washington were not true ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The President says he
did not make them in the form in which they
are charged.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. He
denies that he made them as they are charged ;
the gentleman affirms that that denial is true,
and therefore that the President never made
any such a speech. I put it to him whether he
believes it himself ? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. BOUTYVELL. For a moment.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire merely to answer
the remark of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood,] that no managers ever made such
a replication. In the trial of Warren Hastings
a committee was- appointed to examine the
Journal of the House of Lords, and they
reported, from an examination of three cen-
turies, that no demurrer or exception could be
found as having been taken to articles or
answers. There is no precedent cxeept that
the articles are to be answered, and then the
general replication is put in. That the gentle-
man will find to be the law, so far as usage is
concerned, in impeachment cases.
Mr. BOUTYVELL. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
wakd,] and at the close of his remarks I shall
feel it my duty to ask for a vote.
Mr. YVOODYVARD. I have no desire to
embarrass this proceeding, bat as the managers
have made their report to the House and we
are now being consulted, I suppose it is proper
for any member of the House to point out to
the managers any difficulties that may occur
to him in this proceeding. I do it with no
disposition to embarrass the gentlemen or this
proceeding, but, if possible, to give to our
record something like that legal respectability -
to which, it is entitled.
It is said by the managers that this is not a
case for special pleading, and that there are
no instances of special pleading on record.
But will gentlemen please to remember that
they are pleading specially ? They have pleaded
specially in'their articles against the President,
and the President has pleaded specially in an-
swer to those articles, and now these gentle-
men come in to reply specially to that plea. It
is too late, therefore, for tliem to talk about
this being a case for special pleading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania. A single
question. Does the gentleman consider an in-
dictment or declaration in the nature of special
pleading ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Undoubtedly. Mr.
Speaker, I am amazed at some things. Does
not niy colleague know that all pleading is an
altercation between the parties litigant for the
single purpose of presenting and developing an
issue? That is the only object. Idonotcare
whether you call it general or special, indict-
ment or declaration ; the whole purpose of the
science of pleading is to bring out an issue.
That is done by the mutual altercations of the
parties, and until those altercations result in
an issue there is nothing to try. That is horn-
book law.
Now, I am not quarreling about what you
may call it. Here is tho President of the Uni-
ted States arraigned on a bill or an indictment
to which he has put in a plea, and we are now
maturing a replication to that plea. Now, in
regard to the eleventh article, I ask the atten-
tion of lawyers in this House^who are now
being consulted, to what the President has to
reply to. You will remember that the article
charges him with indulging in undue criticism
of Congress and its legislation, speaking of
them with disrespect. 1 give the substance; I
do not pretend to give the charge in full. Now,
what does the President say in answer to that
charge ? I will read the material portion of
his answer to that charge:
"But this respondent, in farther answer to, and in
respect of, the said allegations of the said eleventh
artielo hereinboforo traversed and denied, claims
and insists upon his personal and official right of
freedom of opinion and freedom of speech, and his
duty in his political relations as President of the
United States to the people of the United States in
the exercise of such freedom of opinion and freedom
of speech, in the same manner, iorm, and effect as
ho has in this behalf stated the same in his answer
to the said tenth article, and with the same effect as
if ho here repeated the same; and he further claims
and insists, as in said answer to said tenth article he
has claimed and insisted, that he is not subject to
question,inquisition, impeachment, or inculpation,
in any form or manner, of or concerning such rights
of freedom of opinion or freedom of speech or his
said alleged exercise thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM. Y\rill the gentleman 
Mr. YVOODWARD. Waitamoment, ifyou
please.
Mr. BINGHAM. I only want the gentle-
man to read the last line.
Mr. WOODWARD. I am replying to gen-
tlemen. I say that there the President has
planted himself upon his freedom of opinion
and freedom of speech. He denies that that
is an impeachable offense. And what says the
Constitution of the United States?
" Congress shall ma.ke no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof, or prohibiting the freedom of speech or of
tile press."
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this Congress can
make no law prohibiting the President from
doing precisely that which he is now impeached
for doing; if we could make no law upon the
subject which he might not violate without
being impeachable therefor, then, in the name
of Heaven, how are we now going to impeach
liim for exercising that freedom of speech
which the Constitution secures to him? He
claims that he has only exercised his constitu-
tional right of freedom of speech. What says
the replication ? "A general replication,'' the
gentleman says, as if he had pleaded notguilty.
But he has not pleaded not guilty to this elev-
