1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4129
the highest to the lowest they claim, and have
at all times claimed, that the most exalted
patriotism actuated them. The Radicalsare
the traitors. The Radicals are the revolution-
ists, and in putting them down the end justifies
the means. This doctrine is by no means
peculiar to Missouri. Our ears are familiar
with such talk, even in the Congress of the
United States. With the contestant and his
party the provisions of the constitution of Mis-
souri, having for their purpose the disfranchise-
ment of the disloyal, are nullities. The oath
required is absolutely void andthe taking of it
falsely no crime. In the same light, I presume,
he regards the oath he will be required to take
at the Speaker's desk, should he be so fortunate
as to be permitted to do so. At home lie is
cheered by the multitude in his denunciations
of the body of which he is now seeking to
become a member.
I have said these men deny the imputation
of disloyalty. Such is true. I will give you
a single case, and in this you have a sample of
the whole, varying not in kind, but in degree.
1 will take the contestant himself. I select
him not in view of any peculiarity his history
presents which is not common to others of his
class. I call upon him because he is already
before us, and the proof is at hand. I have
no disposition to misrepresent or deal unfairly
by him, and certainly will not do so knowingly.
The contestant has long been a citizen of the
State. Heis a resident of the county of Boone,
which borders Callaway. Boone is another of
the central Missouri river counties, and the
inhabitants rolled slavery "as a sweet morsel
under their tongues." The people are kindred
with tiiose of Callaway. Although largely
exceeding Callaway in population it polled less
than half the vote of the latter county. Judge
Barkhart's patent dispensing machine was kept
under full head of steam in that county also,
and contributed largely to the registry lists.
The contestant for nearly a quarter of a cen-
tury has edited and published a newspaper at
the county seat, known as the Missouri States-
man. It has been and still is a leading paper
with its party, and its influence with the peo-
ple of Boone and Callaway very great. He
has figured largely in the political history of
Missouri for many years. Upon all the great
questions of the day he has never been slow in
placing himself on the record. In 18131, at a
''time when men's souls were tried," he spoke
out. and his voice gave no uncertain sound,
lie not only spoke for himself, but he spoke
for the party which elected him in 1866, if
elected at all. I have before me the proceed-
ings of a so-called Union meeting held at
Columbia, the home of the contestant, on the
6th day of May, 1861, which was largely at-
tended ; and its proceedings, which I will ask
the Clerk to read, will give an idea of the
character of the Unionism of Boone and Cal-
loway.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Union Meeting in Boone County.—Pursuant to pub-
lic noticc, one among the largest meetings evor held
in the county convened in the court-houseon Mon-
day, May 6, 1861, to express their opinions m regard
to the present crisis. At one o'clock the meeting
was called to aider by Colonel Switzler, on www
nomination Mr. James McConathy, sr., was olected
president. On taking the chair, the President re-
quested Colonel Switzler to explain the objects of
the meeting, which he proceeded to do in a speech
of considerable length ; whereupon, on motion of
elder T. >1. Allen, Dr. M. R. Arnold was elected sec-
retary.
" F. T. Russell, esq., moved that a committee of
seven be appointed to draft resolutions expressive
of the sense of the meeting, and the chair appointed
the following:
•« p. T. Russell, Islimael Vanhorn, David Gordon,
Uemy ICecne, John \V. Hall, Joel Palmer, Major
James Brown.
"On the retirement af the committee, on motion of
Colonel Switzler, Judge Curtis Field, jr., of Rich-
mond, Ky., who was present in the audicnce, was
requested to address the meeting. As, in his opinion,
the crisis demanded that each State should decide
tor itself its own duty, and as he was a citizen of
Kentucky he did not deem it proper to take up the
tune of the meeting with any remarks of his own,
and thciefure begged to be excused.
Major Rollins was then loudly called for, and re-
sponded in a speech of an hour and a half, at the
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No, 259,
conclusion of which the committee, through Mr.
Russell, their chairman, reported the following pre-
amble and resolutions:
" Whereas civil war has been inaugurated in the
United States, brought about by the extreme men of
the North, and the extreme men of the South; and,
whereas the State of Missouri occupies a position
central between the two extremes, and has hitherto
earnestly opposed all hostile demonstrations on the
pait of either: Therefore,
4*Resolved, That the true policy of Missouri, at
present, is to maintainan independent position within
the Union—holding her soil and institutions sacred
against invasion or hostile interference from any
quarter whatever.
Resolved, That we approve and indorse the reply
of the Governor of the State of Missouri to the Sec-
retary of War, in refusing to furnish troops tor the
purpose of coercing our southern brethren.
* Resolved, That patriotism and policy, and the
preservation of the public peace, alike require on the
part of the Federal Administration a prompt and
immediate recognition of the southern confederacy
as a government de facto and forming an alliance
offensive and defensive withitforinutualprotection.
"Resolved, That in our opinion secessionism is a
remedy for no evil, real or imaginary, but an aggra-
vation and complication of existing difficulties; but
if we are reduced to the necessity ot engaging in the
present war and strife, that then we will stand by
and cooperate with the South. ,
"Resolved, That to the end thatMissoun may be
fully prepared for any contingency, wo would havener
citizens arm themselves thoroughly, at the earliest
practicable moment, by regular action of the btate.
"Resolved, That as we hear that the border-State
convention will be held at Pranktort, Kentucky, on
the 27th instant, we therefore urge the delegates from
Missouri to said convention to attend the same.
"Resolved, That we approve of the course of our
delegates to the State convention, Messrs. Rust and
Flood, and that we believe they truly and faithfully
reflected the wishes and sentiments oi those by whom
they were elected, and that their action upon the
important measures before the convention is fully
indorsed by this meeting."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Commenting on the char-
acter of the meeting and the resolutions, the
contestant in the issue of liis paper of May 10,
l^Glj said:
" Secession Squelched Out—Union Meeting in Boone.
—We recur with great pleasure to the Ijmon peace
demonstration in this place on Monday last. It was
unexpectedly large, enthusiastic, and harmonious.
The people were thoughtful, dispassionate, and
appropriately impressed with the solemnity and
perils of the crisis in which their interests andthe
unity of the Government are involved,
"The speeches wcie addiessed to the judgments
and the consciences of tho large auditory; were
designed to inform the understandings and not to
inflame the passions or prejudices ot the people;
were the momentous deductions ot reason from the
rapidly occ-urring and pregnant events ot the times;
were the lessons of history uttered m earnest warn-
ing against the mad experiment ot secession and
war. An intelligent patriotism pervaded them all
and deeply moved tho people. While they sympa-
thized with the South in all its past wrongs and
present perils, neither orators nor people could see
that our satety was m recession. They could not see
that southern wrongs, whether real or imaginary,
could be more easily or certainly redressed out ot tne
Union than in it. They could not see that our rights,
oftentimes the sneer and loot-ballot Black Repub-
lican traitors, could be more speedily or thoroughly
obtained out ot tho Union than in it. ihey could
not sec a single reason why the peaceful homos ©I
our people, and their fairliclds.now so full oi prom-
ise, should be desolated by civil war—'why this btate,
without a regiment on duty, without arms or muni-
tions, defenseless, and §Jo,OUO.OOO in debt, should be
plunged into thediretul vortex of secession and blood.
*' Most nobly, therefore, and most enthusiastically
did the people respond to sentiments ot iealty to the
Union for the sake of peace. ,
j "We have never known a public meeting and
appeals to the popular heart by public speakers to
wield a more healthful influence, ihe old fires wci e
awakened, and the proposition made plain to c\ eiy
man that our present safety was not in crniwar, but
in a position of neutrality within the Union. In *act,
secessionism was squelched out, and Boone county
to-day, if called upon to vote, would record fifteen
hundred majority against it.
Here. Mr. Speaker, was a meeting of the
Union loving men, loyal, patriotic citizens in
the judgment of the contestant, held lor the
I purpose of considering the situation, at a time
I when the contending hosts were marshaling
! for the conflict. Sumter had been assailed j
i the other forts in the South had been captured;
' your mints, your custom-houses, your ships,
indeed everything you possessed in eleven
States, had been wrested from you by armed
traitors. Your army had been basely surren-
dered to the enemy. Your flag was torn down
and insulted. Your power was scored at and
defied. A government of traitors had beeu
set up in your territory, and wherever one was
found bold enough to raise his voice in your
■behalf death was his portion. Treason was
rampant everywhere, and amid the din the
loyal masses of Boone, led by the contestant,
met and resolved that your outrages had
caused the war, "that patriotism and policy "
required you promptly and immediately to
recognize the southern confederacy and form
an alliance with it for offensive and defensive
purposes. As if this was not sufficient, they
further resolve that Missouri will hold her soil
sacred from the tread of your armies; that her
position shall be an independent one " withiu
the Union," and if reduced to the necessity of
engaging in the conflict at all then she will
stand by and cooperate with the South. Not
content with laying down the law to you and
threatening you with her vengeance in case you
refuse to obey, this valiant set ofloyal patriots
taunt you by indorsing the insulting response
of the traitorous Governor of the State when
called upon by the Executive of the nation for
troops to assist in reestablishing your authority.
"The requisition upon me is unconstitutional,
revolutionary, and diabolical, and there are no
troops in Missouri to aid in carrying on such
an unholy crusade," said Governor Jackson to
the President, and to this the contestant and
other loyal patriotic citizens of Boone say
"amen." Who says there are not twenty-one
hundred loyal men in Callaway<and one thou-
sand in Boone after sending such a noble and
patriotic resolve as this to you in the hour of your
trial ? Who says the doors of this House should
not be thrown open wide for the reception of
this loyal representative of aloyal constituency,
in whom there is neither "variableness nor
shadow of turning."
But, Mr. Speaker, the half hp not yet been
told. The war was commenced and the Gov-
ernment had indicated its purpose to disregard
the thunders from Boone and prosecute it vyith
vigor. Millions had declared their determina-
tion to uphold it iu that resolve, even to the
last man and the last dollar, notwithstanding
all Boone and Callaway, including the con-
testant, had given youwarnipg thjit Missouri's
soil must be regarded as sacred, and if pro-
voked to wrath her mighty power would be
displayed in cooperating with the southern con-
federacy. Coercion had become a. fixed fact.
Your armies were being moved across the
Potomac, and were occupying a portion of the
sacred soil of Virginia. Tlie contestant while
sitting in his sanctum is told that it is whis-
pered he has some little sympathy with the flag
under which he was born. He waxes wrath
that such an imputation of disloyalty should
have gained currency, and in the next issue of
his paper, bearing date June 14,1861, appears
the following emphatic denial. The Clerk will
please read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Ko greater li.bej can be uttered against any public
man than that we either advuca.Lu or fayoi coercion.
Wo havo denounced it from the start. President
Lincoln's proclamation for seventy-five thousand
troops was issued 011 tho loth of April, and on the 17th
Governor Jackson responded tor Missouri, thattha
requisition upon her was unconstitutional, revolu-
tiomuy, and diabolical, and thatthere were no troops
in Missouri to aid in carrying on such an% unholy
crusade.' We published Governor Jackson s reply,
and snid: .
44 * Well done, Governor Jackson, there is not a man
in Missouri untainted by the "diabolical" heresy of
Black Republicanism, who will not indorse you m
this prompt and befitting refusal to respond to the
unconstitutional and revolutionary call tor troops by
Mr. Lincoln. Hiscall, sir, is all you say it is—illegal,
inhuman, and diabolical; and deserves the execra-
tions of every true son of the South, every true friend
i! of the Union and the public peace.\
s| " * There are no troops in Missouri, and we hope m
]i no other southern State, to aid a Black Republican
i; President in the butchery of the southern people,
i! If there are in the South, and especially in Missouri,
l! any such soldiers, they are on the wrong side of
!| Mason and Dixon's line, and had better, for tueir
!' health, take up their beds and walk—and walk fast,
i; '-After Mr. Lincoln's perfidy to the whole southern
i people, and his execrable duplicity to the Union men
; of the border slave States, his call upon them for
! volunteers to aid him in blockading the ports. so*k
! ing the towns, and murdering th© people df the ooucu
is most insolent and shameful.'
I Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, one more
1 extract will suffice. In the saiM£
i his paper, replying to an article of a conte;m;po
! rar/wliich spoke of the "loyal country as
