1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3105
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
muigaret c. long.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. U. No. 1249) grant-
ing a pension to Margaret C. Long ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the hill to
bo engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Margaret
C. Long, widow of Jesse K. Long, late a pri-
vate of company E, twenty-eighth regiment
Kentucky volunteers, commencing June 0,
1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AEIiNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james iiooney.
■ Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (II. II. No. 1250) grant-
ing a pension to James Itooney; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of James Rooney, late a member of
company B, seventh Missouri cavalry, com-
mencing April 14, 1803.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles iiamstead.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1251) grant-
ing a pension to Charles Hamstead; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Charles Hamstead, late a member
of Captain Schell's company of West Virginia
State guard, afterward the seventh West Vir-
ginia volunteers, commencing February 26,
18G2.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the v.ote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
children oif g. w. freer.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1252) grant-
ing a pension to the minor children of Garrett
. W. Freer; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the names of W. G. Freer, Brodhead E. Freer,
and Clarence Freer j minor children of Garrett
W. Freer, late a specialagent in the thirteenth
district of New York, as the minor children of
a second lieutenant, commencing July 5, 1868.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this bill should
provide that the pension be given to these chil-
dren jointly. As it now reads the pension
would go to each one of the children.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I have no objection
to such an amendment, and will move it. •
The amendment was agreed to.
40th Cong. 2d Sbss.—No. 195.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. VAN AERNAM moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
julia t,. doty.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
reported a bill (IT. R. No. 1253) granting a
pension to Julia L. Doty; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Julia L. Doty and the minor chil-
dren of John M. Doty, late a contract sur-
geon of United States volunteers, who died at
Annapolis, Maryland.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
frances m. webster.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1251) granting
a pension to Frances M. Webster; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering tlio bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Frances M.
Webster, widow of L. B. Webster, late a cap-
tain and brevet lieutenant colonel of the fourth
regiment of United States cavalry.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
order of business to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is now
so late that I do not propose to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the special
order. I hope, however, that members gen-
erally will be in attendance to night, so as to
give us a quorum, that wo may proceed with
the tax bill. I have also a proposition to make.
It is that the House agree to meet to-morroiv
at eleven o'clock a. m., and sit till five o'clock
p. in., dispensing with the evening session. I
ask the House to give us one good solid day.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I object.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Ipropose, then, that we
meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow to go into
Committee of the Whole on the tax bill im-
mediately after the morning hour and to con-
tinue in session till five o'clock, dispensing with
the evening session.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
american sharpshooters. "
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means a joint resolution (H. R. No. 295) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
remit the duties on certain articles contributed
to theNational Association of American Sharp-
shooters ; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I think a
brief explanation will satisfy the House of the
propriety of passing this resolution, which the
committee unanimously directed me to report.
This Association of American Sharpshooters
is an association of delegates from all the Ger-
man societies, who are in a short time to hold
a grand festival in the city of New York, con-
tinuing four weeks, to which festival they have,
I believe, invited Congress; and, as I just learn,
4-for I was not present at the time,) the House,
in response to that invitation, has appointed
a committee. Individuals in Germany, as well
as associations there of a similar character,
have agreed to contribute a number of medals,
&c., to be among the prizes shot for. We
are asked to provide that these articles, to an
amount not exceeding §10,000 in currency,
may come in free of duty; and the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means are unanimously in
favor of the measure.
Mr. ROBINSON. I trust that this resolu-
tion will be passed without opposition on either
side.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-,
grossed for a third reading; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. IIOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (II. I£. No. 1058) to admit the States
of North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana,
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida to representa-
tion in Congress.
sale of damaged arms, etc.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report back troni the Committee oil Military
Affairs a joint resolution (H. R. No. 21)2) direct-
ing the Secretary of War to sell damaged or
unserviceable arms, ordnance, and ordnance
stores. This is a measure of very consider-
able importance to the Treasury, and 1 trust
there will be no objection to allowing it to be
reported now.
Mr. SCOBTELD. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. In order to_ encourage
gentlemen to come here this evening I move
that the House now take its recess.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
took a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock the House reas-
sembled in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. pojieroy in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, beingthe bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce
into one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will continue
the reading of the bill where he left off yes-
terday.
The Clerk read as follows :
Power of attorney for the sale or transfer of any
stock, bonds, or scrip, or for the collection of any
dividends or interest thereon, twenty-five cents.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Power of attorney or proxy for voting at any elec-
tion for officers of any incorporated company or so-
ciety, except religious, eharitable, or literary socie-
ties, or public cemeteries, ten cents.
Mr. BARNES. I move to strike, that par-
agraph out of the bill. This proposes to bring
in a very small revenue and is obtained At
great inconvenience. This issuing of proxies
at any election can only be done immediately
before the election. The shareholders of .a
stock company are distributed in the different
sections of the country. Many of them are
unacquainted with the character of the stamp
the law requires, and when the shareholders
meet for an election this is the cause of a very
great deal of confusion. I submit to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether it is nec$S-
