3100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
sary to continue the stamp tax upon these
proxies.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to oppose the
amendment, and I hope that it will not prevail.
The question was taken ; and the amend*
ment was rejected.
No fulther amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Powerof attorney toreceiveorcollectrent, twenty-
five cents.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Power of attorney to sell and convey real estate,
or to rent or lease the same, one dollar.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Power of attorney for any other purpose, fifty
cents.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Probate of will, or letters of administration:
"Wheretheestate andoffectsfor or inre^peetof which
such probate or letters of administration appliedfor
shall be sworn or declared not to exceed the valuo
of $2,000, one dollar. Exceeding $2,000, for every
additional $1,000 or fractional port thereof, in excess
of $2,000, fifty ccnts: Provided, That no stamp, either
for probate of vvlls. or letters testamentary, or of
administration, or on administrator or guardian
bond, shall be required when the value of the estate
and effeets, real and personal, doesnotexeeed$l,000:
Provided, further, Thatnostamptaxshall be required
upon ajiy papers necessary to be used for the collec-
tion from the Government of claims by soldiers or
their legal representatives of the United States, for
pensions, back pay, bounty, or for property lost in
the servicc.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Protest. Upon the protest of every note, bill of
exchange, acceptance, check, ordraft.or anymarine
protest, whether protested by a notary public or by
any other officer who may be authorized by the laws
of any State or States to mako such protest, twenty-
five cents.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
Receipts for any sum exceeding twenty dollars in
amount, not being for the satisfaction of any mort-
gage or judgment, or decree of any court, or by in-
dorsement on any stamped obligation in acknowl-
edgment of its fulfillment, for cach lcccipt, two
ccnts: but when more than one signature is affixed
to tli c same paper, one ormoro stamps may be affixed
thereto, representing the whole amount required for
such signatures.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out
"twenty dollars" and in lieu thereof to insert
"fifty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to strike out the
whole ptiragiaph. I should like to see this
tax dispensed with, for there is nothing more
annoying than this two-cent tax. I do not
know what revenue it brings in, but I do not
think it can amount to much. There is no
part of the stamp law that is so much found
fault with as this two-cent stamp.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have amended the
bill by saying that no tax shall be required on
receipts for an amount under fifty dollars in-
stead of twenty dollars. It is the stamps upon
smaller receipts that cause annoyance.
Mr. MILLER. How much is received from
stamps ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Eighteen million dollars
in the gross. It is $2,000,000 from these two-
cent, stamps.
Mr. MLLLER. I withdraw the amendment.
"VVe must have revenue.
Mr. GETZ. I renew the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out the latter
portion of the paragraph after the words "two
cents." The reason I do it is simply this.
These receipts are made all over the country,
and it makes no difference which the sum is,
fifty dollars or five dollars, except that there
are less at five dollars. But in the rural dis
tricts, where men give receipts, they cannot
get the stamps without more expense than
tliey are worth. There is no tax in the whole
bill, from page one to page three hundred and
sixty, that gives so much dissatisfaction as this
two-cent tax. I had hoped that the chairman
of the committee would himself have moved
to strike out this paragraph and let it go. It
will do more to satisfy the people than any-
thing, and will save a great annoyance.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman did not move
to strike out the whole paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That was moved and
withdrawn.
Mr. PRICE. Then I modify my amend-
ment so as to include the whole paragraph.
1 thought I had accomplished it. I do not
wish to embarrass the bill nor to take up the
time of the committee, but I do think the par-
agraph ought to be stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have to repeat what I
have said before, that the committee have no
more interest in this matter than the gentle-
men themselves. Our only desire is to col-
lect the revenue. All taxes are inconvenient
and this among the rest. But we have en-
deavored to avoid a great sourc.e of inconven-
ience by raising, as gentlemen will see, the
amount of receipt to fifty dollars, no stamp
being required on any sum below that.
Mr. MILLER. 1 suggest to make the
amount $100.
Mr. PRICE. No; strike it all out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 103. Andbe it further enacted. That in any and
all cases where an adhesive stamp shall be used for
denoting the payment of any tax imposed by law,
except as may bo otherwise provided, the person
making, delivering, or giving tho instrument, mat-
ter, or thing to bo taxed shall affix the stamp and
cancel the sumo by writing thereon the initials of his
name and the dato upon which the same shall be
affixed or used, so that the same may not again be
used, or in such other manner as the Commissioner
oflnternat Revenue inay by general regulation pre-
scribe.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words "affix the stamp and cancel the same
by writing thereon," and inserting in lieu
thereof tho following:
To affix the stamp or stamps denotingsaid tax that
the entire surface thereof shall be exposed to view,
and shall cancel the same by writing with ink upon
each and every stamp so used.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by adding
the words by inserting " in words or printing.''
It is very common to print.
Mr. BARNES. Stamping.
Mr. SCHENCK. The last clause of the
section reads, "or in such manner as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may by general
regulation prescribe." The report of the scien-
titic commission says the surest way is to have
the stamps made of gum and ink which will
be erased when it is attempted to be washed
out, and to have the canceling done in writ-
ing, and we have left it discretionary with the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to allow it
to be done by a machine, or in some other
way.
Mr. PETERS. Most of the business houses
do it by printing.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not always; the surest
way i ; by ink.
Mr. PETERS. It is done by a machine.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is permitted, al-
though the other is a regular way. The pur-
pose for which wo require the whole surface
of the stamp to be visible is simply this : we
find in Philadelphia, for instance, a man
engaged in putting up patent medicine where
he is required to put on a four-cent stamp. He
takes two two-cent stamps, cuts them in two,
and uses two halves, so as to show only the
edges of them, making them look as if they
were two whole stamps. Then he uses the other
two halves on another package.
Mr. BARNES. I desire to ask a question.
The phraseology of this section applies to
instruments, while the remarks of the chair-
man of the committee apply to articles also.
Mr. SCHENCK. The language is " instru-
ment, matter, or things." That will take in any
other thing.
Mr. BARNES. I move to strikeoutthe sec-
tion tor the purpose of offering a suggestion.
It seems to me that where articles are multi-
plied as often as they are in some branches of
business to which stamps are applicable, it
would be a matter of impracticability—I might
almost say an impossibility—to cancel the
stamps in writing. It would require in some
establishments in the country a large force of
employ6s to do this kind of work. I presume
that there are in Philadelphia, to which the
gentleman has referred, establishments that
could not cancel the stamps required by this
law without the employment of fifty persons.
This section gives power to the Commissioner
to devise other means of cancellation, and it
may be that he will not require it to be done
in writing; but if he should, I do not see how
it could be done. If I understand the present
law this power exists with the Commissioner,
and he decides that printing and stamping may
be done.
Mr. GRISWOLD. The gentleman, I appre-
hend, does not understand this section. If he
will look at the last two lines of the paragraph,
he will see that it leaves the Commissioner at
liberty to allow them to be cameled in some
other way.
The question was taken on Mr. Barnes's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sku.104. And be it further enacted, That the acceptor
of any bill of exchange or order for the payment of
any sum of money drawn, or purporting to be drawn,
in any foreign country, but payable in the United
States, shall, before paying or accepting the same,
place thereon a stamp lor the proper amount of tax,
and. cancel the same, as the law requires for inland
bills of exchange or promissory notes; and no bill
of exchange shall be paid or negotiated withoutsuch
stamp; and if any person shall pay or negotiate, or
offer in payment, or receive, or take in payment any
such draft or order, he shall bo liable to a penalty of
$200.
No amendment was offered ; and the next
section was read, as follows:
Sec. 105. And be it further enacted. That no stamp
tax shall be required on official instruments, docu-
ments, and papers issued by the officers of the United
States Government or of any State, county, town, or
other municipal corporation, in the exercise of func-
tions strictly belonging to them in their ordinary gov-
ernmental and municipal capacity; nor on affidavits,
nor on powers of attorney, or any other paper relating
to applications for bounty, arrearages of pay, or pen-
sions,or to thereceipt thereof; nor upon tieketsoreon-
tractsof insurance when limited to accidental injury
to persons, nor on certificates of the measurement or
weight of animals.wood, coal, or hay; nor on deposit
notes to mutual insurance companies, for insurance
upon which policies subject to stamp taxes have been
or are to be issued; nor on manifests, bills of lading,
or passage tickets, by steamboats or vessels plying
between portsoi'the United States and ports of Brit-
ish North America, on the lakes or other inland
waters dividing that country from the United States:
nor on any certificate of therecord of a deed or other
instrument in writing, or of the acknowledgment
or proof thereof by attesting witnesses, nor to any
indorsement of a .negotiable instrument, nor on any
warranty of attorney accompanying a bond or note,
when such bond or note shall have atlixed thereto
the stamp or stamps denoting the tax required; and
whenever any bond or note shall be secured by a
mortgage, but one stamp shall be required to be
placed on such papers, but the stamp placed thereon
shall be for the largest amount required for either of
said instruments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the following
amendment:
Page 154, section one hundred and five, at the end
of line twenty, insert the following: "Nor on any
duplicate or copy of any instrument in writing re-
tained by the person making, deliveiing, or giving
the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 106. And be it further enacted, That any person
who, with intent to evade the tax thereon, shall
make, sign, or issue, or cause to bo made, signed, or
issued, any instrument, document, or paper of any
kind or description whatsoever, or accept, negotiate,
or pay, or cause to be acecpted, negotiated, or paid,
any bill of exchange, draft, or order, or promissory
note for the payment of money, without the same
being duly stamped, and the stamp thereon canceled
as required by law, shall, for every such offense, for-
feit the sum of fifty dollars; and such instrument,
document, or paper, bill, draft, order, or note, not
being stamped according to law, shall be deemed in-
valid and of no effect: Provided, That the title of a
purchaser of land by deed duly stamped shall not be
defeated or affected by the want of a proper stamp
on any deed conveying said land by any person,
from, through, or under whom his grantor claims or
holds title.
Sir. SPALDING. I move to amend that
section by inserting before the word "any," on
line fourteen, the words " contractor;" so that
