1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1050
made so by the loss of loved ones who perished
in battle. And by its continued opposition to
the reconstruction of the seceded States and
its attacks upon the Government securities the
people will hold it responsible for all our pres-
ent domestic and financial troubles that are so
sorely afflicting the country.
Now, Mr. Chairman, having in connection
■with this financial question discussed pretty
fully the action of the Democratic party, and
shown that its favorite schemes upon that sub-
ject, if carried out, will not only not benefit
the country but greatly injure it, I now briefly
propose to indicate my own views as to what
should be done by Congress, not only for the
present relief but for the future and permanent
prosperity of the country.
First We should only levy taxes enough to
pay the interest upon our public debt and the
current expenses of the Government, and leave
the payment of the principal until the country
is fully restored and again in prosperous con-
dition, so that all parts of it can equally pay
their portion of it.
Second. That these taxes should not be
levied so as to make every man pay according
to his worth ; but they should be levied exclu-
sively upon the luxuries, the favored classes,
and the wealth of the country; doing away
with all stamps except where placed upon lux-
uries, and removing the tax from the laboring
and producing interests of the country, so that
the tax will not fall upon the poor men, but
will be borne by those who will not feel its
weight.
Third. We should declare all of our five-
twenty bonds, which are payable at the pleasure
of the Government five years from their date,
due and payable from that time, and payable
at their face in the lawful currency of the Uni-
ted States, or exchangeable at the pleasure of
the holders into bonds due not less than fifty
years from date, (but better if due at no stated
period,) but payable at the pleasure of the Gov-
ernment afterten years from their date. These
bonds should bear six per cent, interest paya-
ble semi-annually, and the principal and inter-
est payable in coin. They should be of such
denomination as the Secretary of the Treasury
might prescribe and issued from time to time as
needed ; they should not be sold, but only ex-
changed in equal amounts for our other bonds.
These bonds shouftl be made exempt from all
State, municipal, and local taxation; and in
consideration of such exemption one sixth of
the interest on the same should be retained by
the Secretary of the Treasury, which sum by
him should be in lawful money semi-annually
distributed to each of the States according to
their population.
The benefits to be derived from this provision
would be, first, a settlement of the question as
to how the Government intends paying her five-
twenty bonds, which form about five sixths of
our whole bonded debt; and second, it stops
all further uneasiness upon the part of the
bondholders that they are to be paid in depre-
ciated currency, for by this provision they
have their choice to either accept the currency
of the country for their bonds or exchange
them for the six per cent, gold bonds, subject
to a tax of one per cent, for the benefit of the
States. This provision will also increase the
currency of the country, without deprecia-
ting it, as it makes it discretionary and not
compulsory with the bondholders to accept cur-
rency for their bonds. I have no doubt but what
many will for tfie present prefer currency as
the country now has too little, but the moment
that, the country gets enough so that it would
commence depreciating, the bondholder is not
then compelled to accept it but can exchange
forthegold bonds. To prevent the bondholders
;is well as the country being injured by Hooding
it with too much currency i put in the provis-
ion that these long bonds cannot be sold but
can only be exchanged for our present bonds;
for if they could be sold by the Government,
ninny individuals would, under my system, take
greenbacks in such quantities as to inflate the
currency of the country injuriously, knowing
that they could exchange them for these long
gold bonds at their pleasure. To prevent that!
require the party in the first instance to make
his choice, which, I think, will operate bene-
ficially to all, as it will insure enough money to
answer the wants of the country and not enough
to flood and destroy it. In other words we give
my old Christian friend a growing shower for
his corn, and not a Democratic flood to drown
it out.
Some may urge that this is repudiation and
treating our bondholders unfairly. I insist that
it is not, fortius reason: According to the terms
of our agreement the Government has the right
to redeem these five-twenty bonds at its pleas-
ure after five years from their dates. In this
it is doing nothing more than carrying out
that agreement. The only difference of opinion
is as to whether iUis bound to pay in coin or
currency. I know some insist in coin and give
very good reasons for it. I insist in currency
and give I think better ones for my opin-
ion. It is certain that the contract does not say
that we are to pay in coin, and as there is this
difference of opinion throughout the country
honestly entertained, I feel that it is the duty
of all to yield a little and not undertake to force
matters to either extreme of payingall in coin,
for that would give great dissatisfaction to the
country and end in bad results, or to issue and
pay all in currency, for that would bring dis-
aster and ruin upon the people.
The country desires to return to specie pay-
ments at as early a peiiod as possible, and to
have her finances placed upon a permanent
basis. It can do neither until this question
of taxing bonds and issuing greenbacks to pay
them off is settled, and settled in such a way
as to do equal justice to ourselves and our cred-
itors. The country is also unwilling longer to
pay a six per cent, interest in gold, and is
therefore desirous of cither paying off its debt
or placing it at a lower interest. It is willing
to pay it in the lawful currency of the country,
or exchange it into six per cent, gold bonds,
taxable by the Government for the benefit of
the States. These bonds will always be par
bonds 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. 1 would ask
my colleague whether the bond that he pro-
poses is not the same as the ten-forty bond we
now have, five per cent, interest, and principal
payable in gold ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is substantially the same
as the ten-forty bond except that the interest is
payable semi-annually.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. What is
that bond worth now in the market?
Mr. HUNTER. It is at par.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I think a
little more.
Mr. HUNTER. It is worth above par when
the interest is about payable ; when the cou-
pons are cut off it is below par. It is, there-
fore, about a par bond.
The currency that we pay such of our bond-
holders as desire it for their bonds, they can loan
on the best freehold security at ten per cent, in-
terest, or even more, almost anywhere in the
United States. So that when we make provis-
ion to pay our creditors either in currency orgold
bonds at their pleasure as above stated, I do
not feel that any one should think we are guilty
of repudiation or unfair dealing with our cred-
itors. If the question is not now settled def-
initely so as to give satisfaction to the whole
country and be taken entirely out of politics, I
fear the results will be disastrous to our finances
and in the end injurious to our creditors.
Third. Another advantage we gain by this
proposition is, we get our debt funded and save
one sixth of the interest; this interest to be dis-
tributed among the States according to popu-
lation, which would give to each State an amount
sufficient to pay its State tax, and thereby re-
lieve the great mass of the people of each State
of a heavy burden. Some object to thus dis-
tributing the interest to the different States,
according to population, for the reason, they
say, it is unjust to the States in which the
bondholders reside, and if any distribution is
made that it should go to those States exclti*
sively.
I think, Mr. Chairman, when this question
is investigated it will be found that distribu-
tion according to population is the only just
and equitable way that it can be made; for,
this reason: the money that is distributed
does not come from the people of the States
where the bondholders reside exclusively, but
it comes from the people of all the States, and
is raised by a tax, not from the bondholders,
but principally from the luxuries of the coun-
try, such as whisky and tobacco. If it comes,
then, mostly from the luxuries, who pays it?
It is paid by the consumer of these articles.
I do not know that it is any credit to us, but
I must insist that the'people West and South
consume about as much of these luxuries ac-
cording to population as the people of the
States in which those bondholders reside. If the
people of the States, then, in which the bond-
holders do not live pay as much of these taxes
in proportion to their population as the people
of the States where they do, then I ask is it
fair to confine the distribution of this tax, that
comes from the people of all the States, to the
people of those States where the bondholders
reside ? I insist that it is not, and the only fair
way that tha distribution cau be made is to
give to each State according to population. If
that is not done then you really compel the
people West and South to pay much more of
this tax in proportion to their population than
they reccive baek, but if you make the dis-
tribution according to population then all will
receive equally and fairly according to the
amount paid by them. Some urge that to dis-
tribute according to my plan it will be un-
just to the North and will be really taxing the
North to pay to the South. I cannot look at
it in that light. If these southern people con-
sume their proportion of these luxuries that
pay this tax, which I am satisfied they will, I see
no good reason why they should not have their
proportion of the distribution ; and as we are
now reconstructing them, and will soon, J hope,
have them ail back into th.e Union with con-
stitutions republican in form, we must pass
general and not sectional laws.
Others who are opposed to this distribution
insist that it is a great humbug, andnothing
more nor less than collecting a tax from the
people and then paying them back with the
same money. I look at it very differently ;
and when the principle is once put into prae-
ticc gentlemen will find that it will operate very
satisfactorily with the tax payers of the coun-
try, for the reason the tax, as I said before,
conies principally from luxuries and is paid by
the consumer, and is, therefore, paid as a mat-
ter of choice and not of compulsion. The hon-
est, hard-working farmer, laborer, and me-
chanic, who consume none of these luxuries,
pay none of this tax, but derive an advan-
tage from its distribution, for out of this money
so distributed to the State their taxes are paid,
and they are relieved of a very heavy burden,
and in that way it becomes a blessing to the
great mass of people of each State.
Others insist that the country gains nothing
by thus funding our bonds and distributing
this interest. It gains just this much: these
bonds now bear six per cent, interest in gold,
except the seven-thirties, and they soon will,
as they are convertible into five-twenties; so
if they are not exchanged for these long bonds
all that six per cent, goes to the bondholders,
whereas by funding the debt into these lcmg
bonds we give to the bondholder only five per
cent., and with die other une per cent, pay the
State tax for the people of every State in the
Union, an item that is gained by honest legis-
lation and is of the highest importance to the
people, and will do more towaid giving repose
to the country than almost any act that can or
will be passed by the present Congress. Some
urge that the one per cent, is not enough lor
the bondholder to pay; that that does not
make his tax equal to the local taxation through-
out the country, and, therefore, it is_ unjust to
the men who own real estate. I think, when
