1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2083
that the conduct of this British master was
such as to call for a proper recognition on the
part of the Government of this country. He
was master of the brigantine J. & G. Wright,
and in the course of his voyage they encoun-
tered the wreck under circumstances which
made it exceedingly perilous for any person, to
lea 7e the vessel commanded by Captain Wright.
It was ascertained that there were three per-
sons on the wreck, which was entirely dis-
mantled. The sea was running so roughly that
the mate of the brig declined to leave the ves-
sel for the purpose of going to the wreck.
Under these circumstances Captain Wright
himself went in a boat and at great peril of his
life succeeded in rescuing from the wreck three
American seamen and returned them to their
homes. It was an act which we have always
been glad to recognize. This joint resolution
is in the usual form, simply authorizing the
presentation to him of a chronometer, in token
of our appreciation of his gallant act.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed unanimously.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fokxey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 366) regu-
lating the presentation of bills to the President
of the United States and the return of the
same, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
IIYGEIA HOTEL FORTRESS MONROE.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military Af-
faire, a joint resolution in relation to an exten-
sion of the Hygeia Hotel, at Fortress Monroe,
Virginia.
The joint resolution was read. Itauthorizes
the Secretary of War to grant permission to
Henry Clarke, proprietor of the HygeiaHotel,
at Fortress Monroe, Virginia, to enlarge the
same; the whole lot on which said hotel is built
being about onehundred feet front, andtheim-
provement intended to be made only taking up
forty feet of said front; also running the eaves
of the roof to make it a flat instead of an in-
clined one, that being the form approved by
Major General Schofield, commanding the first
military district; Major General Humphreys,
chief of engineers ; and General Grant; pro-
vided that such enlargement or improvement,
and any building hereafter erected by any per-
son or persons upon the land of the United
States at Fortress Monroe, shall be at once re-
moved at the expense of the respective owners
whenever the Seeietary of War shall deem
such removal necessary, and that no claim fgr
damages therefor shall be made upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. IiOSS. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say that this
joint resolution is precisely like one passed a
few days ago.
Mr. ROSS. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been
made, the joint resolution is not before the
House.
PRESIBENTIAL ELECTORS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will try once more. I
ask leave to submit the following resolution for
consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law lor the settlement of con tested elections for
electors of the President and Vice President of the
United States, and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
Air. ROSS. I object to that resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] allow me to make a sug-
gestion ?
Mr. ROSS. I will hear it.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is now no law,
and there never has been a law, providing what
shall be done in case of a contested election
of presidential electors. It seems to me it
would be a great calamity should the time ever
come when one State of the Union, perhaps
holding the balance of power, should appear
in the Electoral College by two sets of electors
claiming to be duly elected, and there was no
provision of law to settle the question.
Mr. ROSS. Let the resolution be again
read.
The resolution was read.
Mr. ROSS. I withdraw my objection.
The resolution was received and adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
.SMALL UNITED STATES NOTES.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following preamble and
resolution for consideration at this time:
'Whereas there is a scarcity throughout the coun-
try of notes of a small denomination, both of the
national banks and of the United States legal-tender
notes, especially embarrassing to the people: There-
fore,
Be it resolved by this House, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, requested to issue
an amount of United States notes of the denomina-
tion of ones and twos sufficient to supply the present
deficiency in exchange for United States notes of a
largerdenomination andm makingpaymcnts author-
ised by law.
Mr. GARFIELD and Mr. SPALDING ob-
jected.
Mr. BLAINE. It does not increase the cir-
culation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. SPALDING. I do not.
SURPLUS MAKliLE, ETC., FOR CAPITOL.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following preamble and resolution
for consideration at this time:
Whereas in the erection of the Capitol of tho United
States a very large amount of marble has been left
over in consequence of imperfections inthernaterial,
or by reason of too largo an amount having been pur-
chased for the building aforesaid; and whereas much
waste and loss is likely to accrue to the Government
on account of the scattered and unprotected condi-
tion of this property: Therefore.
Be it resolved. That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to inquire whether
there is not more marble in the open grounds and
streetsabout the Capitol than is requiredfor the com-
pletion of the public buildings, and whether the in-
terest of the Government does not require that the
surplus marble, and tho iron railing recently removed
from the^oid Hall, and all such otner materials as are I
not required for tho above purpose, be sold at public
auction, after due notice, to the highest bidder, and to
report to the House by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ROSS. I suggest that, so far as fixe
building material is concerned, we need that
in Illinois in erecting our new capitol, and it
had better not be sold. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the resolution?
Mr. ROSS. No, sir. _
There being no objection, the preamble and
resolution were considered and agreed to.
t)llDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, is there any
regular order?
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
business of the morning hour.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. 1 would like to get at it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I have a
proposition to submit in regard to the consid-
eration, to-morrow, of the bill relative to the
taxation of manufactures. That bill would come
up regularly in the morning hour; but as I desire
that there shall be some few hours allowed
for debate upon the bill, if such be the wish
of the House, I suggest that by unanimous con-
sent the bill be assigned as preferred business,
to come up immediately after the morning
hour, thus clearing the way for other commit-
tees to report during the morning hour. Ji'
this proposition be not assented to, then we
shall have-to occupy with this bill tho morning
hour to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that the arrange-
ment proposed by my colleague [Mr. SchengkI
will be agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. But, Mr. Speaker, I make
this proposition with the understanding that
the bill will certainly come up immediately
after the morning hour. If there is anything
in tho way of that, I shall insist on the bill re-
taining its place in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It is imposible for the
Chair to state with certainty whether anything
will interfere with this bill, if it be fixed as the
business immediately after the morning hoar.
If the House should adjourn upon some other
business that would interfere ; or if the Com-
mittee of Elections should call up a question
of privilege that also would interfere. But the
Chair supposes that neither of those things will
occur, and that there will be a morning hoar
to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. And then this will be the
first business after the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. If the House grants its
consent. Is there objection to the understand-
ing that the bill (H. R. No. 900) relative to tax
on certain manufactures shall be taken up imme-
diately after the morning hour to-morrow?
Mr. FARNSWOIiTH. I believe I must
object.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move, then, that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Silas
M. Garrison, and numerous other citizens of
Winston county, Alabama, praying for certain
amendments to the homestead law.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: A petition from the
cigar-makers of Hannibal, Missouri, in rela-
tion to the tax on cigars.
By Mr. DRIGGS : The petition of E. G.
Merick, John A. Sloan, and 50 merchants,
shipowners, and lake captains, praying for a
light-house at Ausable, Lake Huron, Mich-
igan.
Also, the petition of John S. Tully, register
United States land office at New Orleans,
praying Congress for relief.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of
Ilenry J. Hunt, asking that a pension may be
granted to Mrs. A. Suelling Chaplin.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of Eliza-
beth Richardson, for pension.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Rowland
Johnson, recommending the new Territory to
be organized from Dakota to be named Lin-
coln.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of Alinzor
Clark, for a renewal of patent No. 7134, issued
March 5, 1850.
By Mr. IvETCHAM : The petition of Sarah
E. Ball, widow of James Ball, praying for a
pension.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of 82 citi-
zens and firms in the city of Philadelphia,
engaged in coffee-roasting and dealing in _
coffee, complaining that now they are obliged s
to be the collectors of taxes, and asking either
that the additional duty or tax of one cent per
pound upon roasted coffee be altogether taken
off, or that the said tax be transferred to the
coffee in its freshly-imported state, and that
such coffee be made to bear the entire tax in-
stead of its being laid, as now, partly upon the
green and partly upon the roasted coffee.
By Mr. PAINE: A memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of Milwaukee,
asking for the enactment of a law to provide
that imported merchandise received at any
part of the United States and directed by in-
voice and bill of lading to any other port of
entry, may be forwarded for entry to the custom-
house of the port of destination withoutentry,
