THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Representatives, discharged this duty as his
oath of office requires, but has disregarded the
law and defied its authority. For his failure
to discharge it, for his acts of positive trans-
gression of the laws of the land, he is arraigned
at the bar of the Senate, and presenting answer,
justifies the acts which make up his grave
offenses, claims the right to repeat and extend
them, and now asks for time that he may fur-
ther imperil the nation while lie endeavors to
make good liis unlawful assumptions of power,
in the meantime holding in his hands, under
and by virtue of the Constitution, the executive
power of the Republic. No provision having
been made for its temporary surrender, he re-
tains that power, disturbing the repose of the
country and interfering with every interest of
business and trade and commerce, by prolong-
ing this unfortunate conflict between the two
departments of the Government.
Mr. President and Senators, we feel it to be
our most solemn duty to urge upon you, in the
name of the Representatives of the people, and
of the people themselves, that speedy progress
toward a conclusion of this case which shall
guard the rights and the interests of the people,
their laws and their government, and at the
same time observe with reasonable care the
rights belonging to the respondent. The pres-
ent application for delay is without precedent
in the cases heretofore tried by the Senate;
and were it not for the order adopted by this
body on the 13th instant, which now must be
regarded as a rule, this application could not
be made, as that rule is the only thing which
takes this case out of the line of precedents to
which I have referred. It, should have been
coupled with the other motion made before the
adoption of the rule, and the whole case so fur
as respects causes of delays in this proceeding
disclosed at the threshold. The following
order constitutes the rule to which I refer :
"Ordered, That unless otherwise ordered by the
Senate tor cause shown, the tri:tl of the pending im-
peachment shall proceed immediately alter replica-
tion shall be filed."
Now, J submit that the "cause shown" in
this application is not such cause as will justify
the Senate in the exorcise of a sound discre-
tion in granting the time which has been asked
for by the respondent to enable him to prepare
for trial. It does not show cause of substance,
and presents mere questions of convenience.
Mr. 110 WARD. Will the Manager please
read that order again?
Mr. Manager WILSON. " Ordered, That
unless otherwise ordered by the Senate lor
cause shown, the trial of the pending impeach-
ment shall proceed immediately afcer replica-
tion shall be tiled."
It will be observed- the interruption sug-
gests it to my mind—that in view of this rule
the Senate cannot, with duo regard to its own
action, grant this extension of time, because a
sound discretion cannot be exercised under the
rule and upon this application nntil_ issue be
joined between the people and their Repre-
sentatives and the respondent, though we waive
this objection in the interest of the economy of
time. But, as I have said, this application,
considered now or at any other time, must be
addressed to the sound discretion of the Senate,
and it is for us to remember that a sound dis-
cretion acts not without rule to guide it. The
discretion to which such motions are addressed
must be directed by law—*'it must be gov-
erned by role, not by humor; it must not be
arbitrary, vague, and fanciful, but legal and
regular."
And I therefore deny that the application
and the statements therein contained do or
cau convey to the mind of this Senate that
view of this case which must be presented by
the respondent in order to justify you in saying,
upon the exercise of a sound discretion, that
one hour's delay should be granted : for there
is nothing of a substantive character affecting
the meiits of the case disclosed upon which it
can act.
"What is the application ? It is substantially
that counsel have not had time to prepare and
become familiar with the case, therefore they
must be allowed opportunity to educate them-
selves in the particular matter committed to
their charge. I apprehend that that is not
good cause upon which this Senate may act
and grant the prayer of this present applica-
tion. More than that, it will be observed that
the respondent has been carefully kept out of
this case on these motions. In all other cases
in this country of which I have any knowledge,
the respondent has asked in his own name,
supporting his request by his affidavit, for de-
lay of proceedings ; judges summoned from
the bcnch and brought to this bar have pre-
sented their petitions in person, supported by
their solemn affidavits, and asked upon the
facts stated by them, covering and disclosing
all of the features of their eases, and unfolding
their line of defense, a reasonable time in
which to prepare answer and to prepare for
trial. But it is not so here; and we have to
ask that while this case is thus kept out of the
ordinary rule and uniform practice of former
cases, the Senate will regard in some degree
the voice of the Representatives as presented
by the Managers, and put this respondent upon
his speedy trial, to the end that peace may be
restored to the country by the healing efficacy
of a determination of this prosecution—the
restoration of harmony between the two con-
tending departments of the Government, and
to the further end that all things may again
move on in this land as they were accustomed
in the times before this unfortunate conflict
and its disturbing results occurred. There-
fore, Senators, in the name of the House of
Representatives, and of the people in whose
names they have acted in this behalf, we ask
that this application, as it is now presented and
considered, may be denied by the Senate.
Mr. STANB15RY. Mr. Chief Justice, on
the 13th instant, when we entered our appear-
ance, and when we supposed we had nothing to
do but to enter our appearance and ask tor
time to answer, the honorable court made an
order that, we should have until the 23d, this
day, to file our answer. They gave to the
Managers leave to file replication, without
limiting them at, all as to time, but provided
that upon the filing of the replication the case
should proceed to trial unless reasonable cause
should be shown for further delay. Then the
honorable court meant us to have time to pre-
pare for trial if we reasonably showed that it
was necessary.
Now, what has happened, Mr. Chief Justice?
What has been stated to this honorable court,
composed in a great measure of members of
the bar. by members of the bar that 1 hope
have sufficient standing with this couit to have
some credit, at least, for professional state-
ments made upon their honor? What have
we stated ? That since we had this leave every
hour and every moment has been occupied
with the pleadings; not an instant lost, not a
counsel absent. We have refused all other
occupation : we have devoted ourselves ex-
clusively to this day and night, and I am sorry
to be obliged to sa.y two days sacred to other
duty. There has been not a moment's delay.
And how has this time been occupied, Mr.
Chief Justice ? Occupied, every instant of it,
in the preparation of this answer. Allow me
to say to the honorable court that it was not
until fifteen minutes before we came here that
our document was ready.
Certainly it was intended on the 13th to give
us time no't merely to prepare our answer, but
to prepare for that still more material thing,
the trial. And now 1 hope I shall obtain credit
with the honorable court when 1 say that we
have been so pressed with this duty of making
up the issue and preparing the answer that we
have not had an opportunity of asking the
President ''What witnesses will you have?"
Nay, we have been so pressed that to the com-
munications which we have received from the
honorable Managers in regard to admissions
and to facilitate proof we have been obliged
to say, in reply, " Wo have not, gentlemen, as
yet, a moment's time to consider your com-
munications." All we know of this case is
that it refers to transactions not only here, but
at Cleveland and St. Louis, at distant points.
They have sent us a list of" witnesses who are
to come from thesg various places as to matters
in regard -to which they expect to make-proof
against us as to what was said and done at those
places, and as yet I do not know a single wit-
ness whom the President wants to call in his
defense. I know that he wants to call wit-
nesses, but I have not yet had an opportunity
of knowing who those witnesses are. We .have
not subpoenaed one. We do not know the
name of any one except those who happen to
live here whom we shall want, nor which of
them.
Now mark, all this time the advantage that
the honorable Managers have had over us. As
I understand it, and I suppose it will not be
denied, almost every day since they have been
engaged in the preparation for the trial. Their
articles were framed long ago. While we were
engaged in preparing ouranswerthey have been,
as i understand, most industriously engaged in
preparing the witnesses. Day after uay wit-
nesses have been called before them and testi-
mony taken. We have had no such power;
we have had no such opportunity—not the
slightest. We are here without any prepara-
tion in the way of witnesses, without having
had a moment to consult with our client or
among ourselves.
The gentlemen say that our anxiety is to pre-
pare ourselves, whereas they are already pre-
pared, completely prepared, so far as counsel
need prepare themselves. I am very happy to
hear that they are. I should be very far from
saying that I am equally prepared. I have had
no time to look to anything else except this
necessary and all-absorbing duty which we
have just completed. Now, if the Senate say
we shall go on when this replication comes in,
which, I am told, is to come in to-morrow,
they will put me in a position that, I have never
been in before in all my practice anywhere,
with a client and a case and a formidable array
against me, and yet not a witness summoned,
not a document prepared—all unarmed and
defenseless.
I beg this honorable court to treat us with
some leniency, to give us time. If you cannot
give us all we ask give us, at least, some time
within which, by the utmost diligence, we can
make that preparation we deem to be useful,
and without which we are unsafe and unpre-
pared.
The gentlemen complain that we ought to
have been ready on the 13th. They read
against us a rule that that was the day fixed
for not only the appearance but the filing of
the answer. What! They read out of a rule
that old formula that has come down to us for
five hundred years, the order to "appear and
answer"—the same language which was
adopted atthat early time when pleadings were
ore lenus and by parol, when the defendant
was called and answered immediately. But
even our old independent and sturdy ancestors
would not answer on that day, although they
were to answer by word of mouth; and we
know that always they demanded time and
always had time, "leave to imparl" a day
to answer.
Wre have preserved the same phraseology in
our subsequent proceedings. The summons
is still to a defendant "You are hereby sum-
moned to appear on such a day and answer;"
but whoever supposed he was then to file his
answer? What lawyer that ever wrote a dec-
laration does not recollect, the beginning of it,
" The defendant was summoned to appear and
I answer;" and yet every lawyer knows that the
| time for the defendant's answer lias not yet
| come. Well, our answer has been presented.
' No day lias yet peremptorily been fixed for
trial. The Senate said to us, "You shall go
to trial when the replication is filed, provided
you do not show good cause." The cause we
show is, may it please the honorable court,
i that we have not had one moment's time to
I prepare for trial.
