io m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
the question is once examined, it will be found
that one per cent, in gold, equal to $1 40
upon $100 in currency, and that, too, upon the
full value of the bond, will be equal to the tax-
ation' upon real estate anywhere in the United
States. So far as ray information goes, I do
not know of a single instance where the owner
of real estate will take for it in cash double the
amount for which it is assessed for taxes; so
tint real estate that is assessed at only half its
value for taxation—and I insist that there is
none that exceeds that—would have to pay $2 80
upon $100 to equal the tax of one per cent, on
the bonds. In other words, the bonds pay one
sixth of all they make upon the full value. I
would like to know what property, real or per-
sonal, throughout the country that pays more
than one sixth of its entire income for taxes ?
Let any gentleman answer it who can.
Some urge that we should not give bonds
payable in coin for these five-twenty bonds, but
should give bonds payable in currency. I
imagine in the end that it will really make no
difference, but by making them payable in coin
will prove a benefit for the reason, in five years
from this date our currency will be equal to
gold if we fund our bonds so as to return to
specie payments by thai time ; then it will be
immaterial to us whether they are payable in
coin or currency ; but by making them payable
in coin we give stability to our finances and stop
all talk of issuing greenbacks to pay them off.
Interest is the great item with us, and by thus
funding our bonds we lower it and get time on
our debt. I have put the bond at five per cent.,
one per cent, being retained for taxes. If that
is not low enough to make it a par bond when
we shall have resumed specie payments then I
would say go lower. A par bond is what we
want, and with that we sustain the honor and
credit of the Government.
Fourth. Provision should be made so that
holders of our gold bends, being the ten-forty
bonds and those that were issued in 1861, might
within a certain time have the privilege of
exchanging them into the long bonds above
provided for; and. in case they are not so
exchanged then they shall also be taxed in like
manner as the long bonds.
Fifth. For the purpose of insuring a com-
plete funding or payment of all bonds and obli-
gations against the United States, except the
United States notes known as greenbacks, and
the gold bonds mentioned in the fourth specifi-
cation above, and such other obligations where
the Government expressly agreed to pay coin,
the Secretary of the Treasury should be re-
quired to give notice to holders of all such to
present them for payment or exchange at matu-
rity, and the five-twenty bonds should be de-
clared due five years from their dates, and all such
as are not above excepted, which are drawing
interest and which shall not be presented within
six months after such notice if due. or within six
months after they are due after such notice, the
interest on the same should cease, and when pre-
sented for payment or exchange interest should
only be allowed up to the time it did cease as
aforesaid. And for the purpose of enabling the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay all such per-
sons for their bonds or other obligations except
as aforesaid, who prefer payment for the same
in lawful currency to exchanging for the long
bonds above provided for, he should be directed
to issue from time to time such amount of Uni-
ted States notes commonly known as green-
backs as might be required for that purpose.
The benefits to be derived from this provision
are twofold: first, it insures a prompt funding
of all our bonds and obligations payable m
currency or stops the interest on the same;
and second, as our people want more money
in the country and are not in condition to be
taxed for the present so as to raise money to
enable the Secretary of the '1 reasury to make
the payments as above required, on account
of its scarcity, it furnishes an easy mode of rais-
ing the money, without any danger of putting
more money- upon the country than it really
requires, and therefore is not subject to any of
the objections that I have suggested against.the
Democratic policy of flooding the country with
national currency.
Sixth. The Secretary of the Treasury should
be prohibited from accumulating gold in the
Treasury in larger amounts than the demands
of the country really require to pay our obliga-
tions due in coin; and for the purpose of cheap-
ening gold and lessening the demand therefor
the Secretary should be required to only col-
lect such proportion of the duties on foreign
imports in coin as will amply supply the wants
of the Treasury to meet our gold obligations:
and the residue he should collect in the lawful
currency of the United States.
The benefits to be derived from this provision
are: it keeps down the price of gold, and
thereby makes our currency more valuable;
when gold accumulates in such large amounts
in the Treasury, as it has been doing for the
last two years, it makes it scarce throughout
the country, and therefore keeps up the price.
The pretext that the Secretary by keeping such
large amounts on hand can control the gold
market and keep down the price is all stuff.
Experience has shown that all that it amounts
to is this: when he does sell it is by some
means always found out a day or two before-
hand by a few knowing ones. Gold then sud-
denly falls, and the few favorites get all the
advantage of it at the expense of the many.
How the proceeds of this great advantage are
distributed I know not. The Government cer-
tainly reaps no benefit from it, as she always
sells at the lowest market.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Would not
that be in effect an indiscriminate reduction of
the tariff?
Mr. HUNTER. I think not. We can so
modify the tariff as to meet it. I think there
will bo no trouble about it.
Seventh. A sinking fund consisting of the
proceeds of the sales of all public lands after
this date, together with all moneys paid into
the public Treasury belonging to the United
States except moneys derived from internal
revenue and duties upon foreign imports, and
the amount allowed informers under the inter-
nal revenue act, should be set apart for the
payment of the public debt.
Eighth. The tax should not be reduced upon
luxuries, and especially whisky. Experience
has shown that there will be about so much
whisky consumed each year. If we keep the
tax high then the money will go into the na-
tional Treasury and help support the Govern-
ment. If we lower it the consumer will derive
but little benefit therefrom, and the proceeds
will go to enrich those who deal in it. To
lower the tax in order to stop the frauds is to
me a very weak argument, and is nothing more
or less than a shameful admission that we are
unable to provide a law that will meet the
emergency and correct the evil. We must have
revenue to support the Government, and if
we do not get it from luxuries we must take it
from honest toil. I am, therefore, in favor of
keeping the tax high on such articles, and
making a law strong enough to collect it, even
if it requires one that will bankrupt and im-
prison every scoundrel in the country who will
willfully violate it.
Ninth. If the national bank system is to be
continued, the act authorizing them should be
amended and their number increased, so that
the West and South might have their propor-
tion, and thus prevent the currency from accu-
mulating in the East to the great detriment of
the West and South.
Tenth. Greenbacks, as well as all other
money which passes as a circulating medium,
should be taxed for State, municipal, and lo-
cal purposes, the same as all other personal
property, and at the same rate per $100.
Eleventh. Our tariff should be so amended
that it would furnish us sufficient revenue and
at the same time protect all the industrial and
productive interests of the country, bear heavy I
upon luxuries, and exempt as far as possible 1
all necessary articles that are consumed prin- j
cipally by the poor. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. As the i
gentleman has concluded his argument I would
like to ask him a question.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. The gentle-
man says it would not be proper to tax bonds,
and yet he is in favor of taxing the United
States notes. Can he explain the reason for
that difference?
Mr. HUNTER. I will answer the gentleman.
I am in favor of taxing bonds by the United
States for the benefit of States, but not States
taxing them, for the reason I do not believe
that States have the right to exercise that power
under the Constitution of the United States.
The United States notes pass as circulating
medium, the same as gold and silver. Why
should you tax gold and silver and not tax
notes that are as much a circulating medium?
Mr. WASHBURN, oflndiana. Idonotthink
my colleague [Mr. Hunter] comprehends the
scope of my question. My question is this:
Why can you not, upon the same principle,
tax the bonds?
Mr. HUNTER. I think the principle is very
different. It would take me some time, as a
matter of course, to answer the question fuliy.
It is being answered on the stump all over the
country in speeches. I say that to tax the bonds
of the United States by States would be a vio-
lation of the Constitution, but the same princi-
ple docs not apply to greenbacks.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. One more
question. Is it not the same violation of the
Constitution of the United States to tax the
greenback ?
Mr. HUNTER. I think not, bccause the
people do not take it with the understanding
that it was anything but currency, the same as
gold and silver.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Have not
the courts already decided that you cannot tax
United States notes?
Mr. HUNTER. Some of them have, I be-
lieve, and some have not; but not upon con-
stitutional grounds, but because it was in vio-
lation of law. Iam therefore in favor of chang-
ing the law and making them taxable.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire, then
addressed the committee. His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.
currency, banks, and taxation.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, it
is incumbent upon the Government to provide
for the people a currency sufficient in amount
for the convenient transaction of all the busi-
ness of the country requiring the use of money:
the material out of which this money shall be
made will depend upon the ability of the Gov-
ernment; if it has precious metals sufficient,
then of course our money will be of gold and
silver ; but if gold and silver are not to be had,
or if the state of trade with other nations be
such that gold and silver, though coined into
money, cannot be retained in the country, then
something else and the next best material must
be made to serve the purposes of money. It
is not always in the power of a Government to
command gold and silver, and therefore paper
money is resorted to as a necessity, not a
choice.
SPECIE PiTHEl'I NOT SOW POSSIBLE.
We cannot now have a metallic circulation,
because the balance of trade is largely against
us as a nation. We buy in foreign countries
more of their commodities than we sell of our
own, and the balance has to be made up with
gold and silver, the universal money of com-
merce. Let me illustrate this idea. During
June, July. August, and September, 1807, we
bought goods of foreign countries amounting
to §102,389.011, and during the same time we
i[ sold to foreign Governments of our goods to
j, the amount of $08,590,673, leaving us in debt
in the four months' trade to the amount of
$33,792,438, which balance we had to pay in
gold and silver. If the whole year shall show
a like state of trade we shall lose over one
hundred millions of gold and silver. Can we
stand up with our metallic currency and have
