4132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
General Benjamin denounco them as treasonable
and unworthy the county of Shelby.'
"John S- Duncan, circuit clerk, testified as follows:
'I was not present at the meeting, I was for along
time before that time, and all the time since, almost
daily in his company. Heard him frequently speak
of the meeting and resolutions at the time it was
held. lie always declared publicly and ernphatiT
cally that if every man, woman, or child in Missouri
voted for secession, he would still resist and fight
a gainst it. Both beforo and after that time, I heard him
denounce Jackson as a traitor for refusing to furnish
tionps. He certainly, from the beginning, was the
boldest, and most defiant out-spoken Union man in
the county. I was very decided myself, but I some-
times thought he went a little further than was pru-
dent. The entire Union party of the county looked
to him as a loa.der, although but few were disposed
to go as far as he."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, Mr. Speaker, tliat
testimony was published through the State of
Missouri. I cannot believe but that the con-
testant was cognizant of the fact that those
charges had been investigated, and that he saw
the published refutation by the witnesses who
testified on that occasion, and well knew them
to be false when he made the charges here to-
day. I take this occasion to say that whoever
affirms that from the beginning of the rebellion
or long preceding its beginning down to the
present day I ever breathed a word from which
the enemies of our country could take comfort,
tells what is infamously false, and knows it to
be so. Sir, if the contestant or any of his
friends will come in here and upon their honor
as members of the House or as gentlemen make
any insinuation that J have at any time favored
secession or hesitated to favor coercion and
the complete subjugation of the enemies of our
country, I desire that the charge shall be dis-
tinctly made hereto-day, that it may be referred
to the Committee of Elections; and if the
charge should be sustained by their report I
would ask this House to expel me for disloyalty
to the Government of the United States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ANDERSON addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, resumed the floor.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few minutes?
Mr. WILSON, ot'iowa. Certainly.
Mr. KER14. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] will yield to the con-
testant long enough to enable him to reply to
some personal assaults which have been made
upon him by the sitting member.
Mr. POLAND. I hold the floor only by
sufferance of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson.] I presume he will give the gentle-
man the time ho desires.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a word in refer-
ence to the motion which has been submitted
by the gentleman from Iowa. I do not now
propose to answer at all anything that has been
said by the sitting member in this casein refer-
ence to what may bo termed the merits of the
ease, or as to the propriety or impropriety of
adopting the report of the committee. I said
yesterday nearly all thatT desire to say on that
subject; and if this motion to recommit the
report to the committee should not prevailand
there should be further debate upon the merits
of the report, I suppose I shall be entitled to
close that debate, and can then say anything
additional which I may wish to submit upon
that question. I now desire to say a word in
reference to this motion to recommit and to
treat it as entirely separate and distinct frotn
what has been said on either side in relation to
the legality of the registration in Callaway
county.
This motion to recommit is based upon the
ground that the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Bexjamix,] standing here in his place and
upon his responsibility as a member, makes
charges of disloyalty against the contestant.
Now, it is due to the House that it should
understand a little of the history of this ease
before the committee, so that members may
know how much there is of good faith in the
motion which is now made.
Before the Committee of Elections the case
of the sitting member was managed by the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bkxjamin] as
his counsel, and in the course of liis argument
before the committee he made very much the
same statements that he has made in his speech
here in the House. But in the pleadings in
that case, in the allegations and answers upon
the one side and upon the other, not a word
nor a syllable was contained in reference to the
loyalty or disloyalty cither of the sitting mem-
ber or of the contestant; nor was there in all
the testimony that was taken in the regular
way one word upon the disloyalty of the sit-
ting member. But, in the argument of the
sitting member's counsel, charges were made
as they have been made here; and upon the
other side the answer was made by the con-
testant as it has been made here. The con-
testant undertook to carry the war over xipon
the other side, making the same charge against
the sitting member and his counsel that he has
made here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman will rec-
ollect that when those charges were made
against ine Iwas not present in thecommittee;
they wore made after 1 had left.
Mr. POLAND. I presume the gentleman
may be right in reference to that; I do not
profess to recollect about the matter.
After the hearing of the case before the com-
mittee had been entirely finished, the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Dawes] applied to the
sitting member to know whether he claimed
that the case stood in such a condition that in
view of anything beforo the committee they
could be called upon to act in reference to the
disloyalty of the contestant; and the answer
was freely, openly, and frankly given that he,
the sitting member, did not make any such
claim. More than that, in the minority report
made by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
McClukg] not a word of allusion is made to
that point.
Now, 1 say, Mr. Speaker, that when this
question is sprung upon the House here for
the purpose of getting this case recommitted
to the committee upon this motion, it is per-
fectly apparent that it is a mere pretense put
forward merely for the purpose of getting the
case back into the hands of the committee and
throwing it over into another session of Con-
gress.
Now, I have no feeling about this case. If
I am not able to satisfy the House that the
conclusions of the majority of the committee
are right upon the evidence, that our findings
both of law and fact are just and right, and
that every member of the House, llepublican
as well as Democrat, ought to stand by those
conclusions, I am content that the judgment
of the committee shall be overruled ; but I do
insist that it is not fair and just to this con-
testant, it, is not fair and just to ourselves, to
throw this case back into the hands of the
committee after the explanation which has
been given. I do not believe myself that
there has been said here upon either side any-
thing which amounts to a charge of such dis-
loyalty on the part of either the sitting mem-
ber or the contestant as to prevent him from
taking the test-oath and acting as a member
of this House.
I think it does appear there has been a good
deal of political advance, and a good many
gentlemen in Missouri entertain very much
sounder and more correct political judgments
now than they did a few years ago, and I am
glad of it. I like Such advances in Missouri
and everywhere else; but I insist there has
been nothing done here, nothing which has
been charged in this debate which authorizes
the House, and especially after I have given
the history of the case, which has been re-
peated by the chairman of the committee, to
take this proceeding. It is apparent it is a
mere pretense, a mere subterfuge, for the pur-
pose of throwing this case over to the next
session of Congress, and I protest against it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the gentleman con-
sider this a charge of disloyalty ? I assert on
my responsibility as a member of this House
this direct charge, namely: this contestant ut-
tered and published the words I am about to
read, and he does not deny having written thern
or having published them on the 14th day of
June, 1861. Then, I ask the gentleman from
Vermont, in view of what has taken place in
the Kentucky cases, whether this is a good
charge of disloyalty ? These are the words of
the contestant:
"There are no troops in Missouri, and we hope in
no other southern Sta.te, to aid a B.aek Republican
President in the butchery of thesouthern people. It
there are in the South, and especially in Missouri,
any such soldiers, they are on the wrong side of
Mason and Dixon's line, and had better, for their
hoalth, take up their beds and walk—and walk fast.
Now, I make that distinct charge, and I am
ready to prove it by the paper itself which con-
tains this in the leading editorial article. It is
in the paper published by the contestant and
he does not pretend to deny it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have a word to
say since the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] has resumed his seat, although I had
not intended to engage in this discussion. I
cannot permit the charge made by the gentle-
man from Vermont in connection with this
motion to pass without notice. He says it is
perfectly apparent this motion is a mere pre-
tense to get this case back into the hands of
the committee so as to throw it over to the
next Congress. Of course that attacks my
motive in making it; and I wish to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Vermont,while the laws
of the United States exclude persons from this
Hall who have given aid and comfort to the
rebels, I have the right to have that law en-
forced ; and whenever a charge is made by a
member upon this floor of disloyalty I will
endeavor to have that law enforced. If it is
an improper thing for this House to say per-
sons not eligible to seats here are excluded,
then I have done an improper thing. I wonder
the gentleman from Vermont regards this as
an improper motion, and denounces as a mere
pretense t.he effort to enforce the law in the
county of Callaway, when we remember the
report in the Kentucky cases. Taking the
report as presented by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, with the testimony taken before that
committee, and -I can come to the conclusion
without difficulty that within that district were
polled the votes of men disqualified under the
laws of the State of Missouri from voting suffi-
cient in number to overcome the entire major-
ity that is reported in favor of the contestant
counting in the county of Callaway; and I
should like if this case should get back to the
committee that the sitting member or any
member of Missouri should ask to have that
feature of the ease reopened in order that it
may be known how many of these persons not
authorized to vote under the laws of Missouri
did vote. I do not say whether it is a wise or
unwise law, but it is the law there. I now
modify my motion so as to recommit the sub-
ject, with instructions to inquire into the
charges of disloyalty both against the sitting
member and the contestant, and demand the
previous question.
Mr. KERll. I appeal to the gentleman from
Iowa that five minutes be given to the contest-
ant to answer some personal charges made by
the sitting member.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and yield
for five minutes to the contestant.
Mr. SWITZLEK, (the contestant.) Mr.
Speaker, first of all, then, as to the opinion
which it is alleged I, as provost marshal, gave
in 1864 as to the number of legal voters in
Callaway county.
The sitting member has seen proper to read
a portion of the testimony of one W. W. Dav-
enport, the chief clerk in my office during thf*
year 18(54, wherein it is charged that in a con,
munication to the Secretary of War I expressed
the conviction that there were not two hundred
a.n<^ fi^y men in Callaway county. Now,
sir, this charge is an old acquaintance of mine.
I have looked upon its features long ago, seen
it often, and now desire, once for all, to give it
a token of recognition. In March, 1807, the
counsel of the sitting member, Mr. Benjamin,
