1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085.
I think we can come to a vote in a few min-
utes.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to remark
that every morning some Senator rises and asks
that a bill be taken up, and that the morning
business be presented to the Senate after the
bill is already before the Senate. In that way
Senators who desire to get up business are pre-
vented from doing so; bills are ponding during
the whole time the morning business is gone
through with. The better plan, in my judg-
ment, is to get through with the morning busi-
ness, and then give Senators an equal chance
to get the floor to take up their bills.
Mr. HOWARD. I leave it to the disposi-
tion of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Michigan what the pur-
pose is in taking up the bill now?
Mr. HOWARD. To proceed with its con-
sideration and take the final vote upon it as
soon as we can.
Mr. CONKLING. At one o'clock there is
a special order, as I understand.
Mr. HOWARD. There is more than half
an hour between this and that time.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think it possi-
ble to take up the bill the Senator proposes to
take up and act upon it finally by that time.
Mr. HOWARD. I think we can do so. I
apprehend there will not be much more dis-
cussion upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know what the
Senator's view with regard to it is, but I am
sure I am not alone in feeling that the vote
ought not to be taken upon this bill until there
is a little more exact understanding of some
facts which, once or twice, when the bill was
up, were canvassed and questioned. I wish
to submit a few remarks myself, and I know of
one or two other Senators who mean to do so.
If the idea is to take it up with a view of dis-
posing of it by oue o'clock I must say that
certainly it cannot be done ; and if it is to be
cut off by a special order then I think it is hardly
worth while to take it up. I have no objection
to taking it up at any time when it can be acted
upon deliberately ; but I do not think it is a
bill which anybody ought to seek to press
through without a fair hearing.
Mr. HOWARD. It has not been my depo-
sition to press the bill through without a fair
and complete hearing; and certainly the Sen-
ator from New York has not been deprived of
any opportunity of speaking upon this bill,
because I think he has consumed more time
in his remarks upon it than has been consumed
by all other Senators besides. I am entirely
willing, however, to submit the question to the
Senate, whether they will take up the bill or not.
Mr.' CONRLING. I accept, with great hu-
mility, the rebuke of the Senator from Michigan
as to the length of time I have expended upon
this bill; but I beg to say, in mitigation of my
offense—I will not undertake to justify or even
to excuse it—butin mitigation of the wrong that
I have committed, I beg to say that it involves
$2,400,000, about seven hundred thousand of
which, if it pass, are to be paid by the people
whom I represent, or whom I endeavor to repre-
sent; and if I have been a little earnest in regard
to it, perhaps something will be pardoned to the
circumstances and the occasion. I beg to say,
further, that I shall consider it my duty to
submit some additional objections to the bill
before I accept finally what I have been assured
by those who are promoting and engineering
it, namely, that it is perfectly idle to debate it
and utterly idle to oppose any objection to its
passage. I am ready to accept the situation,
but not that part of the situation, until a
fair statement has been made. I adopt the
Athenian rule, " Strike, but hear me."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion of Mr. Howard, and de-
clared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Mc?srs. Chandler, Conness, Cragin, Ferry,
Fessenden, Fowler. Harlan, Howard, Johnson, Nye,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Van
Winkle, Viekers, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—20.
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buelialew, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett. Edmunds, Frelinghaysen, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Patterson of Tennessee, Sherman,
Trumbull, andWilliams—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Cameron, Cattell,
Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Drake, Grimes, JleCreery,
Morton, Norton, Patterson of New Hampshire, Ram-
sey, Ross, Sprague, Stewart, and Yates—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr, HENDERSON. I desire to make a
report, with the permission of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the report, if there be no objection.
taxation of school propbrtl'.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to re-
port back the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 389) ex-
empting property in the District of Columbia
held and used for school purposes from local
taxation, with certain amendments to it. I
ask that it be considered now ; it is a matter
of some consequence, and it will take but a
moment.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the other matter be
laid aside informally.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that. I ob-
ject to any arrrangement by which anything
shall be passed over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there is
no objection the amendment will be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made it is not in order, because there is
another matter pending.
Mr. HARLAN. If Senators will allow me
I will explain in one word what this is. The
Senate passed a bill exempting school-houses
in this city and Georgetown from taxation.
The House has passed that bill with an amend-
ment, and the Committee on the District of
Columbia propose to a Jopt the House amend-
ment with a few verbal amendments. That is
all there is in it, and I hope no Senator will
object. I understand some of this property is
advertised for sale, and it is important that
the measure be acted on at an early day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be considered, there
being another bill before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a report,
Mr. HENDERSON. Do I understand that
any objection was made to considering the
the report I presented?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If any
objection is made, nothing is in order except
the consideration of the bill before the Senate,
taken up on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr, Howard.]
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand the ob-
jections were withdrawn.
Mr. CONKLING. I made no objection to
this bill being considered, but merely to the
suggestion that another bill should be passed
by informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Jonxsox] objected.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall proceed
with the consideration of the bill taken up.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to introduce a
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive it if there be no objection.
bill introduced.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 463) to provide for a temporary and pro-
visional government for Alabama; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed. \
centra!. branch pacijtic railroad. 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
S. No. 2o6) relating to the Central Branch
Union Pacific Railroad Company is before the
Senate as m Committee of the Whole. The /
pending question is on an amendment moved /
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. MoimtiVl /
which will be read. j
The Secretary read the amendment propose^/
by Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, which was in
lines twenty-four and twenty-five to strike out
the words "for any greater length of road
1 than one hundred and fifty miles from" and,
in lieu thereof to insert "beyond;" so as to
make the proviso read:
Provided, That no suhsidy in United States bonds
shall be allowed to said Central Branch company
beyond the termination of the one hundred miles on
which bonds aro already authorized to be issued on
said line of railroad.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senate will give some attention to this amend-
ment; and I should be glad if the Senator who
j has charge of the bill would accept it without
j any discussion upon its merits. It seems to mo
I that it challenges the judgment of the Senate
! on its mere presentation. Doesanybody believe
ii that it is necessary now to give anything more
, than lands in Kansas and Nebraska to build .a
■ railroad ? and that is all that is proposed to be
, done by this Central Branch. If this amend-
I meat be adopted, it only cuts off the money
| subsidy and leaves the amount of lands, and
j even lands in my judgment are not necessary
at the present time to secure the building of
the road. The road may not be built as quickly
without a subsidy of lands, but it would inev-
itably be built by private enterprise and by
private capital. But 1 waive any objection to
a donation of lands and only object to an addi-
tional subsidy of United States bonds.
It seems to me, Mr. President, monstrous
that the United States should build so many of
these Pacific railroads and so many branches,
and yet when they get through not own a dollar
! of them. Private stockholders are to own and
control the whole. If we were practicing upon
, the policy of some of the European Govern-
ments of building railroads, holding them, and
running them at the expense and for the profit
ot Government, and thereby providing a sinking
fund by which the national debt could be some-
what reduced or extinguished in process of
time, that might be very well: but to do that
it is now too late. Shall we do what is here
proposed, build up a gigantic corporation and
make this United States Government, like that
of New Jersey, the mere appendage of a rail-
road company? I say it without intending any
offense, for it is known that railroad corpora-
tions throughout the country, when they get
the growth, capital, and character which we are
giving to this one, do control, more or less, the
destinies of the States where they are located;
they control the politics as well as the business
and the finances of States; and for one I do
not desire that we shall so rurse and contribute
to the growth of a great gigantic corporation
that hereafter it may have more sway and power
over the destinies of this country than ever the
United States Bank had in all its glory.
Mr. President, we have been reducing taxa-
tion on the plea that we should thereby com-
pel a reduction of expenditures, and I am in-
formed that before our laws proposed for
reducing taxation have gone into effect th«
receipts of the Treasury for the last month are
$10,000,000 below the expenditures. I ask if
Senators, in the face of such facts, are going
on in the old routine of granting subsidies to
every application that may be made for a road
between here and the Pacific? for we must be
aware that if we grant this there will be a
dozen cases that will present themselves with
infinitely stronger arguments in favor of them
—some of them I may vote for myself—than
can be found to support the bill before us.
Take the various Territories that are strewn
along all the way between our western States
and the Rocky mountains and beyond, are they
not as much entitled to branches of the Pacific
railroad as Kansas and Nebraska? Who will
pretend that they are not? 1 think they ai'B
