1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3109
parties in the western States and California.
Bills are unpaid on account of reclamation
claims in which no proof can be offered ; and
I sabfbit that it seems to be a necessary pro-
tection to the manufacturer himself and to the
merchant that these stamps, in all instances,
should be exposed to view.
"Mr. SCHENCK. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. „
The question was taken on Mr. Barnes's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 111. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son shall make, prepare, sell, offer for sale, or remove
for consumption or sale any article or thing enumer-
ated and described in schedule C without affixing
thereon and canceling the proper stamps as required
bylaw; or shall conceal or remove, or cause to be
concealed or removed, anysueh article or thing, in or
to any place, with a view to evade the payment of
the tax thereon; or shall remove, detach, or cause
or permit to be removed or detached, thes.tu.mp from
any such article or thing, with intent to use said
stamp on any other article or thin?, he shall forfeit
to the United States the article or thing in regard to
which either of the said offenses committed; and
shall for every such offense be liable to a penalty of
$100, to be assessed and collected as in other cases.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Page 159, section one hundred and eleven, strike
out lines fourteen and fifteen, as follows: "penalty
of $100, to be assessed and collected as in othercases,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following: "fine of not
less than $100 nor more than $5,000, and the tax shall
be assessed and collected as in other cases."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am also instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end
of the section :
But friction or other matches, cigar lights, or wax
tapers, may be sold and removed for export beyond
the limits of the United States without payment of
the tax thereon under such rules and regulations
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may pre-
scribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section w.as read, as follows:
Sec. 112. And be it further enacted, That any pro-
prietor of a proprietary article, or article subject to
Stamp duty under bcliedule C of this act, shall have
the privilege of furnishing without expense to the
United States, in suitable form, to be approved by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, his own dies
and designs for stamps therefor, to be for his exclu-
sive use : which dies and designs, being first approved
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, shall be
made under the direction of the Secretary uf the
Treasury, and retained in the Treasury Department,
and the stamps prepared therefrom and issued to the
Commissioner as in other cases. That in all cases
where such stamp is uaed, in lieu of writing the
initials and date thereon, the said stamp shall be so
affixed on the article or package, that in using or
opening the same the said stamp shall be effectually
destroyed; and in default thereof the said proprietor
shall be liable to the same penalty as is prescribed in
this act for neglecting to affix a stamp. Any person
who shall fraudulently obtain or use any such stamp,
or die. or design therefor; and any person forging or
counterfeiting, or causing or procuring the forging
or counterfeiting any representation, likeness, simili-
tude, or colorable imitation of any such stamp; or
an engraver or printer who shall sell or give away
any such stamp; or being a merchant, broker, ped-
dler, or person dealing, in whole or in part, m similar
goods, wares, merchandise, manufactures, prepara-
tions, or articles, or those designed tor similar ob-
jects or purposes, shall have knowingly or fraudu-
lently in his possession any such forged, counterfeited
likeness, similitude, or colorable imitation of any
such stamps, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and,
on conviction thereof, shall be fined not less than
$500 nor more than $5,000, and imprisoned not less
than one year nor more than five years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I offer, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the following
amendment:
Page 160, line nineteen, strike out all after the
word " therefor" down to and including the word
"purposes," in line twenty-six, as follows:
And any person forging or counterfeiting, or caus-
ing or procuring the forging or counterfeiting any
representation, likeness, similitude, orcolorablenm-
tation of any such stamp; or an engraver or printer
who shall sell or give away any such stamp; or being
a merchant, broker, peddler, or person dealing, m
whole or in part, in similar goods, wares, merchan-
di.se, manufactures, preparations, or articles, or those
designed for similar objects or purposes.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Or who shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or pro-
cure the forging or counterfeiting of any representa-
tion, likeness, similitude, or colorable imitation or
any such stamp; or any engraver or punter who snail
sell or give away any sueh stamp; or any person
who.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Schedule C.
Medicines or preparations.
Forandupon every packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or
other inclosure, containing any pills, powders, tinc-
tures, troches, lozenges, sirups, cordials, bitters, ano-
dynes, tonics, plasters, liniments, salves, ointments,
pastes, drops, waters, essences, spirits, oils, or other
medicinal preparations or compositions whatsoever,
made and sold, or removed forconsumption and sale,
by any person or persons whatever, wherein tho per-
son making or preparing the same has, or claims to
have, any private formula or occult secret or art for
the making or preparing the same, or has, or claims to
have, any exclusive right or title to the making or
preparing the same, or which are prepared, uttered,
vended, or exposed for sale under any letters patent,
or held out or recommcndcd to the public by tho
makers, venders, or proprietors thereof as proprie-
tary medicines, or as remedies or specifics for any
disease, diseases, or affections whatever affecting the
human or animal body, as follows: where such
packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure,
with its contents, shall not exceed, at retail price or
value, the sum of twenty-five cents, onecent.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is properly one par-
agraph down to the end of line seventy-seven.
I ask that it may be read, so that; I may offer
an amendment from the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. BARNES. I must object until I know
what the amendment is.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to strike out
from line fift/-six to line seventy-seven inclu-
sive.
Mr. BARNES. I shall be compelled to
object, for I want to discuss the different
amounts.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not see how the gen-
tleman can object. I cannot make my motion
until the part of the bill which I propose to
amend is read. It is really one paragraph ; it
all relates to the same subject.
The CHAIRMAN. They are treated as sep-
arate paragraphs.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I offer the follow-
ing amendment from the Committee of Ways
and Means:
Page 161, line forty-four, strike out the words "so-
cret and art," and insert "art or secret" in lieu
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now offer the following
amendment from the Committee of Ways and
Means:
Page 162, strike out from and including line fifty-
six, down to the end of line seventy-seven, on page
163, as follows:
Retail price or value, the sum of twenty-five cents,
one cent. Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, via!,
or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of twenty-five cents, and not
exceed the retail price or value of fifty cents, two
cents. Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or
other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the
retail price or value of fifty cents, and shall not
exceed the retail price or value of seventy-five cents,
throe cents. Where such packet, box, bottle, pot,
vial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall excecd
the retail price or value of seventy-five cents, and
shall not exceed the retail price or value of one dol-
lar, four cent?. Where such packet, box, bottle, pot,
vial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shali
exceed the retail priceorvalueof oncdollar.for each
and every fifty cents or fractional part thereof over
and above the one dollar, as before mentioned, an
additional two cents.
And insert in lieu thereof the following :
The retail price or value to he fixed by the manu-
facturer of the article and stamped or printed there,
the sum of twenty-five cents, one cent. Where such
packet, box, bottle, pot. vial, or other inclosure, wilh
its contents, shall exceed such reta,i! price or value
of twenty-five cents, for each additional twent.v-five
cents, or fractional pait thereof, an additional one
cent.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word " retail''
and inserting " wholesale." This section of
the bill is a very singular finance measure. It
compels the manufacturer of a chair in Phila-
delphia to pay a tax upon the price which the
chair shall Ije sold at retail in Chicago. The
manufacturer of a book in Boston is to pay a
tax, not upon the price which lie receives for
the book, but the price which the jobber in
New York receives for it and the retailer in
St. Louis. It seems to me one of the most
singular recommendations in this bill that
any manufacturer of an article should be taxed
at any other price than that which he receives
for his products. I have heard no explana-
tion offered for this manner of taxation. Objec-
tionable as the stamping of small articles is,
to compel the manufacturer of these small
articles to pay not only his own tax but that
of every middleman until it reaches the con-
sumer, is, if possible, still more objectionable.
I assume that this House has too much prac-
tical sense to attempt to levy taxes in that
way. I do not wish to impugn the practical
ability or the good intentions of the gentlemen
on the committee who have presented this
recomniendation. I understand the sources
of their authority. A similar provision has
been contained in bills enacted by previous
Congresses; but the word " retail" has been
included. A modification is now proposed
so as to compel the proprietor to fix his
price. He is thus practically driven to resort
to a subterfuge by printing upon his articles a
false price. By this means, I undertake to
say, Yankee ingenuity will be able to evade
this provision, so that nothing practically will
be gained. Yet the proprietors are forced
into this false position.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I would like to call the
attention of the House to the amount of the
tax which it is proposed to impose upon these
articles, assuming that the proprietor does
print upon his articles the prices at which he
thinks they ought to be sold in the locality
where they are made. Those articles which
sell at fifty cents a dozen or about four cents
apiece, are taxed by the requirement of a
stamp, one cent each, which is twenty-five per
cent. Now, when billiard-tables are manu-
factured and sold at a taxation of one per
cent., I ask whether this House, with its prac-
tical sense, is disposed to impose this onerous
tax upon what is the poor man's medicine
throughout the sparsely-settled districts of this
country, making it pay a tax of twenty-five
per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Barnes's amendment to the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " one cent," and insert-
ing " one half cent." Mr. Chairman, I have
endeavored from time to time to have this
stamping system abolished, putting these arti-
cles where they belong, under an ad valorem
system. The only argument, so far as I have
been able to observe, by which the stamp sys-
tem is defended, is that it is a convenient
method of collecting taxes. Now, among the
articles enumerated in this bill are billiard-
tables and pianos, upon which a stamp could
easily be put without any great inconvenience
to the manufacturer or the seller; but to im-
pose this stamp tax upon such articles as luci-
fer matches, the buckles on harness, the but-
tons on a coat, the cogs on a wheel, and
require each of these articles to be manipu-
lated in the manner here provided for, seems
to me to be unreasonable.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
New York will allow me to suggest that upon
the articles he has just named there is but a
single tax; the tax is collected only once ; but
a piano, for example, is taxed two dollars
every year; and before it is worn out it may
be taxed to the entire value of the instrument.
Mr. BARNES. I will reply to the gentleman
by saying that as to the articles named in this
paragraph, seventy per cent, of them are neces-
sarily composed of double proof-spirits. The
manufacturer now pays a tax of at least fou^
hundred per cent, on seventy-five per cent, of
his materials. We have in this case an instance
of taxation multiplied to a most unreasonable
extent. Itis the severest taxation enumerated
in this bill, and the most difficult in its appli-
cation. Such taxation cannot be to the advan-
tage of the Government. Now, sir, if stamps'1
are a convenient mode of collecting taxes,
why do not the committee propose to extend
thissystem further? Why do they not impose
a stamp duty upon native wines, instead oi
taxing them six dollars a dozen ? Why do they
not propose to require stamps in regard^ to
various other articles enumerated in this bin.
It would seem as if those articles with refer-
