1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4133
rose in his place in this Hall, and constituting
himself a i£ smelling committee," to smell out
let ters of our officers, he offered the following
resolution:
11 Ilesolved^ That the Secretary of "War be directed
to furnish this House with copies of any and all corre-
spondence in his possession between Captain William
r'. Swi!'/,;cr, late provost marshal of the ninth district
oi'^ Missouri, and the Provost Marshal's Bureau, in
relation to the loyalty and disloyalty of the people
of said ninth district or any portion thereof."
Well, sir, so far as I know the sitting mem-
ber and his counsel have been "smelling"
around the War Office, among the pigeon holes
of that Department looking for this letter, a
letter which I never wrote, and which is not to
be found in my letter-book or in the archives
of the War Office; and these gentlemen with
all their assiduity have been unable to produce
it. I deny having ever expressed such an opin-
ion or ever having written such a letter. So
much for that.
Again, the gentleman alleges that in 186-t I
was removed from office by Mr. Lincoln upon
charges of disloyalty. This is a new acquaint-
ance ; 1 never heard of it before. I was re-
moved from office, so far as I know, without
any alleged reason. I believe the reason to
have been that upon the opening of the presi-
dential canvass of that year I happened to
believe, with many thousand ex-officers and
soldiers of our Army, that George B. MeClel-
lun, who had exposed himself upon the tented
field to the rebel hail of bullets and shells in
the defense of the old flag, was as fit for the
presidential office as his opponent. Because
iu Missouri I advocated his claim I suppose I
was removed from office, and not upon any
charge of disloyalty. That charge, like many
other things in this case, has been hatched out
here at the eleventh hour to serve a partisan
purpose.
And now as to General Blair's speech. I
am particularly desirous of correcting the gen-
tleman in regard to the record of that speech,
for 1 have it here. Once for all I desire to set
the gentleman right, for I was present on the
stand when General Blair made his speech in
Callaway county. The speech was reported
in the Missouri Democrat. The proprietors
having sent to Fulton a stenographer (Mr.
Wallbridge) forthe special purpose of reporting
it. Listen now to the counsel which General
Blair gave to the people of that county pend-
ing the registration in 1866:
" I say here, in Callaway, that any man who at-
tempts violence toward any officer of the law, no
matter what ho does—no matter how arbitrary and
ridiculous may be his action—that any man here in
Callaway, who attempts violence, is an enemy, to
the cause of the Conservative Union men. You
never can get your rights by violence. That thing"
has been tried recently and has failed, and will
always fail. The only way forus to obtain our rights
is to abide by the law, live under the law, and make
our enemies abide by it.
" I tnll you that here, in Callaway, there must bo
no violence of any kind toward any officer of the law
under any circumstances whatever." * * *
* " Now, I advise the young men of Callaway not
to go round gasconading what they will do if th e nig-
ger troopscoinehere. Letthemcome. They can't do
any harm so long as you don't put yourselves in the
wrong and give these men power over you: and
don't let those leaders who misled you once before
mislead you into doing anything that can't stand
under the law, and 1 pledge you will come out trium-
phant under the law."
Is there any resistance to law counseled
here ?
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now call the pre-
vious question on the motion to commit with
the instructions stated.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. POLAND. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas atid nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 46, not vot-
ing 63 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnell, Delos R. Ashley,
M. Ashley, Baldwin,Beatty, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blair.Boles, Broinwell, Buckland,BenjaminF.
Butler, Roderick R. Bailer, Cake, Churchill, Header
V, . Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Covode,
Oullnm, Donnelly, Drifts, Eckley, Kla. Farnswortli,
J'Yrri.-*. Fields, French, Gravely, UriMvold, Hamilton,
lleaton, lligby, Hill, Hind*, Hooper, Hopkins, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hunter, Alexander II.
Jones, J udd, J ulian, Kclsey, Kitchen, Koontz, Laflii)
William Lawrence, Logan, Loughridze, Lynch, Mal-
lory, May nard, McCarthy, MoCluji, MeKee, Mercur,
Mi'ier. Moore. Morrell, Muifins, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Perham Peters, Pile, Pui?ley, Pomeroy, Raum!
Sawyer, Sclienck, Shanks, Spalding, Starkweather,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stokes, Trowbridge, Twicheli,
Van Aernarci, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas
Williams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Stephen K. Wilson, and Windom—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bailey, Baker,
Beek,Boyden, Boyer, Brooks, Cary. Chanler, Cook,
Dawes, Dookery, Eldridge, Fox, Garfield, Get?:,
(ilossbrenner, Golladay, Grover, Haigbt, Hawkins,
Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Johnson, Kerr,
Ketchain, Knott, Geoige Y. Lawrence, Marshall,
Moorhead, Niblack, Niehohun, Pike, Poland,Ran-
dall, Ross, Scofield. Sitgreaves, Tabor, Taylor, Law-
rence 8. Trimble, Upson, Van Auken, Van Trump,
and Elihu B. Wasbburne—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Axtell,
Banks, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Benton Blaine,
Boutwell.Broomall, Burr, Cornell,Delano, Deweese,
Dixon, Dodge, Eg-gleston, Eliot, Ferry, Finney, Hal-
sey, Harding, Hoiman, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Thomas L. Jones, Kelley,
Lincoln, Loan, Marvin, MeCormiok, MeCulloagb,
Morrissey, Mungen, Newcomb, Nunn, Paine, Phelps,
Plants, Price, Pruyn, Robertson, Robinson, Roots,
Selye, Shellabarger, Smith, Aaron If. Stevens, Sten -
art, Stone, Taffe, Thomas, John Trimble, Robert T.
Van Horn, Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—62.
So the motion to recommit was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Musses was
paired with Mr. Van Hoax, of Missouri.
Mr. AXTELL announced that he was paired
with Mr. Kelley, who would have voted in
the affirmative, while he [Mr. Axtell] would
have voted in the negative.
The result of the vote having been an-
nounced as above recorded,
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was recommitted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed, without amendment, a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 329) to amend section fourteen of
an aet approved July 28, 18G6, entitled "An
act to protect the revenue, and far other pur-
poses."
Also, that it had passed a bill (S. No. 619)
to extend the laws of the United States rela-
tive to customs, commerce, and navigation over
the territory ceded to the United States by
Russia, to establish a collection district therein,
and for other purposes; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ment of the Senate to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 352) to authorize
the temporary supplying of vacancies in the
Executive Departments.
funding bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state oi
the Union on the tariff bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague allow
me to report back the funding bill and to have
an order made in regard to it ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I report back from the
Committee of Ways and Means the bill (S.
No. 207) for funding the national debt, and
for the conversion of the notes of the United
States, with sundry amendments. I desire to
say that there are thirteen of these amend-
ments. 1 wish to ask that the bill and amend-
ments may be pruned, and I ask unanimous
consent that the bill ma.v be considered to-
morrow morning in Committee of the AV hole,
under the five-minutes rule, immediately after
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman
will say after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the House that there will probably be no more
morning hours during this session.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There ought
not to be.
Mr. GARFIELD. How will the order
asked by my colleague affect the rights of the
Committee on Military Affairs in regard to
the bill for the reduction of the Army, now
pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the gentleman, that when there is no other
business before the House of a privileged
character the consideration of the military
bill will be resumed as the unfinished business,
but when thattime willarrivein the multiplicity
of business the Chair cannot say.
Mr. GARFIELD. Suppose this motion
carries, how will this bill stand in regard to
the Army bill ?
The SPEAKER. The House will go into
Committee of the Whole on this bill immedi-
ately after the reading of the Journal to-
moirow.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope ray colleague
will not insist on his motion. The Army bill
will reduce the expenses of the Government
§18,000,000.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object
to this arrangement until all the appropriation
bills are disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means have authority to report at any
time, and the bill is before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. VI call for the readipg of
the bill and amendments.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope my colleague
will not insist on that. The bill and amend-
ments will be printed by to-morrow morning.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand what I am
about just as well as the gentleman does.
The Clerk then read the bill and amend-
ments.
Mr. ROBS. I object to this bill being made
a special order.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. My point of order is that
the second section of this bill makes an appro-
priation, and therefore the bill must receive its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, that this bill makes an appro-
priation and must receive its first consideration
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCHENCK. If gentlemen object to my
proposition I must move that the House now
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole,
for the purpose of considering this bill without
being printed.
Mr. ROSS. I do not object to the bill being
printed; only to its being made a special order.
enrolled eill and joint resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
arid a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 550) for the relief of Robert
Ford; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 113) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the British-built brig,
Highland Mary.
election contest m'grorty vs. hooper.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to give notice
that on Saturday next, immediately alter the
reading of the Journal, 1 propose to call up
the report of the Committee of Elections in
the contested-election case of McGrort.y vs.
Hooper, in relation to the seat of the Delegate
from Utah Territory.
vacancies in executive departments.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I rise to a privileged
question, I submit, a report from a committee
of conference.
The report was read as follows:
The committee of conference on tbe disasreeing
votes of the two Houses on the mh* ol the
Senate to the amendments of the Div;nff 0e
bill No. MA to authorize the having
vacancies in tho Executive Department., having
