SUPPLEMENT TO
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Cliief Justice, is it in
order to amend that motion?
Several Senators. No, no.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is in order to
propose an answer to it; not to amend it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move, then, Mi-. Presi-
dent, that ten days be allowed after filing the
replication.
Mr. SIIERMAK^, I move that the Senate
sitting as a Court SBbpeachment adjourn until
one o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Chief
Justice declared the Senate sitting for the trial
of the impeachment of Andrew Johnson ad-
journed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Tuesday, March 2-1, 1868.
The Cliief Justice of the United States en-
tered the Senate Chamber at one o'clock p. m.,
escorted by Mr. Pomeroy, chairman of the
committee heretofore appointed for the pur-
pose, took the chair, and directed the Ser-
geant-at-Arnis to open the court by proclama-
tion.
The Sergeant-at- Arms. Hear ye! hear ye!
All persons are commanded to keep silence
while the Senate of the United States is sitting
for the trial of the articles of impeachment
exhibited by the House of Representatives
againatAndrew Johnson, President of the Uni-
ted States.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. .The Secretary will
read the minutes.
The Secretary commenced to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday'-s proceedings.
-Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I sub-
mit to the Chair whether it is not advisable to
Sostpone the reading of the Journal uutil the
tanagers and the counsel for the accused are
present?
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-
at-Arms informs the Chief Justice that the
Managers are at the door ; and he has directed
the Secretary to suspend the reading of the
minutes.
The counsel for the respondent, Messrs.
Stanbery, Curtis, Evarts, Nelson, and Groes-
beclc entered the Chamber and took the seats
assigned them.
At five minutes past one o'clock the pres-
ence of the Managers on the part of the House
of Representatives was announced at the door
of the Senate Chamber by the Sergeant-at-
Arms.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Managers will
please to take their seats within the bar.
The Managers were conducted to the seats
provided for them.
The members of the House of Represent-
atives appeared at the door, headed by Mr.
B. B. Washhurne, chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and accompanied
by the Speaker and Clerk.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Secretary will
now read the minutes.
The Secretary read the Journal of the pro-
ceedings of Monday, March 23, of the Senate
sitting for the trial of the articles of impeach-
ment exhibited by the House of Representa-
tives against Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States.
•The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a resolution which has
been received from the House of Representa-
tives.
The Secretary read as follows:
In the IIotisf. op Representatives,
March 24,1868.
Remised, That a message be sent to the Senate by
the Clerk of the House, informing the Senate that tho
House of Representatives has adopted a replication
to the answer of tho President of the United States,
to t lie articles of impeachment exhibited against him,
and that the same will be presented to the Senate by
the Managers on tho part of tho House.
Attest: EDWARD McPHERSON,
Clerk of the House of liepi'e&entatives.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senate will
receive the replication of the Managers.
Air. Manager BO(JTWELL. Mi-. President
and Senators, I am charged by the Managers
with presenting the replication which has been
adopted by the House of Representatives:
In the House op Representatives,
United States, March 24, 1868.
Replication by Ike House of Representatives
of the United States to the answer of An-
drew Johnson, President of theUnited States,
to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited
against him by the House of Representatives.
The House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States have considered the several answers
of Andrew Johnson, Presideut of the United
States, to the several articles of impeachment
against him by them exhibited in the name of
themselves an4 of all the people of the United
States, and reserving to themselves- all advan-
tage of exception to the insufficiency of his
answer to each and all of the several articles
of impeachment exhibited against said Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, do
deny each and every averment in said several'
answers, or either of them, which denies or
traverses the acts, intents, crimes, or misde-
meanors charged against said Andrew John-
son in the said articles of impeachment, or
either of them: and for replication to said
answer do say that said Andrew Johnson,
President of the United States, is guilty of the
high crimes and misdemeanors mentioned in
said articles, and that the House of Repre-
sentatives are ready to prove the same.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Edward McPherson,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The replication
will be received by the Secretary and filed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Chief Justice, I move
that an authenticated copy of the replication
be furnished to the counsel of the President.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE. When the Senate
sitting as a court of impeachment adjourned
yesterday evening, a motion was pending on
the part of the counsel for the President that
such time should be allowed for preparation
as the Senate might please to determine, and
thereupon the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Joiixsox] submitted an order which will be
read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read as follows :
Ordered, That the Senate proceed to the trial of
the President, under tho articles of impeachment
exhibited ngainst him at the expiration of ten days
from this day, unless for causes shown to tho con-
trary.
Th<3 CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
agreeing to the order.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I send to
the Chair an amendment, to come in im-
mediately after the word " Ordered," being in
the nature of a substitute.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to strike out all after the
word " Ordered," and to substitute what will
be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read as follows:
Now that replication has been filed, the Senate,
adhering to its rule already adopted, will proceed
with the trial from day to day (Sundays excepted)
unless otherwise ordered on reason shown.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The question is on
the amendment by way of substitute.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate retire to consider the pending
question.
Mr. SUMNER and others. No; no. •
The CHIEF JUSTICE. It is moved by the
Senator from Vermont that the Senate retire
to consider the question arising upon the order
moved by the Senator from Maryland and the
substitute proposed by the Senator from Mas-
! saehusetts. [Having put the question.] The
ayes appear to have it.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. SUMNER called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 23 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cor-
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Howe, Johnson, McCrcery. Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norton, Patterson of
New Hampshire,Patterson of Tennessee, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Van Winkle, Vielters, Willey, and Wil-
liams—29. ,, ,, , .
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Perry, Harlan,
Howard, Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Tr.um-
bull, and Wilson—23. '
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Wade and Yates—2.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. On this question
the yeas are 29 and the' nays are 28. _ So the
motion is agreed to, and the Senate will retire
for consultation.
The Senate accordingly, at twenty-five min-
utes past one o'clock, retired, with the Chief
Justice, to their conference chamber.
The Senate having been called to order in
their conference chamber,
The CHIEF JUSTICE stated the question
to be on the amendment proposed by Mr. Sum-
ner to the order submitted by Mr. Johnson.
Mr. JOHNSON modified the order submitted
by him so as to read:
Ordered, That the Senate will commence the trial
of the President upon the articles of impeachment
exhibited against him on Thursday, the 2d of April.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
order:
Ordered, That the further consideration of the re-
spondent's application for time be postponed until
the Managers have opened their case and submitted
their evidence.
Mr. CONKLING moved to amend the order
proposed by Mr. Johnson, by striking out
"Thursday, the 2d of April," and inserting
" Monday, the 30th of March instant."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on this amendment, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Cattell, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Drake, Ferry, Harlan,
Howard, Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson ofNow Hamp-
shire, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Ross, Stewart, Sumner,
Thayer, Tipton, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckalew, Cor-
bett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden,
Fowler, Frelinghuysem Grimes, Henderson, Hend-
ricks, Johnson, McCreery, Norton, Patterson of Ten-
nessee, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, and Vickers—24.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Wade and Yates-2.
So the amendment was agreed to.
_ The CHIEF JUSTICE stated the next ques-
tion to be upon the adoption of the order pro-
posed by Mr. Wiltjams.
Mr. WILLIAMS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Dixon, Grimes,
Harlan, Howard, Morgan, Patterson of Tennessee,
and Williams—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron, Cat-
tell, Cole, Conkling, Conness, Cragin, Davis, Doo-
little, Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden, Fowler.
Frelinghuysen, Henderson. Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, McCreery, Morrill ofMaine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norton, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Vickers, Willey, and Wilson—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Corbett, W^fle, and
Yates—3.
So the order proposed by Mr. Williams was
not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
proposed in the Senate Chamber by Mr. Sum-
ner to the order submitted by Mr. Johnson,
Mr. SUMNER withdrew his amendment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE stated the question
to be on the order proposed by Mr. Johnson,
as amended, as follows:
Ordered, That, the Senate -will commence the trial
of the President upon the articles of impeachment
exhibited against him on Monday, the 30th of March
instant.
Mi-. HENDRICKS moved to amend the
order by adding thereto the words, " and pro-
ceed therein with all convenient dispatch, un-
der the rules of the Senate sitting upon the
trial of an impeachment."
The amendment was adopted ; and the order,
as amended, was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, the Senate
agreed to return to the Senate Chamber.
The Senate returned to the Chamber, and
