4134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
met, after full and freo conference hnve agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to tlieir respective
Houses as follows:
T>iat thellouse of Ropresentatives recede fromits
disagreement to the first .amendment of the Senate,
and agrt-3 to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and asrrec to
the same,-with an amendment, as iollows: strikeout
thewoid "and"' after the word "first," and insert
the words "and third" after the word "second;"'
and tlmt the Senate agree to the samo.
That the House recede from its disngreement to
the third amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same, with an amendment adding thereto the fol-
lowing word*: "And in any such case it shall bo the
duty of the President to make such designation with-
out delay;" and that the Semite agree to the same.
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
JAMES 1<\ WILSON,
Managers on the part nf the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
GEOEUE VXUKKRS.
Managers 0)1 the pat t of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to tlio re-
port of the committee of conference.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boitwei.t.] yield to me
for a few moments?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. As a member of this
committee of conference 1 could not agree to
its action in one particular, but I do not sup-
pose that will have a moment's effect upon the
action of the House. 1 merely wish to say
that I prefer the bill as it passed the House in
regard to the Patent Office. In regard to
every other bureau the provision is that the
chief clerk shall act in the absence of the
chief of the bureau, or in case of a vacancy
shall supply the place of the cliicf of the bureau
and perform the duties of the office.
In regard to the Pension Bureau, the chief
clerk has been discharging the duties of Com-
missioner of Pensions for a considerable time
without any provision of law authorizing him
to do so. But in regard to the Patent Office,
there is a provision of law now in force, and
has, I believe, been in force for about twenty
years, that in the absence of the head of that
bureau, or where there is a vacancy in the
office of the head of that bureau, the clnef clerk
shall perform the duties of that office. Now,
I take it for granted that it is a fair presump-
tion that the chief clerk of the Patent Bureau
has always been appointed and his qualifica-
tions considered in reference to the discharge
of those duties. They have devolved upon
him frequently during the last twenty years,
i am inclined to think that at this time the
officer filling that position is as well qualified
as any under any previous Administration for
the discharge of that duty. Yet jn fact I
know very lutle about that. But I wish to say
this, that it seems to me that there is great
propriety in the bill as it is now proposed to
pass it. The provision is that in the absence
of the Commissioner of Patents, and where
there is a vacancy in that office unfilled, the
President shall designate one of the examiners
of the Patent Office to fill that office adinterim.
Now, it is known to the House that a con-
siderable portion of the business of the Com-
missioner of Patents is to review decisions made
by the board of examiners, and the result of the
bill, as it is now proposed to puss it, is simply
to allow an appeal from the board of exam-
iners to one ol the gentlemen sitting on that
board. It seems to me there is an absurdity
in this, and that it cannot remedy existing evils,
if there are any. Under the present system,
which is continued in this bill as to all the
other bureaus, the discharge of the duties of
the head of the bureau, in case of vacancy or
absence, is left to the chief clerk. This has
been the case with regard to the Patent Bureau
for twenty years. This is my chief objection
to the bill as proposed now to be passed.
I think that there are many difficulties grow-
ing out of the present organization^ of the
Patent Bureau. Now, the appeal is from the
board of examiners to the Commissioner of
Patents, and an appeal lies from the Commis-
sioner of Patents to any one of the judges of
the supreme court of the District ol Columbia,
the appellant selecting the judge and being
obliged to pay to him in advance twenty-five
dollars, his fee for hearing the cause. Now,
the judges of the supreme courtfor the District
of Columbia or of any other ordinary court,
know little or nothing in regard to the pateut
laws or the practice under the patent system
of our Government; but I think that we shall
in fact complicate the system by the provision
which is now proposed to be enacted, rather
than simplify it and make it more perfect.
For these reasons I have not been able to agree
to the bill as reported by the committee of con-
ference, and I have submitted these remarks
for the consideration of the House with the
hope that, thoy may affect, its action.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill
was originally passed by the Senate. The
House proposed as an amendment a substitute
for the entire bill, the object being to provide
for the performance of the duties of the offi-
cers of the departments and bureaus of the
Government whenever there should be a va-
cancy and that vacancy should not be filled by
the President in the manner provided by the
Constitution and existing law. Now, it so
happens in reference to the Pension Office that
the Commissioner of that bureau resigned
some time since. There was no provision of
law for the performance of the duties except
through an appointment by the President;
and the President has not made any appoint-
ment. Being at the office the other day, I
asked the chief clerk of the bureau by what
authority he was acting in signing pension cer-
tificates, and doing other acts imposing obli-
gations on the Government, lie said he knew
of no authority whatever under existing law,
but that, the Commissioner had resigned and
gone away; and he, the chief clerk, thought,
it necessary that the business of the bureau
should go on, and hence he was performing the
duties.
The Patent Office has not been in precisely
that condition, because the law establishing
that office provided that tbe chief clerk should
perform the duties in case of the death, resig-
nation, or absence of the Commissioner of
Patents. As this bill went from the House
the provision of the original law was sub-
stantially rcenacted. But the Senate, taking
what is, I think, upon the whole a more prac-
tical view of the business of the Patent Office,
made an amendment providing that whenever
the office of Commissioner of Patents shall, by
death, resignation, or absence become vacant,
one of the board of examiners shall perform
the duties. The House will do well to observe
that there are in the Patent Office examiners
who have original jurisdiction of applications
for patents; and a board of examiners com-
posed of three persons, to whom appeals are
made from the special examiners when the
applicant, is dissatisfied with the judgment of
the individual examiner. The amendment of
the Senate provides that the President, in case
of a vacancy, shall designate one of the board
of examiners, now consisting of three persons,
to perforin the duties of the Commissioner for
the time being.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Could
wo not insert at once tlio name of Mr. Foole,
and be done with the matter?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Very likely the gentle-
| man from Pennsylvania would be prepared to
! do that; 1 should not be. When the confer-
ence committee met to consider as a practical
question, in reference to the Patent Office,
whether the duties of that office should be
devolved upon the chief clerk or one of the
examiners, I, for one, had no doubt what our
duty was. In the first place these examiners
are appointed on account of their scientific
and mechanical acquirements, while the chief
clerkship is a merely executive office for the
transaction of correspondence and other like
duties and business of the office. In the next
place the examiners are higher in point of
salary, and in fact they are appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, which is not the ease with the
chief clerk. They are ranking officers in the
Patent Office as compared with the chief clerk,
As I understand the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] lie
inclines to the opinion this is legislating in
order to put a certain gentleman in his place.
All I have to say is that, hearing this rumor, I
took pains to ascertain how the amendment
was introduced in the Senate, and 1 found it
was introduced in the committee on motion of
a gentleman who has no sympathy with the view
of the question suggested by the remark of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and it was
carried in committee against the judgment of
a gentleman on that committee who might be
supposed to have ati interest under the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
As to what will happen I cannot say. There
are three examiners-in-chief. By the amend-
ment agreed to by the committee of confer-
ence, it is made the duty of the President of
the United Stales, having been guilty of neg-
lect in appointing a head for the Patent Office
as for other places, to designate one of these
examiners for the performance of this duty.
On which of these three gentlemen that desig-
ignation will fall I cannot say, but L believe
either of the three gentlemen—and I know
only two of them—I say I believe, from the
nature of the case, from the duties they have
been called upon to perform, that one of these
three examiners will be better qualified to per-
form the duties of Commissioner than the chief
clerk. [ say this with no disposition to bring
about the condition of things suggested by the
remark of the gentleman irom Pennsylvania.
1 now demand the previous question.
Mr. MeKEE. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. McKEE. I desire to know the reason
for a different rule in regard to filling vacan-
cies in the Patent Office from that in any other
office ? 1 see see no reason for it, and the gen-
tleman has given no satisfactory reason.
Mr. BOU 1'WELL. 1 will answer the gentle-
man from Kentucky. The reason why a dif-
ferent rule should prevail in the Patent Office
is very plain. In every other bureau the duties
are executive for the most part, but when a
Patent-Office question is to be decided in which
the public is concerned it is a decision involving
a knowledge of law and of the science of
mechanics and long experience. The chief
clerk, from the nature of his duties is not as
well trained as the examiners for this purpose.
By the very nature of their duties they are
constantly disciplined in the examination of
these questions, inquiring on every question of
a patent whether it has been anticipated by a
prior invention.
Mr. McKEE. I wish to say this in regard
to this proposition, and especially concerning
the chief clerk now acting as the head of the
bureau. So far as putting a man into the
office of the Commissioner of Patents to per-
form its duties, no one is better qualified than
the chief clerk, who is nowthe aciing Commis-
sioner, the duty having devolved upon him by
law. He was a lawyer for twenty years in full
practice until the breaking out of the war, and
after the struggle was over, alter he had done
battle for his country 
Mr. BOUTWELL. I must resume the floor.
Mr. McKEE. How can this bill give more
efficiency to the Patent Office by putting one
of the board of examiners into the place when
they aie subordinate and their duties inferior
to those of the head of the Department? They
are not better qualified than the present acting
Commissioner, and besides it will allow an ex-
aminer to revise his own decisions.
Mr. BOU 1 WELL. 1 do not care to go into
any inquiry touching the qualification of the
chief clerk. 1 hese examiners, by years of
experience, have come to understand all ques-
tions of law and mechanical science, and they
are better qualified to decide them than the chief
,?F 5' without any disparagement
of hnn. r 6
Mr. illEBS. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
