1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
and those who sympathize with him in this war
upon the people—i'or it results in this—they
are required, like the Israelites by Pharaoh,
to make brick without straw; we must pay
taxes, though he refuses us the money with
which to do so.
MR. M'CULLOCH'S PLAN.
The Secretary proposes to satisfy the wants
of the people with the national-bank notes,
which now amount to about three hundred mil-
lion dollars. All the other money is to be
withdrawn, preparatory to specie payment.
Let us see what will be our hope for a currency
if we are to look to the banks as now organized
and located. The total capital of the national
banks is about four hundred and twenty-four
million dollars, with ft circulation of about
three hundred million dollars. Now, that cir-
culation is distributed as follows:
The six New England States, with a popu-
lation of 3,440,881, have a national-bank cir-
culation of nearly one hundred and live million
dollars, being over thirty dollars to each indi-
vidual.
The five middle States, New York, New Jer-
sey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland,
with a population of 9,221,225, have a circu-
lation of $127,500,000—about fourteen dollars
to the individual.
The thirteen western States, Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota, Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska, Nevada,
California, and Oregon, with a population of
11,869,440, have a circulation of $54,000,000—
about four dollars and fifty cents to the indi-
vidual.
Thirteen southern States, witha population
of over nine millions, have a circulation of
$7,500,000—less than one dollar to each indi-
vidual.
Ohio will have seven dollars a head, while
Connecticut will have thirty-eight, Massachu-
setts forty-six, and Rhode Island seventy dol-
lars to each individual. Is it matter of surprise
that the West complains of a scarcity of money ?
In the East money is chiefly used by large
capitalists engaged in manufacturing, where it
passes rapidly from hand to hand, in an un-
broken stream ; a bale of cotton or a sack of
wool is entered at one door and paid for, and
before the sun goes down the same money is
returned at another door of the same establish-
ment for cloths or calicoes, and at night the
cash-book shows as much money on hand as in
the morning. Not so in the agricultural States.
The farmer requires a full year to make up
and square his cash account. He has to ex-
pend money for plowing, for sowing, for culti-
vating, for harvesting, for threshing, for freight-
ing to market; during all which time, he ispay-
ing out money, and it never returns until his
product is sold. Hence, more money is re-
quired by an agricultural people to carry on
their industrial pursuits with prompt payment,
than those whose business is to buy at one door
and sell at another, and the buying and selling
completed in a single day.
WHY WE PAY LARGE INTEREST.
The distribution of the currency is too glar-
ingly unjust, and it enables us to account in
some measure for the pressure^ in the West
during the last two years. While money at
Cincinnati and Chicago has been scarcely at-
tainable at ten, fifteen, and twenty per cent.—
often, indeed, at two per cent, a month inter-
est—in the East it has been abundant at five to
seven percent, per annum. This is the pen-
alty the West has to pay for short allowance of
circulation, and the people of the East who fur-
nish us from their abundance of circulation are
reaping the rich harvest our necessities afford
lhTh'e commercial business of Chicago for 1867,
■as published in the Republican of that city a
few days since, giving the names of merchants,
•mid the amount of business of each, loots up
full $250,000,000, and vet the banks of Chicago
afford only $4,000,000 ofcirculation. 1 he trade
of Cincinnati is not probably less than that of
Chicago, and Cincinnati has but three and a
third millions of circulation; each of those
cities have more population than the entire
State of Rhode Island, yet that State has a cir-
culation of more than twelve millions nearly
double the amount allowed to both those cities.
The national banks of Cincinnati loan about
six and a half millions to her business n!en j
and Chicago about eight and a half millions ;
while the banks of Rhode Island are enabled
to loan over twenty-one millions, and the city
of Boston over fifty-eight millions. Rhode
Island and Boston do not want the currency
enlarged. Oh, no; they are comfortable; let
those shiver who are left out in the cold. The
borrower of money in Ohio pays from ten to
twenty per cent, interest for the money he must
use in his business. The borrower in Boston
pays but five to seven per cent. In Boston they
have some thirty dollars to the head of cur-
rency. In Ohio they lu-ive seven dollars; that
explains the case. Ohio and the West asks for
more money. The East replies—-quantum suf-
ficit; and begins to talk of specie payment.
THE AMOUNT OF MONEY NEEDED.
Twenty-five dollars to the individual is none
too much money to answer the legitimate pur-
poses of the internal commerce of this country.
It should be more rather than less. We had
much more than that amount in 1805, and the
people made no complaint; indeed the country
never increased in real wealth so rapidly as when
money was abundant. The bulls and bears of
the money market, those who lie in wait for
panics—which they are ever striving to create—
complained, of course, and our Secretary gave
heed to them and ordered his course by their
chart; and that is the piloting that is rushing
us upon breakers. When things were well
enough the people were content, and the Secre-
tary, if he had consulted their interests, would
have been quiet; but the destroying angel had
whet his sword and was impatient to test its
capacity for destruction. Hard pressed as we
are for money, we are much better off, even now,
than the Secretary intends we shall be if he is
not arrested in his career of contraction. I
have said twenty-five dollars a head is little
enough money for the business wants of the
people. I can prove it. We have now, as
money, according to the Treasury report of
December last—
Of compound-interest notes  $71,875,040
Greenbacks and fractional currency 3S/.Sil.4,7
National bank notes  299,103,996
Cash in the Treasury  133,998,398
Present circulation $>892,848,911
Here is a circulation sufficient for thirty-six
million people at twenty-five dollars a head,
and with all this we suffer from scarcity! How
is it, you inquire? I will answer: in the first
place, this tampering with the currency, by re-
ducing it in various ways and by threatening to
force specie payment; second, by locking up
in bank vaults $180,GOO,000 of reserves, for
no practical purpose whatever; and another
$150,000,000 in the national Treasury ; thus
$330,000,000 are as effectually withdrawn as
if sunk in the ocean; the residue is farther
diminished by being drawn into the bond mar-
ket, the most tempting investment for private
capitalists that can be found in'the country.
I, perhaps, hazard nothing of truth in assert-
ing that the difficulties in the West in obtaining
long loans of money by men of business en-
terprise, is mainly attributable to the fact that
all the reserves of money in the hands of private
individuals, who used to lend money to their
husiness neighbors on long time are now in-
vested in five-twenties, because it is convenient,
it is safe, it is free from tax, and it pays good
interest. Thus the money is drawn from the
extremities to concentrate in the great centers
of trade—the cities of the seaboard; and thus
it is, that while money East loans plentifully
at five per cent, in the West it is difficult to be
had at ten to twenty per cent.
HOW WE CAN HAVE SPECIE PAYMENT.
It may be asked how is it possible to have
specie payment, with eight or nine hundred
million of circulation? In the first place, 1
reply, a sufficient circulation is a public neces-
sity, if specie payment never comes. la the
second place, specie payment must be brought
about with a full circulation, or it will bring uni-
versal bankruptcy upon the country, and crush
every vital commercial interest in the-land. it
we allow the McCulloch policy to proceed, and
the currency withdrawn to introduce gold and
silver in its stead, its effect will be to double
the burdens of the debtors, and m like propoi-
tion increase the wealth of the nole and bond-
holders. The national banks have $600,000,000
of the people's promissory notes, payable in
currency. Specie payment will convert those
notes into demands for gold. The banks make
fifty to one hundred per cent, by the simple
change from currency to coin, and the debtors
lose just in the same ratio. The banker is
made rich at a single stroke, and the debtor is
made a bankrupt.
And the same disastrous results will be real-
ized in the less noticeable, but perhaps more
extensive, indebtedness existing between per-
sons in private life—mortgage debts for loans,
for purchase of farms, notes for store bills,
for farm implements, for stocking farms, for
horses, wagons, machinery, &c.; debts amount-
mg to hundreds of millions of dollars* made
at currency prices, all of a sudden, at the ad-
vent of forced specic payment, to be doubled
and trebled; and thus the debtors will be
ground to powder under the increased burden
of their debts. If specic payment is brought for-
ward in a reasonable, natural way it will come
with a liberal—I may say a flush—currency.
Stop tampering with it; give it, official credit;
reduce the interest-bearing debt to the extent
of the means on hand, leaving less than fifteen
hundred million dollars at interest; and turn
this into a six per cent, debt, payable in lawful
money, and subject the bonds to State taxation;
a rigid economy in public expenditures^; revise
our tariff, so that instead of sending $150,000,-
000 of gold annually out of the country we
turn the current in our favor—then, with the
product of our mines, which is rapidly devel-
oping resources of incalculable and inexhaust-
ible wealth, and the gold necessarily brought
by the three hundred thousand emigrants that
annually come to make homes among us—all
these added to the §300,000,000 said to be in
the country now, and we have a pretty safe
foundation on which to establish specie pay-
ment. Banks in former times have maintained
specie payment with one dollar in coin to three
in paper. With a greenback circulation the
same or even better things can be accom-
plished. Three hundred million dollars of
gold would put $1,000,000,000 of greenbacks
at par with coin ; no reduction of the currency
necessary at all; no panic in business circles;
no breaking down of prices; no excuse for
indiscriminate bankruptcy—all would be quiet,
and the change so easy, so natural, that it would
scarcely produce a sensation.
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Our public debt is now $2,025,502,848, of
which $2,223,117,170 is at interest, amounting
annually to $130,000,000; and this the Secre-
tary proposes to increase until the entire debtis
funded and the interest runsup to 3150,000,000.
Then, having withdrawn all the greenbacks
when they stand in good credit and at par in all
the purposes of our internal trade, and having
converted them into gold-bearing bonds, dol-
lar for dollar, which bonds are immediately
worth forty per cent, premium above the green-
backs, and when he has taken away our cur-
rency by giviig bonds for them worth $140 to
the hundred, he forces specie payment upon
the people, thus doubling our bur-dens by in-
creasing the debt and diminishing the means
of paying it.
LET CS PAY ACCORDING TO LAW.
Reversing this ruinous policy of the Secre-
tary, let us substitute greenbacks for national
bank notes, supply the deficit in the circula-
