3110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
ence to which this stamp tax is most inconven-
ient had been sought out to be subjected to it.
Mr. Chairman, these stamp duties are a relic
of a departing system which has been in vogue
in England and France. The stamping system
in those countries has almost thrown out of
commercial circulation those articles upon
which stamps have been required. When our
internal tax law was first framed, precedents
were looked for, and the English law being
convenient this system was adopted. Gentle-
men have referred to the large profits which
they supposed to be made in the manufacture
of such articles as those embraced in the para-
graph now under consideration. Now, sir,
having investigated this subject, I say upon the
honor of a gentleman that there is to-day a
smaller percentage of profit upon this branch
of tradethan upon any other in this country
with which I am acquainted. Many articles
which a few years ago were a source of profit
not only to the proprietors, but to the adver-
tising press of the. country, are now yielding
no profit or are making bankrupt those who
own them. So much with reference to the
ability of these articles to pay the taxes here
imposed upon them. I have proposed to the
Committee of Ways and Means to fix upon
these articles an ad valorem, or specific tax.
They have not chosen to meet the question in
that way. Why is it, sir, that under this bill
an article of luxury is taxed one half per cent.,
while one of these articles which are in many
cases articles of necessity are taxed from six
per cent, to fifty per cent. In the whole enu-
meration I cannot find a single article which is
taxed less than six per cent. I ask gentlemen
of the House to divest themselves of the pre-
judices attempted to be created by the remarks
gratuitously offered by gentlemen on the other
side, and to look at this business in the same
manner they look at the business of the manu-
facturer of patent leather, the manufacturer of
pianos or of other articles mentioned in the
bill. Is it fair? Is it right? Is it becoming
practical men to make the invidious discrim-
ination proposed in this bill?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Barms's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. Schenck's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Perfumery and cosmetics.
For and upon evory packet, box, bottle, pot, vial,
or other inclosure, containing any essence, cxtract,
toilet water, cosmetic, hair-oil, pomade, hair-dress-
ing, hair restorative, hair dye, tooth-wash, dentifrice,
tooth-paste, aromatic cachous, or any similar articles,
by whatsoever name the same heretofore have been,
now are, or may hereafter be callcd, known or distin-
guished, used or applied, or to bo used or applied as
perfumes or applications to the hair, mouth, or skin,
made, prepared, and sold or removed for consump-
tion and sale in the United States, where such packet,
box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclosure, with its
contents, shall not exceed at the retail price or value
the sum. of twenty-five cents, one cent. Where such
packet, box, botlle, pot, vial, or other inclosure,
with its contents, shall exceed the retail pricc or
value of twenty-five cents, and shall not exceed the
retail price or value of fifty cents, two cents. V^here
such packet, box, bottle, pot. Vial, or other,inclos-
ure, with its contents, shall exceed the retail price
or value of fifty cents, and shall not excccd the retail
price or value of seventy-five cents, three ccnts.
Where such packct, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other
inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the retail
price or value of seventy-five cents, and shall not
exceed the retail price or value of one dollar,
four cents. Where such packet, box, bottle, pot,
vial, or other inclosure, with its contents, shall ex-
ceed the retail price or value of one dollar, for eacn
and every fifty cents or fractional part thereof over
and above the one dollar, as before mentioned, an
additional two cents.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the paragraph just read the following :
The sum of twenty-five cents, ono cent. Where
such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other inclo-
sure with its contents, shall exceed the retail price
or value of twenty-five cents, and shall not exceed
the retail price or value of fifty cents, two cents.
Where such packct, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other
inclosure with its contents, shall exceed the retail
price or value of fifty cents, and shall not exceed the
retail price or value of seventy-five cente, three cents.
Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial, or other
inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed the retail
price or value of seventy-five cent.?, and shall not
exceed the retail price or value of one dollar, four
cents. Where such packet, box, bottle, pot, vial.
Or other inclosure, with its contents, shall exceed
the retail pricc or value of orfe dollar, for each and
every fifty cents or fractional part thereof over and
above the one dollar, as before mentioned, an addi-
tional two cents.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Tobo fixed by the manufacturer of the article, and
stamped or printed thereon, the sum of twenty-five
cents, one cent; and where such packet, box, bottle,
vial, or other inclosure, with its oontents, shall
exceed such retail price or value of twenty-five cents,
for each and evory additional twenty-five cents, or
fractional part thereof, an addition of one cent.
Mr. BARNES. I move to strike out "retail"
and insert "wholesale." Mr. Chairman, I do
not think that this question is understood by the
House. Of course I have no idea that I can
make it better understood than it is now. I
will not take up the time of the committee in
arguing the question. It may appear that my
particular advocacy of subjects pertaining to
this class of cases has some personal motive
in it; and I desire to say that I ana a whole-
sale merchant in New York, and that hand-
ling this class of eases I understand the incon-
venience of this manner of paying duties. I do
not come here asking favors. I have not asked
that this class of manufactured goods or that
these merchants shall not be taxed as severely
as any others. But I do desire to present their
claims, as they have requested, upon the sim-
ple ground of equity. They merely wished to
be relieved from arrogance and trouble, and
the loss of stamps. They desire that Congress,
which makes laws now so onerous against
them, should understand that they were pay-
ing two or three taxes on their products. They
pay the wholesale druggist's tax, and the retail
tax, as well as their own tax.
Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire. Has
the gentleman any other objection to this mat-
ter of taxation except the expense of the
mechanical labor of putting the stamps upon
the articles ?
Mr. BARNES. There is a great deal of
expense. It will appear that these articles are
small in amount. They have to be spread
over immense premises in a damp state. The
room for conducting business of this kind
is large. Superintendence for the applica-
tion of these small stamps is large. The
manual labor in applying them is great. Then
there are the losses of stamps, which cannot be
exactly estimated, but it is a very large item.
Then in addition to all those annoyances to
these reputable manufacturers comes in the
fact that they pay, in no instance, less than six
per cent., and as high as fifty per cent, on the
top of special tax.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. Schexck's amendmentwas then adopted.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Friction matches, or lucifer matches, or other
articles made in part of wood, and used for like pur-
pose?, in parcclsor packages containing one hundred
matches or less, for each parcel or package, one cent.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows:
When in parcels or packages containing more than
ono hundred and not more than two hundred matches,
for each parcel or package, two cents.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike that
paragraph out.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
And for every additional one hundred matches or
fractional part thereof, one cent.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to insert after
the word "thereof" the words "an addition
of."
The amendment was agreed to.,
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman
whether he has made provision against a fraud
which "two years ago was largely practiced
against the Government in reference to these
stamps on matches ? Manufacturers of matches
made them of double length, and dipped both
ends, thus getting two matches instead of one,
which was a source ofcomplaint, and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue recommended
that it should be provided against.
Mr. SCHENCK. By regulation and decision
of the Department such matches are counted
as two matches.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
For wax tapers, double the rates herein imposed
upon friction or lucifer matches; on eigar lights,
made in part of wood, wax, glass, paper, or oth#r
materials, in parcels or packages containing twenty-
five lights or less in each parcel or package, one cent.
No amendment being offered, the Clerk read
the next paragraph, as follows :
When in parcels or packages containing more than
twenty-five and not more than fifty lights, twoeents.
For every additional twenty-five lights or fractional
part of that number, one cent additional,
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike that out
and insert in lieu of it as follows :
For every additional twenty-five lights or fractional
part of that number, an addition of one cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Playing-cards. For and upon every pack not ex-
ceeding fifty-two cards in number, irrespective of
price or value, five cents.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move to insert after
that paragraph the following:
Provided, Thatno stamp dutyshall ho required on
any certificate or receipt given for goods received
by any pawnbroker where the money advanced upon
said goods does not exceed dollars.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is not germane.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is to be added to the
provision in regard to stamps; therefore I
think it germane. I do request the Committee
of the Whole to hear me one moment on this
subject. It belongs to the stamp law, and
should go in somewhere.
Mr. ALLISON. If I understand it, it re-
lates to stamps on receipts.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is on certificates or
receipts given by pawnbrokers.
Mr. ALLISON. We have stricken out
stamps on receipts entirely.
Mr. ROBINSON. This is certificates. I
think the committee will see its importance.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. ROBINSON. In a great many cases
persons go to pawnbrokers with a very small
pledge, something of the value of a dollar, per-
haps, upon which they receive five or ten cents.
I believe it is now the requirement to put a
five-cent stamp on the certificate which the
pawnbroker gives, so that the person who
makes the pledge gets his five or ten cents and
then has to pay an additional five cents for the
stamp. This makes it ruinous to these poor
people. There is a story of a woman who, every
morning after breakfast, pawned her husband's
razor, and redeemed it so that her husband would
have it the next morning for shaving again.
That, perhaps, is an extreme case, but there
are cases where articles of the value of a dol-
lar upon which they receive ten or fifteen cents
arc pledged again and again, and as the law is
now interpreted—and I do not think the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been informed
of this interpretation—these pawnbrokers have
to affix a five-cent stamp on the certificate, and
these poor people have to pay for it. It is
wrong to compel these poor people to pay this
tax in this way. Having said this much, and
having put the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Schenck] in a good humor a minute ago, I
trust he will allow me to make this amend-
ment either in the place I have indicated, or on
page 145, line one hundred and fourteen, if it
is improper to be inserted here.
Mr. SCHENCK. When the gentleman asked
me to make an amendment in schedule C, I
said, "Certainly." It did not occur to me,
however, that he was going to make it to a
different part of the bill.
Mr. ROBINSON. I think it makes not
much difference where it goes in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope it will not go in
anywhere.
Mr. ROBINSON. I ask that it go in here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it oat
of order. The gentleman can introduce it as
an independentparagraph. It properly belongs
on page 145.
