THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
the Chief Justice resumed the Chair at twenty-
three minutes past three o'clock p. 111.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Chief Justice
is instructed to inform the counsel for the re-
spondent that the Senate has agreed upon an
order in responss to their application, which
will now be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That the Senate will commence the trial
of the President upon the articles of impeachment
exhibited against him, on Monday, the 30th of March
inst.mt,and proceed thereinwith nil convenient dis-
patch, under the rules of the Senate sitting upon the
trial ot'an impeachment.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Have the Managers
on the part of the House anything further to
propose ?
Mr. Manager BINGHAM. Mr. President,
we have nothing further to propose.
The CIIIEF JUSTICE. Have the counsel
for the respondent anything to propose?
[No response.]
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Will the President
allow me to give notice to the witnesses on the
part of the House of Representatives who are
m attendance, that they must appear here at
one o'clock on Monday, the 30th?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Half past twelve o'clock.
The rules provide for half past twelve.
Mr. Manager BUTLER. Half past twelve
o'clock on Monday, the 30th.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate sit-
ting for the trial of this impeachment adjourn
until Monday next, at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHIEF JL'STICE. The Senate sitting
as a court of impeachment stands adjourned
until half past twelve o'clock on Monday next,
the ROth instant.
Moxday, March 30, 1868.
At half past twelve o'clock p. m. the Chief
Justice of the United States entered the Sen-
ate Chamber, escorted by Mr. Pomeuoy, chair-
man of the committee heretofore appointed
for that purpose.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will open the court by proclamation.
The Sergeant-at-Arms, llearye! hearye!
hear ye ! All persons are commanded to keep
silence while the Senate of the United States is
sitting for the trial of the articles of impeach-
ment exhibited by the House of Represent-
atives against Andrew Johnson, President of
the United States.
The President's counsel, Messrs. Stanbery,
Curtis, Evarts, Nelson, and Groesbeek entered
the Chamber and took the seats assigned to them.
At twelve o'clock and thirty-live minutes
p. m. the Sergeant-at-Arms announced the
presence of the Managers of the Impeachment
on the part of the House of Representatives,
and they were conducted to the seats assigned
to them.
Immediately afterward the presence of the
members of the House of Representatives was
announced, and the members of the Commit-
tee of the Whole House, headed by Mi. E. B.
Washisurxe, of Illinois, the chairman of that
committee, and accompanied by the Speaker
and Clerk of the House of Representatives, en-
tered the Senate Chamber and took the seats
prepared for them.
The CHIEF J USTICE. The minutes of the
last day's proceedings will now be read by the
Secretary.
The Secretary read the proceedings of the
Senate sitting on Tuesday, March 21, 18158, for
the trial of Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States.
The CHIEF JUSTICE. Gentlemen, Man-
agers of the House of Representatives, you will
now proceed in support of, the articles of im-
peachment. Senators will please give their
attention.
Opening Argument of Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, one of the Managers on the im-
peachment of the President.
Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Senate:
The onerous duty has fallen to my fortune
to present to you, imperfectly as I must, the
several propositions of fact and law upon which
the House of Representatives will endeavor to
sustain the cause of the people against the
President of the United States, now pending
at your bar.
The high station of the accused, the novelty
of the proceeding, the gravity of the business,
the importance of the questions to be presented
to your adjudication, the possible momentous
result of the issues, each and all must plead
for me to claim your attention for as long a
time as your patience may endure.
Now, for the first time in the history of
the world, has a nation brought before its high-
est tribunal its chief executive magistrate for
trial and possible deposition from office upon
charges of maladministration of the powers
and duties of that office. In other times and
in other lands it has been found that despot-
isms could only be tempered by assassination,
and nations living under constitutional govern-
ments even have found no mode by which to
rid themselves of a tyrannical, imbecile, or
faithless ruler, save by overturning the very
foundation and framework of the Government
itself. And but recently, in one of the most
civilized and powerful Governments of the
world, from which our own institutions have
been largely modeled, wo have seen a nation
submit for years to the rule of an insane king,
because its constitution contained no method
for his removal.
Our fathers, more wisely founding our Gov-
ernment, have provided for such and all similar
exigencies a conservative, effectual, and practi-
cal remedy by the constitutional provision that
the "President, Vice President, and all civil
officers of the United States shall be removed
from office on impeachment for and conviction
of treason, bribery, or other high crimes and
misdemeanors." The Constitution leaves noth-
ing to implication, either as to the persons upon
whom, or the body by whom, or the tribunal
before which, or the offenses for which, or the
manner in which this high power should be
exorcised ; each and all are provided for by
express words of imperative command.
The House of Representatives shall solely
impeach; the Senate only shall try; and in
case of conviction the judgment shall alone be
removal from office and disqualification for
office, one or both. These mandatory provisions
became necessary to adapt a well-known pro-
cedure of the mother country to theinstitutions
of the then infant Republic. But a single inci-
dent only of the business was left to construc-
tion, and that concerns the offenses or inca-
pacities which are the groundwork of impeach-
ment. This was wisely done, because human
foresight is inadequate and human intelligence
fails in the task of anticipating and providing
for, by positive enactment, all the infinite gra-
dations of human wrong and sin by which the
liberties of a people and the safety of a nation
may be endangered from the imbecility, cor-
ruption, and unhallowed ambition of its rulers.
It may not be uninstructive to observe that
the framers of the Constitution, while engaged
in their glorious and, I trust, ever-enduring
work, had their attention aroused and their
minds quickened most signally upon this very
topic. In the previous year only Mr. Burke,
from his place in the House of Commons in
England, had preferred charges for impeach-
ment against Warren Hastings, and three days
before our convention sat he was impeached at
the bar of the House of Lords for misbehavior
in office as the ruler of a people whose tram-
I, bers were counted by millions. The mails
i i were then bringing across the Atlantic, week by
H week, the eloquent accusations of Burke, the
11 gorgeous and burning denunciations of Shevi-
d dan. in behalf of the oppressed people of India,
I against one who had wielded over them more
! than recral power. May it not have been that
! the trial then in progress was the determining
1 cause why the framers of the Constitution left
! the description ot offenses because ot which
i the conduct oi an officer might be inquired of
J to be defined by the laws and usages of Par-
! liament as found in the precedents of the
mother country, with which our fathers were
as familiar as we are with our own ?
In the light, therefore, of these precedents,
he question arises, What are impeachable
offenses under the provisions of our Constitu-
tion?
To analyze, to compare, to reconcile these
precedents is a work rather for the closet-than
the forum. In order, therefore, to spare your
attention, I have preferred to state the result
to which I have arrived, and that you may See
the authorities and discussions, both in this
country and in England, from which we deduce
our propositions, so far as applicable to this
case, I pray leave to lay before you, at the close
of my argument, a brief of all the precedents
and authorities upon this subject in both coun-
tries, for which I am indebted to the exhaustive
and learned labors of my friend, Hon. William
Lawrence, of Ohio, member of the Judiciary
Committee of the House of Representatives,
in which I fully concur and which 1 adopt.
We define, therefore, an impeachable high
crime or misdemeanor to be one in its nature
or consequences subversive of -some fundamental
or essential principle of government or highly
prejudicial to the public interest, and this ma)/
consist of a violation of the Constitution, of
law, of an official oath, or of duty, by an act
commuted or omitted, or, without violating a
positive laic, by the abuse of discrdionari/
powers from improper motives, or for any
improper purpose.
The first criticism which will strike the mind
on a cursory examination of this definition is
that some of the enumerated acts are not
within the common-law definition of crimes.
It is but common learning that in the English
precedents the words u high crimes and mis-
demeanors' ' are universally used; but any mal-
versation in office highly prejudicial to the
public interest, or subversive of some funda-
mental piinciple of government by which the
safety of a people may be in danger, is a high
crime against the nation, as the term is usW
■ in parliamentary law.
Hallam, in his Constitutional History of
England, certainly deduces this doctrine from
the precedents, and especially Lord Dan by,
case 14, State Trials, COO; of which he says:
"The Commons, in impeaching Lord Danby, west
a great way toward establishing the principle that
no minister can shelter himself behind the throne by
pleading obedience to the orders of his sovereign,
tie is answerable for the juvtiee, the hmie^tu, the
utility of all measure* emanating t'l'om the crown, as
well as for their I'-yali1!/; and thus the executive
administration is, or ought to be, subordinate in ull
great matters of policy to the superintendence and
virtual control of the two Houses of Parliament."
Mr. Christian, in his notes to the Commenta-
ries of Blackstone, explains the collocation and
use of the words '' high crimes and misdemean-
ors'' by saying:
41 When the words ' high crimes and misdemeanors,
are used in prosecutions by impeachment the words
'high crimes' have no definite signification, but arc
used merely to give greater solemnity tothecharge."
A like interpretation must have been given
by the framers of the Constitution, because a
like definition to ours was in the mind oi Mr.
Madison, to whom moie than to any other we are
indebted for the phraseology of our Constitu-
tion, for, in the First Congress, when dismiss-
ing the power to remove an officer by the
President, which is one of the very material
questions before the Senate at this moment, he
uses the following words:
"The danger consists mainly in this: tha,t the Pres-
ident ean displace from office a man whose merits
require he should be continued in it. In the lust
place, he will be impeachable by the House for sueb
an act of maladministration, for I contend tuat the
wanton removal of meritorious officers would subject
him to impeachment and removal from his own high
trust."
Strengthening this view, we find thai within
! ten years afterward impeachment was applied
by the very men who framed the Constitution
to the acts of public officeis which under no
! common-law definition could be justly called
; crimes or misdemeanors, either high or low.
Leaving, however, the correctness of our prop-
! osition to be sustained by the authorities we
