L868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
iion occasioned by the withdrawing of com-
pound-interest notes, until the amount of cur-
rency shall be fully adequate to the public
wants; buy up, as far as the means of the
Treasury wili admit, the bonds that are avail-
able according to the letter of the law, leaving
our public debt at interest, about fifteen hun-
dred millions, with an annual interest of only
$90,000,000 instead of $150,000,000, as we are
soon to have it if the Secretary shall be per
mitted to have his way in the matter. This is
the sensible and politic course to be_ taken, and
the more it is considered the more jt will com-
mend itself to the judgment of sensible, reflect-
ing men of all parties.
This plan works no hardship to^ any one,
repudiates no plighted laith, while it relieves
largely the burdens of taxation, and by sup-
plying the people with an ample currency ena-
bles them more easily to pay the taxes exacted
of them to sustain the credit of the Govern-
ment.
GREENBACKS OUR ONLY MONEY.
I propose no issue of greenbacks merely to
buy up the interest-bearing debt—that would
be a species of repudiation to which I give no
assent—but issue for the purpose of currency,
a thing we must have, and which the Govern-
ment can much better furnish than to leave v:s
to the shinplaster currency that necessity would
force into circulation if greenbacks are with-
held. We shall then have but one kind of cir-
culation—greenbacks. Everybody has confi-
dence in the ability of the Government to pay
every dollar of its indebtedness ; and, although
it may not immediately be able to infuse into
the circulation the golden element that will make
it stand at par with the money of the world, it
will not be long until its means will enable it to
do so without producing a crisis or a panic that
shall unsettle trade or the values of property,
but, gently and quietly, as the descending devv,
it will bring forward the much-desired specie
payment.
ENGLISH BONDHOLDERS COMPLAIN.
We are told the British bondholders will
complain if we pay our debts according to law.
I have no fears of any loss of character in Eng-
lish estimation on that score.^ England gives
her friendships and good opinions only when
and where she can coin them into money; she
holds faith with no nation when she can profit
by a breach of it; she acknowledges no Jaw,
no duty, that conflicts with her interests. When
we were in the midst of our troubles with the
rebellion she gave us no word of encourage-
ment, lent us no money; but to the rebels she
opened her ports and her money-chests; she
built for them pirate ships to prey upon our
commerce, armed and equipped them, and
manned them with her subjects, and lent them
her flag under which to carry on their piratical
warfare against us ; she lent them millions of
gold upon cotton bonds to aid them in their
efforts to break up thi3 Government—all this
did England, in violation of her treaty obliga-
tions to us, and in flagrant violation of the laws
of nations and the plainest principles of Chris-
tian duty toward a friendly Government. Are
we to tremble under the scowl of England with
her offensive record before us, and impose
upon our people unjust burdens to conciliate
the good opinions of so faithless a nation as
England has shown herself to be in her bear-
ing" toward us? I feel no such inclination.
England has our bonds, but how did she obtain
them ? Let me tell you first, she cried down
our credit by speeches in Parliament, by her
press, by her official bearing from the sovereign
down to" the lowest subaltern ; then, when our
bonds were worth but thirty or forty cents on
the dollar, she bought them up at second-hand,
and now, holding some six hundred million dol-
lars, for which she paid, perhaps, one half the
face, her friends here are clamorous for the
" due and forfeit of the bond.
Sir, while I would not return evil lor evil
nor do a dishonorable act because so treated
by England, vet I would be a little more free
to stand upon the letter of the law and shake
defiance in the teeth of those who when wo
asked of them "bread gave us a stone, when
we asked a fish gave us a serpent."
SPECIE PAYMENT AND MONEY PLENTY.
I have said we can have specie payment and
a flush circulation; we dare not have it in any
other way without breaking down the trade of
the country and bringing ruin upon the people.
To accomplish this we must first improve our
tariff; and if we cannot get the balance of
trade in our favor, as it was in 1860 and 1861,
lot us, at least, manage to stop the drain of
gold to pay the balance against us; this must
be done before we can ever resume specie
payment and maintain it under any plan; no
nation on earth can stand a gold drain of
$150,000,000 a year without commercial ruin.
Our annual accumulations of gold may be
set down as follows: $60,000,000 from our
mines, and say $25,000,000 brought into the
country by the three hundred thousand emi-
grants that yearly flock to our shores; both
these sources are more likely to increase than
diminish, and they are reliable for years to
come. Now, with the gold we have in the coun-
try, say §^00,000,000, (according to Mr. Hul-
burd, Comptroller of the Currency,) and the
accumulation of $85,000,000 a year, we shall
soon be able to establish and maintain specie
payment upon a firm basis, and our currency
growing annually as our population increases
and our uses for money enlarge, the financial
condition of the country will become the best
we have ever had and better than that of any
other country—more abundant and yet solid
as the gold upon which it is established,
NATIONAL BANK NOTES TO BE SURRENDERED.
Let our national banks surrender up their
circulation and supply the place with green-
backs, then add thereto until the volume of
circulation shall be adequate to the public de-
mand. By this means the interest-bearing
debt may be reduced to fifteen hundred mil-
lions, making the annual interest less than
ninety millions. Thus we save over sixty mil-
lions that would be lost by Mr. McCulloch!s
plan in the simple item of yearly interest. The
bonded debt being so largely diminished, it
would become a popular stock, and must ne-
cessarily assume a commanding position in the
money market much above par. That being
obtained, it needs no uncommon foresight to
see how readily a new loan could be effected
at the present rate of interest, payable in law-
ful money and subject to State taxation. Ohio
bonds bear six per cent, interest, payable in
lawful money and subject to taxation, and yet
they are not sold below par. Pennsylvania has
just accomplished a new loan at six per cent.,
payable, principal and interest, in lawful money.
The national Government ought to have as
commanding credit in the money market as
any of the States and be able to make as favor-
able loans. All it wants is the financial capacity
and fidelity to public interest in its agents and
officers that those States have, and then we
shall have like credit and like success. Then
we may begin gradually to raise by modeiatc
taxation something to apply annually to the
extinguishment of the principal debt.
A NEW LOAN NOT POLITIC NOW.
I would not now venture upon a new loan ;
the currency is too much disturbed and the
money circles too nervous to make any great
financial movement on the part of the Govern-
ment. Let us elevate the currency as 1 have
suggested, and when we shall have arrived at
specie payment, which need not be necessarily
remote, then we may change our loan ; and,
changing it for one payable- in lawful money, we
shall thereby prevent it from going abroad and
confine it to our own citizens, thereby relieving
us fioin the annual drain of gold to pay the
interest, and also make it the interest of our
people who hold the bonds to sustain their
credit and the credit of the eurroncy rather
than to cry them down, as is now the induce-
ment of holders, because thereby they enhance
the value of gold, and by so much increase
their installments of interest. We should not
overlook the great importance of so arranging
our currency and our bonds as that, every one
who is the owner of any portion of them should
have a personal interest iu sustaining ,he:n at
the highest credit.
THE NATIONAL BANKS.
With regard to the national banks, it is, per-
haps, less difficult amicably to adjust matters
with them than most persons suppose. 'The
people will be content with any plan that will
secure to the banker equality of rights, and
subject him to equality of burdens ; and no
honest banker can, in good conscience, ask
more. The great bone of contention is the
circulation of three hundred millions of their
notes, upon which they receive interest, and
interest, also, upon the bonds deposited as
security to the public for their redemption.
Why not let the Government supply that
circulation and save the interest, instead of
hiring the banks to furnish it, at a cost of
eighteen to twenty-four millions per annum?
Mr. Jay Cooke, who speaks in behalf of the
banks, and, I may add, the present able and
efficient Comptroller of the Currency, who
speaks advisedly and officially—both these
gentlemen eminent in position and certainly
worthy of great respect and credit—say that
the tax paid by the banks more than equals
the interest derived from the bonds deposited
to secure their circulation. Mr. Cooke, after
stating the amount between the Government
and the banks, says :
"This balance-sheet between the banks and the
people, every item of which is based upon official
data, shows that not, only is the 'eighteen million
subsidy' swallowed up by the very terms and strin-
gent provisions of the law, but an excess of $10,843,000
is paid in cash to the Government by the banks for
the privilege of existing."
Mr. McCulloch says:
"If an account were opened with the banks and
they were charged with the interest on $300,000,000
and tho losses sustained through those that have
failed, and credited with the interest on the United
States notes held by them as permanent reserves,
with tho taxes paid by them to the Orovernment and
the States, and with a commission covering only what
has been saved in transferring and disbursing public
money, it wili be ascertained that the banks were
not debtors to tlic United States."
LOSS OF CIRCULATION NO INJURY.
I do not stop to inquire into the trnth of the
facts set forth in the above extracts; if they
are true, then so much the better for the pur-
pose I have in view, the surrender of their
circulation; if to keep that circulation costs
the banks more than it is worth to them, they
will suffer no injury, no wrong-, by returning it,
that it may be replaced with greenbacks; this
will conciliate all conflicting views on that
subject and remove at least one great rock
of offense. I should expect this change to be
accompanied with all proper adjustment of
taxes, so that no semblance of injustice should
be done to the banks. I speak not from mo-
tives or feelings of hostility toward them ; they
are the great money centers of the country, and
will exist while our Government exists, as they
do exist in all civilized nations ; but let them
stand upon the common level of equality of
right with all others; nothing more, nothing
less. I would not wind them up; they are
indispensable agents in carrying on the inter-
nal commerce of the country; indeed, we could
not close them up without producing a fearful
money crisis. The people owe them over six
hundred million dollars, which, if the banks
were forced to wind up, would have to be paid
on short notice ; and surely our people are not
now in a condition for such a calamity. So
far from this, let the law be modified and let
banking be made open and free to all, and
1 then, instead of being monopolized by New
England and New York, let them be estab-
lished wherever the demands of trade, the in-
terests of the people, and the inclination of
capitalists shall justify; thus will we have a
more equal distribution of the circulation
throughout the country, and the most money
will seek the localities where it is most needed.
