80
SUPPLEMENT TO
■ furnish, we are naturally brought to the con-
sideration of the method of the procedure and
the nature of the proceedings in cases of im-
peachment, and the character and powers of
the'tribunal by which high crimes and misde-
meanors are to be adjudged or determined.
One of the important questions which meets
ns at the outset is: is this proceeding a trial,
as that term is understood so far as relates to
the rights and duties of a court and jury upon
an indictment for crime? Is it not rather more
in the nature of an inquest of office 1
The Constitution seems to have determined
it to be the latter, because, under its provis-
ions, the right to retain and hold office is the
only subject that can be finally adjudicated;
all preliminary inquiry being carried on solely
to determine that question, and that alone.
All investigations of fact are, in some sense,
trials, but not in the sense in which the word
is used by courts.
Again, as a correlative question:
Is this body, now sitting to determine the
accusation of the House of Representatives
against the President of the United States, the
Senate of the United States or a court?
I trust, Mr. President and Senators, I may
be pardoned for making some suggestions upon
these topics, because to us it seems these are
questions not of forms, but of substance. If
this body here is a court in any manner as
contradistinguished from the Senate, then we
agree that many, if not all, the analogies of the
procedures of courts must obtain; that the
common-law incidents of a trial in court must
have place; that you may be bound in your
proceedings and adjudication by the rules and
precedents of the common or statute law; that
the interest, bias, or preconceived opinions or
affinities to the party of the judges may be
open to inquiry, and even the rules of order
and precedents in courts should have effect;
that the Managers of the House of Representa-
tives must conform to those rules as they would
%e applicable to public or private prosecutors
of crime in courts, and that the accused may
claim the benefit of the rule in criminal cases,
that ho may only be convicted when the evi-
dence makes the fact clear beyond reasonable
doubt, instead of by a preponderance of the
evidence.
We claim, and respectfully insist, that this
tribunal has none of the attributes of a judi-
cial court as they are commonly received and
understood. Of coursc this question must be
largely determined by the express provisions
of the Constitution, and in it there is no word,
as is well known to you, Senators, which gives
the slightest coloring to the idea that this is a
court, save that in the trial of this particular
respondent the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court must preside. But even this provision
can have no determining effect upon the ques-
tion, because is not this the same tribunal in
all its powers, incidents, and duties, when other
civil officers are brought to its bar for trial,
when the Vice President (not a judicial officer)
must preside ? Can it be contended for a mo-
ment that this is the Senateof the United States
when sitting on the trial of all other officers,
and a court only when the President is at the
bar, solely because in this case the Constitu-
tion has designated the Chief Justice as the
presiding officer?
The fact that Senators are sitting for this
purpose on oath or affirmation does not influ-
ence the argument, because it is well under-
stood that that was but a substitute for the
obligation of honor under which, by the the-
ory of the British constitution, the peers of
England were supposed to sit in like cases.
A pear of England makes answer in a court
of chancery upon honor when a common per-
son must answer upon oath. But our fathers,
sweeping away all distinctions of caste, re-
quired every man alike, acting in a solemn
proceeding like this, to take an oath. Our
Constitution holds all good men alike honor-
able and entitled to honor.
The idea that this tribunal was a court seems
to have crept in because of the analogy to
similar proceedings in trials before the House
of Lords.
Analogies have ever been found deceptive
and illusory. Before such analogy is invoked
we must not forget that the Houses of Parlia-
ment at first, and latterly the House of Lords,
claimed and exercised jurisdiction over all
crimes, even where the punishment extended
to life and limb. By express provision of our
Constitution all such jurisdiction is taken from
the Senate and " the judicial power of the
United States is vested in one Supreme Court
and such inferior courts as from time to time
Congress may ordain and establish."
We suggest, therefore, that we are in the
presence of the Senate of the United States,
convened as a constitutional tribunal, to in-
quire into and determine whether Andrew John-
son, because of malversation in office, is longer
fit to retain the office of President of the United
States, or hereafter to hold any office of honor
or pro.fit.
I respectfully submit that thus far your mode
of proceeding has no analogy to that of a court.
You issue a summons to give the respondent
notice of the case pending against him. You
do not sequester his person—you do not require
his personal appearance even; you proceed
against him and will go on to determine his
cause in his absence, and make the final order
therein. How different is each step from those
of ordinary criminal procedure.
A constitutional tribunal solely, you are
bound by no law, cither statute or common,
which may limit your constitutional preroga-
tive. You consult no precedents save those
of the law and custom of parliamentary bodies.
You are a law unto yourselves, bound only by
the natural principles of equity and justice,
and that saluspopuli suprema est lex.
Upon these principles and parliamentary law
no judges can aid you, and, indeed, in late years
the judges of England in the trial of impeach-
ment, declined to speak to a question of par-
liamentary law, even at the request of the
House of Peers, although they attended on
them in their robes of office.
Nearly five hundred years ago, in 1388, the
House of Lords resolved, in the case of Belk-
nap and the otherjudges, "That these matters,
when brought before them, shall be discussed
and adjudged by the course of Parliament, and
not by the civil law, nor by the common law
of the land used in other inferior courts."
And that resolution, which was in contra-
vention of the opinion of all the judges of
England, and against the remonstrance of
Richard II, remains the unquestioned law of
England to this day.
Another determining quality of this tribunal,
distinguishing it from a court and the analogies
of ordinary legal proceedings, and showing that
it is a Senate ouly, is, that there can be no right
of challenge by either party to any of its mem-
bers for favor or malice, affinity, or interest.
This has been held from the earliest times in
Parliament even when that was the high court
of judicature of the realm sitting to punish all
crimes against the peace.
In the case of the Duke of Somerset, (1
Howell's State Trials, page 521,) as early as
1551, it was held that the Duke of Northum-
berland and the Marquis of Northampton and
the Earl of Pembroke, for an attempt upon
whose lives Somerset was on trial, should sit
in judgment upon him against the objection of
the accused because "a peer of the realm
might not be challenged."
Again, the Duke of Northumberland, {ibid.,
1 State Trials, p. 765,) Marquis of North-
ampton, and Earl of Warwick, being on trial
for their lives, A. D. 1553, before the court
of the Lord High Steward of England, one of
the prisoners inquired whether any such per-
sous as were equally culpable in that crime,
and those by whose letters and commandments
he was directed in all his doings, might be his
judges, or pass upon his trial at his death. It
was answered that, " If any were us deeply to
be touched as himself in that ease, yet as long
as no attainder of record were against them,
they were nevertheless persons able in the law
to pass upon any trial, and not to be challenged
therefor, but at the prince's pleasure."
Again, on the trial of Earls of Essex and
Southampton {ibid., 1 State Trials, p. 1335)'
for high treason, before all the justices of Eng-
land, A. D. 1600, the Earl of Essex desired
to know of my Lord Chief Justice whether he
might challenge any of the peers or no. Where-
unto the Lord Chief Justice answered "No."
Again, in Lord Audley's case {ibid., 3 State
Trials, p. 402, A. D., 1631) it was questioned
whether a peer might challenge his peers, as
in the case of common jurats. It was answered
by all the judges, after consultation, " he might
not." [This case is of more value because it
was an indictment for being accessory to rape
upon his own wife, and had no political influ-
ence in it whatever.] The same point was
ruled in the Countess of Essex's case, on trial
for treason. (Moore's Reports, 621.)
In the Earl of Portland's case, A. D. 1701,
{ibid., State Trials, p. 288,) the Commons
objected that Lord Sommers, the Earl of Ox-
ford, and Lord Halifax, who had been im-
peached by the Commons before the House of
Lords for being concerned in the same acts for
which Portland was being brought to trial,
voted and acted with the House of Lords in
the preliminary proceedings of said trial, and
were upon a committee of conference in rela-
tion thereto. But the lords after discussion
solemnly resolved " that no lord of Parliament,
impeached of high crimes and misdemeanors,
can be precluded from voting on any occasion,
except on his own trial."
In the trial of Lord Viscount Melville, A. D.
1806, {ibid., 29 State Trials, p. 1398,) some ob-
servations having been made as to the possible
bias of some portion of the peers, (by the
counsel for defendant,) Mr. Whitebread, one
of the managers on the part of the Commons,
answered as follows:
" My lords, as to your own court, something has
boon thrown out about the possibility of a challenge.
Upon such a subjeetit will not bo necessary to say
more than this, which has been admitted: that, an
order was given by the House of Commons to prose-
cute Lord Melvilie in a court of law where he would
have the right to challenge his jurors." *
f "What did the noble viscount then do by tho
means of one of his friends?" * * * *
"From the mouth of that I earned gentleman came at
last the successful motion : ' that Henry, Viscount of
Melville, be impeached of high crimes and misde-
meanors.' I am justified, then, in saying that he
is hereby his own option." 4 * * * "But,
my lords, a challenge to your lordships! Is not every
individual peer the guardian of his own honor?"
In the trial of Warren Hastings the same
point was ruled, or, more properly speaking,
taken for granted, for of the more than one
hundred and seve'nty peers who commenced
the trial but twenty-nine sat and pronounced
the verdict at the close, and some of those
were peers- created since the trial began, and
had not heard cither the opening or much of
the evidence; and during the trial there had
been by death, succession, and creation, more
than one hundred and eighty changcs in the
House of Peers, who were his judges.
We _ have abundant authority also on this
point in our own country.
In the case of Judge Pickering, who was
tried in March, 1804, for drunkenness in office,
although undefended in form, yet he had all
his rights preserved.
This trial being postponed a session, three
Senators—Samuel Smith of Maryland, Israel
Smith of Vermont, and John Smith of New
York—who had all been members of the House
of Representatives, and there voted in favor
of impeaching Judge Pickering, were Senators
when his trial came off.
Mr. Smith, of New York, raised the ques-
tion, by asking to be excused from voting. Mr.
Smith, of Maryland, declared "he would not
bo influenced from his duty by any false deli-
cacy ; that he, for his part, felt no delicacy
upon the subject; the vote he had given in the
other House to impeach Judge Pickering would
liave no influence upon him in the court; his
constituents had a right to his vote, and he
would not by any act of his deprive, or consent
