1064
the congressional globe.
February 8,
no banks of issue.
Let us have no banks of issue, no money
but greenbacks and coin; we will thus escape
the ruinous consequences that have hitherto
attended the crash of banks; let come what
may, the currency standsunaffected, because it
depends for its redemption, not upon banks,
but upon the Government. By removing
the national bank currency and substituting
greenbacks we remove a serious obstruction
to specie payment, and we avoid also the con-
traction and expansion process that occurs
with banks of issue almost as certain but not
bo regular as the tides; if an effort shall be
made to resume specie payment the banks
will immediately seek safety in retiring their
own notes or fortifying with greenbacks, so
that when coin shall be demanded they will
have their circulation under cover or green-
backs sufficient to take it up. No one can
blame them for this precaution, and yet it will
practically withdraw three hundred millions
from circulation. Not so if we have nothing
but greenbacks afloat as a circulation, for it is
indispensable to public safety that specie pay-
ment be established with a fall volume of cur-
rency. Three hundred millions, of gold now
in the country and fresh supplies pouring in
at the rate of near one hundred millions a year,
and the outgoing stream stopped, as I have
already indicated, there can be no reasonable
doubt that our currency could soon bo made
good as gold, and in amount sufficient for all
the wants of the nation.
GBEENBACKS AND GOLD.
Such a currency cannot fluctuate; it will be
uniform in value and in quantity; 110 banker
will call it in, fearing a run upon his bank,
but his interest will be to keep it out in activc
use, bearing him interest. No reserve funds
will have to be locked up idle in the bank
vaults; the circulation has the Government as
its indorser, and as is the credit of the Gov-
ernment so will be the credit of the money it
furnishes to the people. Tight as our money
matters are now, there are locked up and with-
drawn from circulation at this time probably
$150,000,000 of reserves to protect the banks.
Banks of issue often attain to great credit with
the people, and sometimes have the semblance
of strength and solvency, yet few things are so
deceptive and nothing more frail and unreal
than banks of issue, and nothing so calamitous
to the commercial interests of the people as
the crises they have so often precipitated'upon
the country. Take from them this element of
weakness and of danger, and while we shall
thereby do them no wrong we will confer a
lasting benefit upon the people.
But it may be asked can banks live if de-
prived of the right to issue paper for circula-
tion? Mr. Jay Cooke says they pay more for
the circulation they issue than it is worth; then
they lose nothing by its withdrawal. Other
banking institutions live and flourish without
it, and if the national banks cannot stand alone
it is conclusive evidence of their want of ca-
pacity to answer the purposes designed, and
the sooner the people know it the better.
how banks can have monet.
The banks have now deposited, to secure
their circulation, $332,000,000 in Government
bonds. With these naked bonds they can do no
effective banking; but they can exchange them
for greenbacks, upon which they can bank as
safely and as profitably as upon so much gold.
Men hire money for all other business pur-
suits and think it no hardship, and it is difficult
to see how banks can complain if required to
pay for the use of money they employ in their
business; but you say greenbacks are not
money. I answer they are money to all intents
and purposes, as much so as gold is money;
they pass at the value stamped upon them,
and so does gold. It is the Government stamp
upon the face of both that gives them the
specific value at which they pass from hand to
hand as money. If a banker wanted gold to
bank upon he would scarce expect any one
so liberal as to loan it to him without interest, i
Why ask paper money upon different terms
than those upon which gold is to be had, when
it serves all the purposes of money equally
with gold ?
THE ORIGIN OF GREENBACKS.
The Government found the country without
a circulating medium ; it made a virtue of its
necessities and coined its credit into money, to
supply the wants of the people; they accept it
as such, and submit their properly to be valued,
bought, and sold by its standard. Shall it be
taken and regarded as money by every one
except bankers? Do they loan it at their coun-
ters without interest because it is paper? Not
so; you must pay interest to them on loans of
paper the same as upon gold. Then let them buy
or borrow it as all others do, and we shall have
no further trouble on that score. Banks and
people will be accommodated with a currency,
the best possible for the present, with the best
prospects for an early improvement to the stand-
ard of gold, and whatever of profit is derived
from its use as a currency inures not to the
benefit of private corporations, but to the Gov-
ernment of the people who use it.
TAXIiS AND DISBURSEMENTS.
It remains now to notice the question of
taxation, and then 1 will have accomplished all
that was contemplated in my present purpose.
Hitherto we have been heavily taxed, and our
people, out of patriotic regard tothe sacred cause
iu which our debt was made, have borne its
burdens with great patience. But now we have
reached a point in our progress at which we
may ease off the burden somewhat and take a
season of rest. As we have no war let war
taxes be dispensed with and the Government
be put upon a peace establishment, and as far
as is possible bring back the public expendi-
tures to the sum at which they stood when the
rebellion disturbed the repose of the nation. I
do not expect to see it so small as in 1860 or
any former year of peace. We have grown
rapidly even during the war, and the process
of national development at the present time is
moving rapidly onward and upon a gigantic
scale. The great West, that so long remained
an unexplored region, a land unknown, has
been relieved of its native wildness and con-
verted into Stales and Territories, where edu-
cated, intelligent people are flocking by thou-
sands, building themselves homes, establishing
governments, and spreading the blessing of civ-
ilization and religion overa country but recently
a barren waste. Two great iron belts are stretch-
ing from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
over which the iron horse with his extended
train is now bearing westward a foretaste of
the burdens of commerce which will be heaped
upon him when those great lines of travel and
trade shall have been completed and the great
mineral and agricultural wealth of the far West
and the Pacific slope shall crowd upon the
markets of the world. Our country has grown
vastly since the war began, and so wonderful
are its capacities for development that war
itself, great as it was, did not seriously arrest
its growth. Oar expenditures will necessarily
be large when compared with former years,
but compared with the national growth they
will not excite surprise. It has been estimated
by Mr. Wells, Commissioner of the Revenue,
that the annual expenses of the Government
maybe reduced as follows :
For interest on public debt $130,000 000
For civil sorvice  40,000,000
£or war  53,000,000
For Navy  21,000,000
lor pensions  21,000,000 ,
For Indians  5,000.000 j
$270,000,000
Our disbursements for these items last year
were $315,720,129, showing a reduction of
nearly seventy-seven millions. Last year we
paid nearly one hundred and six millions
of the principal of the public debt; that we
propose not to diminish further at this time.
Our revenue from all sources last year amounted
to over four hundred and ninety millions. This
year we propose to bring it down to two hun-
dred and seventy, and probably less. This
amount can be raised without disturbing or
distressing the people and in a manner that
■will enable the Government greatly to econo-
mize the expense of collection, say—
From customs 8170,000,000
From whisky, &c.    50,000,000
From fermented liquor  6,000,000
From tobacco  20,000,000
From stamps  18,000,000
From banks  13,000,000
$277,000,000
This can be accomplished beyond doubt;
and with an honest administration of the law
taxing spirits it can be largely increased over
these figures, leaving still other sources of
revenue, if required, such as license, legacies,
gross receipts on sales, and incomes; but
totally abandoning the tax upon iron, and its
products, and machinery and manufactures,
from which nearly sixty-eight millions were
derived last year.
So much for improvement upon the condi-
tion of affairs as they now stand.
what may be done.
Let me now present the case as it would
stand if my views were adopted as I have pre-
sented them. Expense of Government, as
follows:
Interest on public debt  $90,000,000
For civil service  40,0(X),000
For war, including bounty  53,000,000
For Navy  15,000,000
For pensions  21,000,000
For Indians  5,000,000
8224,000,000
To be met by revenue derived as follows:
Customs  8130,000.000
Whisky  50,000,000
Fermented liquor  6 000 800
Tobacco  20,000,000
fa tamps •.  18,000,000
8224,000,000
I count nothing for premium on gold derived
from customs, because I expect our currency
to be at par with gold very soon, if the neces-
sary measures are adopted as suggested. I
reduce the receipt for customs because I ex-
pect such changes to be made in the tariff as
will encourage the production of certain arti-
cles within our own country which we now buv
abroad and pay gold for, and to that extent the
customs would fall off. All this is reasonable
and practicable. It is plain in theory and sim-
ple in practice,_ and may be speedily adopted
without producing any injurious sensation in
the business of the country; without unsettling
values or disturbing the relation between debtor
and creditor in the many hundred millions of
private debts existing; without any violation
of plighted faith to bondholders or banks, but
done with right and justice and equity and law,
and, 1 might add, humanity, all on the side of
the Government.
rrCLIC FAITH TO EE KEPT SACRED.
Does the bondholder complain? Let him
turn to his bond and read it, and as it stipu-
lates so will we pay to the uttermost farthing-
take the due and forfeit of thv bond, but not
a drop of Christian blood." But bondholders
will lose greatly. What will they lose ? Thev
lose the opportunity of making larger interest
oil an overburdened Government "whose heavy
weight of debts should admonish them that
there is a point beyond which human endur-
ance may not be trusted, and intolerable bur-
dens lead to revolution, in which debts are
paid without money. The banker may com-
plain ol broken faith, because, having found
the law favorable to the accumulation of large
profits, he is unwilling to let go his hold and
accept terms that will place him upon a com-
mon equality in the race for thrift with his
fellow-man : but let him look to the law under
which he holds his franchise ; he will see that
Congress has reserved to itself the right to
change, alter, and amend the same at pleas-
ure. ^ The time to_ amend has come; public
opinion and public justice require it; and
while Congress should not hesitate to do its
