1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2089
the bill itself, sometimes no connection with
the^ subject of the appropriation, and which I
believe to be injurious and detrimental.
Mr. HO WARD. I ask for the reporting of
the amendment as offered by the Senator from
Vermont. We did not understand it in this
part of the Chamber.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know why
the Senator does not extend this rule to stand-
ing committees. With the Senator's amend-
ment a standing committee can still propose
any sort of general legislation to an appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; for the rule will
then read:
"No amendment shall be received to any appro-
priation bill unless it be made to carry out the pro-
visionsof some existing law orsome act or resolution
previously passed by the Senate during that session,
or moved by direction of a standing or select com-
mittee ot the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from the head of some of the Departments."
If moved by the direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate an amendment
to a general appropriation bill can be made,
not in regard to the amount of the appropria-
tion, but any description of amendment, as I
understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I have said, I have
only advanced the general proposition that we
ought to exclude from appropriation bills this
sort of legislation ; and, so far as I have already
gone, I now see—my attention had not been
before called to that precise language read by
my friend from Iowa in the center of the rule—
it only limits this exclusion to propositions
made by individual Senators. If the Senate
think that is wise, then the next question will
be, is it wise, also, to take this right of amend-
ment away from a committee? I think, my-
self, as to matters of general legislation, when
any committee in this body can report a bill
at any time—the rules provide that they may
report by bill at any time—it would be wise to
take this power away from the committees,
and if the Senate agree with me in that we
can very readily make that proposition. But
some Senators might believe that individual
Senators ought not to have the power to spring
general legislation on appropriation bills while
a committee who had the subject under con-
sideration might properly be permitted to report
such an amendment. The two things are not
necessarily in equal degree of propriety or im-
propriety, and it will be for the Senate to say,
if they agree that it ought to be limited, how
far the limitation ought to go.
Mr. GRIMES. I have had a little experience
on this subject. I have seen here in this Sen-
ate where an appropriation bill, for example
uii appropriation bill to defray the expenses of
the Army has been under consideration, some
gentleman connected with the Committee on
the District of Columbia has gone around and
seen the members of his committee and got
their assent to put on a proposition altogether
different from that which should pertain to an
Army appropriation bill, and overcame the
rule in that regard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That shows that we ought
to go further.
Mr. GRIMES. I doubt exceedingly whether
we had better tie ourselves with any such pro-
vision as this. It sometimes becomes very
important, I think, that we should limit or re-
strain, or enlarge, if you please, or regulate in
some way the method in which a particular
appropriation should be expended. I have
seen, I think very wisely, propositions added
to some appropriation bills this year with re-
gard to the excess of appropriations that have
lapsed over from last year back intothe Treas-
ury. That can be applied to particular De-
partments, not to all; and in the general man-
ner in which it has been attempted to be applied
by the House of Representatives, and to which
we, in one or two instances, assented,_ there
cannot be any harm in such a provision in
many instances, and great good may be accom-
plished.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator first
offered the amendment I supposed he intended
to take away from the committees of this body
the power to report amendments to appropria-
tion bills. If so, I shall object to it very strenu-
ously. The Committee on Finance are already
considering a number of propositions made with
a view to reduce expenditures, with a view to
ingraft them upon bills which provide for the
expenditures of the current year as the proper
place for them. General legislation on these
subjects, without the power to amend appropria-
tion bills, would be very difficult, indeed, and
the difficulty to get up a small bill by itself
would make it substantially impossible.
I do not know that I have any objection to
the amendment so far as it is actually proposed,
because sometimes the Senate is embarrassed
by amendments suddenly sprung upon it by
individual members of the body, even where
they do not propose to make appropriations;
but there may be times of high importance
when the Senate may choose to assert its power
to declare a principle upon the motion of a
single member of the Senate where the com-
mittees probably have not had time or formal
occasion to consider the amendment. I do not
think, therefore, that it would be wise for the
Senate to tie up its power over those subjects.
The power to propose additional appropria-
tion sis already limited sufficiently by the second
clause ef this rule providing that all such
amendments must be sent to the Committee on
Appropriations. Thus that committee is en-
abled to prepare itself in advance to resist
improper amendments; but questions of gen-
eral political power, questions of the reduction
of office, or a proposition to repeal or to change
a law regulating an office, it seems to me ought
to be left open to the action of the Senate.
There is no practical difficulty growing out of
this rule except that sometimes Senators attach
to appropriation bills long discussions about
collateral matters. I do not know that that
can be avoided.
Mr. CONNESS. That is within the power
of the Senate at all times.
Mr. SHERMAN. Usually the Committee
on Appropriations can crowd off or defeat those
amendments if they are glaringly bad. If a
majority of the Senate are strongly in favor of
an amendment, thereis no reason whyitshould
not be attached to an appropriation bill; but
generally the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations can crowd off such proposi-
tions unless there is an overwhelming senti-
ment of the Senate in favor of them. So that,
practically, I do not think it would be wise to
go further than we have already done in the
second clause of the thirtieth rule, which gives
to the Committee on Appropriations power to
consider all propositions to increase appropri-
ations. The amendment of the Senator would
prevent us from increasing the amount pro-
posed. For instance, the Committee on Appro-
priations may report that $30,000 are required
for a particular service. Under this proposi-
tion we could not increase the amount with-
out a report of the committee. No member,
although his own individual opinion was that
$50,000 should be appropriated, could move
any amendment increasing or diminishing the
sum by the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, unless, perhaps, by mov-
ing some other amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I said, so far as an
amendment moved by any Senator is con- 1
cerned, I propose, if this be agreed to, if the j
principle be agreed to so far. to provide at the j
end of the rule a qualifying clause that any '
Senator shall have the right to move to strike
out one sum and insert a smaller one. As the
rule now stands I will say to my friend from
Ohio that no Senator, when an appropriation
bill is reported, has a right to move to strike
out the sum reported and insert a larger one.
Mr. GRIMES. Unless he gives notice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The rule as it stands
only applies to "additional appropriations."
It does not apply to the alteration of an appro-
priation already made.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question that
is open to debate. I have seen it practiced ia
that way and sometimes in the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; the uniform
practice of the Senate is that it has been
applied to a new appropriation, because it has
always been the custom for a Senator to move
to enlarge or diminish an appropriation as he
pleases, and I have never heard it objected to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I still have the
floor. I simply desire to say that we ought
not to tie our hands in this way. The rule, as
proposed by the Senator from Vermont, would
be evaded by a member of a committee going
around and getting the authority of his com-
mittee here on the floor, and then, under the
rule, he could move his proposition. It is
simply to take away from an individual Sena-
tor the power of making a motion to amend
and requiring it to come from the majority of
a committee whose consent can always be ob-
tained informally. I do not see that any good
is to be accomplished by it, and I shall vote
against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In one aspect
of the proposition of the Senator from Ver-
mont it seems to me to be desirable, and that
is that it shall not be regarded as a proper
thing to amend an appropriation bill by general
legislation. I do not understand it to go any
further than that. That is the rule of the
House of Representatives. No Representa-
tive, as I understand, is authorized to move
any such legislation upon an appropriation bill;
and it seems to me that a rule of the Senate in
harmony with that rule would be advantageous
to us. To that extent I should be very glad to
see the proposition adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator this question: suppose an appropriation
bill comes here from the House of Represent-
atives, as several have during this session, with
general legislation ingrafted upon it; under
this amendment can we amend that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In our commit-
tee, I suppose, we could.
Mr. GRIMES. Can we here, in the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not on the motion of a
Senator.
Mr. GRIMES. For example, we had before
us the other day the general pension appro-
priation bill, on which there was a provision
abolishing the prize laws in effect and dis-
pensing with the naval pension fund. Could
we modify and amend that proposition in the
way that we did upon the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] under this
amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think we might
very properly, because the rule would not re-
strain us in that direction.
Mr. GRIMES. This rule if adopted?
Mr. MORllILL, of Maine. I had not sup-
posed it would.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The thirtieth rule is
confined, as I understand it, exclusively to
amendments proposing additional appropria-
tions. It does not go any further than that.
Although there are many inconveniences aris-
ing from general legislation being put upon
these bills, yet, 1 think, it would not be safe to
deprive ourselves of all power in that partic-
ular. So far as the rule stands, I think it is
well enough with regard to appropriations;
and with the addition to the rnle that has been
lately made, requiring that all amendments
proposing new items of appropriation shall be
sent one day beforehand, at least, to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, we are perfectly
safe, so far as the object of that rule is con-
cerned, which is confined to amendments that
propose additional appropriations. Now, then,
the only question is whether we propose to
make a rule which shall cut off at ouce all
legislation from appropriation bills which does
not have particular reference to appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Unless reported by a com-
mittee. , ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless reported by a
committee. I do not see tlis necessity ot that,
because it may very frequently that it
