1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4187
first vote, and who will ultimately occupy the
places we now hold, and be affected for good
or for ill by the policy we may now adopt. No
man has a right to treat this question lightly,
and when we seeaconveution held lay an adverse
party it is our duty to criticise fairly but rigidly
its acts, and to ask of what personnel it is
composed.
If we find that its proclamations of princi-
ples are only a bait for votes ; if we find that
its resolutions are inconsistent, the one with
the other, and all contradictory of the resolu-
tions of previous years ; if we find that instead
of being a party promoting the prosperity of
the country it is the party who attempted the
life of the country ; if we find that it is a party
whose policy was suicidal in peace and fratri-
cidal in war ; if we litid that it is a party which
has adhered (o no principle in times past ex-
cept the principle of perpetuity; if we find
that the men who now lift their voices as its
leaders are unworthy men who bared (heir
blades in rebellion ; if we find there a gather-
ing of all who are wildly ambitious, thoroughly
unscrupulous, and dangerously discontented,
then we may safely say their pledges are all
false; and we may warn not only the soldi-
ers and sailors but all good men, and par-
ticularly all young men, to avoid their snares
and flee from their delusions. It requires
an unusual condition of public affairs to pro-
duce such an unusual platform, and we re-
quire to know what that condition is before
we can judge of it. Let us see what is the
condition and what produced it. A very few
years ago the Democratic party were in power.
They had been in power lor many, many
years before. Whatever of good there was in
their policy they had had time to develop it.
Whatever of evil there was they had had op-
portunity to correct it. They did neither the
one thing nor the other. There were no hos-
tile armies then. The people imagined that
(here was peace. A few only believed that
there could be war. But war was imminent.
Under the surface of peace that party were
preparing for war. In the council chambers
of the nation they howled for war. In the dif-
ferent Departments of the Government where
they were trusted and uncontrolled they were
preparing for war. In the minds of the young
and unsuspecting they sowed the seeds of war.
In their newspapers they threatened war. In
the lecture-room, in the college, from the pul-
pit and the rostrum they invoked war, and
finally, when they judged the time had come
when the nation was most helpless and the
weapons of defense most useless, they made
war, and war of what kind? Actual war,
treasonable war, war against those who had
loved and fostered them, upon codwellers
under the same roof and brothers by birth
and blood. How did war find us ? It found
us as the ship is found when pirates -scuttle
her, open to the mercy of the waves and
ready to be ingulfed.
We had made no preparation for war. The
military and naval establishments were on a
peace footing, and even the skeleton had been
disjointed. Treason was in the high places,
and consternation pervaded everywheie else.
That which might have been efficient in a pinch
had been weakened by treachery or paralyzed
by surprise. We had few troops, few guns,
few forts, few sail, and few commanders.
Scarcely a man in the North out of the regular
Service knew the first movements in the school
of the soldier. The knowledge of arms had
not been sought, and material and munition of
war had sparsely been provided. We had no
money to carry 011 a war. We had no policy
declared to carry us through a war. But war,
bloody, dreadful, disrupting, came upon us,
hud we had to meet it as best we could. The
first thing was to get money. We issued the
greenbacks. Whether that was the wisest
tiling to be done is not the question. At that
time it seemed to be the only thing we could
do, and therefore we did it.
But greenbacks were not sufficient. We
issued-the-bonds of various kinds because we
needed more -money and we had to offer se-
curity of some kind for it, and that seemed to
be at that time the best that could be offered.
Whether it was so in fact or not is not now
the question. They were issued and are not
yet redeemed. Spite of all this we got heavily
in debt. The war was a gigantic one. Armies
were raised whose numbers astounded the
world. Battles were fought whose slaughter
saddened the world. Destruction of property
followed whose amount might bankrupt a
| nation. But -we were fighting for the life and
j liberties of this people and to solve the prob-
lem of man's capability for self-government;
we could not stop. We were compelled to go
on ; and debt followed us as fast and as far as
we went—heavy, crushing, appalling debt.
Laws were defied, and we compelled their
obedience. When the civil power was too
weak we took the strong arm with the sword.
States were insurgent and the people threw off
their allegiance. We took the Government
from those who east it off, and we gave it to
those who fought to maintain it. Our debts
were falling due and we taxed the people to
pay them. The taxes were heavy; but the
debts were heavy, and the Army expenses
were enormous.
In so far as we could we struggled to keep
down our debt and to keep up our credit.
What else? We found slavery had been a
cause of war; but we found also that war abol-
ished slavery. What next? We found those
who had been slaves were true; and those who
should have been true were false. We gave
the slave a musket because we found he was a
man ; and we gave hiin a ballot that he might
be a citizen. And so, sir, under these disabili-
ties and against all these disadvantages we
fought out that fight. We subdued the rebel-
lion, weendedthewar. Andthen,Mr. Chairman,
what was the condition of affairs? We found
the South exhausted, impoverished, and starved.
We found her white male population fearfully
thinned by battle; her black laboring popula-
tion freed, but without opportunity to labor,
and no resources for a livelihood.
Everything was dark, gloomy, and dismal.
There was no money, no commerce, no traffic
there. The races were embittered against
each other, and the whites threatened to ex-
terminate the blacks. We gave rations to the
whites, and the Freedmen's Bureau as protec-
tion to the blacks. We afforded opportunities
for employment; and we regulated the rela-
tions of the employer and the laborer. We
protected the one and we encouraged the other.
And when we could not keep the peace by the
civil arm we resorted to the military, because
we have had enough of war, and we determ-
ined that the peace should be kept. What
next? We found that there were no govern-
ments in the rebel States which we could recog-
nize ; and we provided plain and merciful
means by which new governments could be
established.
This was the condition of the South. How
was it in the North ? We were oppressed with
our debt; we were borne down with our taxes ;
we were perplexed how to pay the first, and
how to reduce the latter. But our hearts were
allglad notwithstanding, because we had saved
cur country. We mourned for those we had
lost, but we rejoiced for those who were to
come, for we had solved the problem of liberty
and the destiny of our people. We set our-
selves immediatelyto repairthe ravages of war.
At the close of the war, by the official report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, dated De-1
eember 3, 1866, our indebtedness on the 31st j
day of August, 1865, was $2,840,021,742 04 ; j
on the 1st day of June, 1868, by the report j
of the same official, our indebtedness was!
$2,510,245,886 74, being a reduction of the j
national debt since August 31, 1805, to June:
1, 1838, of $335,775,855 30, showing a redac-
tion of our national debt of over one hundred
millions per annum. Under a Republican Con-
gress could we have had an Executive and
Cabinet in harmony with Congress so that
frauds and robberies of the revenues could
have been stopped, in my judgment the whole
country would be at peace, and our debt re-
duced at least $500,000,000. We now propose
to reduce the Array and Navy as rapidly as can
be done with safety to the country, and all
other expenses of the Government. We have
also, as fast as State after State -organizes its
government, abolished military authority and
subordinated it to the civil, and abolished the
Freedmen's Bureau, to take effect the 1st of
next January.
This, Mr. Chairman, is a brief statement of
the condition of onr country since 1860. I
have been brief in stating, because I did not
wish to tell an oft-told_ tale. 1 have only
sketched those events which have given rise to
the pledges and complaints of the Democratic
platform. Now, sir, when a nation finds itself
thus suddenly engaged in an unforeseen war,
and thus unexpectedly is called upon for all its
resources, and emerges from the struggle vic-
torious but fatigued, strong but wearied, it is
certainly entitled to some forbearance, and its
supporters should meet with some encourage-
ment and praise. This remark brings me to
my first allegation against this platform. I
allege against it that it makes a specious and
a false complaint against us for doing the only
thing which it was in our power to do, and the
only thing which arry other party, Republican
or Democratic, could have done, unless they
made an ignominious peace with the rebels!
No other set of men, be their politics what
they might, could have done aught other than
we did do, if they were patriols and fought the
battle of the country ! 1 allege against it, also,
that the very men who now make this com-
plaint were either the identical men, or else
the partisan friends and adherents of the iden-
tical men who brought on this war, who fought
the flag, who caused the debt, and who were
the immediate occasion of all our sorrow and
of all our burdens!
It is not true, then, that the Democratic
party will give peace to the country. They
have been the party of war, and by the written
declarations of their candidate for Vice Presi-
dent they propose more war unless they can
undo all the victory we have achieved, and
renew rebellion where we have quieted it. I
read, Mr. Chairman, a letter written by Major
General P. P. Blair, to Colonel Broadbead,
of St. Louis:
"washixgtos, June 30,1868.
Dear Colonel: In reply to your inquiries I be?
leave to say that I leave to you to determine, on con-
sultation with my friends from Missouri, whether my
name shall be presented to the Democratic conven-
tion, and to submit the following as what I consider
the real and only issue in this contest:
The reconstruction policy of tho Kadicals will be
complete before the next election; the Statesso long
excluded will have been admitted, negro suffrage
established, and the carpet-baggers installed in their
seats in both branches of Congress. There is no pos-
sibility of changing the political character of the Sen-
ate, even ifthe Democratsshould elect their ^resident
and a majority of the popular branch of Congress.
Wo cannot, therefore, undo the ltadical plan of
reconstruction by congressional action; the Senate
will continue a bar to its repeal. Must we submitto
it? How can it be overthrown? It can only be
overthrown by the authority of the Executive, who
is sworn to maintain the Constitution, and who Will
fail to do his duty if he allows the Constitution to
perish under a series of congressional enactments
which are in palpable violation of its fundamental
principles.
If the President elected by the Democracy enforces
or permits others tocnforce these reconstruction acts,
the Radicals, by the accession of twenty spurious
Senators and fifty Representatives, will control both
branches of Congress, and his Administration will be
as powerless as the present one of Mr. Johnson.
There is but one way to restore the Government
and tho Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize theirown governments, and elect
Senators and Representatives. The House of Rep-
resentatives will contain a majority of Democrats
from the North, and they will admit I ho It epresoat-
atives elected by the white jioople of the South, and
with the cooperation of the President it will not do
difficult to compel the Senate to submit onee more
to tho obligations of the Constitution. It w.4'
able to withstand the public judgment,,if distinctly
invoked and clearly expressed on ihis tunaameiitai
issue, and it is the sure way to avoid ail future stills
to put the issue plainly to the country.
I that this is tlie real aim >,*"3, Question
irhioh tto should allow to control us: Shall Wo sub-
