i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
3113
that if they had attempted to make a most
injurious discrimination against the country
banks they could not have better contrived to
do it than they have done in this bill. I am
not here to oppose an increased tax or circu-
lation, nor to oppose any tax on national banks
which tliey can stand. But I do maintain that
of ail the banks in the. land that are able to
stand a heavy tax the class which can stand
it the best are the large State banks which have
an enormous line of deposits. And if you
will put one half per cent, per annum upon
their deposits, unless I am entirely mistaken
in my statistics—and I take tliem now from
memory—you will get as much as one per cent,
will give on circulation. I think the average
is about five hundred and forty million dollars;
it may be six hundred million dollars. Now
then, nut one half per cent, on that amount,
and it gives you $3,000,000. Now, in regard
to the country banks, the case cited as an illus-
tration by my friend from Iowa [Mr. Price]
is no fair sample. A bauk with $200,000 cap-
ital that has $500,000 deposits is a very rare
thing. There are three banks in my little town.
There is not one of them that begins to have
a deposit equal to its capital. The entire capi-
tal of the three banks is only $450,000, and
there was never more than $250,000 of deposits
at any one time.
Mr. PRICE. I know a bank on the sun-
down side of the Mississippi with $100,000
capital that has over half a million of deposits.
Mr. BLAINE. Very well; that is in the
West. The bank in Chicago that my friend
alluded to which divided twenty per cent, is
also in the "West. But I know of no such bank
in New England, unless it be in Boston. If
' there is any class of capital in this country that
can stand an additional tax it is the large banks
that have these enormous deposits, and while
I am not arguing and do not intend to argue
against putting an additional tax on circula-
tion, I protest against allowing these enormous
deposits to go untaxed. There is no class of
property under the sun that can stand taxation
so well as they can.
Mr. ALLISON. Does my friend know why
there are large deposits in these banks?
Mr. BLAINE. Because the people put
their money in them. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON. Well, that is a very good
answer.
Mr. BLAINE. Why is it, then?
Mr. ALLJSON. It is because they are
allowed to receive interest on deposits.
Mr. BLAINE. So much the more reason
why they should pay a tax.
Mr. ALLISON. Your country banks, in-
stead of loaning their money to their neighbors
for business purposes, send it to the business
centers and speculate in stocks.
Mr. BLAIiSE. And you propose to makfi
it easier for them to do that by not taxing the
deposits.
Mr. ALLISON. Why does not the gentle-
man propose to increase the tax on deposits
instead of fighting the tax on circulation?
Mr. BLAINE. I make the proposition to
put one per cent, on the city banks, and it
ought to have been done long ago. You will
find that the city banks are making ten times
as much on their deposits as they make on their
capital, and they make it out of their deposit-
ors, and that large sum oughtnot to be allowed
to go free.
Mr. SCHENCK. Well, offer your amend-
ment.
Mr. BLAINE. It is not m order now. You
strike at the country banks and affect them inju-
iL.iasly, and allow the city banks, which are
much more able to bear taxation, to go scot
free of additional burdens. Thatismy complaint
against the Committeeof Ways and Means.
Mr. SPALDING. What are the regular
dividends of your banks?
Mr. BLAINE. I never knew them over ten
per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it. I wish to suggest
a solution of this difficulty to the committee.
Some of these gentlemen s'eem to represent
city banks and others represent country banks.
For my part I do not represent banks at all.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not cither.
Mr. PIKE. I was going to suggest that we
adopt the views of the country banks in rela-
tion to the city banks, and tax the city banks
as much as the country banks thiuk they ought
to be taxed, and then tax the country banks
what the city banks think they ought to
be taxed. In that way we shall get a fair
taxation all round. These gentlemen who are
stockholders in these various institutions know,
at any rate, and are entirely willing to confess,
what their neighbors earn, and by the dupli-
cate confession, one confessing to the other's
earnings—I was not going to say their sins,
but their earnings—we get the earnings of both
classes, and in that way get at a fair and proper
basis for taxation. Now, sir, this whole system
is a monopoly. Here are three hundred mil-
lion dollars or more in the banking business.
I represent a population that does not share in
this monopoly. We have been endeavoring,
from time to time, to get some share in this
banking business, but up to this time we have
been entirely unable to do so except in one or
two small instances. Now, then, let the city
banks be taxed and the country banks taxed,
and then if these gentlemen will but give up
the business and give the rest of us a chance
to get in it will give my constituents an oppor-
tunity. For one I am desirous of placing such
a tax upon this peculiar business which is thus
monopolized as shall reduce it to such a fair
business as compared with the other business
of the moneyed capital of this country as shall
not make gentlemen so eager to monopolize
the whole of it. Deposits are of course a very
large source of income to city banks. Let the
tax on those be increased to one per cent.
Circulation is a large profit to the country
banks particularly. Let the tax on that be
increased. The imperial power is given them
of furnishing the money of the country, and
it is the creative power of money that we should
tax. Then the taxes should be so as to reduce
the earnings of the banks until they reach a
point where they will be willing to share the
monopoly with others.
Mr. IIUBBAliD, of West Virginia. I rise
to oppose the amendment, and I would suggest
as a compromise that the tax on deposits be in-
creased from one twenty-fourth to one twelfth of
one per cent, per month, and the tax on circula-
tion be reduccd from one sixth to one twelfth of
one per cent, per month. That would make
the tax one per cent, per annum on deposits,
and one per cent per annum on the circulation.
Mr. ALLISON. Would not the gentleman
increase the tax on the capital from one twenty-
fourth of one per cent, per month to one
twelfth of one per cent., and thus make it
equal all round, one per cent, per annum?
Mr. HUBBAUD, of West Virginia, i will
come to that in a moment. My proposition
would make the tax upon the deposits and
upon the circulation one per cent, per annum.
The bill as it now stands also has a clause
imposing a tax upon the capital. But what is
that tax, and upon what amount of capital?
As this is in my line of business I ask gentle-
men to pay a little attention to what I say in
regard to it. The provision of the bill is as
follows:
And a tax of one twenty-fourth of one per cent,
each month, as aforesaid, upon the capital of any
bank, association, company, or corporation, and on
the capital employed by any person in the business
of banking, beyond the average amount invested in
United States bonds.
Now, the capital of most all these banks is
all invested in United States bonds, so that
under this provision there would be no tax; at
all paid upon the capital. Therefore, this tax
of one half per cent.* per annum is no charge
against the banks, under this bill as it now
stands, except upon that portion of the capital
not invested in United States bonds, which in
most cases amounts to nothing at all.
The tax of one per cent, per annum upon
the circulation and deposits would make the
tax, according to the estimate of the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] two and a half
per cent, to the national Government. Then
there would be two and a half per cent, for
State and municipal taxation, and two per cent,
per annum for the expenses of the bank. That
would make seven per cent, in all.
No w, all admit that upon the capital invested
in United States bonds the bank, with the
present price of gold, draws interest that ia
equivalent to at least eight per cent, in currency.
The average amount of deposits in country
banks is about equal to their capital, or a little
over; taking all the banks of the country it
will average at least one and one half times
the amount of the capital. There is no use in
a bank where the deposits do not equal in
amount the amount of the capital stock.
Now, assuming the deposits to equal in
amount the amount of the capital, and hold one
fourth of the deposits as a reserve, and allowing
the banks to make their loans at only six per
cent., and we have four and a half per cent. a8
interest on loans from deposits, and a like
amount of four and a half per cent, as interest
on loans from circulation after making allow-
ance for the proper reserve, and we have«nine
per cent, upon the capital as interest on loans.
That, together with the eight per cent, interest
upon the capital received as interest upon the
United States bonds in which the capital is in-
vested, makes the total income of the bank
equal to seventeen per cent, upon its capital.
From this deduct the seven per cent, for taxes
and expenses, and there is left of net income
the sum of ten per cent, on the capital. That
is evidently a fair percentage of profits on the
capital employed in banking, and a larger per-
centage than is paid by a large majority of the
manufacturing or other productive interests of
the country.
Now, these banks, it must be borne in mind,
are not required to redeem their circulation,
but can count all the profits their circulation
gives them, for the redemption of that circula-
tion costs them nothing. These banks will not
only pay ten per cent, to their stockholders,
but will add to their surplus, as they have been
doing hitherto, from five to twenty per cent,
throughout the country.
I am, therefore, well satisfied that the banks
can well afford to pay the increased tax which
I propose by my amendment. And after that
I will indicate another amendment which I
think all will admit the propriety of making.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BENTON. I will state my position
upon this question, and while doing so I desire
the attention of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means. I think the effect of this
increase of tax upon the circulation will be to
diminish the circulation. Now, so far as the
public is interested in banks, it is interested in
the circulation. The public is not interested
iu the amount of money which the banks make
in their speculations in stocks and in all sorts
of ways. You ought to put a tax not only on
the circulation of the bank, but on its deposits,
which are invested in stocks and various kinds
of speculations. By this bill it is proposed to
put an increased tax on circulation; but scarcely
any tax whatever on these deposits, of which
the banks have the use for purposes of specu-
lation. By such a provision you exert a direct
influence to prevent the banks from extending
accommodations to the people.
Mr. Chairman, I have no fear that the banks
will be taxed too much. These national banks
have, since their establishment, paid their
semi-annual dividends of ten, fifteen, and
twenty per cent.; and any gentleman who
stands up here and talks about these banks not
being able to bear the taxation which we pro-
pose may address himself to men who do not
understand how these banks make their money,
but he should not talk to men like my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who know
the utter fallacy of any such remarks.
1 I think with the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
