1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
duty the bankers should not complain, and as
I believe will not, if they have not in their zeal
to serve themselves forgotten the duty they
owe to their country.
CONCLUSION.
Mr. Speaker, the way of escape from our
embarrassments is open, and the highway to
future prosperity lies before us. Shall we avail
ourselves of them? To-day we have near forty
million people; we have peace, and I trust a
heritage of a hundred years of prosperity in the
future. With a reasonable share of wisdom
in present legislation, our public debt need not
give us any serious concern ; it "will gradually
melt away while our population is increasing
rapidly in numbers and wealth. Europe sends
annually three hundred thousand of her chil-
dren of labor to aid in the development of the
resources of this great e.mpire we control. "With
the active enterprise of our own people and the
aid of machinery, what may we not reasonably
cxpeet to be accomplished here in the future?
Sir, there are members upon this floor who will
live to see our population one hundred millions,
and our wealth almost beyond the power of fig-
ures to compute. We are but the skirmish line
of the mighty army that is following close upon
the rear ; let us not fall below our duty, and by
lack of spirit disappoint or delay the destiny
that awaits our country. God in His provi-
dence has reserved for us the solving of great
problems, and our free land is made the thea-
ter of the grandest demonstrations of His wis-
dom and power; let us not ignore our respon-
sibilities or shrink from the duties they impose.
RECONSTRUCTION" RIGHTS OP CITIZENS.
Mr. JOHNSON. Sir. Chairman, the con-
dition of the country, the legislation recently
perpetrated by Congress, and the acts threat-
ened, altogether furnish my excuse for attempt-
ing to speak at this time. The spirit and sub-
stance of our institutions have been assailed,
the old Union of the Constitution is rapidly
passing away, and disunion by force is attempted
instead. But in my humble judgment that
force will soon be broken, when a return to con-
stitutional government and a restored Union
shall bless and prosper the country. The
tyranny which loads the people with unbearable
taxation and enthralls the white citizens of
ten States must soon pass away; the recent
elections furnish sufficient proof of the fact,
for the foundation of a belief that the results
wished for may be attained—for hope. In all
those elections the issue was squarely taken
between the white man's constitutional gov-
ernment and negro military despotism—the
Democracy leading on one side, Radicalism the
other. All over the land where the contest
has been made shouts of triumph have gone
up from the ranks of those who fought on the
side of constitutional liberty, while the cohorts
of negro rule have been everywhere put to dis-
graceful flight. As the blood of Abel cried
out from the ground, so cried the blood of our
countrymen, unnecessarily .shed, from the sa-
cred earth round about where the charter oak
once stretched its limbs to Heaven; that cry
rested upon the ears of the Democracy of old.
Connecticut, who, in imitation of the Divine
Master, cursed, branded, and drove out the
fratricidal party. The same cry was heard in
Kentucky, California, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and
then in New York, and in all these noble States
the Democracy followed the heroic example
set them by Connecticut, and sent out as wan-
derers in the earth, looking forplaceaud spoils,
the fratricidal party.
The President's messages vetoing the recon-
struction bills—the ablest papers ever written
by a statesman—were not enough to crush the
monsters against which they were hurled. But
the people have declared for the right, for the
President, for constitutional liberty, for a white
man's government, and against negro rule and
military despotism.
But asv et. the people's victories have brought
the country but little fruits other than that in-
tense happiness which proceeds fromaknowl-
edge that our country is right, that it can and
will save itself from ruin. No; our victories
have not yet broken the death-grip with which
the destroyers seek to sti angle American lib-
erty. For while we speak, by Radical direc-
tion, the very vitals of republican government
are being torn from the body of ten sovereign
States, while Radicalism, in grim triumph,
with despotic tread, tramples upon and tears
to fragments the Constitution of our country,
in total disregard of the rights of the people.
But their time for evil is short, for, in my
judgment, the recent elections are nothing to
what will follow next fall—nothing more than
the gentle breeze which always precedes the
mighty tempest.
We should, we will, cheerfully bear the odium
of loving the Federal Constitution and the
white man's Government established thereby;
for we labor for the good of all, the victors no
mcfre than the vanquished, believing that be-
tween our countrymen there can be 110 division
of legal rights and benefits. In the coming
contests for our dearest rights we shall meet
our countrymen with arguments, reason, and
the freeman's ballot, not with murderous im-
plements of war. But we shall not falter in
our defense of the Constitution, never cease to
plead for the sacred old instrument. Aye, we
will do more ; we will swear before God and
our country that he who speaks lightly of the
Constitution is an enemy, but too mean to be
feared. We will not defend the Constitution
defiantly, but firmly, and with an honest hope
of saving it. However much it may lie dis-
paraged, yet it is the work of our revolutionary
sires, the work of those who loved liberty above
all things else. Through it wc get back near
our ancestors ; by it we have this Congress, did
have and will have a Union, did have and will
have a white man's government of laws; and
we had prosperity, peace, and happiness under
it; these we hope to have again.
Then let us brand every man who would
bring intd disgrace or disregard the plain pro-
visions of this sacred instrument as an enemy
to humanity—not as an enemy to be punished,
but to be brought into fair view before the
country, so the people may strip all such of
power and record their names with their
errors as monuments of perfidy, cruelty, and
baseness, by which the future statesmen in our
country may learn this lessen.
To err in judgment is a misfortune common
to all men; to err without judgment is com-
mon to radicalism and a misfortune to our
country. The majority here, in their insane
attempts to perpetuate themselves in power,
have ignored the Constitution altogether, and
tried to cover the minority with disgrace for
professing attachment to its provisions. All
this, too, with a full understanding that without
its plain letter and spirit we have no Govern-
ment other than a despotism limitless as the
boundless universe.
Ignoring its existence entirely, their party
has illegally, without accusation or trial,
thrown our fellow-citizens into prison for ex-
pressing their opinions upon matters pertain-
ing to their own rights. They have made the
writ of habeas corpus worse than a mockery.
Free speech could not be indulged in by any
unless they were base enough to sing praises
to old John Brown. Our free presses were
thrown out of four-story windows, while Rad-
ical major generals stood at the street corners
offering encouragement to the mobs by telling
them that in their acts of violence and destruc-
tion they had only anticipated the official pur-
poseof vandalism. 'They have exalted coward-
ice and treachery ; they have sought to accom-
plish great national results by a deliberate,
cold-blooded system of bribery and corruption;
they deliberately, in time of profound peace,
by military commission, sat in judgment upon
the lives of the most unfortunate of our coun-
try, and as deliberately those unfortunates were
put to death ; they have denied the right of rep-
resentation to and questioned the existence of
sovereign States of this Union when such States
elected Democrats to office ; they have loaded
us with an unbearable system of taxation, and
they have tried to reduce the white population
of this country to a level with the African and
other inferior races ; they have pronounced the
Democratic parly dead, and arraigned the Pres-
ident for declaring the country could never be
saved except through the instrumentality of
that party ■, they have arraigned the President
for declaring that peace existed in our war-
stricken country; becausc they say Congress
alone has power to declare war and conclude
peace. Did Congress declare war against the
Soutn ? If so, against what part of the South,
when, and how? Congress could not declare
war against any of the United States, treating
them as enemies. If so the Federal Govern-
ment can levy war against the citizens of this
country an idea equally monstrous with Rad-
icalism.
It is true, a state of war did actually exist,
and I resident Lincoln acted without authority
from Congress, as was his lawful right, in pro-
viding for the exigencies 011 his side of the war.
It is true, also, that Congress recognized the
fact that, war existed ; but this was without a
declaration of war 011 the part of Congress.
The President, Congress, and the judicial de-
partment could all recognize the fact that a
great civil war, a great armed revolution was
going on in our country ; but there was and is
no power in the Federal Government to declare
and wage a civil war. The Federal Govern-
ment may suppress rebellions and insurrections
in the States, but cannot declarc war in such
cases against an enemy, and wage such war
for conquest.
But the sting of the President's assertion
that peace existed lies in the fact that radical-
ism never intended the southern people to have
peace; their acts abundantly prove it. The
President has treated the southern people as
his countrymen, guilty of a failure in a wrong
cause, while radicalism has constantly treated
them as foreign enemies guilty of crime, visit-
ing them with cruel and inhuman punishments
by legislation, a mode of punishment unknown
to and unpardonable under our institutions.
The President saw with joy that peace existed
throughout the land, and as glad tidings he
proclaimed it, as was his duty, he being at the
head of the Army. Had he not done so his
armies would have laid waste the little that
remained undestroyed in the South; that would
have pleased radicalism no doubt, for with
them the most cruel, inhuman, and barbarous
petty despot is the brightest shining light;
with such to rule the South all is serene; when
they arc happy in him " December is pleasant
as May." Cruelty is their sanctifying grace,
and the destruction, the utter destruction, of
the southern people, southern lights, southern
laws, and southern States is the fruition of
their highest hopes on earth.
As long as radicalism prevails in the land
the southern people will have a bitter and vin-
dictive enemj', and their countjy the worst of
all governments—Congress the one, the blood-
stained sword of the tyrant the other. No
statesman can calmly consider the probable
results of the reconstruction measures of Con-
gress without trembling with fear for our own
safety. In fact, if we recognize the author-
ity of Congress to do these things, we recog-
nize the non-existence of the Federal Consti-
tution, and the fact that anarchy, confusion,
and ruin must soon follow. Does any states-
man in his sober senses believe for one moment
that the American people will submit to have
this Government and country mongrelized;
that they will acquiesce when ten States are
put in the hands of negroes possessing no more
knowledge of government generally than their
untamed brothers in Africa? Will the white
people of the North allow these negroes to
come and take seats in this Hall and shape
their legislation ? Will they allow the Congress
of the United States to disfranchise the citizens
of States, the white citizens, and enfranchise
those who are not citizens, the negroes, simply
for partisan purposes?
I tell you the people will not submit to these
things, and I tell you they should not. Their
