2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
may be necessary to do that; and I do not
know why it should be confined to a commit-
tee. Possibly, on the last night of a session,
when people are in a hurry to get through,
when the annoyance is sometimes very great
of propositions to amend by general legislation,
such a restriction might be advantageous. It
might be very convenient at that time to have
a rule of this sort here; but I do not think that
would make up for the inconveniences that
might arise from cutting off all opportunity
from Senators to make such suggestions as
they saw fit with reference to matters to be
placed upon the bills. It very frequently hap-
pens, as every Senator knows, that important
matters, quite important matters, cannot be
carried through in any other way than on an
appropriation bill, and the result is that they
are very frequently moved and put on at the
close of the session.
I have known cases where very great injury
has been done in that way, and I have known
cases where great good has been done. But,
after all, I think it will be better to leave it
to the discretion of the Senate and to the
watchful care of the Committee 011 Appropri-
ations, who, of course, will have their eye upon
everything that is proposed under such cir-
cumstances, rather than to tie our hands by
any iron rule which shall prohibit anything of
that sort. I therefore am rather opposed to
the proposition of my friend from Vermont,
and feel disposed to stand by the old land-
marks with which we are familiar, and submit
to the inconveniences rather than to, perhaps,
make a provision which will result in prevent-
ing much good.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I
understand the amendment; but if I do I do
not see how it changes the rule from what it
now is. You may move to strike out the
words " proposing additional appropriations"
and also the word" general," and then how
will it read ?
No amendment shall bo received to any appro-
priation bill, unless it be rnado to carry out the pro-
visions of somo existing law.
Well, you cannot do so now, for the rule
now reads: ,
Ko amendment proposing additional appropri-
ations shall be received to any general appropriation
bill, unless it be made to uariy out tho provisions
of some existing law, or somo act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standingor selcctcomuuitec
of the Senate.
If it be amended as is proposed a standing
committee can still move an amendment. Of
course, by the last provision of this rule, an
amendment to an appropriation bill must bo
referred one day beforehand to the Committee
on Appropriations. I think it is better myself
that our appropriations should all be in one
bill. That is better than that each committee
should have an appropriation bill by itself. I
think each committee should put its appro-
priations on a general bill, so that when wo
open the law containing the appropriations for
this year wo can see tho appropriations in
one act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will permit me
to correct him. I think he is obviously mis-
taken in supposing that the amendment I now
propose does not change the meaning of the
rule. As the rule is reported, if my amend-
ment be not agreed to, any member of the
Senate, when an appropriation bill is under
consideration, can move any amendment that
does not propose an additional appropriation ;
that is, he can move any amendment proposing
legislation changing the law of the country,
and not providing for the payment of money.
That is what I desire to avoid; and therefore
i submit to him—it is not necessary to submit
it to those gentlemen who think so now that
if the amendment is adopted it will make that
change One man who, as the rule nowstands,
may move a section which provides for general
legislation, if the amendment be adopted can-
not do it; that, must be confined to a commit-
tee. That H an important change, and I called
it fairly to the attention of the Seiiate to see
what they thought about it.
Mr. POMEROY. I admit what the Senator
says. I thought the Senator undertook to say
that committees would not be allowed, if this
amendment was adopted, to move theirrespect-
ive amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator only means
that individual members of the Senate, if this
amendment should pass, will not be allowed
to move general legislation by way of amend-
ment to an appropriation bill, it' that is the
object of the amendment, I have no objection
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to call attention
to the last rule, rule fifty-four, which reads, the
suggestion originally coming, I think, from the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessendeu :]
" All resolutions calling upon the President or any
of the Executive Departments for information shall
be referred without debate to the appropriate stand-
ing committee, wliieh shall report on the same, with
an estimate of the probable expense of furnishing
the information callcd for."
I do not object to this rule because I feel
that it affects me, for I have offered very few
such resolutions and do not propose offering
many ; but it appears to me to be a restriction
that the Senatcproposes to impose upon itself
by a rule which will be particularly binding and
offensive to ft minority of the Senate, 110 mat-
ter what political party that minority belongs
to. While it is now in the power of a majority
of the Senate to vote down a resolution offered
by the minority, and it is very frequently done,
or else the resolution is so amended as to take
the point from it, this proposes additionally to
refer the resolution for inquiry or information
to astanding committee, where there is a party
majority, and where it may be kept intermin-
ably, if deemed necessary or politic. If inform-
ation is asked for it is a fair presumption
that information is needed; but, in place of
facilitating that information, this rule proposes
to put the demand for light under a bushel,
with a prospect of its being kept there.
Mr. ANTHONY. Contrary to Scripture.
Mr. CONNESS. My friend, who is chair-
man of the Committee on Rules, suggests that
that is contrary to Scripture. Yes, sir; it
unfortunately is.
I know that in the absence of this rule reso-
lutions for information very often lead to a
considerable abuse. Information is called for
which has already been spread before us, or
which is not of great utility, which leads to con-
siderable embarrassment at the Departments
and the employment of clerical force rendered
necessary to the performance of other duties.
But that is one view of the case. The abuse
that the adoption of this rule will create and
lead to I think is the greater of tho two. In
my opinion no such restriction ought to be
placed upon calls for information. It would
be but a reasonable presumption that there
is good judgment enough and independence
enough in the Senators present when a call for
information is presented to determine whether
it ought to be made, whether the resolution
should be adopted. But if it is a resolution
for information touching the Post Office De-
partment, under this rule it will be referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and their regular meeting may be a week off.
It necessarily waits that length of lime, while
the Senator calling for the information ought
to have it before that time has passed, and
then it may go over for want of there being a
quorum at tho committee meeting that morn-
ing. It amounts, in other words, to a sup-
pression ; that is really what it will lead to—
an effectual mode of suppressing calls for
information.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is, undoubtedly,
force in the objection which the Senator from
California makes to this rule. I agree with
him in all that; but I differ from him in think-
ing that the other side does not present a
greater abuse than the adoption of this rulo
will. It is true that delay will be caused by
sending calls for information to the appropriate
committees; but it is also true that almost any
information which a Senator wants he can get
without a formal resolution of the Senate. By
addressing a note to the head of a Department
or the head of a bureau almost any information
which a Senator really desires can be obtained.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, if the houorable
Senator will permit me, why not change his
rule so that it shall read "that no resolution
calling upon a Department for information
shall be in order unless the Senator offering it
shall first have called upon the Department for
the information and been refused'/" Then
there would be sense in the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would hardly like to
adopt that proposition. I think that would be
placing the heads of Departments in rather an
unpleasant situation, throwing on them re-
sponsibilities that they ought not to have. The
abuse of this practice has been very great, in-
deed. I have been told by a head of Depart-
ment that at a previous session of Congress all
the clerical force in his Department could not
have answered the calls for information that
were sent from one House and the other of
Congress.
Now, it is fair to presume, it is very cour-
teous to presume, as the Senator does, that
every call for information is well considered
and receives the deliberate attention of the
Senate; but we know very well, in practice,
that a call for information is almost always
passed as a matter of course. A Senator of-
fers the resolution. Somebody objects, or
asks " What is it?" The answer is, " A mere
resolution of inquiry ;" and that is the end of
it. Nobody hears what it is; nobody cares
what it is ; and when it is passed it is found
that information is called for that will take
half a dozen clerks months to prepare—clerks
whose services are required in the ordinary
transaction of the public business, and perhaps
the information is already before us. Of the
two evils, I think the existence of this abuse
is a greater evil than the mode which is pro-
vided in this rule to prevent it, although I
quite agree with my friend from California that
there will be some evil either way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is mistaken in supposing that this rule
was adopted on my suggestion. I made 110
suggestion whatever to the committee with
reference to any of tho rules.
Mr. CONNESS. That was simply my rec-
ollection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have occasionally
spoken on this matter heretofore, and called
attention to these abuses. With regard to a
great many of the resolutions calling for in-
formation, they are such as nobody has any
objection to, and from their very nature would
not occasion any particular expense in answer-
ing them. Therefore I think perhaps it might
not be quite necessary or quite wise to make a
general rule that every resolution whatever
shall be referred to a committee. I think, how-
ever, those should be referred to n committee
to which attention might be called by any
Senator as probably involving considerable
expense. I therefore suggest to the committee
whether it would not be well to amend this
rule—1 am decidedly in favor of the principle
of it, for I think there have been very great
abuses—so as to have it read in this way:
All resolutions calling upon the President or upon
any of tho Executive Departments for information,
shall, upon mot-ion ot any one Senator, he reierred
without debate, &e.
So that, if there is a motion to that effect, it
may go to a committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be practically
the same thing as the rule now; for if a Sen-
ator wishes to obtain information that he Ihinks
evidently ought to be granted, all he has to do
is to ask unanimous consent to have the reso-
lution put on its passage, and then it goes with-
out a reference.
Mr. ANTHONY. The rule can be suspended
by unanimous consent.
