1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
liberties and permanent prosperity are involved
in these questions, and these they should de-
fend and provide for; and they will. But aside
from this let us see if it be in the power of the
Federal Government either to make citizens
of the negroes of the South and Chinese in the
West or unmake citizens of the white men of
any section of our country, as these measures
propose. To arrive at a correct conclusion as
to the rights of citizenship and the rights inci-
dent thereto it is necessary to go back to our
Declaration of Independence and to the Con-
vention or Congress that passed it. The Dele-
gates chosen to the First Congress of Colonies,
which met in Philadelphia in 1774, were chosen
to consider the matters of difference between
them (the Colonies) and England. Soon after
their meeting they passed a resolution declar-
ing their right to the common law, and that
their ancestors from whom they hold their
rights at the time of their immigration were
entitled to all the rights, liberties, and immu-
nities of free and natural-born subjects within
the realms of Britaiu. This meant white men.
Jefferson says:
" In Congress, Juno 7,1776, tlic Delegates from Vir-
ginia moved, in obedionco to instructions from their
constituents that the Congress should declare that
these united Colonies are, and of right ought to be,
free and independent States; that they arc absolved
from all allegiaucc to the British Crown: that all
political conncc ion between them and the State of
Great Britain is, and ought to be, totally dissolved;
and that measuies should be immediately taken for
procuring the assistance of foreign Powers and a Con-
federation formed to bind the Colonies more closely
together.''
All this was by white English subjects for
their respective States or Colonies, and proves
itself to be. The Declaration of Independence
followed.
While English subjects, the citizens of the
colonies were at that time bound by political
bands to the Government of King George. Ne-
groes had nothing to do with the Government of
England or the Colonies wherein they resided.
They had been brought to this country as alien
slaves, and by the laws then in force their
posterity remained the same, the offspring fol-
lowing the condition of the mother. Many of
them were from time to time set free, yet they
did not become citizens where they resided,
and could not, for they were not English sub-
jects, were not bound by political bands or by
consanguinity to that country, and because the
charters to the Colonists were to free white
men who owed allegiance to the British Crown.
The colonial governments were governments
of white men. The British Government abused
the rights of the free white men of the Colo-
nies, the citizens of the Colonies, those who
were bound by political bands to that Govern-
ment. Then I he Colonies passed for them-
selves the Declaration of Independence, which
became to them a law sacred as liberty itself.
This sacred law, for the maintenance of which
life and honor were pledged, was enacted as a
law for the several Colonies as governments—
for their governments of white men. It made
no Union, but left the Colonies independent
of each other; it so declares; it left each one
an independent nation of the earth. But in
support of niy position let us eome to a closer
examination of the declaration:
" When in the course of human events it becomes
necessary for one people to dissolve the political
bands which have connected them with another," &c.
Now, it will be admitted by all that the word
"people" in this quotation hag that restricted
meaning which gives it application to the Col-
nies as governments. The bauds dissolved
were the bands which bound the Colonies to
England. The breaking of those bands was
not for the citizens separately or individually,
but it was a governmental, a sovereign break-
ing, which of course carried the citizens beyond
the reach of the British Government. All who
•were bound to England became politically free j
that is, they remained exactly as before except
as to their connection with that Government.
It was citizens who justified the declaration;
that justification is contained in the facts that
" he constrained our fellow-citizens," and ' in
every stage of these oppressions we have peti-
tioned for redress." ''Fellow-citizens,'' white
men. "We," the white citizens, petitioned
for redress.
Now, it appears plainly apparent to me that
every word of this was written for those who
could take part in tlic affairs ot Government
and was intended to have a governmental
meaning. Then comes the declaration:
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
men aro created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienablo rights; that
among these aro life, liberty, and the pursuit 01 hap-
piness; that to secure these rights governments arc
instituted among men, deriving their just powers
from the consent of tho governed."
This is tho iteration of abstract political
principles, applicable alone, governmentally,
to those who made it and to those who inherit
their institutions. That all men are created
equal in u general sense is not true, as every
one knows. But it is equally as well known
that all are equal before the law. Then, by a
fair construction, this means that all men sub-
ject to the jurisprudence of the State shall
receive protection according to his status as
fixed by law, and shall receive it according to
law. It was not intended to destroy any dis-
tinctions in society. No change was made or
contemplated in the fixed status of the inhab-
itants of the several States. Citizens remained
citizens, aliens remained aliens, and those who
were neither citizens nor aliens remained as
before.
"That among tlieso aro life, liberty, and tho pur-
suit of happiness."
The word liberty is hero used in a restricted
sense; liberty subject to law, liberty so far
abridged or restrained as may be necessary
for the safety and welfare of tho State. There
can be no liberty claimed for any one which is
above the law. Then I assert this word has a
governmental meaning ; that it does pot con-
tain any individual higher-law moaning, and
exists only in the sovereignty of the State.
At the time this declaration^ was made the
sovereign power was lodged in the hands of
white men. They might have changed the
condition of things before the formation of the
Federal Constitution ; but they did not, since
they could not. State liberty is what is meant;
self-government—self-government which is
declared to be an "inalienable right."
If I am right iu what I have just said I have
already disposed of the quotation—
"to secure these rights governments are instituted
among men, deriving their just powers from the con-
sent of tile governed."
But to be still more explicit, the consent of
all of every class and caste was and is given
through those who proclaim in the voice of an
established State. I assert this to bo a sound
legal proposition, and its correctness will not
be denied.. Yes, the right of self-government
in established States belongs to States and not
to individuals ; and for those States that made
the declaration the right is inalienable. Yet
some of these Slates, paralyzed by the weight
of millions of gleaming blades, are prevented
from exercising this, their inalienable right.
But bloody swords sometimes rust; bloody
tyrants always die. The Declaration of Inde-
pendence contained nothing new.
Differentpartsand clausesof Magna Charta,
the petition of right, and the Bill of Bights,
such as had application, were reenactcd, noth-
ing more. The people were free English sub-
jects who had suffered wrong at the hands of
the king until they saw proper to declare the
principles which had from time immemorial
governed their fathers, and to enact that those
principles should remain a law to them and
their posterity forever. I must indulge the
hope that enough has been said to establish
the fact that the Colo'nies were governments
of white men at the time the Declaration of
Independence was made. That being accom-
plished, I assert that no change was made in
any of the States as to the status of the inhab-
itants up to the time of the adoption of the
Federal Constitution. Massachusetts freed her
slaves in the meantime, but did not make them
citizens, which she then might have done.
Then, with governments of white wen, we
arrive at the time of the formation of the, Ind-
eral Constitution, and that fixes the question
to that date. Citizenship is a much higher
right than the right of voting. The right to
vote can be conferred by legislation upon any
one, but the rights of citizenship can only be
conferred by the courts, according to natural-
ization laws. The Federal Government may
pass a uniform system of naturalization laws,
that is, laws which have precisely the same
bearing and operation in one State as in
another. This is all Congress can do upon
the subject of citizenship. When a foreigner
avails himself of the benefits of the law he
becomes a citizen of the State wherein the
proceedings are had, and is a citizen of the
United States for that reason, and that alone.
He is no citizen of the Government of the
United States; there can be no such citizen.
Then itfollows that any other legislation upon
the right of citizenship by tho Federal Congress
is unauthorized by the Constitution. The Fede-
ral Government cannot make citizens of States
out of our negro population. There being no
such thing as a citizen of .the Government of
the United States, and a man being a citizen
of the United States simply by virtue of the
Federal Constitution, and because he is a citi-
zen of a State or Territory under the Govern-
ment of the United States, it follows that the
Federal Government cannot unmake citizens
without the power of destroying States.
Citizenship carries the right of suffrage with
it ill our country, but the right to vote does not
carry with it the rights of citizenship. The
States have 110 power whatever over the ques-
tion of citizenship, but States may confer the
privilege of voting upon any one, and may take
it away again. But the right of voting is never
conferred upon citizens ; it belongs to them.
Neither can a State take from a citizen the
right to vote, except for crime. A citizen may
lose every right, even his life, for the commis-
sion of"crime, provided the crime be defined
and the penalty affixed to its commission before
it is committed—not otherwise.
It has beeu said that a State could take away
the right to vote from a citizen because he could
not read and write. Such is not the case, and
would be a violation of the compact that the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens of the
several States ; also of the fifth amendment to
the Constitution.
A State may enact such laws for the pun-
ishment of crime as the Legislature may deem
for the best interest of society. She may pun-
ish one class of crime with death, another by a
deprivation of political rights, another by im-
prisonment, another by fine, and so on to the
end. Pauperage is a crime for which the right
to vote may be taken from a citizen ; the safety
of the State demands it; but the right to thus
deal with the pauper is distinctly placed upon
the ground that he is quasi a criminal.
It has been stated 011 this floor that South
Carolina and Tennessee had made citizens of
negroes and then taken the rights of citizen-
ship away by a constitutional convention. I
deny it. There never has been and never can
be a negro citizen of either of those States.
There never can be without a destruction of
the fundamental principles of our Government.
But those States can cast the right to vote
upon their negro population or any part of
them. They did at one time confer the right
upon some, and afterward took it away, not
from those who enjoyed the right, but from the
class to which ihey belonged. But they only
conferred the right as a reward to the industri-
ous negro who had property to represent. In
fact such votes represented property and not
negroes.
in case of disfranchisement of citizens for
crime they must first be convicted, presented,
or indicted by a grand jury. A presentment
or indictment may put them in prison ; if so,
while there they are indirectly, for the time,
deprived of the right of voting. But if out on
bail, notwithstanding the accusation against
