SUPPLEMENT TO
went by force, in contravention of the act of
July 31, 1861, and with intent to disregard the
civil tenure-of-office act.
Article seven charges the same conspiracy,
with intent only to violate the civil tenure-of-
office act.
Articles three, four, five, six and seven, may
all be considered together, as to the proof to
support them.
It will be shown that, having removed Stan-
ton and appointed Thomas, the President sent
Thomas to the War Office to obtain possession ;
that having been met by Stanton with a denial
of his rights, Thomas retired, and after con-
sultation with the President Thomas asserted
his purpose to take possession of the War Office
by force, making his boast in several public
places of his intentions so to do, but was pre-
vented by being promptly arrested by process
from the court.
This will be shown by the evidence of Hon.
Mr. Van Horn, a member of the House, who
was present when the demand for possession
of the War Office was made by General Thomas,
already made public.
By the testimony of Hon. Mr. Burleigh,
who, after that, in the evening of the 21st of
February, was told by Thomas that he intended
to take possession of the War Office by force
the following morning, and invited him up to
see the performance. Mr. Burleioh attended,
but the act did not come off, for Thomas had
been arrested and held to bail.
By Thomas boasting at Willard's Hotel on
the same evening that he should call on Gen-
eral Grant for military force to put him in pos-
session of the office, and he did not see how
Grant could refuse it.
Article eight charges that the appointment
of Thomas was made for the purpose of get-
ting control of the disbursement of moneys
appropriated for the military service and De-
partment of War.
In addition to the proof already adduced it
will be shown that, after the appointment of
Thomas, which must have been known to the
members of his Cabinet, the President caused
a formal notice to be served on the Secretary
of the Treasury to the end that the Secretary
might answer the requisitions for money of
Thomas, and this was only prevented by the
firmness with which Stanton retained posses-
sion of the books and papers of the War Office.
It will bo seen that every fact charged in
article one is admitted by the answer of the
respondent; the intent is also admitted as
charged; that is to say, to set aside the civil
tenure-of-oifice act, and to remove Mr. Stan-
ton from the office of the Secretary for the
Department of War without the advice and
consent of the Senate, and, if not justified,
contrary to the provisions of the Constitution
itself.
The only question remaining is, does the
respondent justify himself by the Constitution
and laws ?
On this he avers, that by the Constitution
there is "conferred onthe President, asapart
of the executive power, the power at any and
all times of removing from office all executive
olIiccrsforcau.se, to be judged of by the Presi-
dent alone, and that he verily believes that the
executive power of removal from office con-
fided to him by the Constitution, as aforesaid,
includes the power of suspension from otlice
indefinitely."
Kow, these offices so vacated must be filled
temporal i!y, at least, by his appointment, be-
cause government must go on ; there can lie
no interregnum in the execution of the laws in
an organized Government; he claims, there-
fore, of necessity, the right to fill their places
with appointments of his choice, and that this
power cannot bo restrained or limited iu any
degtee by any law of Congress, because, he
avers, " that thepower was coufeired. and the
duty ot exercising it in fit cases was imposed
on the President by the Constit ition of the
United States, and that the President could
not he deprived of this power or relieved of
this duty, nor could the same be vested by law
in the President and the Senate jointly, either
in part or whole."
This, then, is the plain and inevitable issue
before the Senate and the American people:
Has the President, under the Constitution,
the more than kingly prerogative at will to re-
move from office and suspend from office indefi-
nitely, all executive officers ofthe United States,
either civil, military, or naval, at any and all
times, and fill the vacancies with creatures of
his own appointment, for his own purposes,
without any restraint whatever, or possibility
of restraint by the Senate or by Congress
through laws duly enacted?
The House of Representatives, in behalf of
the people, join this issue by affirming that the
exercise of such powers is a high misdemeanor
in office.
If the affirmative is maintained by the re-
spondent, then, so far as the first eight articles
are concerned—unless such corrupt purposes
are shown as will of themselves make the exer-
cise of a legal power a crime—the respondent
must go, and ought to go quit and free.
Therefore, by these articles and the answers
thereto, the momentous question, here and
now, is raised whether the presidential office
itself (if il has the prerogatives and power
claimed for il) ought, in fact, to exist as a
part of the constitutional government of a free
people, while by the last three articles the sim-
pler and less important inquiry is to be determ-
ined, whether Andrew Johnson has so con-
ducted himself that he ought longer to hold
any constitutional office whatever. The latter
sinks to merited insignificance compared with
the grandeur of the former.
If that is sustained, then a right and power
hitherto unclaimed and unknown to the people
of the country is ingrafted on the Constitution,
most alarming in its extent, most, corrupting
in its influence, most dangerous in its tend-
encies, and most tyrannical in its exercise.
Whoever, therefore, votes "not guilty" on
these articles votes to enchain our free intitu-
tions, and to prostrate them at the feet of any
man who, being President, may choose to con-
trol them.
For this most stupendous and unlimited pre-
rogative the respondent cites no line and ad-
duces no word of constitutional enactment;
indeed he could not, for the only mention of
removal from office in the Constitution is as a
part of the judgment in case of impeachment,
and the only power of appointment is by nom-
ination to the Senate of officers to be appointed
by their advice and consent, save a qualified
and limited power of appointment by the Presi-
dentwhen the Senate is not in session. Whence,
then, docs the respondent by his answer, claim
to have derived this power? 1 give him the
benefit of his own words, "that it was practi-
cally settled by the First Congress ofthe Uni-
ted States." Again, I give him the benefit of
his own phrases as set forth in his messsageto
the Senate of id of March, 1SIJ7, made a part
of his answer: "the question was decided by
the House of Representatives by a vote of 84
to 20, (in this, however, he is mistaken.) and
in the Senate by the casting vote of the Vice
President." In the same answer he admits
that before he undertook the exercise of this
most dangerous and stupendous power, after
seventy-five years of study and examination
of the Constitution by the people living under
it, another Congress has decided that, there
was no such unlimited power; so that lie ad-
mits that this tremendous power which he
claims from the legislative construction of one
Congress by a vote of -34 to 20 in the House
j and a tie vote in the Senate has been denied
: by another House of more than three times
, the number of members by a vote of 131! to
! 37, and by a Senate of more than double the
; number of Senators by a vote of 38 to 10, and
; this, too, after he had presented to them all
j the arguments in its favor that he could find
to sustain his claim of power.
If he derives this power from the practical
settlement of one Congress of a legislative con-
struction of the constitutional provisions, why
may not such construction be as practically set-
tled more authoritatively by the greater una-
nimity of another Congress—yea, as we shall
see, of many other Congresses?
The great question, however, still returns
upon us, whence comes this power? How
derived or conferred? Is it unlimited and un-
restrained, illimitable and unrestrainable, as
the President claims it to be ?
In presenting this topic it will be my duty,
and 1 shall attempt to do nothing more, to
state the propositions of law and the authori-
ties to support them, so far as they may come
to my knowledge, leaving the argument and
illustrations of the question to be extended ia
the close by abler and better hands.
If a power of removal in the Executive is
found at all in the Constitution it is admitted
to be an implied one, either from the power
of appointment or because " the executive
power is vested in the President."
Has the executive power granted by the Con-
stitution by these words any limitations? Does
the Constitution invest the President with all
executive power, prerogatives, privileges, and
immunities enjoyed by executive officers of
other countries—kings and emperors—without
limitation ? If so, then the Constitution has
been much more liberal in granting powers to
the executive than to n.? legislative branch of
the Government, as thai has only " all legis-
lative powers herein granted [which] shall be
vested in the Congress of the United States ;"
not all uncontrollable legislative powers, as
there are many limitations upon that power as
exercised by the Parliament of England, for
example. So there are many executive powers *
expressly limited in the Constitution, such as
declaring war, making rules and regulations
for the government of the Army and Navy, and
coining money.
As some executive powers are limited by the
Constitution itself, is it not clear that the words
" the executive power is vested in ihe Presi-
dent" do not confer on him all executive
powers, but must be construed with reference
to other constitutional provisions granting or
regulating specific powers? The executive
power of appointment is clearly limited by the
words:
" He shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent ot the ibenate, shall appoint, embassadors,"
^ * " nnd all other officers of the Uni-
ted States whoso appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by
law."
It is not, therefore, more in accordance with
the theory of the Constitution to imply the power
of removal from the power of appointment, re-
strained by like limitations, than to imply it
solely as a prerogative of executive power and,
therefore, illimitable and uncontrollable? Have
the people anj where else in the Constitution
granted illimitable and uncontrollable powers
either to the executive or any other branch of
the Government? Is not the \vhole frame of
government one of checks, balances, and limit-
ations? Is it to be believed that our fathers,
just, escaping from the oppiessions of mon-
archical power, and so dreading it that they
feared the very name of king, gave this more
than kingly power to the Executive, illimita-
ble and uncontrollable, and that, too, by impli-
cation merely?
Upon this point our proposition is, that the
Senate being in session, and an office, not an
inferior one, within the terms of the Constitu-
tion. being filled, the President has the implied
power of inaugurating the removal onlj/ by
nomination of asuccessor to the Senate, which,
I when consented to, works the full removal and
j supersedeas of the incumbent. Such has been,
it is believed, the practice of the Government
from the beginning down to the act about which
t we are inquiring. Certain it is that Mr. Web-
| ster, in the Senate in 18;'..), so asserted without
contradiction, using the following language:
" If one man be Secretary of State and another be
appointed, the tir~t goes out by the mere force ofthe
appointment of the other, without any previous act
ot removal whatever. And this i-i tho praelice of the
Government, and has been from the first. In all tho
removals winch have been made they have generally
