1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3115
The question was taken on Mr. Schexck's
motion ; and there were—ayes 44, noes 20 ; no
quorum voting.
.Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
has a proposition to make to the House.
Mr. ROBINSON. Then I withdraw my
motion.
order of business to-morrow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the proposition
which I made to-day, that the House shall
meet at eleven-o'clock to-morrow, go into
Committee-of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the tax bill immediately after the
morning hour, sit until five o'clock, and have
no evening session.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted
on the motion of the gentleman- froni Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] to close debate, it is not
agreed to.
Mr. ROBINSON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at ten o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned until eleven o'clock a. m.
to-morrow.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio: The petition
of Mrs. Vene L. Kennedy, widow of Dr. Lock
Kennedy, of Batavia, Ohio, for a pension.
By Mr. CULLOM : The petition of William
J. Conkling, in behalf of the one hundred and
forty-fifth regiment Illinois volunteers, asking
Congress to provide for the payment of the
soldiers of said regiment from the date of
enlistment.
By Mr. GLOSSBRENNER: The petitions
of manufacturers of iron &e., in Cumberland
county, Pennsylvania, complaining of the want
of efficient protection against the cheaper labor
and capital of foreign countries, and praying
that Congress will resume consideration of the
tariff bill which passed the Senate but failed
in the House, March, 1867, for want of time,
' and enact it into a law at the earliest practica-
ble moment.
Also, a memorial of tobacco and cigar man-
ufacturers and dealers in the various products
of tobacco, remonstrating against the proposed
change in the internal revenue tax upon tobacco
and its manufacturing products.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of Messrs.
Armstrong & Co., and others, asking removal
of tax on refined petroleum.
Also, the remonstrance of George Richards
and others, against the extension or removal
of Howe's patent on sewing-machines.
By Mr. STOKES : The petition of the widow
of D. H. Bingham, of Athens, Alabama, pray-
ing compensation for forage and other property
used by the United States troops during the
month of May, 1862.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 13, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
contractors for iron-clads.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the consent of the
body to take up for consideration Senate joint
resolution No. 100.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent at this time. Is there any
objection? .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. AMiat is it/
Let the title be read for information. _
The Chief Clerk. The resolution pro-
posed to be taken up is the joint resolution (b.
R. No. 100) for the relief of certain contract-
ors for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object. That had bet-
ter wait until the Senate is full.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate about this matter. I do not wish to
press it while the Senate is so thin, and I am
perfectly willing, if the Senate will take it up,
to give way to other matters until the Senate
becomes more full, which it will in the course
ol' the next ten minutes, and I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate about it. The whole mat-
ter was incidentally discussed the other day in
connection with the other bill that was pre-
sented, and the Senate, I suppose, understands
the case perfectly. Gentlemen who are con-
cerned in this matter, who, as has been before
stated, have been driven to the verge of bank-
ruptcy, it not to total, complete bankruptcy,
by the subject-matters which this bill covers,
have been here for months waiting anxiously
to learn whether Congress would give them the
poor privilege of going into the Courtof Claims
to see if they could make out a case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Missouri will allow his motion to pass by until
the Senate is fuller, I will move to take up a
little bill to which I am sure there will .be no
objection.
Mr. DRAKE. I beg the honorable Senator
from Illinois to allow this joint resolution to
be taken up, and then it may be postponed
for other matters, if the Senate will so far
indulge me.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is the morning business
through?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution indicated by the Senator from Missouri
at this time.
Mr. DRAKE. Does it require unanimous
consent?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. We must first
go through with the morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
new rules it requires unanimous consent until
the morning business is through with.
Mr. DRAKE. If the Senate will just let
me take it up, I will give way to other busi-
u6ss.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You can get it up after
the morning business is through with.
Mr. DRAKE. I fear I shall not be able to
do it then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to taking up the resolution men-
tioned by the Senator from Missouri ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I object._
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Emilie Rossmassler, of Quincy, Illinois, pray-
ing the passage of an act of Congress prohib-
iting the translation of the works of Professor
E. A. Rossmassler, deceased, by any person
without the consent of his widow, and granting
a copyright to her for the publication of the
translations of those works; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Charles
Radcliff, father and heir-at-law of First Lieu-
tenant H. Gansevoort Radcliff, commanding
company C, eighteenth regiment United States
infantry, praying payment to him of an amount
due from the United States to Lieutenant Rad-
cliff at the time of his death; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the memorial of
one hundred and twenty residents and citizens
of the Territory of Colorado, protesting against
the admission into the Union of that Territory
as a State under the pending bill, and assigning
a number of reasons as their grounds of protest,
which, briefly, I will state. They allege that the
sparsity of population and consequent small
amount of taxable property, taken in con-
nection with the depressed condition of mining
affairs, and the high prices necessarily paid for
all services, whether official or otherwise,
render it impossible for them to support a
State government except by taxation, which
will be ruinous to all business enterprises.
They recite that the plan of admission at pres-
ent is a scheme which has been in abeyance
for three years, and that it is contrary to the
wishes of the people for reasons going beyond
the mere question of admission. They recite
further that at the election at which it was
alleged to have been revived, it was treated as
a dead and abandoned issue by both political
parties, and that no inference is to be drawn
from that election favorable to it; and they
recite further that the Senators who seek ad-
mission are not the choice of the people of the
Territory or of any party, and would not be.
The bill having been reported, I ask that the
remonstrance lie on the table.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That order
will bo made.
reports op committees.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Richard B. Duane, on behalf of
Washington Tams, submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed, and asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of
the petition ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1069) for the
relief of Charles B. Tanner, late first lieuten-
ant sixty-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
report of paris exposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution instruct-
ing the committee to inquire into the cost of
printing the reports of the Paris Exposition,
have had the subject under consideration, and
instruct me to report a resolution which I send
to the Chair, and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resnlve.d, That so much of the resolution passed
March 19,1868, as suspends the printing of the report
of the commissioner of the UnitedStates to theParis
Exposition, be. and the same is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have ex-
amined this subject since the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Printing, and I
am of the opinion that if any document should
be printed for distribution it is probably wise
and proper that this report should be, because
I think it will be a benefit to the industrial
interests of the country to have the engravings,
most of which I understand are mere outlines,
that will afford practical facilities for the me-
chanics and artisans of the country to under-
stand the various products that were exhibited
at the Paris Exposition.
But I should like to inquire of the Commit-
tee on Printing in reference to a resolution
which I had referred to that committee early
in the session, in relation to a project by which
we were to cease the general publication of
documents for distribution, and publish them
only at cost for those who might be willing
to pay for them. I am desirous that that
proposition should be acted upon ; but until
that principle shall be adopted by Congress,
if anything is printed by Congress, I conceive
that this is a proper subject to be printed. I
desire information in relation to the general
policy of the country, as to whether the print-
ing of this mass of useless documents at a vast
expense to the country is to be continued or
not.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is for Congress to
decide. The Committee on Printing agree
entirely with the Senator from Vermont that
the printing of documents for gratuitous dis-
tribution is a great abuse. Although it has
been much diminished of late, and the expense
of printing for Congress is very much lower in
greenbacks than it was formerly in golu, still
it is the opinion of the committee that the
proposition of the Senator from Vermont ougnt
to be adopted; and we are now preparing such
