THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38
been effected simply by malting other appointments.
1 e an not lind :i ease to the contrary. Xhere is 110 such
tiling as in'}' di.-tmct olheial act of removal, i hare
looked into the practice, and caused inquiries to be
made m the Depertmeids, and I do not le.irn that j
anv such proceeding is known as an ontry or record ,
oi the n moral ot an officer irom office, and the Pres- I
ident v;l]i■! only act in such cases by causing some
proper record or entry to be made as proof of the fact
ot leinoval. I am awaic that there harebeensome
ea^es in which notice has been sent to persons in office
that theirsei\ ieesarcorwiUbe, afte^yigivenday,dis-
pensed with. These are usuallyeases m which the ob-
ject ii>, not 1 o iniorm thoincunibcn t thathe is removed,
but to tell him that n successor either is, or by a day
named will be, appointed. If there be any instances
in winch such notice is given, without express refer-
ence to the appointment of a successor, they are few;
and even in thc.-e such icfercnce mutt be implied,
becin.-e in no ease is theie any distinct official act of
reino\ al, as 1 can find, unconnected with tho act of
appointment.''
This would seem to reconcile all the provis-
ions of the Constitution, the right of removal
being in the President, to be executed sub
modo, as is the power of appointment, the ap-
pointment., when consummated, making the
removal.
This power was elaborately debated in the
First Congress upon the bills establishing a
Department of Foreign Affairs and the War
Department. The debate arose on the motion,
in Committee of the Whole, to strike out, after
the title of the officer, the words, "to be re-
movable from office by the President of the
United Stales.-' It was four days discussed in
Committee of the Whole in the House, and the
clause retained by a vote of 20 yeas to 34 nays,
which seemed to establish the power of removal
as either by a legislative grant or construction
of the Constitution. But the triumph of its
friends was short-lived, for, when the bill came
up in the House, Air. Benson moved to amend
it by altering the second section of the bill, so
as to imply only the power of removal to be in
the President, by inserting that '' whenever the
principal officer shall be removed from office by
the President of the United States, or in any
other ease of vacancy, the chief clerk shall,
dunug such vacancy, have charge and custody
of all records, books, and papers appertaining
to the Department."
Mr. Benson.-" declared he would move to
strike out the words in the first clause, to be
removable by the President, which appeared
somewhat like a grant. Now, the mode he took
would evade that point and establish a legisla-
tive construction of the Constitution, tie also
hoped his amendment would succeed in recon-
ciling both sides of the House to the decision
and quieting the minds of the gentlemen."
After debate the amendment was carried, 30
to 18. Mr. Benson then moved to strike out
the words "to be removable by the President
of the United States," which was carried, 31
to li); and so the bill was engrossed and sent
to the Senate.
The debates of that body being in secret ses-
sion, we have no record of the discussion which
arose on the motion of Mr. Benson establish-
ing the implied power of removal; but after
very elaborate consideration on several suc-
cessive days the words implying this power in
the President were retained by the casting vote
of the elder Adams, the Vice President. . So
this claimed "legislative settlement" was only
established by the vote of the second exec-
utive officer of the Government. Aia^! most
of our woes in this Government have come
from Vice Presidents. When the bill estab-
lishing the War Department came up the same
words, " to be removable by the Pr.-silent,"
were struck out, on the motion of one. of the
opponents of the recognition of this power, by
a vote of 24 to 22, a like amendment to that
of the second section of the act establishing
the Department of State being inserted. When,
six years afterward, the Department of the
Navy was established, no such recognition of
the power of the President to remove was in-
serted ; and as the measure passed by a strict
party vote, 47 yeas to 41 nays, it may well be
conceived that its advocates did not care to
load it with this constitutional question when
the executive power was about passing into
other hands, for one cannot read the debates
Supplement—3,
upon this question without being impressed
with the belief that reverence for the character
of Washington largely determined the argu ment
in the First Congress. Neither party did or
could have looked forward to such an execu-
tive administration as we have this day.
It has generally been conceded in subse-
quent discussions that here was a legislative
determination of this question, but I humbly
submit that taking the whole action of Con-
gress together it is very far from being determ-
ined. i should hardly have dared, in view
of the eminent names of Holmes, Clay, Web-
ster, and Calhoun, that have heretofore made
the admission, to have ventured the assertion,
were it not that in every case they, as do the
President and his counsel, rely 011 the first vote
in the Committee of the Whole, sustaining the
words " to bo removable by the President,"'
and in 110 instance take any notice ot the sub-
sequent proceedings in the House by which
those words were taken out of the bill. This
may have happened because Eliot's Debates,
which is the authority most frequently cited in
these discussions, stops with the vote in com-
mittee, and takes 110 notice of the further dis-
cussion. But whatever may be the effect of
this legislative construction the contempora-
neous and subsequent practice of the Govern-
ment shows that tho President made 110 re-
movals except by nominations to the Senate
when in session, and superseding officers by a
new commission to the confirmed nominee.
Mr. Adams, in that, remarkable letter to Mr.
Pickering in which he desires his resignation,
requests him to send it early in order that he
may nominate to the Senate, then about to sit,
and he in fact removes Mr. Pickering by a
nomination. Certainly 110 such unlimited power
has ever been claimed by any of the earlier
Presidents, as has now been set up lor the
President by his most rematkable, ay, criminal
answer.
It will not have escaped attention that 110
determination was made by that legislative con-
struction as to how tiie removal, if in the Pres-
ident's power, should be made, which is now
the question in dispute. That has been determ-
ined by the universal practice o( the Gov-
ernment, with exceptions, if any, so rare as
not to be worthy of consideration ; so tha we
now claim the law to be what the practice has
ever been. If, however, we concede the power
of removal to be in the President as an implied
power, yet we believe it cannot be successlnlly
contended upon any authorities or constant
practice of the Goverment that the execution
of that power may not be regulated by the Con-
gress of the United States under the clans; in
the Constitution which "vests in Congress 'he
power to make all laws which shall be neces
sary and proper for carrying into execution1'
"all powers vested by this Constitution in the
Government of the United States or in any
department or officer thereof.
This power of regulation of the tenure of
office, and the manner of removal, has always
been exercised by Congress unquestioned until
now.
On the 15th of May, 1820, (vol. 3 Statutes-at-
Large, p. 582.) Congress provided for the term
of office of certain officers therein named to be
four years, but made them removable at pleas-
ure. By the second section of the same act
Congress removed from office all the officers
therein commissioned, in providing a date wheu
each commission should expire. Congress has
thus asserted a legislative power of removal
from office; sometimes by passing acts which
appear to concede the power to the President
to remove at pleasure, sometimes restricting
that power in their acts by the most stringent
provisions; sometimes conferring the power of
removal, and sometimes that of appointment—
the acts establishing the territorial officers being
most conspicuous in this regard.
Upon the whole, no claim of exclusive right
over removals or appointments seems to have
been made either by the Executive or by Con-
gress. No bill was ever vetoed on this account
until now
In 1818, Mr. Wirt, then Attorney General,
giving the earliest official opinion 011 this ques-
tion coming from that office, said that only
where Congress had not undertaken to restrict
the tenure of office, by tho act creating it,
would a commission issue'to run during the
pleasure of the President; but if the tenure
was fixed by law, then commission must con-
form to the law. No constitutional scruples
as to the power of Congress to limit, the tenure
of office seem to have disturbed the mind of
that great lawyer. But this was before any
attempt had been made by any President to
arrogate to himself the official patronage for
the purpose of party or personal aggrandize-
ment, which gives the only value to this opin-
ion as an authority. Since the Attorney Gen-
eral's office has become apolitical one, 1 shall
not trouble tho Senate with citing or examin-
ing the opinions of its occupants.
In 182ti a committee of the Senate, consist-
ing of Mr. Benton of Missouri, chairman, Mr.
Macon of North Carolina, Mr. Van Buren of
New York, Mr. Dickeison of New Jersey, Mr.
Johnson of Kentucky, Mr. White of Tennes-
see, Mr: Holmes of Maine, Mr. iiayne of South
Carolina, and Mr. Findlay of Pennsylvania,
was appointed to take into consideration the
question of restraining the power of the Pres-
ident over removals from office, who made a
report through their chairman, Mr. Benton,
setting forth the extent of the evils arising from
the power of appointment, to, and removal from,
office by the President, declaring that the Con-
stitution had been changed in this regard, and
that " construction and legislation have accom-
plished this change," and submitted two amend-
ments to the Constitution, one providing a
direct election of the President by the people,
and another "that 110 Senator or Represent-
ative should be appointed to any place until
the expiration of the presidential term in which
such person shall have served as Senator or
Kepresentative," as remedies for some of tho
evils complained of; but the committee say
that, " not being able to reform the Constitu-
tion, in the election of President, they must go
to work upon his powers, and trim down these
by statutory eiiadme-iiis whenever it can be
done by law and with a just regard to the proper
efficiency of government, and for this purpose
reported six bills—one, to regulate the public-
ation of the laws and public advertisements;
another, io ncoure in office faithful collectors
anil disbursers of the revenues, and to displace
defaulters—the iirst section of which vacated
the commissions of "all officers, after a given
date, charged with the collection and disburse-
ment of the public moneys who had failed to
account for such moneys on or before the 30th
day of September precedingand the second
section enacted that "at tho same time a nomi-
nation is made to till a vacancy occasioned by
I he exercise of tho President's power to remove
from office, the fact of the removal shall be
stated to the Senate, with a report of the rea-
sons for which such officers may have been re-
moved ; also a bill to regulate the appointment
of postmasters ; and a bill to prevent military
and naval officers from being dismissed the
service at the pleasure of the President, by in-
serting a clause in the commission of such offi-
cers that " it is to continue in force during good
behavior," and "that no officer shall ever here-
after be dismissed the service except in pursu-
ance of the sentence of a court-martial, or
upon address to the President from the two
Houses of Congress."
Is it not remarkable that exactly correlative
measures to these have been passed by the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and are now the sub-
ject of controversy at this bar?
It does not seem to have occurred to this
able committee that Congress had not the
power to curb the Executive in this regard,
because they asserted the practice of dismiss-
ing from office " to be a dangerous violation
of the Constitution."
In 1830 Mr. Holmes introduced and dis-
cussed in the Senate a series of resolutions
which contained, among other things, "the
