1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
feet that their secession was unlawful. Bat
in the prize cases it was decided that the rebel-
lion was carried on by States; and the decision
was right. Those States seceded and set up
another federal system, to which the people
of all of them owed allegiance while it existed
as a de facto government. It was a high crime
to resist it, and it could not be resisted. The
Government of the United States did not and
could not exercise civil jurisdiction in those
States during the existence of the "so-called"
confederacy. And more: I say this Govern-
ment did not claim to have such jurisdiction
in those States, but distinctly, in many ways,
avowed the contrary.
Then, it appears to me that no man who con-
fined his operations strictly within the lines
of the confederacy or confederate States com-
mitted any crime against the laws of the United
States for which he could be punished. ^ I will
hazard a remark a little more emphatic. I
believe every lawyer in the United States who
has studied this question well will agree with
me. My doctrine, summed up. is about as fol-
lows : I believe that the Constitution of the
United States is the supreme law of the land,
and that it defines the powers and prescribes
the duties of Congress ; that it is a compact
of perpetual union between the States, guaran-
tying to each the right of self government;
that it put in motion the Federal Government,
and is its only charter of powers; that the
Federal Government was ordained as a part
of the State systems of government, and that
the State governments are no part of the
Federal system ; that the constitution and laws
of a State may be rendered inoperative, but
that no unlawful combination of citizens can
lawfully destroy a State constitution ; that
State constitutions are ordained by the sover-
eign voice, and will always exist if the State
exists, unless changed by the same power in a
lawful manner or be overthrown by a foreign
foe for conquest; that the acts of secession
passed by the southern States were the acts of
States, but were unlawful, being in violation
of the compact; that States cannot commit
treason; that southern citizens who staid withm
the lines of the confederacy did not commit
treason; that no act not punishable when com-
mitted can be punishable as acrime; that there
can be no citizens of the Government of the
United States; that a citizen of a State is a
citizen of the United States by virtue of the
Federal Constitution ; that the Government of
the United States can make citizens by a uni-
form system of naturalization only; that States
cannot make citizens; that the Federal Gov-
ernment has no power over the right of suf-
frage ; that the States can confer the right of
suffrage on any one; that none but citizens can
be Senators or members in Congress; that
none but white men were citizens at the time
the Federal Constitution was adopted, and
there being no power of change, none but white
men can ever be citizens in this country except
they be the sovereign power in a State or coun-
try ceded to the United Stales.
In conclusion, no man can rightfully nave
the doors to our courts barred against him*
The legislation resorted to by Congress does
not only abolish the Supreme Court, but abol-
ishes the office of- President of the Dnited
States, at least so far as his constitutional
duties are concerned, and centers all power in
Congress—a Congress exercising legislative,
executive, and judicial powers! Ihis, too, m
violation, as I honestly believe, of their con-
stitutional oaths, and against appeals a,nd good
advice from this side of the House. W e must
turn, then, to another and higher source of
power, if we hope to save our institutions;
with pravers to God for more light we must
make our appeals to the people, where we
hope to find support for the Constitution of
our country—a white man's Government, lib-
erty according to law, and the triumph of that
brotherhood founded in love of our Constitu-
tion and constitutional liberty. Oh, that we
may avert the terrible evils of radicalism;
•that demon spirit, seething in all that is vile
and fclse, reeking in corruption which is
bringing death to our institutions^ by its loath-
some embrace. 'May the God of nations and
men purify tliein to a fitness for American citi-
zenship!
Mr. SHANKS obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. HUNTER, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Shanks
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,^
Mr. Dawes reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union having
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the President's annual mes-
sage, had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. Dawes, the
House (at four o'clock and thirty minutes p.
m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, <tc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. DAAVES: The petition of the Berk-
shire Woolen Company and others, praying
for a revision of taxes.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: A memorial of
William Wilson, of Ohio, chancellor of the
board of trustees of the Protestant University
of the United States, praying for a graut of
public lands to endow said institution.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of John Mar-
tinot, William Clark Bridgeton, and 43 others,
citizens of Bridgeton, Sheridan, Cedar Creek,
Dalton, and Blue Lake, praying that a post
route be established between Bridgeton, in
Newaygo county, and White Hall, in Muskoe-
gan county.
By Mr. IIULBURD. The petition of W.
II. Sawyer and uumerous others, citizens of St.
Lawrence county, New York, praying that the
rights of naturalized citizens maybe protected-
when in foreign countries.
Also, the pioceedings of citizens of Brush's
Mills, New York, in regard to the rights of
American citizens in foreign countries.
By Mr. LAFJjIN: The petition of John
Lassaw, of Lewis county, New York, a soldier
of the war of 1812, for an increase of pen-
sion.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of Alex-
ander Moffitt, for compensation for damages to
his property done by United States troops.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Owen
Griffin, for pension.
By Mr. PERIIAM: The petition of Ward
C. -Courier, company F, forty-third regiment
Ohio volunteers, for pension.
By Mr. POLSLEY : The petition of Mere-
dith' Wells, of Raleigh county, West Virginia.
Also, the petition of J. F. Caldwell, of Green-
brier county. West Virginia.
By Mr. TWJCIIELL : A memorial of James
Williams and others, locomotive builders and
machinists, of Massachusetts and New York,
for change in internal revenue taxes, so as to
tax only articles of luxury.
Also, a memorial of L. F. Whitney and
others, of Massachusetts, for same purpose.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 10, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Guay, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating an estimate from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of an appro-
priation required to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for blank books, stationery, and
miscellaneous items for the office of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs for the year ending
June 30, 1808; which was referred to tliq Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives on Friday last, were read
twice by their titles respectively, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions :
A bill (H- R. No. 373) to place the name of
Mahala A. Straight upon the pension-rolls of
the United States ;
A bill (H. K. No. 659) granting a pension
to Sarah 111. Pickell;
A bill (H. R. No. 661) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of William Craft;
A bill (H. R. No. G6-2) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of George R.
Waters;
A bill (H. R. No. 663) granting a pension to
Cyrus EL Wood, the legal representative of
Cyrus D. Wood;
A bill (H. R. No. 665) granting a pension to
Susan V. Berg; , .
A bill (H. R. No. 666) granting a pension to
Henry H. Hunter; ,
A bill (H. R. No. 667) granting a pension to
Mary Graham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 668) granting a pension to
Elizabeth Butler, widow of Cyrus Butler;
A bill (H. R. No. 669) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of Myron Wilk-
low;
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of Andrew Hol-
man ;
A bill (H. R. No. 671) granting a pension to
the widow of Henry Kaneday ;
A bill (II. R. No. 672) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of Charles W.
Wilcox;
A bill (II. R. No. 673) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of John S.
Phelps:
A bill (H. R. No. 674) granting a pension to
the widow of William S. Hamlin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 675) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of Cornelius L.
Rice;
A bill (H. R. No. 676) granting a pension to
Thomas Connolly; and
A bill (H. R. No. 677) granting a pension to
the minor children of James Heatherly.
The bill (H. R. No. 600) restoring lands to
market along the line of the Pacific railroads
and branches, was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CONNESS. I find in the synoptical
report made by the Associated Press report-
ers of the proceedings of the Senate on the
7 th instant that I am credited with a speech
made by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
suffer from it.
Mr. CONNESS. There have been speeches
made by the honorable Senator that I would
be very willing to father, but not this one.
[Laughter.] The Senator is not always even
in his matter and sometimes happens to be
wrong, as I think he was on this occasion. It
relates to the discussion that took place on the
additional tenure-of-office bill, in which my
position is represented thus:
"Mr. Cohskss took the same view as Mr. Scm-
NER. lle thiRight it inexpedient to make any t-uoh
chanpre witliout, at least, an inctuiry by the commit-
tee. If an Administration were in existence at the
other end of the avenue in which the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. O \ \r i:i>o>:j could have confidence,
he doubted whether the gentleman would attempt to
take from the Secretary of State that small power so
important to tile interests of the State Department
and to the country."
If my position was not stated in another par-
agraph and stated on the other side of the
question I should not have called attention to
this matter; but as I am not in the habit of
being on both sides of questions I beg to call
attention to this and ask the reporter to make
a note of it, that I was simply against the
views taken by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts in his desire to protect the con-
tingencies of the State Department.
