2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 25-,
the necessity of this rule. I have noticed that
these calls tor general information extending
over indefinite periods of time, are usually
made, as suggested by somebody, by gentle-
men who are disposed to quarrel with the Sec-
retaries. I remember that at about the first of
the present Administration the calls upon the
Secretary of the Treasury from the other side
of the Chamber for information about cotton
matters, &c., were very frequent and very
volamineus, covering great length of time and
great multitudes of transactions. Of late,
however, the calls upon the Secretary of the
Treasury come from this side of the Chamber,
while the calls on the Secretary of War are
confined to the other. So it works generally ;
and, therefore, I agree that all these matters
which are exceptional, perhaps, are rather
matters of the minority than otherwise.
But, sir, after all, that does not answer the
difficulty. The difficulty really arises from the
inability of Senators to get at the facts they
want in a narrow compass, from their not
being familiar with the Departments and the
records of the Departments, and knowing what
they intend to do and what they exactly want.
Consequently, they draw resolutions covering
great lengths^of time and great multitudes of
transactions in order to get at a few facts which
a little inquiry would enable them to get with-
out a resolution. The object of this rule, as I
understand it, is to prevent the difficulties that
arise from that source. I before remarked
that I had seen great piles of useless paper on
our Secretary's table frequently, which, after
they got there, the member calling for them
made no use of whatever. He had accom-
plished his purpose ; he had got the inform-
ation printed at the public expense, and whether
it amounted to anything or not did not seem
to make any great difference.
Now, what has the Senator from Kentucky
read as an illustration ? A resolution covering
the whole period of the war and all the trans-
actions of the quartermaster's department in
various sections of the country and of the War
Department proper with reference to vessels.
Why, sir, I undertake to say that if the whole
force in the Department had been busily at
work from the time that resolution was intro-
duced, upon that single thing, down to the.
present moment, they would hardly have been
able to accomplish it. It could not have been
done in the time that has elapsed since then
by any possibility. With the great number of
books to be examined, and the great number
of accounts to be looked at, and everything to
be drawn off, covering the immense transac-
tions of the quartermaster's department during
the whole period of the war, it could not have
been done in the time that has elapsed, and it
will cost an immense deal of money, compara-
tively speaking. As my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] remarks, in order to get that informa-
tion you must examine every quartermaster's
account for every month during the war. It
is impossible to get at that information in any
reasonable time. I do not think it could be
got at under six months.
Is it reasonable to complain of the Secretary
because such a resolution has not yet been
answered? I undertake to say, with my slight
knowledge of those matters, that it could not
have been answered in the time that has
elapsed. Another thing: I do not remember
when the present Secretary, the Secretary now
holding office, came back to the Department;
but, according to my recollection, it has not
been a very long period. Whether he was
there when that resolution was passed or not
I do not know. I suspect not, however ; and
for a period since he has been there he has
been hardly recognized; and the last time since
he has been back in the Department he has
not been recognized at all by the executive
government. What control he may have I do
not know. But the Senator should inquire
before he makes such charges and before he
exhibits a resolution of that kind as illustrating
the neglect of the Department to answer. I
say again, that, in my judgment, it would be per-
fectly impossible in the length of time that has
elapsed, with all the force that the Department
could possibly spare upon it, to have come
anywhere near answering the questions the
Senator put or give the information he desired,
from the very nature of the business itself and
from its voluminous character. That resolu-
tion is one that it would be eminently proper
to send to a committee to examine, to make
inquiries about, if the Senator before he offers
it will not condescend to make inquiries. He
knows what facts he wants with reference to
the matter.
I do not see any danger arising from the
adoption of this rule. I have more than
once spoken of it in reference to single reso-
lutions that have been offered. I do not know
that it is very often that such resolutions come
up ; but when they do they ought to be ex-
amined into. Taking the time that is bestowed
by clerks upon calls of this very character that
come from these two bodies, I should not
be surprised if the absolute expense of them
was $100,000 a year. I think it worth while
te make a little inquiry about them.
But it is said that when such a resolution is
sent to a committee there is danger of its
being stifled. There is no difficulty about that.
If a member of the minority sends a resolution
to a committee, and the committee do not re-
port it, all he has got. to do is to call for it in
open Senate and ask why the committee do
not report it. I have that faith and confidence
in the gentlemen composing this Senate as to
suppose that when a matter of business is sent
to them they will make a business report upon
it, without reference to whether it is to affect
one side of the Chamber or another, one party
or another. I have never seen any disposition
to stifle things in that way 5 and I do not be-
lieve that it exists. If it appeared that there
was undue delay, Senators might make their
complaint,"and they have the same advantage
of it before the country ; and that is, that their
attempt to get information for the benefit of
their constituents has been stifled by a major-
ity ; and they can appeal to the record to show
it; and they will have just as much advantage
from it probably, and more than they would have
from the information itself when they got it;
because, after all, these things generally turn
out to bo mere bugbears. It is very seldom
that anything is developed to the prejudice of
the Departments. I believe, as a general rule,
so far as my observation has extended, the
affairs of the Departments of this Government,
under all parties, have been conducted with
integrity. Occasionally there has been an
exception.
There is a disposition on the part of the
minority always to complain of the majority,
and to suspect fraud and injury ; at any rate
to charge it; but when you come to investigate
it, it very seldom turns out that you cannot
rely with perfect safety upon the high character
and the sense of responsibility of the eminent
men who are placed at the heads of Depart-
ments, let them belong to what party they may.
That has been the result of my observation and
experience. I believe it is true, and I hope it
will always continue to be true in this liepub-
lic. I see 110 danger, therefore, from the adop-
tion of this rule. I think it will save a great
deal of money and a great deal of annoyance.
Mr. IIOWAKD. Before the Senator from
Maine takes his seat, I wish to ask him a ques-
tion.^ The rule which I move to expunge
requires the appropriate committee to whom
the matter shall be referred to " report upon
the same," that is, upon the call, "with an
estimate ef the probable expense of furnish-
ing the information called for." Does the
Senator suppose that in most cases it will be
practicable for such a committee to make any
estimate of the expense?
Mr. FESSENDEN. An approximate esti-
mate. By simply inquiring at the Department,
the Department could answer at once how long
it would take and the number of clerks it would
require to be employed upon it. There is no
trouble about it, practically.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me call the attention
of the Senator to a single call for information
that I made myself at the commencement of
this session. I called for the correspondence
between the Government of the United States
and that of Great Britain in reference to the
joint occupation of the island of San Juan, in
Puget's sound. Of course I knew but very
little concerning the state of the negotiations,
nor did I know what amount of manuscript it
might be necessary for the Department to fur-
nish in response to the call. Does the Senator
suppose that a committee of the Senate, in
such a ease as that, would go to the Secretary
of State and ask permission to look over the
entire correspondence between the two Gov-
ernments in order to make up an estimate of
the cost of responding to the call?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. If it was sent
to a committee of which I was a member, I
should address a note to the Secretary of State,
send him a copy of the resolution, and ask him
how many clerks it would probably take, and
how long, to furnish the information required.
Mr. HOWARD. That might be done, un-
doubtedlv.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There would be no
trouble about it.
Mr. HOWARD. But after all, Mr. Presi-
dent, I see 110 ground of attacking the old rules
because a compliance with such a call may lead
to expense. That seems to be the burden of
the complaint of the Senator from Maine.
Undoubtedly, there are cases in which useless
expense is incurred; but is it not one of the
incidents of a free government ? Is it not one
of the inseparable consequences of a perfectly
free inquiry upon all matters connected with
legislation and with our public affairs ? Is it
possible to avoid it? Do not the people pay
their money readily for such information? Is
it not, after all, one of the most indispensable
qualifications of a member of Congress to be
fully and completely informed upon all subjects
of public concern 011 which he may be called
to act in his legislative capacity ?
It seems to me that the scheme of the com-
mittee to narrow down our expenses in refer-
ence to these calls for information is totally
impracticable ; and I would not, if I could,
carry out the ideas which seem to be enter-
tained by the honorable Senator from Maine.
Give us perfectly free inquiry, such as we have
had always from the commencement of the
Government down to the present time. It is
what we need, and it is what the people need.
If money is unnecessarily expended for such
a purpose, it is not our fault nor the fault of
the people; but it is the fault of the frame of
Government under which we have the good
fortune to live, if it can be called a fault.
I hope, sir, as tliis is an entire novelty, one
which is entirely without precedent in any
State government, and has never been resorted
to by our own Government hitherto, that we
will not embark upon this experiment of being
penny-wise, while at the same time it will turn
out that we are pound-foolish.
Mr. DAVIS. I concede the high authority
of the Senalor from Maine upon all subjects on
which he chooses to give information or to
express his opinion to the Senate; but in re-
lation to the matter of the resolution which I
read a few minutes ago I have authority that
is higher, with me at least, than that of the
honorable Senator from Maine. I am assured
by an officer, one of the best, and most efficient
officers in the Department, that it would re-
quire but a very short time to give all the in-
formation that is asked for in that resolution.
I have no doubt myself that that officer could
put a clerk to work, and in less than one
week's time he would furnish accurate and re-
liable information upon every head of the reso-
lution. I do not entertain any doubt of it from
the information that I have received from one
of the officers.
I am furthermore assured that if the reso-
lution was fully responded to it would dis-
close contracts of sale and of hire at a rate of
sale and of hire, and worthlessness in the ves-
