8116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jund 13,
data and information on the subject as will
enable us to present; it in a form which we
hope will meet the approbation of the Senate.
Iu my opinion there should be a few additional
copies printed of those publications which are
necessary to be placed before us for our own
information. Of course the reports of the
Executive Departments are of no use to us
unless they are printed. Large masses of
manuscript referred to a committee cannot
receive any attention even in the committee,
much less out of it; and when they are printed
I think, and I believe my colleagues of the com-
mittee agreewith me, a few additional copies
should be printed and sold at about the cost
of publication, or a little less than the cost of
publication, for the Government should do
something toward distributing that kind of
information, and then let it pass into the hands
of those who think it of sufficient value to pay
for it. My own experience is that whatever a
man gets in this world without paying for it is
of very little use to him or anybody else.
I am glad that the resolution which I have
reported meets the assent of the Senator from
Vermont, as it was on his motion the resolu-
tion was passed which is to be rescinded. The
committee thought that this report was of very
great consequence to the industrial interests
of the country, and also to the manufacturing
and mechanical productions of the country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 541) to amend an act entitled " An act to
aid the construction of certain railroads in the
State of Wisconsin," approved May 5, 1864;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 542) for the relief of Thomas W. Ward,
collector of customs at Corpus Christi, Texas;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PO WLEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 144) in relation to the erec-
tion of a custom-house at Nashville, Tennes-
see ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PRATT, ARNOLD, AKD WALBKIDGU.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested
to furnish to the Senate all information in his De-
partment m regard to an alleged contract of 1'rall,
.Arnold k. Walbndgo lor carrying the mail on route
No. 15708, between Humboldt City, Nevada, and BoisS
City, Idaho, and also in regard toservicespeiformed
by said parties under said contract, together with all
other information touching the claim of said parties
against the United States.
STATUTE OF LIMITATION AS TO CRIMES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 609. I think it
will take but a few moments to pass it.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire very much to have
the Senate take up and act on the bill pertain-
ing to contested elections in this city. I think
it ought to be acted on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill which I move
to take up is a bill that ought to be acted on,
and I think it will take but a moment. I hope
there will be no objection to it.
' The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 509) in addition to an act passed March
26,1804, entitled "An act in addition to an act
entitled 'An act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States,' " was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill consists of two sections. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary proposed to amend the
first section by striking ont after the word
"committed," in line seven, as follows :
And such indictment may be found within said
period, and prosecution, trial, and punishment had
thereon in any judicial district of the United States
where the offender may be found, or in which any
underwriter or owner of such vessel may reside or
have his established place of business: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall prevent the
finding of such indictment against any person or
persons fleeing from justice after the expiration of
said period.
So as to make the section read:
That no person shall be prosecuted, tried, or pun-
ished for the capital offenses set forth m the act to
which this act is in addition unless the indictment
for the same is found by a grand jury within five
years after such capital offense is committed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" committed," in line three of the second sec-
tion, to insert " within three years;" so as to
make the section read :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That this act shall
tako effect from and after its passage, and its provis-
ions shall be applicable equally to offenses eommit-
tedwithin three years before and offenses committed
after its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
chairman explain what this bill means, and
who it is for, and so on.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. If the Senate desire an
explanation about it—I am sure the Senator
from Vermont does not, for he knows all about
it—it is a bill that was considered in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The whole effect of
the bill is to extend the time within which men
guilty of capital offenses against the United
States may be indicted from three years to
five years.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the chairman of the
committee if it is not intended to meet a par-
tipniAt*
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill has its origin
probably arising out of the fact that there is a
particular case where the limitation will likely
expire before proceedings would take place;
and that is a very proper reason, I suppose, for
calling attention to the law upon that subject
and correcting it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
CO.NT1SSTJ5D ELECTIONS IN WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate, as
m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 534) relating to contested
elections in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia.
The first section provides that whenever any
person has received or shall hereafter receive
a certificate from the register of the city of
Washington, based upon satisfactory evidence
furnished by the commissioners of election,
notifying him of his election to any elective
office of the city, the person receiving such
notification shall be entitled to enter upon the
discharge of the duties of his office, and the
certificate of the register shall be prima facie
evidence of his election to and right to dis-
charge the duties of the office.
The second section provides thatany person
who shall hinder or obstruct a person holding
the certificate of election mentioned in the
foregoing section from entering upon or dis-
charging the duties of his office, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof, in any court of competent
jurisdiction, shall be fined iu any sum not
exceeding $1,000, or be imprisoned in the
county jail not exceeding six months, or both,
in the discretion of the court.
The third section proposes to give the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, or
any judge thereof, jurisdiction to enforce, by
mandamus, or otherwise, the right of any
person holding the certificate mentioned in the
first section; and the action of the court in
relation thereto is to be final.
Under the fourth section any person who
claims, or shall hereafter claim, to be elected
to any elective office in Washington city, may
commence proceedings before the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, by petition
setting forth the facts upon which he relies,
and shall serve a copy on the incumbent or
person who has received the certificate of
election; and the person so served is to make
answer to the petition within five days; and
the court is thereupon to try the rights of the
parties to the office in a summary manner ;
and for that purpose a special session is to be
called and held whenever necessary for the
purposes of such trial; and the decision of the
court in any case so brought before it is to be
final and conclusive. And when any contest
exists in relation to the election of any mem-
ber of the board of aldermen or common
council, the mayor of the city is to appoint all
subordinate officers.
An amendment was reported by the Com.-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to strike
out of the fourth section the following words:
And when any contest exists in relation to the
election of any member of the board of aldermen or
common council, the mayor of said city is hereby
authorized to appoint all subordinate officers.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And when the legal organization of the board of
aldermen or board of common council, shall be
delayed on account of any contest in relation to the
election of any member of either of said boards, the
mayor of said city is hereby authorized to make
temporary appointments of all subordinate officers,
whose appointment or election is authorized by the
said mayor and members of said boards under
existing laws, to continue until said boards shall be
leg&ly organized.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee, of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think some explana-
tion of the force and effect of that amendment
ought to be made to the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me the amend-
ment explains itself. Under the existing laws
subordinate officers in the city of Washington
are elected or appointed by the mayor and the
members of the boards of aldermen andconv
rnon council in joint meeting. While these
boards are in a disorganized condition it is
impossible of course for them to make an elec-
tion. It may be necessary, however, to have
certain of these offices filled during that period,
and the amendment is intended to confer on
the mayor the authority to make temporary
appointments to act during the period of this
supposed controversy. The bill as it stood
originally authorized the mayor to make per-
manent appointments, which the committee
thought was not proper. They think the law
as it now stands is right; but a contingency
having arisen when the boards are unable to
organize, when it may be necessary that sub-
ordinate officers maybe appointed, theauthor-
ity to appoint them temporarily ought to be
lodged somewhere, and the committee propose
to lodge it in the mayor for the time being.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I ask the hon-
orable Senator who has charge of this bill if
its operation is not to be retrospective. The
first clause reads:
That whenever any person has received or shall
hereafter receive a certificate from the register of the
city of Washington, based upon satisfactory evidence
furnished by the commissioners of election, notify-
ing him of his election to any elective office of said
city, the person receiving such notification shall bo
entitled to enter upon the disehaige of the duties
of his office.
I understand that a corporation election has
recently taken place in the city of Washington.
I ask the honorable Senator if the effect and
object of this bill js not to furnish a new law
to regulate and decide that election from what
existed at the time the election took place.
Mr. HARLAN. In answer to the Senator's
inquiry, I would state that it is intended to
provide a law to meel an existing case. There
is now no law on the subject, as far as I can
discover by examination.
Mr. DAVIS. The explanation of the hon-
orable Senator is just what I conceived it would
be. I understand the present law of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to be such that no disputed
election can exist which may not be decided
in the courts bv the law. If I understand the
