34
SUPPLEMENT- TO
right of the Senate to inquire, and the duty of
the President to inform them, when and for
what causes any officer has been removed in
the recess." In 1835 Mr. Calhoun, Mr. South-
ard, Mr. Bibb, Mr. Webster, Mr. Benton, and
Mr. King of Georgia, of the Senate, were
elected a committee to consider the subject.of
executive patronage, and the means of limit-
ing it. That committee, with but one dissent-
ing voice, (Mr. Benton,) reported a bill which
provided in its third section " that in all nom-
inations made by the President to the Senate,
to fill vacancies occasioned by removal from
office, the fact of the removal shall be stated
to the Senate at the same time that the nomina-
tion is made, with a statement-of the reasons
for such removal."
It will be observed that this is the precise
section reported by Mr. Benton in 1826, and
passed to a setond reading in the Senate.
After much discussion, the bill passed the Sen-
ate, 31 yeas, 16 nays—an almost two-thirds
vote. Thus it would seem that the ablest men
of that day, of both political parties, sub-
scribed to the power of Congress to limit and
control the President in his removal from
office.
One of the most marked instances of the
assertion of this power in Congress will be
found in the act of February 25, 1863, provid-
ing for a national currency and Alio office of
Comptroller. (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 12, p.
665.) This controls both the appointment and
the removal of that officer, enacting that he
shall be appointed on the nomination of the
Secretary of the Treasury, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
hold his office for the term of five years, unless
sooner removed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. This
was substantially reenacted June 18(51, with
the addition that " he shall be removed upon
reasons to be communicated to the Senate."
Whore were the vigilant gentlemen then, in
both Houses, who now so denounce the power
of Congress to regulate the appointment and
removal of officers by the President as uncon-
stitutional?
It will be observed that the Constitution
makes no distinction between the officers of
the Army and Navy and officers in the civil
service, so far as their appointments and com-
missions, removals and dismissals, are con-
cerned. Their commissions have ever run,
"to hold office during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident;" yet Congress, by the act of 17ih July,
1862, (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 12, p. 596,) en-
acted " that the President of the United States
be, and hereby is, authorized and requested to
dismiss and discharge from the military service,
either in the Army, Navy, Marine corps, or
volunteer force in the United States service,
any officer for any cause which, in his judg-
ment, either renders such officer unsuitable for,
or whose dismission would promote, the public
service."
Why was it necessary to authorize the Pres-
ident so to do if he had the constitutional
power to dismiss a military officer at pleasure;
and his powers, whatever they are, as is not
doubted, are the same as in a civil office? The
answer to this suggestion may be that this act
was simply one of supererogation, only author-
izing him to do whathe was empowered already
to do, and therefore not specially pertinent to
this discussion.
But on the 13th of July, 186G, Congress en-
acted "that no officer in the military or naval
service shall in time of peace be dismissed
from service except upon and in pursuance of
the sentence of a court-martial to that effect."
What becomes, then,, of the respondent's ob-
jection that Congress cannot regulate his power
of removal from office'I In the snow-storm of
his vetoes why did no flake light down on this
provision? It concludes the whole question
here at issue. It is approved; approval
signed Andrew Johnson.
It will not bo claimed, however, if the ten-
ure-of-office act .is constitutional, (and-that
question I shall not argue, except as has been
done incidentally, for reasons hereafter to be
stated,) that he could remove Mr. Stanton
provided the office of Secretary of War comes
within its provisions, and one claim made here
before you, by the answer, is that that office is
excepted by the terms of the law. Ofcourse-I
shall not argue to the Senate, composed mostly
of those who passed the bill, what their wishes
and intentions were. Upon that point I can- .
not aid them, but the construction of the act
furnishes a'few suggestions. First, let us de-
termine the exact status of Mr. Stanton at the
moment of its passage. The answer^ admits
Mr. Stanton was appointed and commissioned
and duly qualified as Secretary of War under
Mr. Lincoln in pursuance of the act of 1789.
In the absen'ce of any other legislation or action
of the President he legally held his_ office
during the term of his natural life. This con-
sideration is an answer to every suggestion as
to the Secretary holding over from one presi-
dential term to another.
On the 2d of March, 1867, thetenure-of-office
act provided, in substance, that all civil offi-
cers duly qualified to act by appointment, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall be
entitled to hold such office until a successor
shall have been in like manner appointed and
duly qualified, except as herein otherwise
provided, to wit: " provided that the Secre-
taries shall hold their office duringthe term of
the President by whom they may have been
appointed, and for one month thereafter, sub-
ject to removal by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate."
By whom was Mr. Stanton appointed? By
Mr. Lincoln. Whose presidential term was
he holding under when the bullet of Booth
became a proximate cause of this trial ? Was
not his appointment in full force at that hour?
Had any act of the respondent up to the 12th
day of August last vitiated or interfered with
thaf appointment? Whose presidential term
is the respondent now serving out ? His own
or Mr. Lincoln's? If his own, he is entitled
to four years up to the anniversary of the
murder, because each presidential term is four
years by the Constitution, and the regular re-
currence of those terms is fixed by the act of
May 8, 1792. If ho is serving out the remain-
der of Mr. Lincoln's term, then his term of
office expires on the 4th of March, 1869, if
it does not before.
Is not the statement of these propositions
their sufficient argument? If Mr. Stanton's
commission was vacated in any way by the
•' teuure-of-ofiice act," then it must have ceased
one month after the 4th of March, 1865, to
wit, April 4, 1864. Or, if the " tenure-of-
office act" had no retroactive effect, then his
commission must have ceased if it had the
effect to vacate his commission at all on the
passage of the act, to wit, 2d March, 1867 ;
and, in that case, from that date to the present
he must have been exercising Lis office in con-
travention of the second section of the act, be-
cause he was not commissioned in accordance
with its provisions. And the President, by
"employing" him in so doing from the 2d March
to 12th August, became guilty of a high mis-
demeanor under the provision of the sixth
section of said act; so that if the President
shall succecd in convincing the Senate that
Mr. Stanton has been acting as Secretary of
War against the provisions of the " tenure-of-
officc act," which he. will do if he convince
them that that act vacated in any way Mr.
Stanton's commission, or that lie himself was
not serving out the remainder of Mr. Lincoln's
presidential term, then the House of Kepre-
sentatives have but to report another article
for this misdemeanor to remove the President
upon his own confession.
It has been said, however, that in the dis-
cussion at the time of the passage of this law
observations were made by Senators tending
to show that it did not apply to Mr. Stanton,
because it was asserted that no member of the
Cabinet of the President would wish to hold
his place against the wishes of his chief, by
whom he had been called into council: and
these arguments have been made the ground-
work of attack upon a meritorious officer,
which may have so influenced the minds ol
Senators that it is my duty to observe^ upon
them to meet arguments to the prejudice of
my cause.
Without stopping to deny the correctness of
the general proposition, there seems to be at
least two patent answers to it.
The respoSfent did not call Mr. Stanton
into his council. The blow of the assassin
did call the respondent to preside over a Cabi-
net of which Mr. Stanton was then an honored
member, beloved of its chief; and if the re-
spondent deserted the principles under whichhe
was elected, betrayed his trust, and sought to
return rebels, whom the valor of our armies
had subdued, again into power, are not those
reasons not only why Mr. Stanton should not
desert his post, but, as a true patriot, maintain
it all the more firmly against this unlooked-lor
treachery?
Is it not known to you, Senators, and to the
country, that Mr. Stanton retains this unpleas-
ant and distasteful position, not of his own
will alone-, but at the behest of a majority of
those who represent the people of this coun-
try in both Houses of its Legislature, and after
the solemn decision of the Senate that any at-
tempt to remove him without their concurrence
is unconstitutional and unlawful?
To desert it now, therefore, would be to imi-
tate the treachery of his accidental chicf. But
whatever may be the construction of the " ten-
ure of civil office act" by others, or as regards
others, Andrew Johnson, the respondent, is
concludcd upon it.
He permitted Mr. Stanton to exercise the
duties of his office in spite of it, if that office
were affected by it. He suspended him under
its provisions ; he reported that suspension to
the Senate, with his reasons therefor in accord-
ance with its provisions ; and the Senate, act-
ing under it, declined to concur with him,
whereby Mr. Stanton was reinstated. In the
well-known language of the law, is not the re-
spondent estopped by his solemn official acts
from denying the legality and constitutional
propriety of Mr. Stanton's position?
Before proceeding further, I desire most
earnestly to bring to the attention of the Sen-
ate the averments of the President in his
answer, by which he justifies his action in
attempting to remove Mr. Stanton, and the
reasons which controlled him in so doing. He
claims that on the 12th day of August last he
had become fully of the opinion that he had
the power to remove Mr. Stanton or any other
executive officer, or suspend him from office
and to appoint any other person to act instead
"indefinitely and at his pleasure;" that he
was fully advised and believed, as he still be-
lieves, that the tenure of civil office act was
unconstitutional, inoperative, and void in all
its provisions ; and that he had then determ-
ined at all hazards, if Stanton could not be
otherwise got rid of, to remove him from office
in spite of the provisions of that act and the
action of the Senate under it, if for no other
purpose, in order to raise for a judicial de-
cision the question affecting the lawful right
of said Stanton to persist in refusing to quit
the office.
Thus it appears that with full intent to resist
the power of the Senate, to hold the tenure-
of-office act void, and to exercise this illimit-
able power claimed by him, he did suspend
Mr. Stanton, apparently in accordance with
the provisions of the act; he did send the
message to the Senate within the time pre-
scribed by the act; he did give his reasons for
the suspension to the Senate, and argued them
at length, accompanied by what he claimed to
be the evidence of the official misconduct of
Mr. Stanton, and thus invoked the action of
the Senate to assist him in displacing a high
officer of the Government under the provisions
of an act which he at that very moment be-
lieved to be unconstitutional, inoperative, and
void, thereby showing that he was willing to
make use of a void act and the Senate of the
