4140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
the hero whose valor had been resplendent in
the field, and the statesman whose wisdom had
been acknowledged in Congress. The popu-
lar judgment is seldom wrong, but never was
it so right as when it asked that this Govern-
ment should be put in the hands of Grant aud
Colfax. They had seen Grant clothed with
the powers of a dictator, and seen him use
them with the moderation of a patriot. They
had seen him at the head of an irresistible
Army, and seen him disband it as from a dress-
parade. They had watched him achieve vic-
tory after victory, and yet quietly put off all
the shows and trappings of war. They had
found him sagacions as a counselor and safe
as a chieftain. He had proved himself to be
honest, and they knew he could be trusted.
Sir, on that day three hundred thousand
sainted martyrs to the cause of liberty, for
whom the earth had bared her bosom to re-
ceive their manly forms, and heaven opened
wide her gates to receive their noble spirits,
looked down approvingly upon our action, be-
cause it was the action of true and faithful
men, intendingtho honor, prosperity, and hap-
piness of their country. I have no doubt, sir,
of their election. To doubt it would be to
impugn the judgment of my countrymen. The
country demands that the political power for
that "many years to come" desired by the
Democrats shall be intrusted to the Repub-
lican party. They have faith in the Repub-
lican party. They judge it by what it has done,
and hence they know tull well what it will do.
They know that the Republican party is in
fact the only party of peace and prosperity.
It was that party which led the hosts of the
Union to the haven of peace through the
red ordeal of war. These questions which
now embarrass us are but the debris of war.
We have cared for the wounded, we have
buried the dead. We have disbanded our
armies as part of the work remaining after
the war. To give stability to the currency,
to equalize taxation, to harmonize States, and
to insure prosperity, is still another and prob-
ably quite as difficult a portion of that same
labor. But the party which did the one is
unquestionably equal to the other.
1 am not an enthusiast when obstacles are to
bo overcome and when intricate questions are
to be solved. I do not wish, therefore, to be
called visionary or enthusiastic when I pre-
dict the results which will ccrtainly follow irom
the administration of the Republican party in
i'gur years more. We will see, sir, then the
admirable results of having all the different
Departments of the Government acting in
entire unison and accord. Heretofore during
the eight years that our party has been in
power, we have had to give four of them to
stay the tide of rebellion, aud the rest have
been rendered nearly useless to us by the
obstinacy, the perversion, and the machina-
tions of a designing Executive. When we
marched into the field our foe was before us.
Wo knew what we had to meet. There were
no surprises in store for us. Jt waa the dread
arbitrament of battle. But after that we had
another foe to meet, a dangerous foe, powerful
and insidious ; one whose assaults were made
in the garb of peace and under the pretexts o£
law; one who sought to check every step of
our progress and retard every advance of our
civilization. Our time has been occupied in
detecting the hidden ambushes of this enemy,
and saving ourselves from his surprises. But
soon he will pass away.
Like the armed foe whose accessory he was
he will disappear from the public gaze and
become impotent for further harm. With the
Executive to encourage the Congress, and with
a Congress which will respect and hearken to
the Executive', then, indeed, the fruit3 of our
legislation will be visible and gratifying. Com-
merce will revive, for the country will have
stability. Our ships shall once again multiply
upon the seas, for our flag will denote secnnty.
Our name shall be respected abroad, for we
shall have demonstrated the doctrine of self-
government. Our bonds will be sought for
investment, for wo shall have vindicated our
integrity. Our currency shall be unsuspected
at home, for we shall have proved its value.
Our reveuue shall be increased, for the coun-
try will have become inspired with confidence.
Bad men will be hurled from power, and honest
ones put in their places. Our taxes shall be
diminished, for all will unite in yielding them.
The southern States will be reorganized and
recognized, for they will have seen that therein
lays their welfare.
We will go on, sir, as a nation hand in
hand, treading the broad pathway which leads
us up to prosperity and progress, with our march
unimpeded by the difficulties which now sur-
round us, and posterity shall bless our work
unceasingly forever.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, in what I shall have to say on this occa-
sion I shall endeavor to discuss briefly the
political situation as presented to the country
by the two great political parties who have
joined issue before the people upon the ques-
tions which have divided them and now divide
them. I shall not be able to refer to but few
of these questions in the time allotted me, and
shall take up only one or two vital points which
seem to be the great issues that divide and dis-
turb the country, and upon which so much dis-
cussion has already been had. Reconstruction
is the one great question out of which most of
our divisions have arisen, and around which
have revolved the severest controversies that
have grown out of the results and close of the
war. Taxation, corruption in the management
of public affairs, and finance are matters of
great moment, and will have their full share of
attention before the people in the fierce struggle
upon which we are entering, and I doubt not
be well understood by them ; but as the peace
of the country and the safety of the nation is
more directly involved in the restoration of the
States lately in rebellion and the success of the
wise and generous policy adopted by Congress
to accomplish such restoration, and which is
already nearly complete, I shall confine my-
self to this policy, and endeavor to show its
legality and the pressing necessity of its main-
tenance.
The peace of the country is beiug restored
as our work of reconstruction proceeds, and
if it be checked or upturned anarchy and dis-
order must and will follow. The Democratic
party have joined issue with us especially upou
this great question. It has opposed it from
the first here and elsewhere, and now, with the
view of appealing to the people, it has declared
in national convention that all of it is uncon-
stitutional and void, and must be overthrown.
This being such a vital issue, I desire to call
the attention of the country to it, its nature
and character, how it is justified, and why it
should be upheld and sustained by the people.
I cannot dwell upon its details, and it is not
necessary, for they are known to all. The
nature of the work, and under what jurisdic-
tion it rightfully belonged, and the necessities
that entered into and still belong to it, will
more especially engage my attention. As all
this work is to pass in review before the peo-
ple for their approval or disapproval it should
be clearly understood by them.
While the questions submitted are so vital,
and the results to follow the final decision so
important and lasting—while the peace of the
Republic depends upon the verdict which the
people are to give—it is a consolation that lifts
the heart above all despondency and doubt to
know that our Government will be what the
people make it, that it belongs to them and
those who come after them, and who will bear
their names and inherit their purposes and
hopes; that in every trial in the past, how-
ever severe, they have arisen above passion,
prejudice, and party even, and by patriotic
devotion to country and sacrifices never before
known or witnessed in the world's history
have crushed the most causeless, wicked, and
powerful rebellion that ever cursed our race,
and planted the Government, by their devo-
tion, courage, and virtue, upon the immutable
and imperishable foundations of equal and
exact justice to all men.
The great Union party of the country and
as now represented in Congress stand with
firmness upon the policy of loyal reconstruc-
tion which we have inaugurated and nearly
completed, and with faith in'the people and
confidence in their patriotism, believing that
they want peace and not war, a restoration
upon right principles which will stand and not
have within it the seeds of treason and rebel-
lion, and that will secure all the just fruits of
the great conflict we have waged for the na-
tion's life. It is, in a word, whether what lias
been accomplished since the war in the inter-
ests of loyalty and loyal reconstruction shall
be maintained, or whether it shall be over-
thrown, and the governments set up by author-
ity of law and under the provision of the
Constitution which requires_ that republican
governments shall be guarantied to every State
by the United States, and which can only be
done by virtue of and under the authority of
law, shall be overturned. These governments
are now in the hands of and under the control
of loyal men, and men who by their faithful
adherence to our policy and earnest coopera-
tion with us in this work of restoration have
entitled themselves to and have received the
exercise of the power which Congress re-
serves to itself of relieving all such from the
disabilities which the war left upon them.
RECONSTKUCTIOIf.
We enter the field at the close of the war,
leaving the great conflict and its result an
accomplished fact. No ono can deny that the
people of the rebel States became completely
involved in the rebellion, that the govern-
ments of those States were in the interests of
treason and the war against, the Government,
raised men, collected munitions of war, and
prosecuted that war against it for four years
and more with a will and determination never
before equaled by any people, to overthrow
and destroy our institutions and Government.
Those States defied our power, resorted to
every means of war, human and inhuman, to
accomplish their purpose, and I take it that it
can never be questioned by any one or any
party or court, with any degree of self-respect
or honesty, that when the war closed there
were no loyal governments or organizations in
any of those States known to the Constitution
of the United States, or through which the
Government of the United States could cooper-
rate.
Those that existed before the war were swept
away, or had taken upon themselves all the
character of treason and rebellion, giving
allegiance to another government formed and
established for the very purpose of destroying
the Government of the United States. No
one has yet been able to show that those rebel
States were in accord with us, or could have
any claim upon lis for recognition. Neither
the close of the war, the collapse of the rebel-
lion, nor the laying down of their arms by those
engaged in it makes any difference in the status
of those States or their people as connected
with the Governmentof the United States, any
more than would the voluntary surrender of
himself of a murderer who had willfully com-
mitted the act relieve himself of the penalty of
the law he had violated by such a surrender,
lhe Constitution proclaims that levying war
against the Government or giving aid and com-
fort to its enemies is treason, the highest crime
known to our laws. This treason or crime is
against the great loyal people of the country,
the power they represent, the sovereignly of
the nation, and those who have defied it and
committed all these acts of rebellion and war
cannot voluntary and of their own motion aud
when it suits their pleasure, upon ceasing open
hostilities, lay aside for themselves all their
disabilities, wash out all the stains their enor-
mous crimes have covered themselves with, and
take again upon themselves their former purity
and virtue, and assume at their pleasure the
power and place they threw aside to engage in
the unholy war by which they are so disabled.
