THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
United States as his tools to do that which he
believed neither had any constitutional power
to do. Did not every member of the Senate,
when that message came in announcing the
suspension of Mr. Stan'on, understand and
believe that the President was acting in this
case, as he had done in every other case, under
the provisions of this act ? Did not both sides
discnss the question under its provisions ?
Would any Senator upon this floor, on either
side, so demean himself as to consider the
question one moment if he had known it was
then within the intent and purpose of the Pres-
ident of the United States to treat the delib-
erations and action of the Senate as void and
of none effect if its decision did not comport
with his views and purposes ; and yet, while
acknowledging the intent was in his mind to
hold as naught the judgment of the Senate if
it did not concur with his own, and remove
Mr. Stanton at all hazards, and as I charge it
upon him here, as a fact no man can doubt,
with the full knowledge also that the Senate
understood that he was acting under the pro-
visions of the tenure-of-office act, still thus
deceiving them, when called to answer for a
violation of that act, in his solemn answer, he
makes the sliameless avowal that he did trans-
mit to the Senate of the United States a " mes-
sage wherein he made known the orders afore-
said and the reasons which induced the same,
so far as the respondent then considered it
material and necessary that the same should
be set forth." True it is, there is not one
word, one letter, one implication in that mes-
sage that the President was not acting in good
faith under the tenure-of-office act and desiring
the Senate to do the same. So the President
of the United States, with a determination to
assert at all hazards the tremendous power of
removal of every officer, without the consent
of the Senate, did not deem it "material or
necessary'' that the Senate should know that
he had suspended Mr. Stanton indefinitely
against the provisions of the teuuie of-oifice
act, with full iuteut, at all hazards, to remove
him, and that the solemn delibeiations of the
Senate, which the President of the United
States was then calling upon them to make in
a mattei of the highest governmental concern,
were only to be of use in case they suited his
purposes : that it was not " material or neces-
sary " Sov the Senate to know that its high
decision was futile and useless; that the Pres-
ident was playing fast and loose with this
branch of the Government—which was never
before done save by himself.
If Andiew Johnson never committed any
other offense—if we knew nothing of him save
from this avowal—we should have a full pic-
ture of his mind and heart, painted in colors
of living light, so that no man will ever mis-
take his mental and moral lineaments here-
after.
Instead of open and frank dealingasbecomes
the head of a great Government in every rela-
tion of life, and especially needful from the
highest executive officer of the Government to
the highest legislative branch thereof; instead
of a manly, straightforward bearing, claiming
openly and distinctly the rights which he be-
lieved pertained to his high office, and yielding
to the other branches, fairly and justly, those
which belong to them, we find him, upon his
own written confession, keepingback his claims
of power, concealing his motives, covering his
purposes, attempting by indirection and sub-
terfuge to do that as the ruler of a great nation
which, if it be done at all. should have been
done boldly, in the face of day ; and upon this
position he must stand before the Senate and
the country if they believe his answer, which I
do not. that he had at that time these intents
and purposes in his mind, and they are not the
subterfuge and evasion and after-thought which
u criminal brought to bay makes to escape the
consequences of his acts.
Senators ! he asked you for time in which to
make las answer. You gave him ten days, and
this is the answer he makes! If he could do
this in ten days, what should we have had if
you had given him forty? You show him a
mercy in not extending the time for answer.
Passing from further consideration of the
legality of the action of the respondent in re-
moving Mr. Stanton from office in the manner
and form and with the intent and purpose with
which it has been done, let us now examine
the appointment of Brevet Major General Lo-
renzo Thomas, of the United States Army, as
Secretary of War ad interim.
I assume that it is not denied in any quarter
that this ad interim appointment to this office
is the mere creature of law, and if justified at
all is to be so under some act of Congress.
Indeed, the respondent in his answer says that
in the appointment of General Grant ad in-
terim ho actcd under the act of February 13,
1795, and subject to its limitations. P>ytheact
of August 7, 1789, creating the Department
of War, (1 Statutcs-at-Large. p. 49,) "in ease
of any vacancy" no provision is made for any
appointment of an acting or ad interim Sec-
retary. Inthatcasethe records and papers are
to be turned over for safe keeping to the cus-
tody of the chief clerk. This apparent omis
sion to provide for an executive emergency
was attempted to be remedied by Congress
by the act of May 8, 1792, (1 Statutes, 281,)
which provides "that in case of the death,
absence from the seat of Government, or sick-
ness of the Secretary of State, Secretary of the
Treasury, or of the Secretary of the War De-
partment, or of any officer of either of the said
Departments whose appointment is not in the
head thereof, whereby the;/ cannot perform the
duties #f their respective offices, it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States, in
case he shall think it necessary, to authorize
any person or persons, at his discretion, to
perform the duties of the said respective offices
until a successor be appointed, or until such
absence or inability by sickness shall cease."
It will be observed that this act provides for
vacancies by death, absence, or sickness only,
whereby the head of a Department or am/ offi-
cer in it cannot perform ft is duti/, butmaRes no
provision for vacancy by removal.
Two difficulties were found in that provision
of law: first, that, it, provided only for certain
enumerated vacancies ; and also, it authorized
the President to make an acting appointment
of any person for any length of time. To meet
these difficulties the act of 1'itli February, 179;'),
was passed, (1 Statutes-at-Large, 415) which
provides "in case of vacancy, whereby the
Secretaries or any officer in any of the Depart-
ments cannot perform the duties of his of ice,
the President may appoint any person to per-
form the duties lor a period not exceeding six
■months.''
Thus the law stood as to acting appointments
in all of the DepatfmenU (except the Navy and
Interior, which had no provision for any per-
son to act. in place of the Secretary) until the
19th of February, 1863, when, by the second
section of an act approved at that date, (12
Statutes. 01(5,) it was "provided that no person
acting or assuming to act as a civil, military, or
naval officer shall have any money paid to him
as salary in any office which is not authorized
by some previously existing law.'' The state
of the law upon this subject at that point of
time is thus: in case of death, absence, or
sickness, or of any vacancy -whereby a Secretary
or other officer of the State, War, or Tieasury
Department could not perform the duties of
the office, any person could be authorized by the
President to perform those duties for the space
of six months.
For the Departments of the Interior and the
Navy provision had been made for the appoint-
ment of an assistant Secretary, but vo provis-
ion in case of vacancy in his office, and a re-
striction put upon any officers acting when not
authorized by law, from receiving any salary
whatever.
To meet those omissions and to meet the case
of resignation of any officer of an executive
Department, and also to meet what was found
to be a defect in allowing the President to ap-
point any person to those high offices for the
space of six months, whether such person had
any acquaintance with the duties of the Depart-
ment or not, an act was passed February 20,
18G3, (12 Statutes, p. 050,) which provides, that
in case of the death, resignation, absence from
the seat of Government, or sickness of the head
of an executive Department of the Govern-
ment, or of any officer of either of the said
Departments whose appointment is not in the
head thereof, whereby they cannot perform the
duties of their respective offices, it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States, in
case he shall think it necessary, to authorize
the head of any other executive Department or
otherofficerineitherof said Departments whose
appointment is vested in the President, at his
discretion to perform the duties of the said re-
spective offices until a successor be appointed,
or until such absence or inability shall cease.
Therefore, in case of the death, resignation,
sickness, or absence of a head of an executive
Department, whereby the incumbent could not
perform the duties of his office, the President
might authorize the head of another executive
Department to perform the duties of the vacant
office: and in case of like disability of any
officer of an executive Department other than
the head, the President might authorize an
officer of the same Department to perform his
duties for the space of six months.
It is remarkable that in all these statutes
from 1789 down, no provision is made for the
case of a removal, or that anybody is empow-
ered to act for the removed officer, the chief
clerk being empowered to take charge of the
books and papers only.
Does not this series of acts conclusively dem-
onstrate a legislative construction of the Con-
stitution that there cpuld be no removal of the
cffjJwf of an executive Department by the act of
the President save by the nomination and ap-
pointment of his successor, if the Senate were
in session, or a qualified appointment till the
end of the next session if the vacancy happened
or was made in recess?
Let us now apply this state of the law to the
appointment of Major General Thomas Secre-
tary of War ad interim by executive order.
Mr. Stanton had neither died nor resigned,
was not sick nor absent. If he had been,
under the act of March 3, 1803, which repeals
all inconsistent acts, the President was author-
ized only to appoint the head of another exec-
utive Department to fill his place ad interim.
Such was not General Thomas. He was sim-
ply an officer of the Army, the head of a bureau
or department of the War Department, and not
eligible under the law to be appointed. So that
his appointment was an illegal and void act.
There have been two cases of ad interim
appointments which illustrate and confirm this
position ; the one was the appointment of Lieu-
tenant General Scott Secretary of War ad in-
terim, and the other the appointment of Gen-
eral Grant ad interim upon the suspension of
Mr. Stanton, in August last.
The appointment of General Scott was legal
because that was done before the restraining
act of March 2, 1803, which requires the detail
of the head of another Department to act ad,
interim.
"The appointment of General Grant to take
the place of Mr. Stanton during his suspension
would have been illegal under the acts I have
cited, he being an oflieer of the Army and not
the head of a department, if it had not been
authorized by the second section of the '• ten-
ure-of-civil-office act," which provides that in
case of suspension, and no other, the President
may designate "some suitable person to per-
form temporarily the duties of such office until
the next meeting of the Senate." Now, Gen-
eral Grant was such "suitable person," and
was properly enough appointed under that
provision.
This answers one ground of the defense which
is taken by the President that he did not sus-
pend Mr. Stanton under the "tenure-of-office
