1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
sels sold and hired, and also sales made by the
Government of vessels that were of a good
quality at prices that would demonstrate to any
unprejudiced mind that there was corruption
or the greatest negligence and inefficiency in
this part of the public service. I do not be-
lieve, where books are properly kept, that it
requires the length of time that we frequently
hear intimated to give information that is
asked for by Senators.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire of the Senator if
that officer of whom he speaks informed him
that the Department kept books which showed
the facts embodied in this inquiry?
Mr. DAVIS. He told me that it would not
take long to give the information I wanted;
and that was sufficient for me.
Now, Mr. President, here is an exceptional
service in the War Department. What hag
the Secretary of War or the War Office or the
War Department to do, properly, with the pur-
chase of vessels? It may become necessary,
and has no doubt become necessary, and has
often been proper; but it is rather an excep-
tional part of the service attached to the War
Department, belonging particularly and pecu-
liarly to the Navy. So far as the War De-
partment has been attending to business of this
kind, purchasing vessels, hiring vessels, sell-
ing vessels, and all that sort of thing, I am as-
sured by an officer in whom I have the highest
confidence that all the information sought for
by the resolution, if a particular bureau or
office of the Department had been asked, could
have been given in a very reasonable time.
But there is no response, no reply to it. If
instead of appealing to the Carnot of the War
Department, according to the usage and cus-
tom of the Government, there had been a rule
of the Senate that authorized me to appeal
directly to a particular subordinate officer, I
could have got this information long ago, with-
out much trouble, delay, or expense, I have 110
doubt.
But the honorable Senator from Michigan
suggested intrinsic difficulties to the execution
of this rule, if it should be adopted. How can
the different committees speak of what would
be the approximate cost and the time, for an-
swering calls 011 particular subjects in the dif-
ferent Departments? The committee would
have to go there and explore each Department
and eacli bureau and each office, and ascer-
tain the extent of the entries of records there,
before they could give even an approximate
judgment as to what would be the cost of an-
swering such calls and what would be the time
and the additional force that would be required.
I think, with the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, that the matter had better be left where it
has been from the beginning, and that each call
should be left to be passed upon and adjudged
by the Senate upon the proper responsibility
of Senators in open Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say simply a
word upon the suggestion made by the honor-
able Senator from Maine when up touching
this rule, as to the course that would be pur-
sued under it, namely, that a committee would
address the proper Department and get an esti-
mate of the expense involved in the inquiry.
There, sir, would be its greatest abuse, if
the resolution called upon the head of a De-
partment who did not want to make the reform-
ations asked for the estimate of expenses might
be put at such a rate as would discourage the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They would lie about
it!
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
from Maine says they would lie about it. Well,
sir, the honorable Senator, having been once
the head of a Department, may be the best
judge of whether they would or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean that is the
charge the Senator makes. I do not say it is
so. He says distinctly that they would make
such a report as would discourage action; that
is, an untrue report. That is nothing but
charging them with falsehood.
Mr. CONNESS. I would not say that the
Senator was sensitive, because it is not sensi-
tiveness that caused him to make the response
that he did. He was fairly caught in his own
trap, and I have nothing to say in reply to it.
I did not, however, intend to say that the head
of a Department would tell a falsehood; but
we know that in connection with these matters
there is a certain amount of elasticity that
might be practiced; and I hardly think the
honorable Senator would like to state to the
contrary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the honorable Sen-
ator appeals to me, I will state 
Mr. CONNESS. No; I did not make an
appeal to the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state that in a
matter of verity I do not plead guilty to any
elasticity of conscience. The Senator speaks
for his own conscience, I suppose, not for mine.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I have al-
ready said that I never had any experience as
the head of a Department, llow can I speak
from my own experience ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tou spoke of elasticity
of conscience.
Mr. CONNESS. Nor have I attributed the
elasticity suggested to my honorable friend. I
rather think that if thelionorable Senator lacks
any of the graces it is the grace of elasticity,
and particularly in the direction that I have
indicated. I concede, in other words, entire
truthfulness to my friend.
But I rose also to take exception, in a friendly
manner, to some very broad statements made
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky when
last up. His resolution, to which he alluded,
calls for information from the War Department
touching contracts for the hire and sale of ves-
sels ; and in that connection the honorable Sen-
ator incidentally condemned the practice of
hiring and selling vessels by the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; the honorable Sen-
ator mistook me. I did not condemn it.
Mr. CONNESS. I understood the honor-
able Senator to say that all that class of busi-
ness more properly belonged to, or came under
the head of, the Navy Department.
Mr. DAVIS. I said it was exceptional to
the War Department.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it was not
exceptional to the War Department. The War
Department necessarily did very much of it
during the war. All that related to the trans-
portation of troops, in the hire and purchase
and sale of vessels, devolved upon the War
Department. In this connection the Senator
undertook to say that if he had been furnished
with the report called for he could reveal trans-
actions discreditable to the head of the War
Department. Upon that I take direct issue
with the honorable Senator; and although I
know, and we all know, which of the two Sec-
retaries of the War Department, the real or
the bogus one, our friend's affections and affin-
ities go to 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow
me 
Mr. CONNESS. When I finish my sen-
tence I will give way to the honorable Senator.
I, nevertheless, have that confidence in the
sense of justice of the honorable Senator to
believe that he would not, knowingly, charge
even the present head of the War Department
with a wrong.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
now permit me?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator in
attributing to me any inclination whatever to
either of these honorable Secretaries does the
Secretaries or myself great injustice. I never
had any such feeling toward either of them. 1
never was in the presence of either of them
but once each; and I assure the honorable
Senator that toward both of them I have no
feelings whatever but those of repugnance.
[Laughter.]
Now, in relation to what I expect to estab-
lish by the proof—of course I do not know
personally that it would establish ; but my in-
formation is that it would reveal -an administra-
tion of the War Department in relation to these
particular transactions that would be calculated
to bring upon it the highest discredit.
Mr. CONNESS. I can readily understand,
and so can the Senate, the truth of what the
Senator says, that he regards both of these func-
tionaries with equal repugnance. We know by
a long experience that the real Secretary of
War is very cordially disliked by the honorable
Senator; and we also know that innately and
instinctively the Senator despises a pretender.
Consequently, he can have no particular regard
for the ad interim Secretary.
Mr. HOWE. Ad outerim. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Adouterim, the honorable
Senator suggests. Very well; you can have it
either way. But what I rose to say was this :
that one of the best acts of Edwin M. Stanton
as Secretary of War was in bringing to prompt
arrest and condign punishment the perpetra-
tors of frauds upon the Treasury in the very
branch of service to which the Senator's reso-
lution alludes and relates. One of my first
experiences when I arrived here in 1863, with
a commission as United States Senator, was in
this very connection. Some gentlemen visited
me claiming to be constituents of mine, and
claiming that they were prevented by an order
of the Secretary of War from going to Fortress
Monroe where they had property, and asking
me to interfere in their behalf. After making
a considerable statement, 1 visited the Secre-
tary of War, but not until I became pretty well
satisfied from the statement of the parties
themselves that they were engaged in connec-
tion with illicit proceedings. However, I vis-
ited the Secretary of War. I found that it re-
lated to the celebrated case, well-known by the
Senate, and which was afterward investigated
by the Senate, of Captain Hunt, who had been
arrested by the Secretary of War and impris-
oned in the Old Capitol prison. Without going
into the exact particulars ofthe case, with which
I am pretty familiar, I will say that I quit it,
being convinced of the promptness, the fair-
ness, and the justice with which the Secretary
had acted in the case and in like cases ; and I
added then, that if I were in his place and had
the power, I would have exacted a very much
severer sentence against those malefactors.
I desire the Senator to understand some-
thing about this branch of the service, and so
I will state what that case was. There were
quartermasters necessarily intrusted with the
purchase of vessels to transport troops, muni-
tions of war, and supplies from point to point
by sea; and there were superintendents of
transportation ; and then there were collusions
gotten up between these quartermasters and the
superintendents of transportation. The super-
intendent of transportation would condemn a
vessel purchased by his confederate, the quar-
termaster, and the quartermaster upon such
condemnation would offer the vessel for sale,
and sell it in such a manner as that it might be
purchased by a third party to the transaction
and a confederate at a very low rate. Then,
with a coat of paint, or some other means of
changing the outer aspect of the craft, she was
relet or resold to the Government, being offered
to another officer. It was simply impossible
for the Secretary of War, being here at Wash-
ington involved in the immense outlays and
intricacies of the Department that he was then
at the head of, to become immediately and
instantly acquainted with the subtleties and
schemes of these men intent on but one pur-
pose, and that was to enrich themselves in that
period of great public excitement and concern
at the public expense. But so soon as inform-
ation came to Mr. Stanton he laid his strong
hand upon each of those malefactors and put
them in a public prison, against which acts,
from time to time, my honorable friend, in
behalf of the rights and liberties of the indi-
vidual citizen, cried out in stentor tones,
have no doubt that my friend reaily is ap advo-
cate of individual rights and a fair administra-
tion of law : but I have no doubt either that lie
has often allowed himself, and in this very con-
