1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi- !
zens of Clayton, Barbour county, Alabama, |
praying tixat Benjamin Gardner be relieved
i'rora civil disabilities imposed on him by acts
of Congress ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
Gardner, of Clayton, Alabama, praying to be
relieved from civil disabilities imposed on him
by acts of Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Virginia, praying for the removal of the civil
disabilities imposed upon William Walter
Douglas and Richard F. Bryant, of liichmond
county, and Dr. E. H. Smith, of Richmond
city, by acts of Congress; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of William
F. Holden, praying to be relieved from civil
disabilities imposed upon him by acts of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of enlisted men
on duty at the \\ ar Department as clerks and
messengers, praying that they may have the
benefit of their pensions while so employed;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of John Cal-
vin Johnson, of Georgia, p'raying to be re-
lieved from civil disabilities imposed upon him
by acts of Congiess; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of manufac-
turers of Massachusetts, praying for an entire
revision of the internal revenue laws and a re-
organization of the internal revenue depart-
ment, a reduction of all expenditures to the
limit required by a just and careful economy,
a repeal of all taxes on raw materials and
manufactures, except articles of luxury; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES presented the petition of John
Guest, captain United States Navy, praying
for the passage of the bill (S. No. 172) mak-
ing further provisions for widows and heirs of
officers of the Navy, andfor establishing naval
life insurances ; and a memorial of Henry 0.
Mayo, surgeon United States Navy, remon-
strating against the passage of the said bill;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of R. B. Hitch-
cock, retired commodore United States Navy,
praying to be allowed the rank of rear admiral
m the Navy on the retired list; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Obadiah
F. Plum, company F twenty-second regiment
Iowa volunteer infantry, praying for an increase
of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Madelia to New
Ulm, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
M. F. Carleton, praying for payment for the
time he performed duty in the field, he having
been commissioned while doing service in the
field; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Henry H. Cuppy and Elizabeth, his wife, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to (he Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Susan
Overlees, praying that a pension be granted to
Daniel Overlees, as guardian of John A. Weed
and Elizabeth Jane Weed, children of Robert
T. Weed, late a private in the second Indiana
battery, who was killed November 10, 1804,
while getting on a train of cars at Mishawaka,
Indiana ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON". I also present the petition
of clerks, messengers, watchmen, machinists,
carpenters, and laborers employed at the Con-
gressional Printing Office, asking that they may
be allowed the twenty per cent, extra compen-
sation, and T a*k to have it rend to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read, if there be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDRN. I believe it is against
the rule to have a memorial read, and it is a
very bad precedent. It takes up time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be read unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. F'ESSENDEN. I think I must object,
because I think it is a bad precedent and takes
up time. I am sorry to apply it to anything
presented by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. 1 think it ought to be read
in the hearing of the Senate; but if there be
objection to that I will ask to have it referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will withdraw my
objection if my friend wishes to have it read.
It does no good in the world to read memo-
rials here. They pass out of the minds of
Senators, and it takes up the morning hour,
and there is a nile against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An objec-
tion does not carry it over. It is in the power
of the Senate, and it can be decided on a mo-
tion whether it shall be read or not without
debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will withdraw my
objection, as my friend wishes to have it read.
The Secretary read the petition, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States :
The undersigned clerks, messengers, watchmen,
machinists,carpenters, and laborers employed at tlie
Congressional Piintin^ Olficc respectiully petition
that, in consideration of the contemplated^addition
oftwenty per cent.to the salaries of thevarious Gov-
ernment employes, the benefits of that measure be
extended to them.
With but few exceptions their pay is very mease!*,
and in these times of enormous rents and high prices
oftood, as well as other necessaries of life, they find,
in many eases, their income wholly inadequate to
meet the demands upon them; especially with those
having large families is this the case; and, in conse-
quence thereof, they aro frequently compelled to
anticipate their month's pay and to submit to usury
in order to eke out their scanty living.
In consideration of the above facts they sincerely
trudt that theirpetition may meet with your favor-
able consideration.
Mr. MORTON". I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Similar petitions have
been referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, I believe.
Mr. MORTON. Then I will change the
I'gf^rcnce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Appropriations have nothing to do with it. ^ It
is a matter that is not provided for by existing
laws.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I was about to
suggest that the Committee on Appropriations
have come to the conclusion that this subject
belongs elsewhere, and that all such petitions
and memorials should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro temp/ire. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves that this petition be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. C0NKL1NG presented resolutions of
the common council of Buffalo, New York,
praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at that place; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Henry
Newall, praying that the Secretary of theTreas-
ury may be authorized to issue to him dupli-
cate United States bonds in lieu of United
States bonds Nos. 87,785, 87,78G, 37,788, and
84,954, lost at sea in October, 18CG ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial
of the board of aldermen of Bath, Maine, re-
monstrating against the removal ot the United
States court now held in that place ; wliicn
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also presented a letter of tlie Secretary
of State, communicating copies of two dis-
patches from Arthur Folsom, United States
consul at Cape Haytien, relative to his claim
for expenses incurred in furnishing food to
American citizens and for property stolen;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire, pre-
sented a memorial of J". A. Cushing, praying for
the appointment of a committee with power to
make a complete investigation into the busi-
ness of the Washington Gas-light Company,
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Kansas in favor of giving pro-
tection to all bona fide settlers on the Cherokee
neutral lands, and that they may purchase the
land on which they have settled in accordance
with existing preemption laws, and that the
sales of the Cherokee lands may be set aside
and declared void ; which were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of J.
F. Caldwell, praying that he be allowed inter-
est on ยง1,1(57 for the time that sum was ille-
gally withheld from him for carrying the mail
on routes 2084 and 1984 in the State of Vir-
ginia ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of hon-
orably discharged officers of the Army, protest-
ing against the passage of the bill prohibiting
the payment of the difference between eleven
and sixteen dollars per month in the pay of
officers' servants from May 1, 1864, to March
8, 18G5; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the pe-
tition of Oscar Bullus, a commodore on the
reserved list of the Navy, praying to be per-
mitted to draw pay as a captain on the re-
served list, being the rank held by him on the
2d of March, 1867; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY present'ed a memorial of
late officers of the Army, protesting against the
passage of the bill prohibiting the payment of
the difference between eleven and sixteen dol-
lars per month in the pay of officers' servants
from May 1, 18C4, to March S, 1865; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of the
Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company,
praying Congress by joint resolution to con-
strue "a resolution for the relief of the State
of Wisconsin," approved July 1, 1864, as to
entitle them to reimbursement out of the canal
land fund for certain amounts paid out by
t'nem ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, praying for the removal of obstructions
in the East river at Hurl Gate and the im-
provement of the navigation from Long Island
sound to the city of New York; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the State of New York,
praying for the construction of a harbor of
refuge on Block Island; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Buffalo, New York, praying for the passage
of a law legalizing all written contracts for the
payment of gold coin; which was ordered to
lie on the table, a bill on the same subject
having been reported from the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens oi
the county of New York, in regard to dis-
crimination against publishers of newspapers
in that county in postage on newspapers
printed and distributed in New York city ana
county, and praying for relief from the burden
of unequal taxation, as they allege they are
compelled, by a decision of the postmaster
at New York city, to affix a penny stamp on
each paper sent to subscribers in the county ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
