1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4141
They have violated law, the supreme law,
and can only be relieved by and through the
authority of law. The people, whose authority
they have defied and whose laws they have
trampled under their feet, through their rep-
resentatives, are alone able to reestablish those
States and clothe them with loyalty and put
them in a position to be again restored to
a full and equal participation in the Govern-
ment with the other and loyal States. Any
other theory than this is a false and dangerous
one. If adopted, and it becomes the settled
theory of our people, our Government is but
a myth, our Constitution but a rope of sand,
with no inherent power or strength to save
itself from overthrow and compel obedience to
its Constitution and laws. Any other doctrine
than this is in the interests completely of seces-
sion, and if adopted would reverse all the set-
tlements of the war, change the decisions
which have been given amid the fire and blood
of a thousand battle-fields, and proclaimed at
the termination of the great conflict over the
graves of more than half a million of our
people who fell in the controversy and whose
death was the cost of the struggle. Is it not
strange that any one who has a regard for his
name and fame dare take issue with us on
this question?
The Democratic party, in Congress and out
of it, not only acts against our policy and
obstructs our work in trying to reestablish and
restore these States, but boldly proclaims the
doctrine that the rebel States, without law in
their behalf, without the action of the loyal
people against whom they have offended and
whose laws they have violated openly and will-
fully, can demand at the hands of the Govern-
ment complete recognition, and can resume
their former place in said Government and ex-
ercise their ancient power and control. If this
can be done, then no crime has been committed
by the States or people in rebellion ; then seces-
sion is right and justifiable when it can secure
success; then is our Government powerless and
not entitled to the respect and obedience of the
people, and cannot command, as it now does,
the admiration of the world.
The President of the United States announced
in his proclamation, issued directly after the
war closed, when he began his work of recon-
struction in North Carolina, the true doctrine
in relation to the status of the rebellious States,
and the Republican party has ever acted upon
this doctrine, and upon it is based its work of
reconstruction. In the preamble of that proc-
lamation the President says:
" Whereas the fourth section of the fovirrhartiele of
the Constitution ot the United States declares that
the United States shall guaranty to every State m
the United States a republican form of government,
and shall protect. each of them against invasion and
domestic violence; and whereas tile President of the
United States is by the Constitution made Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, as well as
chief civil executive officer of the United States, and
is bound by solemn oath faithfully to execute the
office of President of the United States, and to take
eare that the laws be faithfully executed; and
whereas the rebellion which has been waged by a
portion of the people ot the United States against
the properly constituted authorities of the_ Govern-
ment thereof in the most violent and revolting form,
but whose organized and armed forces have now been
almost entirely overcome, has, in its revolutionary
progress, deprived tho people of the State of North
Carolina of all civil government: and whereas it
becomes necessary and proper to carry out and en-
force the obligations of the people of tho United
States to the people of North Carolina in securing
them in the enjoyment of a republican form of gov-
ernment."
Here he admits that the war, by its revolu-
tionary progress, had deprived North Caro-
lina of all civil government; and, of course,
all the other States in rebellion occupied the
same position ; in fact, the same proclamation
was used in relation to all the other States in
question. This is the true theory and the only
one that can stand any test whatever. He also
says what is true, that the Constitution declares
that the United States shall guaranty to every
State in the Union a republican form of gov-
ernment. It became at once the duty of some-
body or some power to execute this guarantee.
No republican government existed in ten States
lately in rebellion, in fact no civil government
existed at all in them. Nothing but the wrecks
of rebel organizations and a treasonable con-
federacy lie scattered all over those once beau-
tiful States when in accord and harmony with
the Constitution and Government. They were
States not out of the Union, but States in the
Union with loyal civil governments overthrown
and destroyed, lying in their prostration help-
less and unable to restore to themselves their
former position. They were States in the Union
with rights that pertain to loyalty, forfeited by
their acts of war, and hence of treason, and
as unable to relieve themselves of the disabil-
ities they had incurred by such acts, or to take
upon themselves full powers and rights as
before possessed, as a Territory would be to
take upon itself the full powers of a State in
the Union without the action and consent of
the Government as provided by the Constitu-
tion and the laws.
Upon this doctrine the President and Con-
gress both stood at the close of the war, and
while he has departed from it the party hold-
ing the power here has carefully and faithfully
adhered to it.
In the meaning of the Constitution who is
the United States? Certainly not the Presi-
dent, not Congress, and neither is the Supreme
Court. All together constitute the United
States, and back and above all are the people,
who make and unmake all these branches of
Government at their will, and change_ their
Constitution and laws at their pleasure in the
way and manner prescribed. The war being
over, the first duty was upon the President in
the absence of the people or their Representa-
tives. It was his duty to govern these States
and protect the people thereof with the means
provided by the Constitution until the people
of the United States could be heard in their
own behalf, and by and through the authority
of their laws begin the work of reconstruction,
and initiate the execution of the guarantees of
the Constitution. The President can only act
in pursuance of law, aud the Constitution
makes him the officer to execute the laws when
made, giving him 110 voice in the making of
them, only to approve or disapprove them as he
may deem to be his duty, whose disapproval
even proves of no effect when overruled by
the Congress according to the Constitution.
Tho court cannot make a law, and can have
no part in the work of restoring these revolted
States, only as it is called upon to decide
cases that arise under the operation of the laws
already made by tho people's constituted au-
thority as I have stated. How clear, then, it is
that the first step in the work of restoring these
States to full relationship with the Govern-
ment, and, in fact, the greater part of this work,
is for Congress to do, as representing the peo-
ple, the source of all power and who are event-
ually to decide upon all the questions involved.
This work of reconstruction is purely a polit-
ical one, and belongs more exclusively to Con-
gress than to any other branch of the Govern-
ment. It cannot in the very nature of the case
be an executive work or a judicial one. The
President cannot without law or authority from
Congress restore to or build up a State govern-
ment in a State where all civil government has
been overthrown by war, as he says was the
case in these rebellious States, any more than
he can build up a State government in a Terri-
tory and demand that it be recognized by the
Congress as a legitimate and legal State gov-
ernment. And still he proceeded to build up
governments in those States, beginning with
the State of North Carolina, without any law
or authority from Congress, and with no power
in the Constitution whatever to sanction such
a course.
The eighteenth clause of section eight of the
first article of the Constitution of the tj nited
States declares that—
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying mtt>
execution tho foregoing powers and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States or any department or officer
thereof."
The power and duty of the guarantee to which
I have referred is in the Constitution, and in
this clause it is declared that the power to make
all laws necessary and proper for carrying into
execution this guarantee, as well as other duties
and powers vested in the Government of the
United States, shall be and reside with Con-
gress and nowhere else. After declaring it to
be the duty of the United States to guaranty
to every State a republican form of govern-
ment, the Constitution says that Congress shall
see to it in so many words that laws are made
to carry out this obligation imposed upon the
United States. It is for Congress to say what
laws are necessary and proper to execute this
guarantee and for no one else, only as the
President takes his share in the work of mak-
ing such laws as Congress may think proper,
which agency we do not deny, but recognize.
That this whole subject belongs to Congress
more especially than to any other branch of
the Government the Supreme Court also has
decided. In the celebrated Rhode Island case
so often referred to, of Luther against Borden,
the court speaks as follows :
"The fourth section of the fourth article of tho
Constitution provides that the United States shall
guaranty to every State in the Union a republican
form of government, and shall protect each of them
against invasion, and on the application of the Legis-
lature (or the Executive when the Legislature can-
not be convened) against domestic violence.
"Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished one in a State; for, as tho United States guar-
anties to each State a republican form of govern-
ment, Congress must necessarily decide what gov-
ernment is established in a State before it can
determine whether it is republican or not. And
when the Senators and Representatives of a State
are admitted into the councils of the Union, the
authority of the government under which they are
appointed, as well as its republican character, is
recognizcd by tho proper constitutional authority.
And its decision is binding on every department of
the Government, and not to be questioned in a judi-
cial tribunal. The right to decide is placed there
and not in the courts." * * * * *
"No one, we believe, has ever doubted the prop-
osition that, according to the institutions of this
country, the sovereignty in every State resides in the
people of the State; and that they may alter or
change theirform of government at their own pleas-
ure. But whether they have changed it or not by
abolishing an old government and establishing a
new one in its place, is a question to be settled by
the political power, andwhen that power hasdeeided
the courts are bound to take notice of that decision
and to follow it."
I quote this decision of the Supreme Court
here merely to show what the position of the
court is on the question before us, to wit:
that it belongs to Congress to decide upon the
status of a State, not only to decide upon the
qualifications of its representatives to this
body, but to decide whether there is a State
organization legally entitled to any representa-
tion at all, clearly giving, as we have before
claimed, under the Constitution to Congress
the control of this whole question. The court
says correctly that all such questions are polit-
ical in their nature, and are to be settled by the
political power of the Government under the
forms prescribed by the Constitution, This
decision was given in connection with two
conflicting governments in Rhode Island ; but
if this be purely political and a work for legis-
lation wholly, how much more is it a work of
legislation and congressional action to restore
governments to States where they have been
overthrown, and thus execute the guarantees
of the Constitution. Whatever may have been
the ultimate purpose of the President and his
Cabinet, it is evident that it was at first intended
that all his work should be temporary and
subject to the action of Congress entirely and
completely. This was declared by Secretary
Seward in several of his dispatches to those
engaged in the work of restoring governments
under the policy of the President. I quote
his dispatch to Mr. Marvin, provisional gov-
ernor of Florida, as an example. After giving
him some instructions as to his -duty, he says
in conclusion :
"It must, however.be distinctly
the restoration to which your proclamation reiers
will be subject to the decision ot Congress.
As the Democratic party came to the more
full control of the President and his adminis-
tration, this policy was departed from, and the
