2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
nection, to condemn prompt and decided action
necessary to suppress frauds under the circum-
stances that I Lave detailed, when, if he had
been acquainted with all the circumstances of
the case, he himself would have gone further,
and had he the power, have ordered the vil-
lains to be shot.
Now, sir, it has been rather in order to at-
tack the head of the War Department. I have
rarely, I think 1 have never, spoken a word in
this body in his defease. It was my good for-,
tune, however, when I came liere first, to be
introduced favorably to that honorable gentle-
man; and it has also continued to be my good
fortune to have uninterrupted relations with
him to the present hour. I necessarily went
to his Department with much public business,
very often with business that 1 would like to
have had done and consummated according to
the requests made by constituents and friends
of mine. But, sir, from the day that I first
met him as a public officer to the present hour
he has constantly challenged my admiration
by the exact rectitude and impartiality of his
judgments in connection with the propositions
that I submitted to him. Nothing for favor,
nothing for partiality, nothing for friendship,
but everything for justice and for the country
and for a faithful administration of the law.
That, sir, is how I found that officer. And in
the very connection that the honorable Senator
asked for this information, while another man
in his place with less will, less natural probity,
and less courage would have paltered with the
thieves and the thieving would have gone on,
he reached out the strong hand of power and
crushed them and their schemes so soon as he
could possibly get information of them. Such,
sir, has been my experience and such is my
opinion of him.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN obtained the
floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
New Jersey will allow me to appeal to Sena-
tors on both sides of the Chamber to lot Mr.
Stanton alone, and go on with these rules.
Mr. CONNBSS. Well, Mr. President, I
felt that it was my duty, and due to the Secre-
tary of War to say what I have said.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator's speech
was very proper and very timely, and I listened
to it with pleasure ; but the Secretary of War
has been sufficiently vindicated, and 1 hope we
shall new go on with the consideration of these
rules.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have but a
word to say in reference to this rule ; nothing
in reference to Mr. Stanton. I think that this
is a very important rule; and that it is very
important that it should not be adopted. I
think that the rule would virtually stop all in-
quiry. If one offers a resolution for inquiry
oti any subject it is to be referred to a com-
mittee. That committee may not meet for a
week after the member makes the motion; and
then, after the information is obtained, it may
be another week before the report can be made ;
and thus ten days or a fortnight will elapse
necessarily, and the time and the occasion for
which the information is wanted will have
passed.
But the important objection to this rule is,
that it strikes at a most valuable principle. I
agree with the Senator from Maine that the
Departments of this country have generally
been managed with integrity and care ,* and I
believe that it is in some degree attributable
to the fact that they are always subjected to
this free inquiry on the part of Congress. And
if the expense "of this supervision and inquiry
is, as is said, $100,000 a year. I believe it se-
cures to this country incidents worth millions
a year, and I would not destroy it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had better abonsh
the taxes if we can get our money so easily. _
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. A principle is
worth more than money. You might better
abolish the tax bill than abolish the principle
which lies at the foundation of this Govern-
ment, namely, that the President and^ every
Department shall be subject to the inquiry and
free investigation by the representatives of the
people. The rnle proposed would destroy en-
tirely the principle that the people shall inves-
tigate all the departments of this Government,
because it would delay the investigation until
the occasion had passed, and would be subject
to the political opinions or biases of whatever
committee it was referred to, and be circum-
scribed and limited by the question at every
turn, "What will it cost?"
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is no doubt
that these rules must lead to an extended de-
bate ; and I move, therefore, that their further
consideration be postponed for the present, and
that the Senate take up the message from the
President which has just now been announced.
Mr. ANTHONY'. Tf we cannot come to a
vote on the rules, 1 have no objection to laying
them aside informally for the purpose of hav-
ing the veto message laid before the Senate.
But my opinion is that wo are ready to vote on
this proposition, and there is no other auestion
to be presented.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe there are other
amendments to be offered.
Mr. ANTHONY'. Let us take a vote on this
proposition at any rale. If there be further
debate 1 shall not object to the Senator's mo-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Very well; 1 withdraw
my motion for the present with a view to allow
the vote to be taken, if there is lo be no further
debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is to be further
debate, 1 shall not insist.
The PRESIDENT pro iempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to strike out the proposed fifty-fourth
rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PltESIDENT/ -o tempore. If no further
amendment be proposed, the rules will be re-
ported to the Senate. [A pause. ] The Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, has had
under consideration " standing rules for eon-
ducting business in the Senate of the United
States," as reported by the select committee
on that subject. These rules are still open to
amendment. If no amendment be proposed,
the question is on the adoption of the rules as
reported from the Senate acting as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The rules were adopted.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, five hun-
dred copies of the rules were ordered to be
printed.
ft— SUPREME COUJIT JURISDICTION VETO.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
veto message.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mes-
sage is on the table, and will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
I have considered, with such care as the
pressure of other duties has permitted, a bill
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to amend the judiciary act passed the 24th
of September, 1789.' " Not being able to ap-
prove all of its provisions, I herewith return it
to the Senate, in which House it originated,
with a brief statement of my objections.
The first section of the bill meets my appro-
bation, as, for the purpose of protecting the
lights of property from the erroneous decisions
of infetior judicial tribunals, it provides means
foi obtaining uniformity by appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the UnitedStatesin eases which
have noiv become very numerous and of much
public interest, and in which such remedy is
not now allowed. The second section, how-
ever, takes away the right of appeal to that
court in cases which involve the life and liberty
of the citizen, and leaves them exposed to the
judgment of numerous inferior tribunals. It
is apparent that the two sections were con-
ceived in a very different spirit, and 1 regret
that my objection to one imposes upon me the
necessity of withholding my sanction from the
other.
I cannot give my assent to a measure which
proposes to deprive any person •'restrained of
his or her liberty in violation of the Constitu-
tion, or of any treaty or law of the United
States," from the right of appeal to the highest
judicial authority known to our Government.
To "secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity" is one of the de-
clared objects of the I'ederal Constitution. 1 o
assure these guarantees are provided in the
same instrument, as well against "unreason-
able searches and seizures" as against the sus-
pension of the privilege of.the writ of habeas
corpus, unless when, in cases of "rebellion or
invasion, the public safety may require it."
It was, doubtless, to afford the people the
means of protecting and enforcing these in-
estimable privileges that the jurisdiction which
this bill proposes to take away was conferred
upon the Supreme Court of the Union. The
act conferring that jurisdiction was approved
on the 5th day of February, 18G7, with a full
knowledge of the motives that prompted its
passage, and because it was believed to be ne-
cessary and right. Nothing has since occurred
to disprove the wisdom and justness of the
measure; and to modify it as now proposed
would be to lessen the protection of the citi-
zen from the exercise of arbitrary power and
to weaken the safeguards of life and liberty,
which can never be made too secure against
illegal encroachments.
The bill not only prohibits the adjudication
by the Supreme Court of cases in which ap-
peals may hereafter be taken, but interdicts
its jurisdiction on appeals which have already
been made to that high judicial^ body. If,
therefore, it should become a law it will, by its
retroactive operation, wrest from the citizen a
remedy which he enjoyed at the tnne of his
appeal. It will thus operate most harshly
upon those who believe that justice has been
denied them in the inferior courts.
The legislation proposed in the second sec-
tion, it seems to me, is not in harmony with
the spirit and intention of the Constitution. It
cannot fail to affect most injuriously the just
equipoise of our system of Government; for it
establishes a precedent which, if followed, may
eventually sweep away every check on arbitrary
and unconstitutional legislation. Thus fardur-
ing the existence of the Government the Su-
preme Court of the United States has been
viewed by the people as the true expounder of
their Constitution, and in the most violent party
conflicts its judgments and decrees have always
been sought and deferred to with confidence
and respect. In public estimation itcombities
judicial wisdom and impartiality in a greater
degree than any other authority known to the
Constitution ; and any act which may be con-
strued into or mistaken for an attempt to pre-
vent or evade its decisions on a question which
affects the liberty of the citizens and agitates
the country cannot fail to be attended with un-
propitious consequences. It will be justly held
by a large portion of the people a^ an admis-
sion of the unconstitutionality of the act on
which its judgment may be forbidden or fore-
stalled, and may interfere with that willing
acquiescence in ils provisions which is neces-
sary for the harmonious and efficient execution
of any law.
For these reasons, thus briefly and imper-
fectly stated, and for others, of which want of
time forbids the enumeration, 1 deem it my
duty to withhold my assent from this bill, and
to return it for the reconsideration of Congress.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Wasiitxgtox, D. C., March 1808.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is. Shall the bill returned by the President
of the United States, with his objections, pass,
i the objections to the contrary notwithstanding.
\ Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President. I ask that the
j consideration of the message be set for to-
| morrow, at one o'clock. The Senate will re-
I collect, the circumstances under which this bill
I passed. There was 110 opportunity to debate
I it in the Senate. I waited here until nearly
J five o'clock that day, when the Senate we-nt
