36
SUPPLEMENT TO
act," bat by his -general power of suspension
and removal of an officer. If thePresidentdid
not suspend Stanton under the tenure-of-office
act, because lie deemed it unconstitutional and
void, then there was no law authorizing him to
appoint General Grant, and that appointment
was unauthorized by law and a violation of his
oath of office.
But the tenure-of-civil-office bill by its ex-
press terms forbids any employment, authoriz-
atiqn, or appointment of'any person in civil
ojfice where the appointment is by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, while the
Senate is in session. If this act is constitu-
tional, i. e., if it is not so far in conflict with
the paramount law of the land as to be inoper-
ative and void, then the removal of Mr. Stan-
ton and the appointment of General Thomas
are both^ in direct violation of it, and are de-
clared by it to be high misdemeanors.
The intent with which thePresident has done
this is not doubtful, nor are we obliged to rely
upon the principle of law that a man must be
held to intend the legal consequences of all his
acts.
The President admits that he intended to set
aside the tenure-of-office act, and thus contra-
vene the Constitution, if that law was uncon-
stitutional.
_ Having shown that the President willfully
violated an act of Congress, without justifica-
tion, both in the removal of Stanton and the
appointment of Thoma*, for- the purpose of
obtaining wrongfully the possession of the
War Office by force, if need be, and certainly
by threats and intimidations, for the purpose
of controlling its appropriations through its
ad interim chief, who shall say that Andrew
Johnson is not guilty of the high crime and
misdemeanors charged against him in the first
eight articles ? uf:
The respondent makeis answer to this
that the President, believing this civil tenure
law to be unconstitutional, had a right to vio-
late it, for the purpose of bringing the matter
before the Supreme Court for its adjudication.
We are obliged, in limine, to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to this consideration, that
they may take it with them as our case goes
forward.
We claim that the question of the constitu-
tionality of any law of Congress is, upon this
trial, a totally irrelevant one; because all the
power or. right in the President to judge upon
any supposed conflict of an act of Congress
with the paramount law of the Constitution is
exhausted when he has examined a bill sent
him and returned it with his objections. If
then passed over his veto it becomes as valid
as if in fact signed by him.
TbeConstitution hasprovided threemethods,
all equally potent, by which a bill brought into
either House may become a law :
1. By passage by vote of both Houses, in due
form, with the President's signature;
2. By passage by vote of both Houses, in due
form, and the President's neglect to return it
within ten days with his objections;
o. l!y passage by vote of both Houses, in due
form, a veto by the President, a reconsidera-
tion by both Houses, and a passage by two-
thirds votes.
The Constitution substitutes this reconsid
eration and passage as an equivalent to "the
President's signature. After that he and all
other officers must execute the law, whether in
fact constitutional or not.
For the President to refuse to execute a law
duly passed because he thought it unconstitu-
tional, after he had vetoed it for that reason,
would, in effect, be for hi in to execute bis veto
and leave the law unexecuted.
It may be said that lie may do this at his
peril. True; but that peril is to be impeached
tor violating his oath of officc, as is now being
done.
If. indeed, laws duly passed by Congress
affecting generally the welfare of any consid-
erable portion of the people had been com-
monly, or, as a usage declared by the Supreme
Court, unconstitutional, and therefore inopera-
tive, there might seem tp be some palliation if ,
not justification to the Executive to refuse to
execute a law in order to have its constitution-
ality tested by the court.
It is possible to conceive of so flagrant a case
of unconstitutionality as to be such shadow of
justification to the Executive, provided one at
the same time conceives an equally flagrant
case of stupidity, ignorance, and imbecility, or
worse, in the Representatives of the people and
in the Senate of the United States; but both
conceptions are so rarely possible and absurd
as not to furnish a ground of governmental
action.
How stands the fact? Has the Supreme
Court so frequently declared the laws of Con-
gress in conflict with the Constitution as to
afford the President just ground for belief, or
hope even, that the court will do so in a given
instance? I think I may safely assert as a
legal fact that since the first decision of the
Supreme Court till the day of this arraignment
no law passed by Congress affecting the gen-
eral welfare has ever, by the judgment of that
court, been set aside or held for nought because
of unconstitutionality as the groundwork of its
decisions. x
In three cases only has the judgment of that
court been influenced by the supposed conflict
between the law and the Constitution, and they
were cases affecting the court itself and its own
duties, and where the law seemed to interfere
with its own prerogatives.
Touching privileges and prerogatives has
been the shipwreck of many a wholesome law.
It is the sore spot, the sensitive nerve of all
tribunals, parliamentary or judicial.
The first case questioning the validity of a
law of Congress is Haybum's, ('2 Dallas, 40!),)
where the court decided upon the unconstitu-
tionality of theactof March 21!, 1792, (Stafutes-
nt-Large, vol. 1, p. 2-14,) which conferred upon
the court the power to decide upon and grant
certificates of invalid pensions. The court
held that such power could not be conferred
upoiPthe court as an original jurisdiction, the
court receivingall its original jurisdiction from
the provisions of the Constitution. This de-
cision would be nearly unintelligible were it
not explained in a note to the case in United
States r,s\ Ferreira, (13 Howard, p. 52.) re-
porting United States vs. Todd, decided Feb-
ruary 17, 171)4.
We learn, however, from both cases the cause
of this unintelligibility of the decision in Hay-
burn's case. When the same question came
up at the circuit court in New York the judges
being of opinion that the law could not be
executed by them as judges, because it was
unconstitutional, yet determined to obey it
until the case cquld be adjudicated by the whole
court. They therefore, not to violate the law,
did execute it as commissioners until it was
repealed, which was done the next year.
The judges on the circuit in Pennsylvania
all united in a letter to the Executive, most
humbly apologizing, with great regret, that
their convictions of duty did not permit them
to execute the law according to its terms, and
took special care that this letter should accom-
pany their decision, so that they might not be
misunderstood.
Both examples it would have been well for
this respondent to have followed before he
undertook to set himself to violate an act of
Congress.
The next case where the court decided upon
any conflict between the Constitution and the
law is Gordon vs. United States, tried in April,
186-3, seventy-one years afterward, two justices
dissenting, without any opinion being delivered
by the court.
The court here dismissed an appeal from
the Court of Claims, alleging that, under the
Constitution, no appellate jurisdiction could be
exercised over the Court of Claims under an
act of Congress which gave revisory power to
the Secretary of the Treasury over a decision
of the Court of Claims. This decision is little
satisfactory, as it is wholly without argument
or authority cited.
The next case is fx parte Garland, (4 Wal-
lace, 333,) known as the Attorney's oath
case, where the court decided, that an attorney
was not an officer of the United States, and
therefore might practice before that court with-
out taking the test-oath. _ *
The reasoning of the court in that case
would throw doubt on the constitutionality of
the law. of Congress, but the decision of the
invalidity of the law was not necessary to the
decision of the ease, which did not command
a unanimity in the court, as it certainly did not
the assent of the bar.
Yet in this case it will be observed that the
court made a rule requiring the oath to be
administered to the attorneys in obedience of
the law until it came before them in a cause
duly brought up for decision. The Supreme
Court obeyed the law up^ to the time it was set
aside. - They did not violate it to make a test
case.
Here is another example to this respondent,
as to his duty in the case, which he will wish
he had followed, I may venture to say, when
he hears the judgment of the Senate upon the
impeachment now pending.
There are several other cases wherein the
validity of acts of Congress has been dis-
cussed before the Supreme Court, but none
where the decision has turned on that point.
In Marbury vs. Madison (1 Cranch, 137)
Chief Jus'tice Marshall dismissed the case for
want of jurisdiction, but took opportunity to
deliver a chiding opinion against the adminis-
tration of Jefferson before he did so.
In the Dred Scott case, so familiar to the
public, the court decided it had no jurisdic-
tion, but gave the Government and the people
a lecture upon their political duties.
In the case of Fisher vs. Blight (2 Cranch,
358) the constitutionality of a law was very
much discussed, but was held valid by the
decision of the court.
In United States vs. Coombs, (12 Peters,
72,) although the power to declare a law of
Congress in conflict with the Constitution was
claimed in the opinion of the court arguendo,
yet the law itself was sustained.
The case of Pollard vs. Hagan, (3 Howard,
212,) and the two cases, Goodtitle vs. Kibbe,
(9 Howard, 271,) Ilallett vs. Beebe, (13 How-
ard, 25,) growing out of the same controversy,
have been thought to impugn the validity of
two private acts of Congress; but a careful
examination will show that it was the opera-
tion and not the validity of the acts which
came in question and made the basis of the
decision.
Thus it will be seen that the Supreme Court,
in three instances only, have apparently, by
its decision, impugned the validity of an act
of Congress becauso of a conflict with the Con-
stitution, and in each case a question of the
rights and prerogatives of the court or its offi-
cers has been in controversy.
The eases where the constitutionality of an
act of Congress has been doubted in the obiter
dicta of the court, but were not the basis of
decision, are open to other criticisms.
In Marbury vs. Madison Chief J ustice Mar-
shall Jiad just been serving as Secretary of
State in an opposing Administration to the one
whose acts he was trying to overturn as Chief
Justice.
In the Dred Scott case Chief Justice Taney
—selected by General Jackson to remove the
deposits because his bitter partisanship would
carry him through where Duane halted and
was removed—delivered the opinion of the
court, whose obiter dicta fanned the flame of
dissension which led to the civil war through
which die people have just passed, and against
that opinion the judgment of the country has
long been recorded.
When ex parte Garland was decided the coun-
try was justemeiging from a conflict of arms the
passions and excitement of which had found
i their way upon the bench, and some of the
