3118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. DAVIS. I merely made the suggestion
to the courtesy of the honorable Senator from
Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not a
motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think this bill ought
to be recommitted, and if legislation be neces-
sary at all it ought to be upon a fair principle.
It ought not to be in regard to the mayor one
way and in regard to the board of councilmen
another way. Everybody will see at once that
it is not right to say that in regard to the mayor
a prima facie case shall stand and in regard
to the aldermen a prima facie case shall not
stand.
_ Mr. President, in regard to the recent elec-
tion in this city, which, of course, everybody
knows is the subject of this legislation, although
in language it is general, the prima facie case
was with the mayor voted for by the Repub-
lican or Radical party, but the prima facie
case was with the majority of the board of
aldermen and board of councilmen voted for
by the Democrats and Conservatives of the
city. This bill proposes, by a new and ingenious
device, that a prima facie case shall be estab-
lished in favor of the mayor, who shall be put
into office and hold his office unless ques-
tioned ; but in regard to the members of the
boards who have the prima facie case that
shallnot be the rule. If any Senator can say
that is right, he has a different view of what is
right from mine.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will per-
mit me, I think he in error in his statement
of the fact. The same rule is applied to both.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir. The first
section of this bill provides that the certificate
of the register shall be conclusive, and then
the amendment that is proposed by the com-
mittee is to add:
And when the legal organization of the board
of aldermen or board of common council shall be
delayed on account, of any contest in relation to the
election of any member of either of said boards, the
mayor of said city is hereby authorized to make
temporary appointments of all subordinate ofiicors
whose appoint mentor election is authorized by the
said mayor and members of said boards under exist-
ing 1 aws. to continue until aaid boards shall be legally
organized.
Now, the certificate or declaration or finding
of the commissioners of election made at the
time the law required it to be made, elected
Mr. Bowen as mayor of this city, as I under-
stand the facts. The same certificate or find-
ing and declaration by the boards of election
under existing laws elected the Democratic or
Conservative members of the two boards in a
majority of the cases, especially in the case of
the majority in the common council. The
result was declared, and the vote showed a
majority for the Conservatives in the third,
fourth, fifth, and sixth wards, and for the Rad-
cals in the first, second, and third; so that a
majority of the Conservatives or Democrats
had the prima facie case. I understand 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to arrest the business of
the morning hour at this time and notify the
Senate that the unfinished business of yester-
day is before the Senate for consideration.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to postpone the
consideration of the regular order for the pur-
pose of continuing the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not yield for the
purpose of that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The business
of the morning hour must be arrested at this
time, and the Senator from Indiana is speaking
on the business of the morning hour. Another
measure becomes the order of the day at this
hour without any motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the order of
the day?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is that ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The banking
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I make the motion to post-
pone.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa takes the floor upon the bill that is
before the Senate, and moves its present post-
ponement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that will not be
done, unless it can be laid aside informally.
If the Senator can get a vote in a few minutes
on his bill I shall not object.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
regular order being passed over informally
until this bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business can be laid aside if there bo no
objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That will be objected
to. I think this bill ought to lie over anyhow,
until we can have an opportunity to examine
it. The printed bill has just been laid on our
tables.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana objects, and it can only be done
on^i vote. The Senator from Iowa moves that
the further consideration of the bill which is
now regularly before the Senate be postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly will not agree
to that; but the Senate can do as they please
about it. I do not think that a bill of this
kind, called up suddenly, for a special purpose,
a local purpose, reported only yesterday, ought
to displace important public legislation. I do
not believe there is any such necessity for
hasty action upon a mere matter of local legis-
lation. Indeed I hope the Committee on the
District of Columbia will cut this Gordian knot
of local authority, and give us a good city gov-
ernment which will control the city and protect
property. They can do that, and we can pass
a bill of that sort in less time than it will take'
to pass this bill. Give us a set of good com-
missioners to manage the affairs of this city,
and you will have no more riots or scenes of
violence here. *
Mr. HARLAN. That is precisely what the
committee propose to do by the passage of this
bill, to harmonize these conflicts and give the
city a good government, a good mayor, and a
good board of aldermen and common council.
It is the very thing we propose to do by the
passage of this bill. The Senator is in error
in saying that this is a bill sprung upon the
Seriate. The bill was introduced a few days ago,
referred to the committee, and printed ; it was
reported back yesterday and laid on the table
of every Senator. Personally I care nothing
about the passage of the bill. If disorder
should arise I can take my chances, I suppose,
with the rest in any mob that may take control
of the city. But 1 regard it as my duty as the
organ of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, to whom this bill was referred by
Gie Senate, to call the attention of the Senate
to the necessity of immediate action on it. I
am not sure that it would be in order now to
state more at length the reasons for continu-
ing the consideration of this bill. I hope,
however, the Senate will take the view of it
I have presented.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pon-
eroy in the chair.) The question is on post-
poning the special order.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand it so. I am
in favor of proceeding with the bill of the
Senator from Ohio, if we can ; but 1 find myself
confronted now with a practical question with
reference to the District of Columbia, where
we have exclusive jurisdiction. It belongs to
us to settle the question. The Senator from
Ohio has used a strong expression: he says
that he hopes we shall now cut the Gordian
knot. Very well; this bill is certainly one step
in that direction, if it does not accomplish it,
and I believe that for the moment it is the best
and most efficient step. I hope, therefore,
that the Senate will proceed with this bill
which affects the District of Columbia, and
finish it to-day. We ought not to take up any
other business until this bill is acted on. We
must give tranquility and peace to the city
government of the District, where we have
exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This bill attracted no
attention here until it was reported yesterday.
The amendment is printed this morning, and
for the first time comes upon our tables. There
has been no opportunity for this side of the
Senate to consider it. I believe we have no
representative upon the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The political character of
the legislation in regard to the District is known
very well to the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state that the honorable Senator
from Tennessee who sits furthest from me is a
member of the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I withdraw what
I said.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure but that he
regards himself as a Republican or Radical,
but I have drawn a different inference. The
Senator from Indiana perhaps knows better
than I do on that subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know that he
was on the committee. I thought it was a clean,
pure thing. I withdraw what I said on that
subject.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Do I
understand the Senator from Iowa as referring
to me ?
Mr. HARLAN. I remarked that the Sena-
tor from Tennessee was a member of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. That is
true; but I understood the Senator to say in
addition that I was a Radical. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator misunderstood
me. I said that I had supposed that he was
not acting with the Republican or Radical
party, but that the Senator from Indiana might
know better than I did, as he sat nearer the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. I beg
the Senator's pardon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ This bill has just come
before us in the shape in which we now find it,
and I think that -we may ascertain the facts
which are intended to be met by this legislation
more satisfactorily. It is due to us that it
should be postponed until Monday; but if it
must be considered now, of course we shall do
the best we can. The Gordian knot spoken of
by the Senator from Massachusetts can easily
enough be cut. If it is intended to do right
by this bill, it is a very plain thing what is
right. It is right that the men who have a
prima facie case under the existing law should
hold the office until the prima facie case is set
aside on legal investigation and adjudication;
and it is not right, whether done in Congress
or in a State Legislature, or elsewhere, that
you change the evidence establishing the right
of a man to an office after his election, and
arbitrarily declare that that shall be conclusive
upon him. That is right nowhere- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it his duty to remind the Senator that
the bill before the Senate is not the bill on
which he is speaking. The banking bill is
before the Senate, and the question is on
postponing that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that.
Mr. JSHEliMAN. If my friend from Indi-
ana will allow me, I will move to amend the
proposition of the Senator from Iowa. As I
see it is manifest the Senate are disposed to
finish this bill, I will move that the banking
bill be postponed until Monday at one o'clock,
and made the special order for that hour.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not yield for that
purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I give notice that I
shall make that motion as soon as I get the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question now is
whether the special order shall be postponed
for the purpose of considering the bill in rela-
tion to contested elections in the city of Wash-
ington.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On that ques-
tion the Senator from Indiana is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that question I was
