1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
into execSl|ive session/' I had given a general
attention t<AJl the bills having reference to the
Supreme Coinjfc whwui were pending in the two
Houses ; and my desire, as one member
of the Senate, tcf express my opposition to the
measure contained in the House amendment to
this bill as it originally passed. While the Senate
was in executive session,! think, information of
the adoption of the House amendment to this
bill was communicated to the Senate. The
Senate came out of executive session into open
session, and then the bill was taken up after
most of the Senatorsor alargenumberofthem
at least had left, not suspecting that any busi-
ness of that importance would be taken up at
so late an hour in the evening.
In view of these circumstances, I hope that
the honorable Senator from Oregon will con-
sent that this matter be made the special order
for to-morrow at one o'clock, with a view to
give Senators who are opposed to the measure
some opportunity of investigating it. I have
had no such opportunity myself. I have had
no information, and no belief until this morn-
ing that there would be a veto message of the
bill; and therefore I have made no particular
research, and have not indulged in such par-
ticular reflection as would justify me in claim-
ing the attention of the Senate upon it at this
time. I should like to have an opportunity to
be heard upon the measure. It is one of great
importance, and I think it deserves mature
consideration.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President 
•The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves that the further
consideration of the bill and message be post-
poned unlil to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. BUCKALEW. If there is 110 opposi-
tion to that motion I do not care to speak at
this time.
Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. STEWART. There
is opposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone.
The question being put, it was declared t-o
be carried in the negative; and a division was
called for.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, before
the division is had, I wish to say one word.
The question is on the proposition to postpone
the consideration of this measure until to-mor-
row. I wish merely to say that I hope that
will be done. As one member of the Senate,
I have, in one way or other, not been able to
examine this bill as thoroughly as I would de-
sire. All Senators will concede that it is an
important measure; and it is known, as has
been suggested by the Senator from Kentucky,
that the bill itself passed the Senate under
rather unusual circumstances, under such cir-
cumstances that our attention was not called
to it. It excited 110 debate on its passage ; and
now the granting of one day to look into it is
certainly not hazardous to the public interests.
Perhaps it may be proper for me to suggest
that it is understood that the Supreme Court
of the United States has declined to take any
action upon any case that is now before it under
the act proposed to be repealed until the will
of Congress upon this particular bill shall
finally be known. If that be so, and I suppose
there is no doubt about it, there is no occasion
to hurry the consideration of the bill; and it
leaves just one single question for the Senate
to consider upon this particular application ;
and that is, whether there shall be such time
given to Senators to examine the measure as
is ordinarily allowed on important questions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suppose the Senators
are aware that there is very little time in which
to consider matters of legislation before the
impeachment trial commences. Although
there is nothing, as it seems to me, involved
in this bill except simply repealing an act that
was passed last year affecting the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court—a matter
which is clearly within the rightful power of
Congress—yet H is of such a nature as to open
a wido and boundless field of discussion if
Senators are disposed to occupy that field. I
am not, of course, disposed to press this mat-
ter unreasonably; and I will now propose that
if a vote can be taken to-morrow upon the ques-
tion 
Mr. JOHNSON. Or the next day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No; I say to-morrow.
If we can have any assurance that the vote
can be taken to-morrow I do not know that I
shall have any objection to its going over.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Say the day after to-
morrow. I wish to be heard very briefly.
There is no purpose of delay.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sure that the honor-
able member from Oregon has no desire to
force this bill through to-day, if he is satisfied
that the public interest does not require it, and
if he is further satisfied that those who think
the bill ought not to pass sincerely desire an
opportunity of investigating it, and I presume
he is satisfied upon both points. I speak know-
ingly when I say—and I do not regret, for one,
that the Supreme Court have come to that de-
termination—that as long as this bill is pend-
ing it in not their purpose to dispose of a case
which has already been argued, and which is
before ihe court under the authority of the act
which the bill upon your table proposes to
repeal. It has, I know, been urged upon them
that they should disregard the pendency of this
measure and proceed to announce whatever de-
cision they may have formed, if they have formed
any, upon the case which is before them; but
they have determined, as they have done upon
former occasions, not to pursue such a course.
I recollect, certainly, a case of that descrip-
tion, and the honorable member from Nevada
[Mr. Stewakt] will, when I remind him of it,
agree, I think, that my recollection of it is
accurate.
During the pendency of the territorial gov-
ernment of Nevada cases were decided in the
superior court of the Territory, and brought
up, as they could be by the law at that time, to
the Supreme Court of the United States.
While they were pending in that court the
Territory became a State, and was admitted
into the Union as a State. The law admitting
it as a State did not provide for the continu-
ance of the cases that were before the Supreme
Court of the United States upon writs of error
prosecuted to the territorial court or appeals
from that court. There were one or two cases
of very great importance. I think the honor-
able member from Nevada was counsel in one
of those cases, and he or his associate counsel
made a motion in the Supreme Court to dis-
miss the cases then pending upon writ of error
to the territorial court, upon the ground that
there was then no Territory of Nevada, and
that the law under which the State had been
admitted into theUniondid not provide for the
continuance of those cases. It was very evi-
dent, as I thought at the time—I was not
counsel on either side—that the dismissal must
have been ordered, and I have 110 doubt they
would have been dismissed if the decision were
then pronounced. They involved a large
amount, of property, as 1 understood; and ap-
plication was madeto Congress, or action was
proposed without any application by soma
member of this body, and, perhaps, bymyself, to
cure what we supposed would be the injustice
of dismissing the cases under the circumstances
by passing a law giving the court jurisdiction
to decide upon them. The measure was pend-
ing here for some time.
I think the honorable member from Nevada
opposed it upon constitutional grounds. I
endeavored to satisfy the Senate, and, as the
result proved, the Senate was satisfied, either
because of what I said or of what others said,
that it had authority to pass such a law, and
the law was passed. The court during the
whole of that period were ready to deliver an
opinion sustaining the motion to dismiss, but
they held up that decision until Congress
should have an opportunity of deciding whether
jurisdiction should continue or not. The hon-
orable member from Nevada, in the Supreme
Court, either by himself or his associates,
argued against the constitutionality of that
legislation, but the court sustained it, and the
motion to dismiss was overruled, and the cases
went on to be heard upon their merits. How
they were decided I do not recollect.
Now, if the court thought, as, in my judg-
ment, they very properly thought, that it was
then- business to await the determination of a
measure of that kind then pending in Con-
gress, it was equally their duty—and I am glad
that they so considered it—to forbear deciding
the case now before them under the provisions
of the act of 1867 when they knew that there
was pending before Congress, in point of fact,
a law passed by Congress repealing the act
under which the case came before the Supreme
Court, and they have withheld their decision.
That being so, there can be no necessity what-
ever for hastening the determination of Con-
gress upon the particular measure now before
us. No possible mischief can result from post-
ponement.
Then, if the sincerity of those who are op-
posed to the particular measure was not (as I
am sure it will be) admitted, the next objec-
tion would be that the debate would be unne-
cessarily prolonged. I am satisfied that such
will not'be the case ; and, speaking for myself,
I know that if I take any part in the debute it
will not be to consume time. I am satisfied
that no member of the Senate who thinks that
the act ought not to be passed will address the
Senate merely for the purpose of delay and to
prevent the majority, if there should be a ma-
jority for the measure, from expressing their
opinion in a reasonable time.
I submit, therefore, to the honorable mem-
ber from Oregon, that we may come to an un-
derstanding that the vote upon this measure
shall be taken on the day after to-morrow. We
do not meet until twelve o'clock, and the hour
until one is, or ought to be, occupied with the
usual business of the morning hour : and then
there may be other business pending during a
portion of the day, so that the arrangement I
propose will afford a very short time to enable
Senators who desire to participate in the dis-
cussion to take part in it. I feel some desire
to do so myself, but I am not now prepared to
do so in a way in which I should like to appear
before the Senate 111 discussing a measure of
this kind, if 1 discuss it at all. I hope, there-
fore, that the proposition will be acceded to—
that the measure shall be passed over until to-
morrow, with the understanding that the day
after to-morrow it shall be decided.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, when
this bill came back from the House of Repre-
sentatives with the second section as an amend-
ment, it has already been stated that the Senate
had arrived about at the hour of its adjourn-
ment; it was near five o'clock; a number of
Senators had left, and those who remained
were fatigued and anxious to adjourn. It was
under these circumstances that, upon the read-
ing of this amendment, I called attention to its
character and submitted a motion to postpone
the question until the following day. Very
much to my surprise, sir, that motion was re-
jected ; postponement was_refused, and the
amendment was presently put to a vote. I
asked for an explanation of it from the honor-
able Senator who had the bill in charge. He
made none, except simply to state that it was
an amendment repealing the act of 1807 and
restoring or leaving the law to stand on the act
of 1789. I asked for time, that the law which it
was proposed to repeal might be read. That
opportunity or that time was not afforded me.
All that I understood about the amendment
was that it was one to repeal the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court, so far as appeals from
the circuit courts were concerned in cases
affecting personal liberty. The effect of the
amendment upon the great case pending in the
Supremo Court I did not fully understand,
although I supposed it had application to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will the Senator permit
me to sav a word ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This discussion has sprung
up on a proposition, as I understand, as to when
