1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8119
responding to the remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts. It is probable that I am not
in order, and that he was. My remarks were
addressed directly to his suggestion that the
Gordian knot should be cut. Whether the
Gordian knol, as presented by the Senator
from Massachusetts, is in order for discussion
or not should have been decided by the Chair
when the Gordian knot was first presented to
the Senate. Now I will stop for the decision
of the Chair whether it is proper for us to con-
sider the Gordian knot presented by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President  
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not yielded the
floor. I am waiting until the Chair decides
the question of order. The Chair has called
me to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
only reminded the Senator of the question
before the Senate. It may be that he is in
order in replying to any remarks made by ^ie
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That depends alto-
gether upon whether the remarks were in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under our
rules a large latitude of debate is allowed ; and
a Senator may reply to any remarks made by
another, although not strictly in order on the
subject before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very much obliged
to the Chair for permitting me, then, without
deciding the point of order, to respond to the
question raised by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I am aware of the condition of affairs
in this city, but the particular facts I do not
profess to understand, perhaps, as well as
the Senator from Massachusetts. I have not
troubled myself to read even the newspaper
statements of them, except so -far as I have
observed them within a'few minutes in a paper
of yesterday.
Under existing law, the election boards at
the close of the election, as I understand, count
the votes; they declare the result at each elec-
tion precinct; they report that result to the
register; they report it also to each of the
boards of aldermen and common council. The
register, under existing law, merely receives
that report. He is not a judicial officer to re-
vise that report. He has no power to purge it
or to purge the polls. He is to receive the re-
ports of the boards of election as the two city
boards receive the reports of the boards of
election. So that under existing law the evi-
dence of a man's right to his office depends
upon the returns made by the boards of elec-
tion. Those returns make the election of Mr.
Bowen as mayor. Those returns as first made
elected the Conservative candidates for the
board of alderman and board of common
council in four of the seven wards. Now, what
does the bill propose ? This bill proposes to
refer this question to the register. If he has
given or shall give a certificate that Mr. Bowen
is elected mayor that shall be the evidence.
The law governing the election at the time it
took place made the report of the boards of
election the authority to decide that question.
This bill proposes that the certificate of the
register shall decide who are elected to the
boards in the city, while the law which cdvered
the election, and made the prima facie case
under law, made the report of the election
boards the evidence. Now, sir, why not apply
the plain principle that where, according to
those reports, a prima facie case is made, that
prima facie case shall stand, and the man hav-
ing that prima facie case shall go into office
and hold office until that prima facie case is
overcome by a legal investigation? Is not
that right? Who wants it otherwise?
In one of the wards, as I understand the fact
to be, the election board declared the result,
and made a return in favor of the Conservative
candidates, and afterward they revised that, and
made another certificate, for a portion of it at
least, and excluded the votes of some soldiers,
and then declared a different result m that
ward. When that election board had counted
the votes, declared and made their return as
required by law, they had no further power
over it. They had no judicial functionsauthor-
izing them to revise the election and to say that
certain votes ought to be excluded. After
they had made their returns, when the returns
required by the law had been made, they could
not be disturbed except upon a judicial investi-
gation.
Now, sir, what I propose is, that this bill
shall be returned to the committee, and that
they shall report a bill upon the proposition
that the prima facie cas<5 shall stand until that
prima facie case is set aside upon an inquiry
in the courts. That is the law everywhere.
What would be thought in one of the States
where an election takes place and the certifi-
cate of the officers provided by law is made
which entitles the party to his office, if after-
ward the Legislature should provide that
another and different officer might issue a cer-
tificate and that should make the case? No
community would endure that. It would be so
palDably wrong that it would not be endured.
Then, sir, it is plain that the prima facie
case ought to stand until reversed, and I think
the quiet of the city requires it. If illegal votes
have been cast, that ought to be decided, not
by the register of this city, because he has no
means of making the proper investigation, but
by the proper court. Whether the courts of
this city are clothed with sufficient authority to
try a question of this sort I do not know. If
they are not, I would very cheerfully concur
in proper legislation to give them the juris-
diction. I have no objection to that. Let this
question be investigated in the courts; but
until that investigation shall take place let the
plain, square, and honest rule stand that the
men who have the evidence of election as pro-
vided by law at the time the election took place
take their offices and discharge the duties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on postponing the order of the day
in order to continue the consideration of the
bill which has been under consideration in the
morning hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When we
adjourned last evening the banking bill was
under discussion ; and I presume it will meet
the views of the Senate that that measure shall
be postponed until Monday, and be made the
special order for that day. I submit that
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we need
postpone it until Monday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
to-day will be consumed.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not at all certain that
we shall need the whole day for this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are
other measures.
Mr. POMEROY. If any other bill should
be taken up to-day and left as the unfinished
business, it would take precedence of the
special order on Monday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make this
motion in accordance with a request of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, who
has made inquiry about the business of the day.
He thinks it is against the general wish of the
Senate to take up the banking bill to-day. As
that bill is now in order, and may be called for
by the chairman, I suppose there will be 110
objection to the motion I suggest.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to making it a
special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont, to postpone Senate bill No. 440 until
Monday at one o'clock, and make it the special
order for that day. This motion requires a
two-thirds vote.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 24, noes 8.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiBBSoy, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate without amendment: -
A bill (S. No. 322) granting a pension to
Sherman H. Cowles;
A bill (S. No. 323) granting a pension to
Michael Kelley;
A bill (S. No. 344) granting a pension to
Caroline and Margaret, Swartwo'ut;
A bill (S. No. 420) granting a pension to
James A. Guthrie;
A bill (S. No. 421) granting a pension to
Caroline E. Thomas ; and
A bill (S. No. 424) granting a pension to
Bartlett and Carrie Edwards, children of Da-
vid W. Edwards, deceased.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 184) granting a
pension to Mrs. Ann Corcoran ; and the bill
(8. No. 425) granting a pension to George
Bennett, with amendments, in which the coa-
currence of the Senate was requested.
PENSION BILLS.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested ;
and they were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions :
A bill (H. R. No. 945) to place the name of
Ellen Curry, widow of James Curry, deceased,
a private soldier in company F, thirty-ninth
regiment Illinois volunteers, upon the pension-
roll of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 1220) granting a pension
to Kate Higgins;
A bill (II. R. No. 1221) granting a pension
to Sarah J. Rogers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1222) granting a pension
to Catharine Ginsler;
A bill (H. R. No. 1223) granting a pension
to Margaret Filson ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1224) granting a pension
to Jane E. Rogers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1225) granting a pension
to Patrick Collins;
A bill (H. R. No. 122G) granting a pension
to Barbara Weisse;
A bill (II. R. No. 1227) granting a pension
to Martha Ann Wallace;
A bill (H. 11. No. 1228) granting a pension
to Joanna L. Shaw ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1229) granting a pension
to Anna H. Pratt;
A bill (H. R. No. 1230) granting a pension
to Hannah K. Cook;
A bill (H. R. No. 1231) granting a pension
to John Morley;
A bill (H. R. No. 1232) granting a pension
to Ruth Barton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1233) granting a pension
to William F. Moses ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1234) granting a pension
to Frederica Brielmayer;
A bill (II. R. No. 1235) granting a pension
to Johaunah Connelly;
A bill (H. R. No. 1236) granting a pension
to the minor children of Michael Travis ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1237) granting a pension to
the widow and minor children of James Cox;
A bill (H. R. No. 1238) granting a pension
to Lavinia A. Gittings, mother of Andrew J.
Gittings;
A bill (H. R. No. 1239) granting a pension
to Owen Griffin;
A bill (H. R. No. 1240) granting a pension
to Margaret, Lewis;
A bill (II. R. No. 1241) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Brown ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1242) granting a pension
to Esther Fisk ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1243) granting a pension
to William 0. Dodge;
A bill (H. R. No. 1244) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Solomon
Gr3fUS6 *
A bill (H. R. No. 1245) granting a pension
to Matthew C. Griswold ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1246) granting a pension
to the widow and minor children of Hiram
Hitchcock;
A bill (H. R. No. 1247) granting a pension
to Orlena Walters;
A bill (H. R. No. 1248) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Richardson;
