1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 846) to set apart a territory for the
Indians now inhabiting the State of Nevada
and the Territories of Utah, Colorado, New
Mexico, and Arizona j which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY* asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 104) relating to the ocean
mail steamship service between the United
States and China, authorized by act of Con-
gress, approved February 17, 1805 ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) authorizing the
Secretary of War to cause surplus or con-
demned property to be issued to the Indians;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
LAND OFFICE ItEPOIlT.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the letter of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
communicating letters and statements relative
to the distribution of the report of that officer
in Europe, have instructed me to report some
resolutions. The Committee on Public Lands
are of opinion that the proposed publication
will be exceedingly useful and desirable. As,
however, the question involved is one of print-
ing, we propose to refer the matter to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The following resolutions were referred to
the Committee on Printing, and were ordered to
be printed:
Revolved, That there shall be printed for the u?e of
the Senate live thousand copies of the report ot the
Commissions ot the Geucr.it Land Ofiieo lor 1867,
with the accompanying niai-s awl sketches, and two
thousand copies oi ttie- same report and maps and
sketches foi distribution by the Commissioner of tiio
General Land Oiticc.
UesolvedJ^h.xt an abridgment shall he prepared by
the Commissioner of all matters therein most essen-
tial to impart such general information 1 expecting
our public lands as may best stimulate immigration ;
and ot aaidubndguient thcie.shail be printed twenty-
six thousand copies, namely, live thousand m Eng-
lish, and a iike number in Fiench, in German, in
Butch, in Swedish, and one thousand in Spanish,
each to beaecompamed by the connected maps of the
United States and by the map oi the world on Mer-
cator's projection, arid that tuc aforesaid twenty-six
thousand copies shall be placed atthe disposal of the
Secretary oi State for distribution m Europe through
our diplomatic agcnt.«> and Mich other persons as tile
Secretary may deem proper.
rights of colored persons ix cars.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a reso-
lution, on which I wibh the action of the Senate
now. It relates to an incident that occurred
only yesterday, and which, I think, requires the
action of one of the committees of this body:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the District of
Columbia be instructed to consider if any additional
legislation is needed in order to secure the rights of
colored persons in the railroad from Washington to
Alexandria.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution goes over under the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. I offered a resolution a few
days ago asking for information; I desire to
call it up.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand there is
objection to my resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
objection, and, of course, it goes over under
the rule-
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. I submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instiucted to inquire into the facts con-
nected with the forcible ejectment from the cars of
the Alexandria. "Washington, and Georgetown rail-
1 o ad of one of the employes of the Senate, on account
oi i.tce, on Satuiday, the 8th instant, with power to
send for i>er>ons and papers-, aud that said committee
be iuUhei instriu ted to inquire what legislation, if
an v. is necessary to protect the rights ot passengers
on haul road.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution.
Is there any objection ?
Mr. DAVIS. Is that the resolution offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir;
this was offered by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I objected to the reso-
lution of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is an-
other resolution : one offered by the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I object to this, then.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Itgoes over
under the rule.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I merely wish to say
that I shall have no objection to either being
taken up to-morrow.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (IT. R. No. 96) to authorize the
Southern Minnesota Railroad Company to con-
struct aud maintain a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river and establish a post route; and it
was signed by the President pro tempore.
vessels for war department.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by him on the 6th instant:
Resolved, That, in addition to the information
heretofore asked of the Secretary of War by resolu-
tion passed by the Senate, he also inform the Senate
the rate per eentum or other amount of compensation
paid to the agent or agents, brokers, or peisons, with
their names, employed by the War Department for
each and every vessel purchased, chartered, em-
ployed, or taken into the service of the War Depart-
ment,and ttie aggiegate amount which has been paid
to each and every agent, broker, or person for said
purchasing, chartering, hiring, or employingof such
vesocls fioxn the 4th March, 1801, to the present time,
the amount paid, and dates of each payment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not object to the
present consideration of the resolution; but I
should like to know if the Senator from Ken-
tucky has formed any estimate of the cost of
furnishing this information. We call upon a
Department for information sometimes that
will take the whole clerical force of the De-
partment for months: then it is sent here and
printed and never read. I do not object to the
resolution ; but I think when sueh a resolution
is introduced it is very proper that the Senator
who introduces it should charge himself with
that information, which, I dare say, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, that they may look into it and ascertain
how much it covers.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will say a word in explana-
tion of the resolution. Some two weeks since
a series of resolutions were passed asking for
information from the War Department in re-
lation to the purchase and hiring of vessels by
that Department. I suppose the proper offi-
cers are now engaged in piepaiing a reply to
that resolution. This simply asks, in addi-
tion, that the compensation allowed to each
and every person -employed in purchasing,
hiiing. or chartering these vessels shall be
stated. Of course the preparation of the in-
formation required to answer the first resolu-
tion will involve that, required to answer this ;
it will be no additional trouble.
'The I'RKSIDEN C pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
Mr. AN THONY. I do not think that is
necessary after the explanation of the Senator
from Kentucky. I do not see that it will re-
quire any more clerical labor to furnish this
information than that already called for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It appears to me that if
we have adopted any such resolution as is re-
ferred to by the Senator from Kentucky it
would be much wiser to rescind that than to pass
this. This resolution calls for a line of inform-
ation which goes back to the very beginning
of the war, and the operations under which
must have terminated three years ago. involving
a vast amount of labor an4 what else I do not
know. If we are to adopt this method of
reexamining everything that has been done m
all the Departments during the whole of this
time, years and years ago, we had better do it
on the report of a committee who can consider
what sort of information is to be obtained—
whether it is a species of information which the
public service will permit to be properly dis-
closed to the phblic, and what the expense and
trouble of getting it will be. Therefore I think
it entirely proper that this resolution should go
to the committee who have charge of these
subjects. They can report upon it in a day,
and determine whether it is right or not.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 hope the resolution will not
take the direction moved by the Senator from
Vermont. As I stated, the mass of this in-
formation was called for some two or three
weeks ago by a resolution passed by the Sen-
ate. The information sought by this resolu-
tion is simply incidental to the information
asked by the previous resolution. As I have
before stated, that asks for the name and the
cost of each vessel employed by the War De-
partment during the war, whether by purchase,
charter, or hiring; and this simply asks, in
connection with that information, that the
amount of compensation allowed to each per-
son employed for effecting the purchase, char-
ter, or hire of vessels be also given. It will
take very little time to furnish this informa-
tion. I am informed that the great amount
of information called for by the previous reso-
lution is ready, and it will be a very easy mat-
ter to collect the additional information re-
quired by this resolution and throw it all into
a small compass. 1 hope, therefore, that the
resolution will bo passed.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a very harmless
resolution, I take it, and may just as well be
adopted as not. The facts that will be devel-
oped by it will not be of the character antici-
pated by the Senator from Kentucky. The
facts are that all these charters were made by
quartermasters, and by nobody else, except in
the single instance of the Banks' expedition,
where the charters were made by Commodore
Vanderbilt, as he is called, in New York, and
who made no charge whatever for his services
to the Government. 1 happened on one occa-
sion to be on a committee with my friend from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] that had the subject of
Army transportation under consideration, and
I think I am justified in saying that there were
no go-betweens between the Government and
the parties who owned the vessels in any in-
stance except in that to which I have referred,
and that there were no commissions paid; but
the quartermasters were authorized under cer-
tain circumstances to charter vessels, and they
did, and the Government paid no compensa-
tion for effecting such charters; but it there
was any compensation paid to third parties it
was paid by those who owned the vessels in
order to secure charter parties, about which
we knew nothing and with which we had no
business.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, aud the unfinished busi-
ness of the last day's session now comes up.
That unfinished business is the hill (S. No. l'JUj
to further provide for giving effect to tiie vari-
ous grants of public lands m the State of Ne-
vada. although the understanding was, I believe,
that the Senator from Iowa [Mr. HarlaxJ
should have the floor on another bill at one
o'clock to-dav.
Mr. CONNESS. The understanding, of
course, is that the honorable Senator from
Iowa shall have the floor this morning. I
move, therefore, that the consideration ot the
pending measure be postponed until to-inor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the supple-
mentary reconstruction bilh
