1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4143
as fast as it gets its opportunity. See how they
make haste m the State of Ohio to repeal the
action of its Legislature adopting this amend-
ment as soon as they obtain control. The peo-
ple of Ohio are largely in favor of the adoption
of this amendment, and its Legislature, acting
in accordance with the sentiment of the State
a year ago, adopted it. By accident the Dem-
ocratic party recently coining into power, true
to their ancient devotion to the slaveocracy oi
the South, forgetful of the war and its results,
blind to its teachings and irreversible decisions,
repealed the action of the former Legislature,
and disgraced itself and the country by sending
to this body certified copies of such action.
Now Jersey, during the last winter, has done
the same thing and helped to make this record
for the Democracy. Tell me that this party
has claims upon the soldier for his vote, when
it refuses to sustain this amendment which is
calculated to take cure of him and protect his
rights and all that he holds dear in life, by
providing against any possible repudiation of
his claims upon the Government, and the
adoption of any obligations of the rebellion.
How can the tax-payer support this Democratic
party when it refuses in this manner to say,
once for all, that no debts or obligations incurred
in the inierestof rebellion shall ever be assumed
or paid by the Go vera merit of the O'nited States?
It is idle to answer to all this that there is 110
danger of such a result ever taking place if this
amendment be not adopted; for these States
when equal sovereign States, and again restored
to their places in the Union, may, by law or
by amendments to their State constitutions, do
all these things in an hour of revenge or mad-
ness unless prohibited by the Constitution of
the United States.
When we look over the history of this party
for the last ten years and see how it has la-
bored in the interest of the men who have lor
years been plotting the overthrow of the Gov-
ernment, who encouraged them to proceed in
their bloody and wicked work by letter and by
word, who in the person of many of its lead-
ers encouraged the rebellion, giving it aid and
comfort during the long and dark ni ht of the
war we waged to save the nation's life, a party
who met 111 national convention in 18(54, in the
very presence of victory, and declared the war
a failure, and demanded that it be closed up,
which would have been but a base surrender
to treason and rebellion, and who went then
before the people upon this demand tor in-
dorsement ; a party who, by sncli constant
efiorts in the wrong direction and in the inter-
ests of the rebellion, gave to the rebellion
much of its power and hope ; a party which
again, after all the mistakes it has made and
the evil it has done, meets as it has recently
in convention, striking hands with and paying
special honors to the leading spirits of the
rebellion, who have opposed the work of legal
reconstruction in their States, and who are to-
day unchanged 111 their hatred to the Govern-
ment and those who have saved it, as well as
those who are now trying to restore it—when
we examine all this record in the light of the
past and the present, we wonder that they dare
go before the people with such a record ; and
we should have but little faith in the patriot-
ism and virtue of the people if they should bo
tolerated for a moment.
But in addition to all this it is now proposed
to overthrow all the good work that has been
done, includingthis constitutional amendment,
which if adopted will forever shut the door
against oppression, injustice, inequality, taxa-
tion for rebel indebtedness and attending obli-
gations. These issues are so plain they need
not be mistaken by any one; and I desire to
call the attention of the country to them that
they may not be overlooked. Dark, indeed,
will be the day when the people of the coun-
try abandon ail guarantee for safety and security
against future rebellion and war. Dark, in-
deed, will be the day when they turn over
a- ain into the hands of the Democratic party
the administration of the Government, and thus
bring into control again the vsry men who in-
augurated and waged a cruel war for nearly
five years to destroy it.
It cannot be. Should such a result come to
pass all the prophecies and sayings of the
leading spirits of secession and rebellion made
before the war and during it would be made
good, which were, that the people as a whole
were not capable of self-government; that the
power ought to rest with the few, a favored
class; that capital should own labor, and that
the more intelligent and wealthy should rule
and all others obey. The war has swept away
all such aristocratic notions, and now we are
asked to turn back the great tide of progress
and civilization and negative the results of the
war. This will not be done save by war and
revolution. Nearly three quarters of a million
of native-born loyal colored citizens have been
invested with the right of suffrage by law, their
bondage having been swept away and their
rights established by war and as one of its
results ; and we are told that this shall all be
upturned and come to naught. These are
rights which can never be taken away except
by crime, and the world's history does not
show an instance where so large a number of
free people were ever degraded by being
stripped of them after having enjoyed their
benefits. It can only be done by revolution
and war, and this is the entertainment which
the Democratic party holds out to the people
of this country in the event of success in the
coming struggle.
Under our work nearly all of the southern
States are restored to their places and rights in
the Union, and their Representatives, in the
persons of loyal men, are taking their seats in
both branches of Congress. The wounds caused
by the war are fast being healed up as State
after State assumes the functions with which it
has been invested by law in accordance with
the Constitution and the will of the people, and
peace and order are everywhere beginning to
reign. And yet the Democratic party, in con-
vention, tells'us that this work is void and must
fall. The country wants peace, but the Democ-
racy invites it to strife and confusion. Never
were graver or more important issues presented
to a tree people to settle than now,_ but they
must be met and determined. A distinguished
Democratic Senator, [Mr. Buckai.ew,] 111 dis-
cussing the political situation a day or two
since, presented this issue as follows :
" X repeat that, in my judgment, for thepurposeof
obtaining validity to reconstruction, salely to recon-
struction,continuance to it, efteetlorit as it hubbeen
undertaken byOungress.it is necessary that a ma-
jority of the people 111 the adheimg btates shall
indorseit in the elections ot 1803." " si " *
"It must be baptized with popular approval; it must
get the j udgmentof the people, and from those wjo<c
right to vote in this Union and to control its political
destinies is unquestioned. It', when you c/my your
body of laws pav*ed since IfeGG to the people ot the
North and of the West and of the grc.it central states,
they say * Well done, goodandiaithlulservants; jou
have performed our will and executed our wishes,
and your work shall stand,' then, andthen only,will
you command the situation; then, and then only,
will you be entitled to ask oi mo and ot othersacqui-
escenee in what you have done. I acknowledge a
sort of common lav/ in this country upon constitu-
tional Questions. iacknowleUge thatwhen a conlro
verted question of public power long in debate has
been sent to the people and deliberately determined
by them, their decision cannot be reversed or disre-
garded, That is a sort of 'higher law to winch 1
subscribe." " '' , ' "" ,
'"Take the issue ot reconstruction as itstands, ami
submit it to the freemen of the adhering btates. it
; thev go with you, we mutt acquiesce in their judg-
■ ment, and your policy may stand good for the future.
' "You stand or fall before that tiibuna^which is
| competent to judge us both,.and whose autnonty we
1 cannot question here or elsewliere, now or^hcreaitei^.
1 Yourreconstructionmaystandgoodtoyou • •
* * "ifyoueetaveivhcttromthelreemenotthc
adhering States, and then only. •
"To end and to sum up the argument, reconstruc-
tion requires the support of the people, if it get it,
it can stand ; if it do not get it. and do not get it in
the adhering States, it will fall: and all the enact-
ments that Congret-s can now heap up cannot alter
or control that result."
I quote this language of the Senator to cail
the attention of the country to the great im-
portance that attaches itself to the decision
that it is to render upon the issues presented.
But, sir, as another plank m the Democratic
platform, adopted at New York, which more
fully shows the purposes and determination
of that party in the eveut of success at the
polls, I present the letter of General Blair, who
was nominated by acclamation for the office of
Vice President:
Washington-, June 30,1868.
Dear Colonel: In reply to your inquiries I beg
leave to say that I leave to you to determine, on con-
sultation with my friends from Missouri, whether my
name shall be presented to the Democratic conven-
tion, and to «ubmit. the following1, as what I consider
the real and only issue in this contest.
The reconstruction policy of the Radicals will bo
complete before the next election; theStatesso long
excluded will have been admitted; negro suffrage
established and the carpet-baggers installed in their
seats in both branches of Congiess. There isno pos-
sibility of changing the i^olitical character of the
Senate, even if the Democrats should elect their
President and a majority of the popular branch of
Congress. We cannot, therefore, undo th© Radical
plan of reconstruction by congressional action; the
Senate will continue a bar to its repeal. Must we
submit to it? IIow can it be overthiown ? It can
only be overthrown by the authority of the Executive
who is sworn to maintain the Constitution, and who
will tail to do his duty if he allows the Constitution
to perish under a series of congressional enactments
which are in palpable violation of its fundamental
principles.
If the X^resident elected by the Democracy enforces
or permits others to enforce these reconstruction nets,
the Radicals by the accession of twenty spurious
Senators and lilty Representatives will control both
branches of Congress, and his administration will be
as powerless as the present one of Mr. Johnson.
There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize theirown governments, and elect
Senators and Representatives. The House of Repre-
sentatives will contain a majority of Democratsfrom
the North, and they will admit the Representatives
elected by the white people of the South, and with
the cooperation of the President it will not be diffi-
cult to compel the Senate to submit once more to the
obligations of the Constitution. It will not bo able
to withstand the puolic judgment, if distinctly in-
voked and clearly expressed on this fundamental
issue, and it is the sure way to avoid all future strife
to put the issue plainly to the country.
I repeat that this is the real and only question
which we should allow to control us: shall we sub-
mit to the usurpations by which the Government has
been overthrown, or shall we ex<3rt ourselves tor its
full and complete restoration? It is idle to talk of
bonds, greenback®, gold, the public faith, and the
public credit. What can a Democratic President do
in regard to any of these with a Congress in botu
branches controlled by the carpet-baggers and t.icir
allies? lie will be powerless to stop the supplies by
wluchidlenegroesareorganized into political club-,
by which an army is maintained to protect t hese vag-
abonds in their outrages upon the ballot. These, ana
things like these, eat up the revenues and resources
of the Government and destroy its credit—inake tae
difference between gold and greenbacks. \> e must
restore the Constitution before we can restore the
finances, and to do this we must have a President
who will execute the willof the people by trampling
into dust the usurpation of Congress, known as the
reconstruction act5'. 3 wish to stand before the con-
vention upon tuisissne, but it is one which embi ac©&
everything else that is of value in its large and com-
prehensive results. It is the one thing that includes
all that is worth a contest, and without it there is
nothing that gives dignity, honor, or value to the
^You'rfriend, FRANK P. BLAIR.
Colonel James 0. Broadheau.
Here is the key-note of the campaign, the
rallying cry of tlie Democracy. Give us suc-
cess, says General Blair, and we will stamp out
all the work of Congress in restoring the
revolted States to their places in the Union,
turn out their representatives from their seats
in both ends of this Capitol, and by the Army,
1 if necessary to accomplish the work, we will
j call the leading spirits of the rebellion in those
! States to the positions of place and power, and
| hand over the governments and the loyal men
in those States to tlieir tender mercy and con-
trol. All questions of finances, "of green-
backs, public faith, and the public credit" arc
of no account whatever, says Mr. Blair, in com-
parison with the great question of 11 trampling
in the dust the reconstruction acts of Congress
by the President, with all the power he can
control."
Mr. Chairman, no wonder Mr. Blair was
|| nominated by acclamation by a convention
!j composed so largely of those lately leaders in
ji the rebellion to overthrow the C*oyer"®f„
ii No wonder his nomination was appJ&u «
no other act of the convention was, and tftac
those leading rebels exPte^e^b^tllment
delighted with it. It was, sir, an indoisement
