THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
judges, just coming from other service of the
Government and from the bar, brought with
thorn opinions. But 1 foibear. I am treading
011 dangerous ground. Time has not yet laid
its softening and correcting hand long enough
upon this decision to allow me further to com-
ment upon it in this presence.
IIr. President and Senators, can it be said
that the possible doubts thrown on three or
four acts of Congress, as to their constitution-
ally, during a judicial experience of seventy-
five years—hardly one to a generation—is a
sufficient warrant to the President of the
United States to set aside and violate any act
of Congress whatever upon the pica that he
believed the Supreme Court would hold it un-
constitutional when a case involving the ques-
tion should come before it. and especially one
much discussed on its passage, to which the
whole mind of the country was turned during
the progress of the discussion, upon which he
had argued with all his power his constitutional
objections, anrl which, after careful reconsider-
ation, had been passed over his veto ?
Indeed, will vou hear an argument as a
Senate of the United States, a majority of
whom voted for that very bill, upon its consti-
tutionality iu the trial of an executive oflicer
for willfully violating it before it had been
doubted by any court?
Bearing upon this question, however, it may
be said that the President removed Mr. Stan-
ton for the very purpose of testing the con-
stitutionality of this law before the courts, and
the question is asked, Will you condemn him
asfor a crime for so doing? If this plea were
a true one it, ought not to avaii; but it is a
subterfuge. We shall show you that, he has
taken no step to submit the question to any
court, although more than a year has elapsed
since the passage of the act.
On the contrary, the President has recog-
nized its validity and acted upon it, in every
department of the Government save in the
War Department, and there except, in regard
to the head thereof solely. We shall show you
he long ago caused all the forms of commis-
sions and official bonds of all the civil officers
of the Government to be altered to conform to
its requirement. Indeed, the fact will not be
denied—nay, in the very case of Mr. Stanton,
he suspended him under its provisions, and
asked this very Senate, befotewhom he is now
being tried for its violation, to pass upon the
sufficiency of his reasons for acting under it in
so doing according to its terms ; yet, rendered
roekloss and mad by the patience of Congress
under his usurpation of other powers and his
disregard of other laws, he boldly avows in his
letter to the General of the Army that he in-
tends to disregard its provisions, and summons
the commander of the troops of this Depart-
ment to seduce him from his duty so as to be
able to command, in violation of another act
of Congress, sufficient military power to en-
force his unwarranted decrees.
The President,knew, or ought to have known,
his official adviser, who now appears as his
counsel, could and did tell him, doubtless,
that he alone, as Attorney General, could tile
an information in the nature of a quo warranto
to determine this question of the validity of
the law.
Mr. Stanton, if ejected from office, was with-
out remedy, because a series of decisions has
settled the law to be that an ejected officer can
not reinstate himself either by fjuo 'warranto,
inaiiihnnus 01 other appiopriate remedy in the
courts.
if the President had really desired solely to
test the constitutionality of the law or his legal
right to remove Mr. Stanton, instead of his
defiant message to the Senate of the 21st of
February,'informing them of the removal, but
not suggesting this purpose, which is thus shown
to lie an afterthought, he would have said, in
substance : •' Gentlemen of the Senate, in order
to test the constitutionality of the law entitled
'An act regulating the tenure of certain civil
office,-.' which I verily believe to be unconsti-
tutional and void, I have issued an order of
removal of E. M. Stanton from the office of
Secretary of the Department of War. I felt
myself constrained to make this removal lest
Mr. Stanton should answer the information in
the nature of a quo warranto, which I intend
the Attorney General shall tile at an early day,
by saying that he holds the office of Secretary
of War by the appointment and authority of
Mr. Lincoln, which has never been revoked.
Anxious that there shall be no collision or dis-
agreement between the several departments
of the Government, and the Executive, I lay
before the Senate this message, that the rea-
sons for my action, as well as the action itself,
for the purpose indicated, may meet your con-
currence." Had the Senate received such a
message the Representatives of the people
might never have deemed it necessary to im-
peach the President for such an act to insure
the safety of the country, even if they had
denied the accuracy of his legal positions.
On the contrary, he issued a letter of removal,
peremptory in iorm, intended to be so in
effect, ordered an oflicer of the Army, Lorenzo
Thomas, to take possession of the office arid
eject the incumbent, which he claimed he would
do by force, even at the risk of inaugurating
iusuirection, civil commotion, and war.
Whatever may be the decision of the legal
question involved, when the case comes before
the final judicial tribunal who shall say that
such conduct of the Executive under the cir-
cumstances, and iu the light of the history of
current events and his concomitant, action, is
not in Andrew Johnson a high crime and mis-
demeanor? Imagine, if it were possible, the
consequence of a decision by the Senate in the
negative—a verdict, of not guilty upon this prop-
osition.
A law is deliberately passed with all the form
of legislative procedure, is presented to the
President for his signalure, is returned by him
to Congress with his objections, is thereupon
reconsidered, and, by a yea and nay vote of
three quarters of the Representatives of the peo-
ple in the popular branch, and three fourths of
the Senators representing the States in the
higher branch, is passed again, notwithstanding
the veto ; is acquiesced in by the President, by
all departments of the Government conform-
ing thfcielo for quite a year, no court having
doubted its validity. Now its provisions aie
willfully and designedly violated by the Presi-
dent with intent to usurp to himself the very
powers which the law was designed to limit,
for tiio purpose of displacing a meritorious
officer whom the Senate just before had determ-
ined ought, not and should not be removed ;
for which high-handed act the President, is im-
peached in the name of all the people of the
United States by three fourths of the House
of Representatives, and presented at the bar
of the Senate, and by the same Senate that
passed the law, nay, more, by the very Sen-
ators who, when the proceeding came to their
knowledge, after a redeliberation of many
hours, solemnly declared (he act unlawful and
in violation of the Constitution; that act of
usurpation is declared not to be a high misde-
meanor in office by their solemn verdict of not
guilty upon their oaths.
Would not such a judgment be a conscious
self-abnegation of the intelligent capacity of
the representatives of the people, in Congress
assembled to frame laws for their guidance in
accordance with the principles and terms of
their Constitution and frame of their Govern-
ment?
Would it not be a notification—an invitation
rather—standing to ail time to any bold, bad,
aspiring man to seize the liberties of the peo-
ple, which they had shown themselves incapa-
ble of maintaining or defending, and playing
the rule of a Ctesar or Napoleon here to estab-
lish a despolism, while this the last and greatest
experiment of freedom and equality of right in
the people, following the long line of buried re-
publics, sinks to its tomb under the blows of
usurped power from which free representative
Government shall arise to the light, of a morn
of resurrection nevermore, nevermore forever!
Article nine charges that Major General
Emory, being in command of the military de-
partment of Washington, the President called
him before him and instructed him that the act
of March 2, 18G7, which provides that all or-
ders from the President shall be issued through
the General of the Army, was unconstitutional
and inconsistent with his commission, with
intent to induce Emory to take orders directly
from himself, and thus hinder the execution
of the civil-tenure act and to prevent Mr.
Stanton from holding his office of Secretary
of War.
If the transaction set forth in this article
stood alone we might well admit that doubts
might arise as to the sufficiency of the proof.
But the surroundings are so pointed and sig-
nificant as to leave no doubt on the mind of
an impartial man as to the intents and pur-
poses of (lie President. No one would say
that the President might not properly send to
the commander of this department to make
inquiry as to the disposition of his forces, but
the question is, with what intent and purpose
did the President send for General Emory at
the time he did? Time, here, is an important
element of the act.
Congress had passed an act in March, 1867,
restraining the President from issuing military
orders save through the General of the Army.
The President had protested against that act.
On the 12th of August he had attempted to get
possession of the War Office by the removal
of the incumbent, but could only do so by
appointing the General of the Army thereto.
Failing in his attempt to get full possession of
the office through the Senate, he had determ-
ined, as he admits, to remove Stanton at all
hazards, and endeavored to prevail on the
General to aid him in so doing. He declines.
For that the respondent, quarrels with him,
denounces him in the newspapers, and accuses
him of bad faith and untruthfulness. There-
upon, assertinghis prerogatives as Commander-
in-Chief, he creates a new military department
of the Atlantic. He attempts to bribe Lieu-
tenant, General Sherman to take command of
it by promotion to the rank of general by bre-
vet, trusting that his military services would
compel the Senate to confirm him.
If the respondent can get a general by brevet
appointed, he can then by simple order put
him on duty according to his brevet rank and
thus have a general of the Army in command
at Washington, through whom he can trans-
mit his orders and comply with the act which
he did not dare transgress, as he had approved
it, and get, rid of the hated General Grant.
Sherman spurned the bribe. The respondent,
not discouraged, "appointed Major General
George II. Thomas to the same brevet rank,
but Thomas declined.
What stimulated the ardor of the President
just at that time, almost three years after the
war closed, but just after the Senate had rein-
stated Stanton, to reward military service by
the appoiulment of generals by brevet? Why
did his zeal of promotion take that form and no
other ? There were many other meritorious offi-
cers of lower rank desirous of promotion. The
purpose is evident to every thinking mind. He
had determined to set aside Grant, with whom
he had quarrelled, either by force or fraud,
either in conformity with or in spite of the act
of Congress, and control the military power
of the country. On the 21st of February—for
all these events cluster nearly about the same
point of time—he appoints Lorenzo Thomas
Secretary of War and orders Stanton out of
the office. Stanton refuses to go; Thomas is
about the streets declaring that lie will put him
out, by force, " kick him out." He has caught
his master's word.
On the evening of the 21sta resolution look-
ing to impeachment is offered in the House,
The President, on the morning of the 22d,
'•as early as practicable," is seized with a
sudden desire to know how many troops there
were in Washington, What for, just then?
Was that all he wanted to know? If so, his
Adjutant General could have given him the offi-
