3120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
A bill (H. R. No. 1249) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Long;
A bill (H. E. No. 1250) granting a pension
to James Rooney;
A bill (H. R. No. 1251) granting a pension
to Charles Hamstead;
A bill (H. R. No. 1252) granting a pension
to the minor children of Garrett W. Freer ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1253) granting a pension
to Julia L. Doty; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1254) granting a pension
to Frances M. Webster.
_ Mr. VAN WINKLE. Here are fifty pen-
sion bills just sent to us from the House of
Representatives. There are twenty more lying
in the committee, making seventy, and there
are about eighty on the Calendar. I ask the
Senate to give me some day next week for the
purpose of taking up these bills. Some of
them have been on the Calendar since last Feb-
ruary. I ask, if there be no objection to that
suggestion, that Tuesday next, after the morn-
ing hour, be set aside for the consideration of
bills from the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not like to
agree to that. I want to ask the attention of
the Senate to the legislative appropriation bill
on Monday.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will say Wednesday,
if that will be more convenient; and as 1 have
had two days setaside heretofore for these bills
and got the benefit of neither, I hope the Sen-
ate will stick to me this time. I will say Wed-
nesday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I take this
occasion to give notice that on Monday I shall
ask the Senate to consider the legislative appro-
priation bill.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I hope the Senate
will agree to the motion which I have made,
that Wednesday next, after the morning hour,
be set apart for the consideration of bills
reported from the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS IN WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. HARLAN. I move now to continue
the consideration of the District bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
534) relating to contested elections in the city
of Washington, District of Columbia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
-Mr. DAVIS. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted, That tho mayor of the
city of Washington shall not hold any other offico or
place of trust, honor, or profit under the United
States in the District of Columbia or elsewhere.
My reason for presenting the amendment is
that I understand the mayor-elect is the post-
master of the city, and, in addition to that, is a
clerk of the Senate. 1 have heard it said that
he was a sort of omnium gatherum in relation
to offices. How many other offices he may
hold besides those I have named I am not
informed; but, as I suppose, this is piling up
the agony rather too high. If Jie is to be
mayor his duties ought to be restricted to that
office, and he ought not at the same time to be
allowed to hold the office of postmaster of this
city and of a clerk in the Senate. I do not
know, if he is thus tolerated, how many other
offices his voracious maw may take into it
under tho indulgence of the Senate. I think
tho amendment ought to prevail.
Mr. HARLAN. I rise merely to correct an
error of the honorable Senator from Kentucky.
I understand that the present mayor _ of the
city is not an officer of the Senate at this time.
He was. I believe, acting as disbursing clerk
of the Senate preceding his election to the
office of mayor, but on his election to the lat-
ter office he resigned the former, and is not
now an officer oi the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the honorable Senator
informs us that the mayor lias dropped one of
his offices. I ask him whether he does not hold
on to the other, the postmastereliip of this city.
Mr. HARLAN. I would state for the inform-
ation of the Senator from Kentucky, that a
change in the post office is completely within
the power of the President of the United
States and a majority of the Senate of the
United States. If in his opinion and that of
the President and a majority of this body the
two offices are incompatible, the remedy is
completely within the control of the political
friends of the Senator from Kentucky, if a
majority of this Senate approve it.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator
if the office of mayor, in its dignity and duties,
is not quite enough for one reasonable man ?
I think, from the Senator's reference to the
condition of affairs and of society in this city
a short time since, this mayor would have
as much as he could possibly do, and do well,
to regulate the affairs of the city and to keep
in peace and order the population of the city
of Washington. I think it is quite reasonable
to restrict the mayor to that office. I usk the
honorable Senator is there any propriety, any
fitness, any proper policy in the mayor of the
city of Washington holding at the same time
the place of postmaster of the city?
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator desires my
opinion for the purpose of guiding his action,
I of course am bound in courtesy to give it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not want it for any such
purpose as that. [Laughter.] I do not per-
mit you to guide my action in any way. I
wanted to know if a special appeal upon a
principle of reason and justice and propriety,
would be acknowledged by the honorable Sen-
ator, not to guide my action, but merely to
ascertain what his judgment would be upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, I will
state that if any gentleman can with propriety
hold these two offices at the same time, 1 have
no doubt that the mayor of Washington can.
lie is a gentleman of very high character, of
a high order of talent, high culti«atkMty and
I have discovered no incompatibility in the
law, nothing to prohibit the same person hold-
ing both these offices ; and if any one could
with propriety do it I have no doubt the
mayor can.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a very good answer.
It ia rather an admission that no man can with
propriety hold the two offices, as I understand
it; and if that be the meaning of the honorable
Senator, I fully accord with him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On this question I will
ask for the yeas and nays. I should like to
know whether it is the judgment of the Senate
that the same party should hold more than one
office with the emoluments. I think it is a
principle that governs throughout this country
that an individual should be satisfied with one
office.
Mr. NYE. I suppose the objection both by
the honorable Senator from Kentnckyand the
honorable Senator from Indiana to this indi-
vidual holding two offices, arises from the fact
that he is a Republican. I have never under-
stood that there were too many offices for a
Democrat to hold if he could only get them ;
but I submit to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky whether it is not better to let one
Republican hold two offices than it is to have
two Republicans in the two offices. Does not
that suit him better?
Mr. DAVIS. A still better rule than that,
if the honorable Senator will permit me to
respond, is to allow neither of them to hold an
office. [Laughter.] .
Mr. NYE. That, I suppose, is the truth ofthe
case, both in the mind of the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky and the honorable Senator
from Indiana. I take it for granted, however,
that their great leader can correct this evil.
He will do anything that they desire. The hon-
orable Senator from Indiana has but to wave
his hand and there can be a vacancy m the
post office in a minute ; and if the honorable
Senator from Kentucky would go in person,
the Executive, from his neighboring State,
would be too happy to relieve Mr. Bowen from
that responsibility. Having strong claims on
i the Executive, I think they have the corrective
in their own hands, and it is not best for us to
meddle with this matter.
Mr. THAYER. My regard for the Presi-
dent prompts me to appeal to my friend from
Indiana and my friend from Kentucky not to
press this amendment. The President has it
in his power to remove the postmaster if it is
incompatible irr his view for that gentleman to
hold two offices. By pressing this amendment
they do in my judgment reflect upon their
political leader, the President; and I should
regret to see them do it. Therefore, out of
regard to the President, I hope the Senator
from Kentucky and the Senator from Indiana
will not press this amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know that
the Senator from Nebraska held the views he
has just expressed. I thought he regarded the
tenure-of-office bill as constitutional and hav-
ing the legal force of any other law ; but I now
perceive that he does not believe that law to
)*£ constitutional and to have legal force, for
the reason that he says the President ean turn
this man out of the office of postmaster. If
the tenure-of-olfice bill be the law ofthe land,
if it be constitutional, the President has not
that power, and the Senator from Nebraska
knows it very well. If that be the law, the
President of the United States is no longer
responsible for the efficiency of the public ser-
vice—that rests upon the Senate. By that law
the President can turn out of office no man
who holds office by his appointment with the -
consent of the Senate, unless the Senate con-
cur in the removal. So that the Senate has vol-
untarily taken upon itself the responsibility of
the efficiency of the executive service, and the
Senator from Nebraska cannot say that the
President can turn this man out. Hecannotdo
it. No Senator need go to the President and say
to liim that he can do it, because if he under-
takes to do it without the pleasure of the Sen-
ate being expressed you say he is liable to
impeachment, and you propose to impeach
him if he does that which the Senator from
Nebraska says he can do.
Mr. President, the reason I have called for
the yeas and nays on this question is that I
think it ought to be the settled judgment of
this country that the same man ought to hold
but one office; an important office should re-
ceive his entire attention. There is < no pro-
priety that we should thus heap upon any man
honors and emoluments of office. And I will
say to the Senator from Nevada, that in Dem-
ocratic times it was made the law of the Uni-
ted States, and it still stands upon the statute-
book, that the same man shall not receive a
salary for more than One office of Executive
appointment.
Mr. NY'E. More than one Federal office?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly, one Federal
office; so that the view of the country as ex-
pressed in Democratic times is that one man
ought to have but one office; and if you want
to pile the honors upon any one man and give
him the profits of different offices we shall
have the expression of the judgment of the
Senate now on this amendment.
Mr. NYE. I simply want to ask the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, who is au fait
upon all these questions of Democratic princi-
ples, whether that law was passed in Demo-
cratic times and by Democratic votes alone.
It has always been the law, I think, ever since
I can remember, that a man cannot receive pay
for more than one Federal office at the same
time. But, now, I want to ask the Senator if
there is not the same impropriety in holding
two offices that there is in being nominated for
two at the same time, taking the chances of
two ; if the man succeeds in one very will; it'
he does not. he falls back on the other. Is
that quite right? If this amendment is to pre-
vail, should there not be an amendment that
no gentleman in this Senate, Democrat or Re-
I publican, should be a candidate for nomina-
tion to two offices at the same time; for instance,
the office of Governor ol'a State and President
ofthe United States. It seems to me absorb-
ing and against the spirit of the old Democratic
