1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3121
law to which the honorable Senator so strictly
adheres.
Air. THAYER. Mr. President, I am one
of those who labored under the delusion that
the Pre&ideut of tbe United States had not the
right or the authority to remove incumbents
of offices without the sanetiou of the Senate;
and I am one of those who also labored under
the innocent delusion of believing the tenure-
of office law constitutional. I believe it to-day.
But, sir, my recollection takes me back a
couple of weeks since when the Senate declared
that the President was not bound by that law.
That was the decision, in fact. The Senate
declared, by a vote of 1 9 to 85, that the Pres-
ident had the right to make a removal.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the honor-
able Senator to acquiesce in that decision ?
Mr. THAYEK. No, sir; I do not. I most
emphatically exercise my private right of con-
demning that decision, and I as emphatically
.indorse the decision of the thirty-five who
declared that he had not the power to make
removals except by the consent of the Senate.
But, sir, that decision having been made as it
was, I could say to my Democratic friends on
this floor who helped to pronounce that ver-
dict of acquittal, that from their standpoint it
is unnecessary to make this motion here,
because, from their standpoint the President
has the right and the powes to make the re-
moval. I was speaking for them ; and if thej'
will accept my kind offices and good will 1
will ask them not to put the President in a
false position nor reflact upon him by under-
taking to pass a motion here which would, in
effect, declare that the President did not do
his duty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
a question, with his permission, before he takes
his seat, whether he now repeats the proposi-
tion that the President has the light to remove
the present postmasterofthecity of Washington
of his own motion? Has he that right?
Mr. THAYER. Without the consent of the
Senate ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Has the President that
power to remove?
Mr. THAYER. Not according to my view;
hut if the decision of the Senate on the impeach-
ment case was correct, which I deny, then I
should admit that he had the power. But I
will say seriously—and I have been serious, as
my friend from Indiana has been, all the way
through—that if the President deems it incom-
patible with law or propriety for this officer to
hold the ofiice of postmaster of this city while
lie is mayor, he can send in a nomination of a
successor to him in the post office, and give
the reasons for making the proposed removal.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to make one statement.
It is a well-known fact that the commission of'
Mr. Bowen as postmaster expired long ago.
There is nothing in the law to which the Sena-
tor from Indiana alluded to prevent Air. John-
son from trying to remove him. He is subject
to the will of the Executive. His commission
faaviug expired, he is only holding on until a
successor is appointed. The President is at
liberty to try to fill the place at any time.
The PRESIDENT two tempore. The Sena-
tor from Indiana has called for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee a question or two for
information. First, I ask him what officer, as
the law now stands, has the right to certify as
to the result of the vote; and second, I ask
him whether there is now, under the law, any
provision for which a contested election can be
tried, ami it can be ascertained what candidate
or candidates received a majority of the votes ?
I should like to know the condition of the law
now upon these questions.
Mr. HARLAN. I can answer the Senator
best by reading the law in relation to the elec-
tion of mayor:
"The commissioners hereinafter mentioned shall
make out duplicate certificates of tho result of the
40th Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 19G.
election of mayor, and shall return one to the board
of aldermen and the other to the board of common
council, on the Monday next ensuing the election;
and the ncrson having the greatest number of votes
shall bethe mayor; but in case two or more persons, jj
highest in vote, .-h.t'i have an equal number of vote-', |1
then it shatl be lawful forthe boaul of aldei men and i
tho board of common council to proceed forthwith, 1
by ballot, in joint meeting, to determine the choice I
betwecnsuchpcisons. The mayor^hall, on theiMoii-
d.'!y nest ensuing his election, before he enters on the !
duties of his office, in the presence of the, boards of
aideimen and common council, in joint meeting, !
take an oath, to be administered by a justice of the
peace, ' lawfully to execute the duties of his ofticc. to
the best ot his skill and judgment, without taror or
partiality.'"
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the provision
in regard to ascertaining who are elected alder-
men and common councilmen ?
Air. IIARLAN. I will read the law on that
subject:
"Immediately on closing tho polls, tho said com-
missioners for each ward, or a majority of them,
shall count tho ballots, and make out under their
hands and seals a correct icturn of'the persons hav-
ing the greatest number of legal votes lor members
of tho board of aldermen and for members of the
board of common council, respectively, together will)
the uumbei of votes given to each person voted for;
and tile persons having the greatestmunberof votes
for the two boards, respectively, shall be duly elected;
and, in all cases of an equality of votes, theeoimnis-
sioneis shall decide the choice by lot. The said re-
turns shall be delivered on the da.y succeeding tho
election, who shall cause the resultof the election to
be published in some newspaper printed in the city
of Washington; a duplicate return shrill, together
with a list of thopersons whovoted at such election,
also to be mado on the day succecding the election,
to the register of the city, who shall preserve and
record the same, and shall, within two davsllieio-
after, notify the several persons so returned of their
election."
It will be seen, therefore, that in the case of
the mayor no certificate or notification is given
other than the returns of the commissioners
of election for each of the wards to the board
ofaldermen, and also induplicate to the board
of common council, whereupon he is required
to take the oath of ollicc aud to enter on tho
discharge of his duties.
Air. FESSENDEN. Does not the out-going
mayor declare the votes for his successor?
Air. HARLAN. Not at all. The returns
are made directly, in duplicate, to the board
of aldermen and to the board of common
couueil.
Air. FESSENDEN. Of the preceding year?
Air. HARLAN. The existing board of
aldermen and councilmen. In the case of
aldermen and councilmen it, will be seen that
it is contemplated that duplicate returns shall
be made to the mayor, who may be the out-
going mayor, if he should not be reelected,
and also to the register of the city, who is
made the custodian of the election records,
and whose duty it is made to notify each party
elected of his election.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has that not been
done in this case ?
Air. HARLAN. It has been done in this
case.
Mr. DAVIS. The law read by the honor-
able Senator, as I understand it, makes no
special provision for a contested election.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a succeeding
clause which provides that the board ofalder-
men and the board of common council shall
be the judges of the elections and qualifica-
tions of their own members, it being, I think,
a copy substantially of the provision of the
Constitution of the United States relating to
the Senate and House of Representatives.
Air. DAVIS. I will inquire of the honor-
able Senator if that clause makes them the
final and conclusive judges?
Mr. HARLAN. I think so. The Senator
rom Indiana [Mr. Hendkicks] has the law in
his hand.
Air. DAVIS. I suppose, though, that the
matter is left to be governed according to the
general rule. If there are two candidates for
office, and one of them is installed into^ the
office, and the other believes that he is entitled
to it because of having been elected according
to the law, the latter has the right to assert
his claim to the office in a court unquestion- j
ably. I suppose that that general law applies :
to the election of mayor and aldermen here; 1
but if I am mistaken in that the honorable
Senator may readily provide a proper remedy,
and that should be a provision to evahle a
contest between tlrese aldermen, these con-
testing aldermen or candidates for aldermen,
and the contesting candidates for mayor to be
brought before a courtand to he decided upon
the facts according to the law m force at the
time the election took place. What objection can
there be, if any legislation be needed upon the
subject, to that course, 1 ask the honorable
Senator from Iowa?
Air. HARLAN. The committee attempted
to provide the very remedy. If the Senator
from Kentucky will allow me, I will read from
the fourth section of tho bill.
Air. DAVIS. I have read it. But why
intervene other remedies? Why not leave the
parties to their prima facie and final rights
under the law just as the law existed whemhe
election took place, aud let this provision for
a judgment as to the rights of contestants
before the courts go into operation with the
officers holding their respective offices accord-
ing to their returns, as the law existed at the
time the election took place?
Air. IIARLAN. 1 attempted to explain that
a few minutes since. The law as it now stands
provides, as to the board of aldermen and the
board of common council, that "each board
shall judge of the legality of the elections,
returns, ami qualifications of itsoivn members,
and shall supply vacancies in its own body," &e.
I find in the law no other mode of trial except
a trial by the board itself of the qualifications
and elections of its own members.
Air. DAVIS. This is the suggestion which
I make to the honorable Senator, that his bill
shall simply provide for tho decision by the
courts of the rights of the different claimants
to this ofiice; let tho mayor go into his office
under his return as the law existed at the time
the election took place; let. the aldermen go into
office on the prima fade returns just as the law
regulated the returns of the election at the time
the election took place; and let this bill simply
provide that if the candidate who is not inducted
into the ofiice of mayor believes that he is enti-
tled to the office, there shall be a remedy for
that candidate who believes he was elected but
who did not get the return to enable him to
contest his right in court. At the same time,
let the bill provide that the aldermen who re-
ceived returns of their election according to
the law in existence when the election took place
shall go into ofiice; let it further provide that
the candidates who contest the right of thoso
aldermen to their seats shall have a remedy in
court to decide which has the better right.
That would be even-handed justice between
these parties. The Senator from Indiana [Mr.
IIendiuuks] stated clearly and distinctly that
here was a proposition to establish a different
rule for the induction of those candidates into
the different offices. In the one case, it is
proposed to induct the mayor on the returns
made by tho officers whose duty it was to make
returns of his election under the law as it
existed at the time of the election. Nobody
objects to that. As I understand, the Repub-
lican mayor has received such a majority, and
he has been inducted into office. If the
opposing candidate desires to contest his right
to the office, let the honorable Senator's bill
provide a remedy that will enable the contest-
ing candidate to make the issue in court, and
that will allow the mayor who received the
returns to remain in the office and execute it
until that contest is decided in court. So of
the aldermen. As I understand, a portion ofthe
aldermen have received their returns accord-
ing to the law as it existed when the election
took place. Let them go into office and -take
upon themselves the exercise of its duties just
as the mayor did upon the returns of the proper
officers of the election; and if the opposittg
candidates believe that they are entitled to the
ofiice, and that those men in whose favor the
returns were made are not entitled to the othce,
let the honorable Senator's bill provide that
tho men who did not get the returns, but wiio
