1868.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
4145
rial be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire,
presented a petition of citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, praying that pensions be
granted to the surviving soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812, and to the widows of such
as may have died; which was ordered to lie on
the table, the subject having been reported
upon.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying for the adoption of
measures for the reduction of the taxes ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented a petition of
officers of the United States Army, praying
for an increase of compensationwhich was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. CON KLINGr presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying for a
special tax of fifty cents per thousand on shin-
gles imported from Canada in addition to the
present ad valorem tax; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to make a personal ex-
planation, or a statement in the nature of a
personal explanation. There was laid on the
tables of Senators yesterday, as I am told, a
\ paper containing two extracts from the New
York Herald of recent date. As the person
who took the pains to print this paper did not
send me a copy I am indebted to a Senator
for one. There are two or three observations
in this paper that I cannot allow to pass un-
noticed, and I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to them. This is the first time I ever
deemed it necessary to refer to a newspaper j
article in the Senate of the United States in j
the nature ot a personal explanation. One j
of these articles is headed ''Sherman's Fund-
ing Bill and the Treasury Ring." It says:
"It is a monstrous job, by which a few individuals
arc to 111.ike millions of dollars tor manipulating the
Government seeuuoes, fordoing what the Govern-
ment clerks would do just as well at only the cost
of their regular salaries."
My reply to that is that nothing is to be
done under the bill except what is done by
Government clerks, as they are called.
" Then the bill gives enormous power to the Secre-
tary of the Tieasuiy to issue bonds in such lorm and
denomination as he may choose lor the redemption,
purchase, or exchange of the non-interest-bearing
debt—that is, of the legal tenders—besides other
powers, altogether out of character, and dangerous."
On the contrary, the bill gives to the Secretary
of the Treasury no power whatever except
what he possesses now, and every provision in
it is a restraint upon the powers of the Secre-
tary.
The writer further says:
" The only thing Congress should do with regard
to fiuanciil matters is to tieup the hands of the Sec-
retary m the matter of giving commissions ior man-
ipulating and exchanging securities aud selling gold.'
1 am bound to say, in behalf of Congress,
that Congress has done that twice in two bills ;
first by an amendment to an appropriation bill,
and also by a section in this veiy funding bill
of which the wiiter complains.
Then in the other article the writer says :
" The general desire of the people to lessen their
burdens of taxation by reducing, if it can bo done
honest'y, the interest on their public debt is taken
advantage of by the Treasury ring to aid m getting
through that gigantic job known as the Sherman
iundmg scheme."
So far as the "Treasury ring" is concerned
1 do not know that anybody from the Treasury,
directly or indirectly, applied for the passage
of the bill. The Committee on Finance acted
upon it from considerations of public policy
and upon matters referred to them.
Again, the writer says:
" Though twice defeated"—
That is false, for no vote had ever been taken
on the bill, and almost every amendment has
been rejected—
" this precious job has altogether too much money
40th CoiNa. 2d Sess.—No, 260.
in it to be readily given up, and its industrious author
may be expected to spring it upon the Senate when
there are but a dozen or so present, and get it through
without calling the yeas and nays."
The Senate knows perfectly well that early
in the session I introduced the bill, supported
by a report, and have never called it up except
after full notice. It has been considered after
the most mature consideration. But all this I
would not have noticed, because it is mere
general newspaper declamation, a very com-
mon way by which some people try to defeat
an important measure before Congress, and
but for the fact that there is a reference here
to my motives in connection with Jay Cooke
& Co., who, it is said, have made large sums
of money, I would not have troubled the Sen-
ate with thesubject. The writer goes on to say:
"Mr. Sherman's zeal for a funding bill is stimu-
lated by a desire to give his friends a job rather than
a wish to relieve the people troin any portion of their
burden of taxation."
Now, Mr. President, I feel bound to say that
Jay Cooke never, so far as I now recall, alluded
to this bill in connection with or in writing to
me. On the contrary, my impression is—and
this opinion is supported by the knowledge of
other Senators—that he, like most other bank-
ers and brokers of the country, are opposed
to the bill. They are perfectly willing to stand
upon existing laws. This bill tends to destroy
their vocation which feeds upon the large in-
terest paid by the United States. Jay Cooke
has recently written a pamphlet, in which he
expresses his views on the subject of finance
and dissents strongly from my own. He does
not influence my action in the least. His name
is thrown in to excite an unfounded prejudice.
His firm have beenemployed by three success-
five Secretaries of the Treasury, Mr. Chase,
Mr. Fessexdex, and Mr. McCulloch, to per-
form certain important transactions in regard
to the negotiation of bonds. Whenever the
conduct of those Secretaries in that particular
has been assailed in the Senate, I have always
defended them on the ground that the arrange-
ment was for the public interest. X have not
a doubt of this, but so far as I know I have
never done anv thing to promote the interests,
directly or indirectly, ot Jay Cooke & Co. I
cannot now lecail iu the course of legislation
during their employment that 1 have ever done
anything to promote their interests. All that
can be said of me in regard to Jay Cooke &
Co. is that they are my personal friends, of
the highest character and honor, who conduct
a great business upon the highest principles of
commercial and banking credit; and if they
have made a fortune they have made it by
honorable means, not so much by Government
employment as by the great reputation they
gained by their wonderful success in negotiat-
ing popular loans as agents of the Govern-
ment. I repeat, they are not responsible for
this funding bill, and I have no doubt, like the
great mass of bankers and brokers, are opposed
to it. But here in this paper is a direct impu-
tation that the whole funding bill, as it is called,
is a mere scheme to give Jay Cooke & Co. a
job ; when by the terms ot the bill nobody can
have a job under it. All the operations of the
bill must be done with the voluntary action of
the bondholders in exchanging their bonds for
other securities par for par, aud there can be
j] no possibility of a job or employment or profit
for private persons under it. It is unfortu-
nately a very common mode of assailing a
measure to auribute personal motives as sup-
porting it '1 Ins measiue can have no support
except 1'iom the common mteiest ot all per-
sons to relieve the burden of the public debt
and to lx-store our currency to tlie solid stanu-
ard of gold and silver. And k must encoun-
ter all the natural opposition ot great masses
of people who make their profit trom high in-
terest and an inflated currency.
1 feel it due to the Senate and myself that I
should call attention to this matter, as I do not
wish myself nor fhat the Senate should labor
under an imputation of this kiud where each
of us know there is no ground for it. It is but
just to Jay Cooke & Co., as well as to each
Senator who voted for this bill, that I should
make this statement. Sir, let me say to the
people whom the Herald represents, and who
got up this tract, that no efforts of theirs, no
imputations of theirs, shall prevent me from
pursuing the even tenor of my way, which
leads me to compel, if I can, by honorable and
fair means, a reduction of the burden of the
public debt, and to lighten the load that now
rests upon the people. Neither the Senate
nor the Committee on Finance nor myself will
support any proposition that impairs the pub-
lic faith or sacrifices the public interest to
"private jobs" or "Treasury rings nor, I
trust, will we be deterred from promoting the
common good of our constituents by any fear
of calumny or slander.
BILL RECOMMITTED,
On motion of Mr. R.AMSEY, thebill(S. No.
622) to authorize the construction of bridges
across the Ohio river was recommitted to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill (S. No. 624) to
carry into effect the decree of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Louisiana in the case of the British brig Dash-
ing Wave and her cargo ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. SUMNER presented a letter from the
Secretary of State, addressed to the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, rela-
tive to the British brig Dashing Wave; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1096)
making an appropriation of money to carry
into effect the treaty with Russia of March SO,
1867, have had it under consideration, and
directed me to report it back with amendments.
The Senate will see at once the importance of
speedy action on that bill, andtherefoie 1 hope
1 shall not take too great a liberty if I ask
action upon it at once.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. There will be no question
about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of
the bill?
Mr. WILSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing bills, reported them without amend-
ment :
A bill (H. R. No. 614) for the relief of Mrs.
Alice A. Dryer;
A bill (H. R. No. 851) granting a pension to
Ann Williams;
A bill (H. R. No. 886) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary J. Trueman;
A bill (H. E. No. 991) for the relief of Za-
dock T. Newman;
A bill (II. R. No. 1203) granting a pension
to Joseph A. Fry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1295) grantiug a pension
to William J. Cotty, late of the twenty-first
Missouri infantry volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1315) for the relief of Seth
Lea:
A bill (H. R. No. 1331).for the relief of
Nancy Cook, of Tennessee ; .
A bill (II. R. No. 1332) for the relief of
Barbara Stout, of Tennessee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1382}) granting a pension
to Sarah E. Ball, widow of James Ball, de-
ceased, late fireman on ihe steamer Vedette,
connected with the Burnside expedition; _
-! A bill (H. R. No. 1383) granting a pension
lj to Miss Ann E. Hamilton, of Alleghany city,
Sl Pennsylvania, aunt and adopted °
IS James E. JIcKillip and Charles_P. McK.lhp,
ii deceased, late soldiers m the Union Army ,
![ A bill (H. R. No. fal!b°SMassach "
to Mrs. Elizabeth Lane, of a
1 setts, mother of John Lane, deceased,
