1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
to take official notice of what had been done
by the Congress of the United States.
My second observation is, that it is possible,
I think, for an act which has been performed
by an inchoate State, void at the time it is per-
formed, to bccome legal by the subsequent
action of this Government; and I come to this
conclusion from the history of the formation
of new State governments, to which I have
before referred. The dilemma logically is
equally great in either case. Here you require
the people of a Territory to form a State con-
stitution, the fundamental law for the govern-
ment not only of the people, but of the officers
of the State. The Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Hekdbicks] maintains that, to form a consti-
tution, or to amend a constitution previously
existing, requires the highest act of sovereignty
that a State can exercise. Here the people of
a Territory, before they are a State, are re-
quired to put forth an act of sovereignty,
doubtless void at the time, but which after-
wards acquires legality, becomes vital by the
act of the national Government, to which it is
officially addressed. So it may be with the
action of these States in their transition period;
they may put forth acts which, if not ratified
or recognized afterwards by the national Gov-
ernment, would be totally void, and yet may
be binding whetf that action shall have been
had.
But be this as it may, it is clear that the
Congress of the United States never intended
by the passage of these concurrent resolutions
to declare that these organizations called gov-
ernments, formed irregularly without author-
ity of law, had. by the action of this Govern-
ment, become legal and binding. There can
now be no doubt on that subject, because Con-
gress has since enacted a law declaring in so
many words that these State governments are
illegal and must be considered provisional
only, but that their machinery may be adopted
by the officers of the national Government,
civil and military, for the administration of
justice, for the protection of the rights of per-
son and of property, and in carryii% out the
measures which the Government deem neces-
sary in order to secure the organization of
legal State governments within the limits of
these jurisdictions respectively.
But it is said if they are not legal, and Con-
gress has power to legalize them, it ought to
be done; that the peace and welfare of the
country require it; and, indeed, it has been
said by Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber that, so far as Republican members of
Congress are concerned, they are committed
to the adoption of this course, they are mor-
ally concluded on this subject, because Pres-
ident Johnson adopted and has been carrying
out the policy inaugurated by President Lin-
coln. They insist that -since the Republicans
sustained the administration and policy of
President Lincoln, therefore, to preserve then-
consistency, they are bound to sustain this
policy in the hands of the succeeding Pres-
ident. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hend-
ricks] was more explieit on this point thau
any other Senator; but he and others say that
President Johnson took up the paper—mean-
ing the North Carolina proclamation—just as
it dropped from the fingers of the murdered
President. I believe he said that it was in
President Lincoln's own handwriting, had been
originated by him, and submitted by him to
the members of his own Cabinet, who were
continued in office by President Johnson.
Some of these allegations are not susceptible
of proof. I know personally that that paper
was not in the handwriting of Mr. Lincoln, and
every one who has read the testimony delivered
by the Secretary of War before the House Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, must know that it did
not originate with Mr. Lincoln. The Secretary
of War says that it originated with himselt in
his own office, and was carried by him and sub-
mitted to the President. Perhaps it may not
be amiss for me to state here a fact which has
been partially stated by others elsewhere, that
the vital feature of this proclamation was not
approved by a majority of that Cabinet. _ I
would not state the exact facts on this point
had they not been partially developed by the
President himself in a communication sent to
this body, which has since, by the action of
the Senate, been made public, and if I did not
recognize the fact, or the alleged fact, that he
is in the habit of communicating conversations
which occur in Cabinet council to the reporters
of public newspapers. If he does not consider
these conversations in the character of confi-
dential communications between himself and
those who serve under him perhaps I am not
bound to so regard them.
Then I state here, without fear of contradic-
tion from any quarter, that on the day the
President decided to issue that proclamation
in the form in which it was issued, five of the
heads of Departments as then represented did
not concur with him on that feature of the
proclamation which has since become the vital
feature and the occasion of so much discus-
sion throughout the country. The Navy De-
partment on that occasion was represented by
the Assistant Secretary. lie, the Secretary
of War, the Attorney General, the Postmaster
General, and the Secretary of the Interior, all
insisted that suffrage, in some form, ought to
be granted to the colored population of these
States. Then the policy of President John-
son, or this feature of it, was not approved by
the Cabinet of President Lincoln, which was
afterward continued in power by the action of
President Johnson. Nor did the President
himself, or any member of that Cabinet, regard
these organizations thus inaugurated in the
light of permanent States. Neither the Pres-
ident nor any member of that Cabinet ever
advanced such an idea until late in the year
18G5, a few days preceding the assembling of
the Congress of the United States. If any one
can entertain a doubt on this subject, it may
be settled by a few citations. I read a com-
munication from W. L. Sharkey, provisional
governor of the State of Mississippi, addressed
to the Secretary of Slate:
Jacksos, Mississippi, July 21,1865.
Hon. W. II. Sewakd, Secretary of State:
A negro was murdered by a white man, neither of
thorn belonging to or eonneetod with the Army. Tho
crime is punishablo under our I aw with death, as any
other murder. Tho accused is in military custody in
Vicksbuig. (icneral Rlocum refuses to obey a writ
of habeas eor/ivs issued by a judgescompetent to issue,
but claims the right to try him by military authority.
If this be triablo by military authority, why not all
other crimcs, and what is tho use of civil govern-
ment? The record will bo sent on.
W. L. SHARKEY, Provisional Governor.
Here is the Secretary's reply:
Washington, Julu 2-1,1865.
W. L. SlIARKEY.
Provisional Governor Mississippi, Jackson:
Your telegram of tho 21st has been received. The
President sees no reason to interfere with General
Slocum'd proceedings. The government of tho State
will be provisional only, until the civil authorities
shall bo restored, with tho approval of Congress.
Meanwhile military authority cannot be withdrawn.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
(See report of Impeachment Committee,
page 1097.)
I have here also the reply of the Secretary
of State to the provisional governorof Florida,
dated September 12, 18G5, in which he says:
" It must, however, bo distinctly understood that
the lestoration to which your proclamation refers
will be subjcct to the decision of Congress."—Hid.,
page 1103.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Coxk-
lixg] has kindly furnished me with additional
evidence on the point, from which I was about
to depart—the testimony of the General-in-
Chief of our armies, taken before the same
committee to which I have previously referred:
"Question. You understood that Mr. Lincoln's plan
was temporary, to bo either confirmed or a new gov-
ernment sot up by Congress ?
"Answer. Yes; and I understood Mr. Johnson's to
he so, too."—Ibid., pase 825.
And that was the understanding by every one
at that time connected with the Government,
or, at least, no opposing opinion was ever an-
nounced.
Why, Mr. President, this assertion that Pres-
ident Johnson adopted the policy of President
Lincoln on the subject of reconstruction, in the
face of current history, seems to me so absurd
and ridiculous that it ought not to have been
insisted on in this Chamber. I know, what
nearly every Senator here probably knows, that
on that subject President Lincoln never had a
policy. When his political friends surrounded
him and asked him to establish a policy, in order
that his purposes might be known to his friends,
that they might be defended in and out of Con-
gress, he replied uniformly in nearly these
words: " Having a policy is the thing which I
have been always anxious to avoid." He did
not desire to be trammeled in his future action
by preconceived and previously adopted opin-
ions. He wished to be f«e, as events occurred
rapidly of a startling character, to do that
which at the time might seem to him to be for
the best interests of our country. That I am
not in error in this I will now establish by
referring to his own statements.
It will be remembered that some time in the
year 1864 a" bill for tho organization of the
rebel States was passed by the two Houses of
Congress. It reached the Executive but an
hour before the adjournment and failed to re-
ceive his approval. That bill is usually known
as the Winter Davis or Wade bill. It was the
occasion of great controversy throughout the
country and considerable dissatisfaction be-
tween different parties, friends of the late
President. During the recess the President
issued a proclamation in regard to it, in which
occurs this significant passage :
"Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President
of tho Ijnited States, do proclaim, declare, and make
known, that while 1 am (as I was in December last,
when by proclamation 1 propounded a plan for res-
toration) unprepared by a formal approval of this
bill to be inflexibly committed to any single plan of
restoration; and while I am also unprepared to de-
claro that the free State constitutions arid govern-
ments already adopted and lustaliedin Arkansas and
Louisiana shall be set aside and held for nought,
thereby repelling and discouraging the loyal citizens
who have set up the same as to further effort, or to
declare a constitutional competency in Congress to
abolish slavery in States, but am at the same time
sincerely hoping and expecting that a constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery throughout the na-
tion may be adopted, nevertheless I am fuliyssatisfled
with the system for restoration contained in the bill
as one very propor plan tor the loyal people of any
State choosing to adopt it; and that I am, and at all
times shall bo, prepared to give the executive aid
and assistance to anysuch people as soon asthemili-
tary resistance to the United States shall have been
suppressed in any such State, and the people thereof
shall have sufficiently returned to their obedienco to
tho Constitution and the laws of the United States,
in which cases military governors will be appointed,
with directions to proceed accoidiiik to tho bill."
Here Mr. Lincoln declared that he was not
prepared to adopt any plan as the only plan.
He had indicated one mode for reorganization
in the States of Louisiana and Arkansas. He
proposed to adhere to that until he was able to
perceive that it would not subserve the best
interests of the country; but. in relation to
every other State that might attempt reorgan-
ization, ho declared his willingness to'advise
them to pursue the plan indicated in the bill
as one very proper mode of reconstruction.
But, sir, I read in the next place from the
last speech that ever fell from the lips of that
departed statesman, delivered before the pop-
ulace of this city on the night of April 11, 18G5,
three days before his assassination. In that
speech, among other things he suys :
"When the message of 1S03, with tho plan before
mentioned —
Referring to the organization of provisional
governments in the States of Louisiana and
Arkansas—
reached New Orleans, General Banks wrote me ho
was confident that the people, with his militaryeo-
operation, would reconstruct substantially on that
plan. I wrote him and some of them to try it. They
tried it, arid the result is known. Such only has been
agency m getting up the Louisiana government.
As to sustaining it, my promise is out. as before stated,
.but. as bad promises are better broken than kept, I
Puali treat this as a bud promise and break it when-
+vfu s , U he convinced that keeping it is adverse
to the puolic interest. But I have not yot been so
convinced."
Here is a clear declaration that he would not
adhere to that plan, even in relation to Louis-
iana and Arkansas, longer than he was able to
perceive it would subserve the best interests of
