3122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
claim the office, sliall contest their right in
court just as a contestant of the mayor is
authorized to assert his claims in court.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, as I do
not intend to vote for this amendment, I will
state in a word my reasons. The facts seem
to have been misunderstood. Mr. Bowen was
called into the office of the Secretary of the
Senate, as I happen to know, for a temporary
purpose in connection with the investigation
into the accounts of the late Secretary, with 110
design or desire of remaining here, and he
actually left after the particular duty that he
had undertaken was discharged. As to this
matter of his holding the office of postmaster,
the explanation already made is satisfactory.
His term of office expired, 1 understand, in
March, and he is holding custody of the office
and managing it until the President and Senate
can select his successor. The reason, I believe,
for delay in selecting a successor has been the
difficulty of the President, among the very large
number of applicants, to fix his mind upon
any one person. There is therefore some
delay in sending a name in.
I am reluctant to vote for this amendment
saying that the mayor of Washington shall not
hold two offices,when in point of fact he is not
holding under any regular term, and it is not
his purpose or desire to hold the postmaster-
ship longer than the President permits him
pro tempore to discharge its duties until a suc-
cessor be appointed. 1 hope the i^nator from
Kentucky will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I merely wish to remark,
in reply to the observations of the Senator from
Kentucky, that the bill pending was intended
to provide, and I think does provide, precisely
the remedy which he so clearly describes, it
provides that the aldermen and councilmen
who hold the certilicate of election shall be
permitted to enter on the discharge of the
duties of their offices ; that that certificate shall
be held to be prima facie evidence of their
right to hold ; and the fourth section of the
bill provides that any party deeming himself to
have been elected adversely to this may a.ppear
in the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia and contest the right of those thus sworn in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe the yeas and nays
have not been ordered on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have
been ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. With the consent of the Sen-
ate, then, after the explanation of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, I ask leave to withdraw
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call
for theypas and nays will be withdrawn unless
objected to. The Chair hears no objection ; and
now the Senator withdraws his amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, in lieu of that amend-
ment I will offer this:
And be itfuither enacted. That the mayor of the
city of Washington shall not receive the pay or emol-
uments ol any other office.
I will say a single word in support of this
proposition. The honorable Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] who always speaks with
so much force and with so much instruction to
the Senate, was formeily a Democrat himself,
if I understand his political history. I think
that he and his ancient Democratic friend, the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hexdricks,] may
cutne to a proper and correct understanding of
what the principle is that was adopted by the
Democratic party some years ago in connection
with this subject. It was not that_the same
man should not, hold two offices, but it was that
the same man should not receive a salary for
two offices. We have an example at this time.
The Secretary of the Interior is acting as
Attorney General ad interim, as I understand.
The principle established by the Democratic
party is that a man who is an officer of the
government, and whose whole time and ser-
vices are presumed to be due to the Govern-
ment and to the country for the salary that he
4
receives in one office, shall not be permitted
to receive a salary in another or two other
offices. That I understand to be the principle,
and I suppose it is a very proper principle, at
least it has been sustained by the Senate and j
I believe by the House of Representatives at
the present session of Congress. The Com-
mittee on Claims have had presented^to them
and have considered various claims in cases
where officers of the Government receiving a
fixed salary were celled upon pro tempore or
ad interim to perforin the duties of other offices.
They have asked for compensation for the per-
formance of the duties of the other offices to
which they were thus temporarily assigned.
Their claims for such compensation have been
referred to the Committee 011 Claims, and that
committee of the Senate I know has unani-
mously decided against all such claims for the
compensation of an office in addition to the
compensation of another office which was fixed
by law to the person who was performing tem-
porarily the duties of a second office. I just
propose, by this amendment, to apply that
principle.
Mr. Bowen holds on to his office of post-
master, as my honorable friend from Nebraska
contends, and as the majority of the Senate
also contend, until his successor is nominated
to the Senate and confirmed by the majority
of the Senate. I want the provision which I
now offer to meet exactly that case and all
other cases, whether of Mr. Bowen or anybody
else; so that when he is postmaster of the city
of Washington, under the Government of the
United States, and is receiving a fixed salary
or a salary partly fixed and partly by commis-
sions, or wholly in the one or the other form,
payable from the Treasury of the United
States, he shall n-ot be allowed at the same
time to receive pay as mayor of Washington.
I hope the principle of that amendment will
meet the approval of my friend the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very
much to get at the exact state of the facts
before I can vote intelligently 011 this subject.
I do not know that I understand what the facts
of the case are. I have understood them to
be as I will state them, and I will ask the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa if my understanding
is correct.
It is the business of the commissioners of
election, as they are called, to receive and
return the votes polled. They are mere receiv-
ing officeis. There is a registry of this city, a
list is made out, and the pet-sons whose names
are on the list are entitled to vote. The com-
missioners, as I understand it, are to receive
the votes accoiding to the list, and make a
return of the votes. They did so in this case,
received the votes and made their return ; but
the next day they undertook to purge the list
and make a new return, having assumed to
strike out a certain number of votes as having
been thrown illegally, thus making themselves
judges of the legality of the voting. On that
second return, or amended return, the register
issued his notices of election, and this hill
confirms those notices so far as the prima facie
case is concerned. Is that the state of the
facts ?
Mr. IIAIUAN. The facts, in the order in
which they arise, are these: first, a registry
was made, as the Senator has stated, of the
voters, of those who were supposed to be enti-
tled to vole : and, of couise, afterwaid the
election occuired under that registry ; but
between the tune of making that registry and
the holding of the election Congress passed a
law defining the qualifications of voters, pro-
viding among other things—-
"That said section"—
referring to a section of the law as to the right
of voting—
"shull not be construed as conferring the elective
franchise in s:ud eity on non-commissioned otliccrs,
soldiers, sailor*, or marines, in the regular service
of the United States, situated or on duty in said city,
except sueb as    have become actual residents,
with their families, iu said city for one year previous
to any election."
This law was enacted defining those qualifi-
cations of electors after the registry was made,
and before the votes were taken. On the day
of the election, in the fifth ward, and perhaps
in other wards, soldiers connected with some
of the regiments—I think chiefly the twelfth
infantry—who had been previously registered,
presented themselves as voters and claimed the
right to vote. The judges of the election re-
ceived their votes, bat marked tho votes and
checked them, believing them not to be legal
voters. When the election was concluded, as
I understand, the whole result was first certii
lied up to the mayor; but on a close examina-
tion of the vote in the ward to which I have
referred, it was ascertained that these votes
would change the result of the election in that
ward. The commissioners therefore made a
careful count of these votes of soldiers who had
not been residing in the city a year, and who
were not therefoie legal voters under this law,
and attached the affidavits of ten of the offi-
cers of that ward, being two thirds, there being
fifteen in all, and certified that up to the regis-
ter with the whole return.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And to the mayor, at
the same time?
Mr. HARLAN. No; T think the certificate
to the mayor was made first, hut I am not sure
about that. This, at all events, was certified up
to the register of-the city, and receiving this
return from the election officers of the fifth
ward, in which they swore that a certain num-
ber of voters whose votes had been received,
indicating them, were not legal voters who had
cast their votes for certain candidates, the
register of the city made out his notification to
the parties who were duly elected according to
this certified statement of the election officers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator for information a question. Is the vote
in this city by ballot, and if so, how did any-
body know how those parties voted ? Certain
votes are excluded. 1 want to know how any-
body knew that those voters voted for this
candidate or the other candidate in that sort
of a transaction that he is describing.
Mr. IIARLAN. It was the easiest matter
in the world to ascertain that by checking the
ballot and checking the check list, which I
understand was done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Was the ballot cheeked?
Mr. HARLAN. I understand so. Believing
that the party presenting himself was not a
legal voter under the law, they received the
ballot, but marked it, and also marked the
check list of registered voters.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Was there any author-
ity of law for those officers to do that?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not able to answer
that question. I am not sure what the regula-
tion is on that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator from Iowa another question. Are
the persons who make out the list and the
commissioners who are appointed to receive
the ballots the same board, consisting of the
same persons, or are they different ?
Mr. HARLAN. They are different officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What power, then, had
the commissioners, who are merely to receive
the votes of men 011 the check list, to do any-
thing but receive them V How could they go
behind the check list and assume to mark bal-
lots and mark lists? What had they to do
except receive the votes and certify the votes
received ?
Mr. HOWTE. I cannot answer that ques-
tion, perhaps, as well as the Senator from
Iowa can ; but it seems to me another question
is quite as pertinent as that; and that is what
law there is to prohibit these canvassers or
these commissioners of election or anybody
else who sees a ballot put in to put a mark
upon it to identify that particular ballot, so
that when it is opened he may know who threw
that ballot, as the face of the ballot will show
whom it is for?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The answer to that is
that introducing any such principle interferes
entirely with the freedom of election by ballot.
