4148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.July 17,
private in company A, twelfth regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1385) granting a pension
to Roslinda MeCalee, widow of Barney McCa-
lee, deceased, late a private in company I,
tenth regiment New York cavalry volunteers ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 1386) granting a pension
to Iliuman L. Hall;
A bill (H. R. No. 1387) granting a pension
to Elizabeth 6. Hibben, widow of Rev. Samuel
llibben, deceased, late a chaplain in the fourth
cavalry regiment, Illinois volunteers ;
A bill (H. it. No. 1388) granting a pension
to Kate Higgins;
A bill (H. It. No. 1389) granting a pension
to Eliza Donnelly, mother of Dudley Don-
nelly, deceased, late colonel of the twenty-
eighth regiment infantry, New York State vol-
unteers ;
A bill (li. 11. No. 1390) granting a pension
to Michael Keilly ; and
A bill (EL R. No. 1:>!)1) granting a pension
to Jane McNaughton.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Miss Sue
Murphy, reported a bill (S. No. (525) for the
relief of Miss Sue Murphy, of Decatur, Ala-
bama ; which was read, and passed to a second
^Mr" ANTHONY. I hope that bill will be
pnt upon its passage at once, it passed the
Senate unanimously at the last session, but was
lost in the House for want of time.
Mr. OATTELL. The Senate have agreed
to take up Senate bill No. 5-13.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ate have agreed to take up that bill, and so
nothing else can be done except by common
consent until that bill is disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that was not
in order until we got through with petitions and
reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was not
in order except by unanimous consent, and the
Senate gave unanimous consent to take it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it until we
piesent the morning business.
Mr. POMEROY. There were several Sena-
tors who objected to taking up that bill, but
they were not able to make themselves heard,
1 suppose, by the Chair, on account of the
noise.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
certainly did not hear any objection. 1 wish
Senators would object so that 1 can hear them,
and keep the business in order. The bill men-
tioned by the Senator from New Jersey is
beiore the Senate, as he calls it up.
TUMl'OltARY loan CERTIFICATES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
543) to provide for a further issue of tempo-
rary loan certificates for the purpose of redeem-
ing and retiring the remainder of the outstand-
ing compound-interest notes, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Trumbull, to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted. That for tho purpose of
saving the unnecessary payment of interest, anil
reducing tho public debt, the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury is hereby authorized and directed to make sale
of ten millions of the surplus coin in tho Treasury
of the United Btates, oil the lirst Monday of the
montli of August next, and on the first Monday of
every month therealfer, till the amount of coin in
the Treasiny. exclusive of that for which gold cer-
deposit/shall have been sjivon, shall bo
reduced to ilie sum of $10,000,000. the sale to be made
in maimer following: tho Secretary shall give five
tbiys' public notice in one daily newspaper pub-
lished in each ot the cities of Washington and New
Yolk, that sealed proposals for ten millions of gold
coin will beiceeived at the office ol tho Assistant
Treutuivr 111 tho ciiy of New York-, till three o'clock
past meridian oi the day appointed for the sale,
c^ueh proposals shall be addressed to tho Assistant
Tie^uicr at New > ork, and shall bo opened byhnu
ill the presence of such persons as may choose to
attend ;;l the tune designated inthenotiee. Nopro-
posais shall bo received unless accompanied,, by a
e."-ufk-ute ot deposit in the Treasury of the united
Si iiies of live per cent, in currency of the amount of
coin bid for iu such proposal, which shall be received
ill wait pay for the com bid for, m ease the bid is
accepted, and if uotacceptcd shall be returned to the
party who made the bid. Payments may be received
tor coin m currency; and with the cuireney received
he shall purchase and cancel any interest-bearing
indebtedness of the United States, paying theretor
not exceeding its current market value at the tune.
None but the highest bid shall be accepted ior gold;
and in case of different bids at the same rate, saia
bids shall be accepted only j>ro rata ,* and tho Assist-
ant Treasurer, with the approval of the Secretary oi
the Treasury, shall have thenghtto rcject all orany
bids, if deemed by him less than the fair value ot
gold at the time.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
Senator whether this amendment as^ it now
stands is to be voted upon as a substitute or
an additional section'?
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore._ It is an
additional section. It was first offered as a
substitute, but subsequently as an amendment
by way of addition.
Mr. CONKLING. So_ that by adopting it
we do not impair the original bill?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it is offered
as an additional section. v
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ Tho yeas
and nays have been oidered on this amend-
me ut.
The question heing taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, uays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Colo, Conk-
ling, Davis, Brake, Kerry, Howard. Howe, MoCrcery,
Nye, Osborn, Pomoroy, Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull,
Vickers, Wade, and Welch—19.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Cattell Connoss, Cor-
bett, Oraecin, Edmunds, Fessenden, J?relinpthuy0cn,
McDonald, Morgan, Morrill ot Maino, Morrill of
Vermont, Moiton, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Koss, Slierin:m, Sumner, Van Winkle, Willey, Wil-
liams, and \Viison—21.
ABSl'llS T — Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Buokalew,
Dixon, lloolittlo, Fowler, Grimes, Harlan, Hender-
son, llendricks, Norton, Pool, Patterson of Tennes-
see, ltamsey. llico, Baulsbury, Spraguo, 'Tipton,
Wliytc, audYates—-0.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NORTHERN MICHIGAN RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 270.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope wc shall
have an opportunity to make reports.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
will be received. The Chair will consider that
a member offering a report while reports are
in order objects lo everything else.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Senate to take
up this bill and have it read, at least, for I am
very anxious to have it passed at this session.
It is a bill to grant lauds to the Northern Mich-
igan Railroad Company in extension of the
Northern Pacific road.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho Sen-
ator from Michigan asks unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the bill mentioned by
him. Is there any objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS, i hope we shall not take
it up now. I want to look at it. It is a very
important bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it goes over.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. H. No. .541) making appropriations
for the service of the Cslumbut Institution for
the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, and
establishing additional regulations lor the gov-
ernment of tho institution, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Comniillce on Mil-
itary Affairs and tho Militia, reported a bill (S.
No. 027) granting an increase of pension to
Sarah Hackleman, widow of Brigadier General
Pleasant A. Hackleman ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 017) to reduce
the military peace establishment of the United
States, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1227) grant-
ing a pension to Martha Aim Wallace, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 1337) granting
an increase of pension to Prances T. Richard-
son, widow of the late Major General Israel B.
Richardson, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1363) grant-
ing an increase of pension to Emily B. Bid-
well, widow of Brigadier General Daniel D.
Bidwell, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George
Fuerst, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the joint Committee
on Ordnance, submitted a report, accompanied
by testimony taken by the committee; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition oi Margaret
Doyle, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. G28) for the relief of Margaret
Doyle. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (IT. R. No. 341) for the relief of Z.
M. Hall, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
338) exonerating certain vessels of the United
States from the payment of tonnage fees to
consular agents in Canada, reported it without *
amendment.
He also, from the same committee,to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
331) to grant an American register to the
Hawaiian brig Victoria, reported it, without
amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 485) to aid
in the improvement of the Des Moines and
Rock Island rapids, in the Mississippi river,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of underwriters of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred a
petition of citizens of Kentucky, praying an
amendment of the judiciary acts; and the
letter of C. H. Howard, assistant commissioner
of refugees, freedmen, and abandoned lands,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Benjamin Cooley
and James W. Boswell, submitted a report,
accompanied by a joint resolution (S. R. No.
Kio) lor the reliel of Benjamin Cooley and
James W. Boswell. The joint resolution was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 1081) for the relief of John A.
Ncustaedter, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 70) pro-
viding for abatement of duties on merchan-
dise damaged on the voyage of importation,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1427) to establish certain post
roads, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 022) to author-
ize the construction of bridges across the Ohio
river, reported it with amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the memorial
of Ur. Scott Smith, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
EXPLORATIONS OI' YELLOWSTONE IUYJ5R.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
