1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4147
the report of tlie Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the report of Brevet Brigadier General
T. W. liaynolds on the exploration of the
Yellowstone river and the country drained by
that river, havehad itunderconsideration, and
direct me to report it back with an amend-
ment, in the nature of a substitute, and I ask
for its present consideration. The substitute
only need be read.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to strike out all of the resolution after
the word "resolved," and to insert:
That the report proper of General Raynolds upon
his explorations in the valley of the Yellowstone
river be printed, with the map, but without the itlus-
trations; and that three thousand extra copics be
printed and bound for the use of the Senate; and
that the Secretary of the Senate bo directed to return
the appendixes to General Raynolds's report to the
chief engineer of the Army of the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. This report has been
lying in the hands of the committee for a great
while, and a number of Senators have spoken
to us about it, urging the publication ; but we
have declined to report in favor of its publica-
tion on account of the great cost. This is a
work with■ a great many engravings, and an
edition of it would cost not less than $25,000.
We have recommended the publication of the
report proper, without any of the appendixes,
the cost of which will be about twelve hundred
dollars. This report is desired very much by
the people of Dakota, Montana, and northern
Iowa. It gives an account of a region which
is very little known, and which is believed to
abound in valuable minerals and in some tim-
ber that is not to be found anywhere else in
that part of the country. I hope, therefore,
that the resolution will pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
petition recommitted.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the petition
of E. Lockwood, agent for Charles Rosefield,
which was reported upon unfavorably from the
Committee on Claims, be recommitted to that
committee, on the ground that further proofs
have been furnished to the committee, and a
new investigation ought to he made.
The motion was agreed to.
bill introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 028) giving the right of way to certain
railway companies over the military reserva-
tion at Fort Leavenworth; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military xlft'airs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the reports of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the following
bills of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 175) for the relief of Joseph
McGliee Cameron and Mary Jane Cameron,
minor children of La Payette Cameron, de-
ceased ;
A bill (S. No. 382) granting an increase of
pension to Obadiah T. Plum ;
A hill (S. No. 422) granting a pension to
Maria Schwcitzer and the children of Conrad
Schweitzer, deceased ;
A bill (.S, No. 518) granting a pension to
the widow and child of John P. Pelty ;
A bill (S. No. 547) granting a pension to
John Sheets;
A bill (S. No. 814) for the relief of George
T. Brien ;
A bill (S. No. 383) granting a pension to
John A. Weed and Elizabeth J. Weed, minor
children of Robert T. Weed, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 517) granting a pension to the
widow and children of Henry Brown : and
A bill (S. No. 521) granting a pension to the
children of William M. Wooten, deceased.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. G78) making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1869.
vacancies in executive departments.
The message also announced that the House
further insisted on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to the amendment
of the House to the bill (S. No. 352) to author-
ize the temporary supplying of vacancies in
the Executive Departments, further insisted
upon its amendment to said bill, asked a
further conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the said bill, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Bexjamix P. Butler of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. William Lawrence of Ohio,
and Mr. Charles A. Eldridge of Wisconsin,
managers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 352) to au-
thorize the temporary supplying of vacancies
in the Executive Departments, further dis-
agreed to by the House; and
On motion by Mr. CONKLING, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its
amendments to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the said bill further disagreed to by
the House, and agree to the further conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Coxklixg, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. JIc-
Creeiiy.
land office report.
Mr. ANTHONY. A resolution to print
additional copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, and then
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
who have reported it back with an amendment,
to which the Committee on Printing have no
objection ; and it is desirable that that report
should be printed at once, if it is to be printed
at all. I therefore ask that that resolution
may now be acted upon.
The motion was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
jResolved, That five thousand copies be printed for
the use of the Senate, and two thousand copies for
distribution by the General Land Office of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1867, without the sketches or illustrations, and with-
out the maps, except the connected map of the Uni-
ted States.
Resolved further, That an abridgement of tlw report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Oliice for
1867, containing such portions of it as may best
encourage immigration, shall be prepared by him,
without sketches or illustrations, and wilhout^maps,
excepting the connected map of the United States;
and that two thousand copies beprinted for the use of
the General Land Office; and, also, that two thousand
copies in English, three thousand copies in German,
and one thousand copies in jSvrodislu be printed for
distribution in Europe, under the direction of the
Department of State.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the amend-
ment of the Committee on Printing, I believe.
The Committee on Printing had an amend-
ment to that resolution, and the Committee
on Public Lands moved an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Printing thai has
been read.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Punt-
ing struck out the number of copies in French,
and the Committee on Public Lands simply
recommend to restore it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
ittee on Public Lauds, after the word " Grer-
man '' to insert "one thousand copies in
French."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to move one other
amendment to the resolution. This report has
excited more interest than any one that has
been presented this session, and I want the
Senate to understand what we are about to do.
The report came from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, with a number of maps,
very valuable maps, I think, indeed, and if the
Treasury was flush the Committee on Printing
would have recommended their publication;
but in the present condition of the Treasury
we thought so large an expenditure, amount-
ing perhaps to $75,000, would be inexpedient,
and in this the Committee on Public Lands
have agreed with us.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands were very desirous to have the maps
published. They yielded, however, to some
extent, to the pressure brought upon them by
the Senate and the Committee on Printing.
They did not agree unanimously on the ques-
tion of the maps, but they did agree unani-
mously on the question of having some copies
of the report printed in French. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands would recommend, if
the Senate would concur, that the maps be
printed. They think they are very valuable.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should consider it my
duty to oppose that. The Committee on Print-
ing recommended the printing of one map, a
connected map of the United States, which
was already engraved, and the cost of which
would be only the paper and the printing; but
upon revising the estimates I find that the
publication of that map will cost so much, add-
ing to the expense of the printing, that I think
the printing of all the maps had better be post-
poned until some time when the Treasury is in
a better condition to meet the expense. I
therefore move to strike out the words '' ex-
cepting the connected map of the United
States so that no map shall be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will not be
done; we ought to send out a map of the
United States anyhow.
Mr. ANTHON Y. If we had money enough
in the Treasury I would send abroad all the
maps ; but I do not think, in the present con-
dition of the Treasury, we ought to go to such
expense. The cost of printing the maps in all
the editions ordered will not be less than
$10,000, to send abroad a map of the United
States ; and it must be folded up in a pamph-
let, where it cannot be opened and folded baek
half a dozen times without being torn. I do
not believe the map would be of very great
use. I think the publication of the report in
different languages may be of value. They
have maps of this country everywhere. They
are all over the world.
Mr. POMEROY. Any person receiving
this map could take the map out of the pamph-
let, and by pasting it preserve it as a very
valuable map illustrating the territories of the
United States. This Government is a land-
holder, and we cannot expect to dispose ot the
public lands unless we not only advertise them,
but cause maps to be published showing where
they lie, what is their extent, the mountains,
and rivers, &c.—an outline map. That is all
this is. It is not an extensive map. It is
an outline map of the United States. I think
it should go abroad among all the nations.
Mr. STEWART. 1 hope the map will be
published. The report is of very little value
without the map. You cannot understand
what the report refers to without the map.
It is not true that they have in Europe maps
of our country, with the laud divisions, town-
ships, piogress of the surveys, &c., that will
give any idea of the country. A general map
of the coimtiy without any particular localities
is of no value. Our maps are extended by
ihe survey yearly. They change almost in
six mouths. They report merely theprog:less
of the surveys. It is really a part of 1
tory of the country, the most essential thm
. ihat cat. be published; and before tins is passed
