1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the country. Toward the close of the speech
he uttered these significant remarks:
_ " I repeat the question,' Can Louisiana bebrought
into proper practical relation with the Union sooner
by sustaining or by discarding her new State govern-
ment? What has been said of Louisiana will apply
generally to other States; and yet so great peculiari-
ties pertain to each State, and such important and
sudden changes occur in thesame State* and withal,
so new and unprecedented is the whole case, that
no exclusive and inflexible plan can safely be pre-
scribed as to details and collaterals. Such exclusive
and inflexible plan would surely become a new en-
tanglement. Important principles may, and must,
be inflexible.
"In the present situation, as the phrase goes, it
may be my duty to make some new announcement
to the people of the South. Iam considering, and
shall not fail to act when satisfied that action will
be proper."—Mcpherson's History of Rebellion, pages
609-10.
Now, sir, in view of these plain declarations
of President Lincoln, one of them his last pub-
lic utterance, is any one justifiable in saying
that President Lincoln had at the date of his
death ever settled on any fixed plan for recon-
struction? He says in this speech that fixing
on any one plan would doubtless prove in the
future a new entanglement, and he makes this
utterance in perfect harmony with his reply to
you, sir, (addressing the President of the Sen-
ate,) when you anil others on this side of the
Chamber insisted that he should settle on some
fixed plan, that that was the precise thing which
he had been anxious to avoid. He was not
willing to be trammeled by previous opinions,
which, for consistency's sake, the people might
suppose him bound to carry out in practice.
That be would have adopted the leading fea-
tures of the plan proposed in the North Carolina
and subsequent proclamations of President
Johnson I do not doubt. That he would have
disfranchised many or punished criminally any
of the rebels I do not believe. But that he
would have enfranchised a large number, nearly
if not quite all the colored population, in con-
nection with the proclamation of universal
amnesty, I do firmly believe—a belief, however,
growing out of my intercourse and that of oth-
ers with that fallen statesman. This was in
conformity with the views which he had ex-
ressed privately preceding his death. That
e would haveignored alaw of Congress, espe-
cially if it had been adopted by a two-thirds
vote of both branches of Congress, nobody who
knew him can believe for a single moment.
Why, sir, he considered the passage of a bill
which had not become a law a sufficient inti-
mation of the will of this nation to justify him
in adopting it, as has been seen from the pas-
sage which I have read from one of his public
proclamations.
If we are not bound, therefore, as the friends
of President Lincoln, to sustain in its details
and inflexibly the policy of President John-
son, as a kind of administrator, de bonis non,
of the policy of President Lincoln ; if we are
still at liberty, without a breach of consistency,
to do what the best interests of this great nation
may seem to require, the question still recurs,
Congress having the power to legalize these
illegal governments, ought it to be done ? On
that point I propose to read a few passages
from the report of the Committee on Recon-
struction, for the purpose of ascertaining, if I
can, in the light of the facts there set forth,
what the best interests of the country do de-
mand on this subject.
It will be remembered that this committee
was organized by the joint action of the two
branches of Congress, and that they called for
and obtained from the President of the Uni-
ted States all the papers and records and facts
in his possession which he was willing to com-
municate bearing on the subject; and after
perusing these papers and records and exam-
ining these facts the committee proceeded to
subposna and examine a very large number of
witnesses. I find here in this report, judging
from the length of the lists of names, the tes-
timony of about a thousand witnesses taken
from all classes of society, citizens or sojourn-
ers in these States.
After examining these witnesses, including
leaders of the rebel and Union armies and
I
leading men connected with the civil organiza-
tion oi the so-called rebel governments, they
report the following facts:
"In all these States, exeeptTennessee and perhaps
Arkansas, the elections which were held for State
officers and members of Congress hadrcsulted almost
universally in the defeat of candidates who had been
true to the Union and in the ©lection of notorious
and unpardoned rebels—men who could not take the
prescribed oath of office, and who made no secret of
their hostility to the Government and the people
of the United States."
I read also from the same report, page 16,
the following passage:
"Allowed and encouraged by tho Executive to
organize State governments, they at once place in
power leading rebels, unrepentant and unpardoned,
excluding with contempt those who had manifested
an attachment to the Union, and preferring, in many
instances, those who had rendered themselves the
most obnoxious. In the face of the law requiring
an oath which would necessarily exclude all such
men from Federal ofliee<?, they elect, with very few
exceptions, as Senators and Representatives in Con-
gres, men whohad actively participated in the re-
bellion, insultingly denouncing the law as uncon-
stitutional."
On page 17 the committee say:
" They [the witnesses] also testify that without the
protection of United States troops Union men,
whether of northern or southern origin, would be
obliged to abandon their homes."
Again: *
"The general feeling and disposition among all
classes are yet totally averse to the toleration of any
class of people friendly to the Union, be they black
or white; and thisaversionisnot unfrequently mani-
fested in an insulting and offensive manner."
" The witnesses examined as to the willingness of
the people of the South to contribute, under existing
laws, to the payment of thenational debt, prove that
the taxes levied by the United States will be paid
only on compulsion and with great reluctance, while
there prevails, to a considerable extent, an expecta-
tion that compensation will be made for slaves eman-
cipated and property destroyed during the war. The
-testimony on this point comes from officers of the
Union Army, officers of the late rebel army. Union
men of the southern States, and avowed secessionists,
almost all of whom state that, in their opinion, the
people of the rebellious State3 would, if they should
see a prospect of success, repudiate the national
debt,"
Again:
" Southern men who adhered to the Union are bit-
terly hated and relentlessly persecuted. Iu some
localities prosecutions have been instituted in State
courts against Union officers for acts done in the line
of official duty, and similar prosecutions are threat-
ened elsewhere as soon as tho United States troops
are removed." * * * * * * *
44 Unfortunately the general issue of pardons to per-
sons who had been prominent m the rebellion, and
the feeling of kindliness and conciliation manifested
by the Executive, and very generally indicated
through the northern press, had the effect to render
whole communities forgetful of the crime they had
committed, defiant toward the Federal Government,
and regardless of their duties as citizens. The con-
ciliatory measures of the Government do not seem to
have been met even half-way. The bitterness and
defiance exhibited towaid the United States under
such circumstances are without a parallel in the his-
tory of the world."
From this examination the committee came
to the following conclusion :
"That Congress would not be justified in admitting
such communities to a participation in the Govern-
ment of the country without iirst providing such
constitutional or other guarantees as will tend to
secure the civil rights of all citizens of the Republic;
a just equality of representation: protection against
claims founded in rebellion ami crime; a restriction
of the right of suffrage to those who have not actively
participated in the efforts to destroy the Union and
overthrow the Government; and the exclusion from
positions of public trust of at least a portion of
those whose crimes have proved them to be enemies
to the Union and unworthy of public confidence."
To this report I find the following signatures:
W. P. Fessexden, James W. Grimes, Ira Har-
ris, J. M. Howard, and George H. Williams,
on the part of the Senate; and on the part of
the House, Tiiaddecs Stevexs, Elihu B.
Washborne, Justin S. Morrill, John A.
Bingham, Rosuoe Coxklkg, and George 8.
Boutwell ; two of the latter being now hon-
ored members of this body.
These facts, therefore, have been found by
a jury appointed by tho Senate and House of
Representatives composed of those of the
largest experience in statesmanship. They
are not seriously controverted in the minority
report signed by the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] and two members
of the House of Representatives, [Messrs.
10T§
A. J. Rogers and H. Grider. ] They contest
the theory of the-report of the majority, but
do not seriously question the facts, nor could
they, for the testimony of these witnesses is
here recorded and may be perused by any gen-
tleman who chooses to read.
This, then, is the reason why Congress does
not, and cannot justly and with safety, , vitalize
these illegal organizations in the ten States to
which the bill refers. As in the ease of the
organizations previously pronounced void, the
local governments are in the hands of those
who were the leaders in the rebellion, almost
without a single exception; and this report
states, what the dispatches which 1 have here
from the provisional governors state,, that
nearly every member elected to the House oft;
Representatives and to this body was unable
to take what is familiarly styled the test-oath.
And that brings me to consider the statement
made by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hend-
ricks,] that the objections to these organiza-
tions raised by Senators on this side of the
Chamber could not be treated seriously. Here
are his words:
" You cannot say to me that you did not intend
traitors to corno here and sit with you, because you
had passed a law in 1862 saying that no man who had
given aid to the rebellion should sithere. You claim
that law to be valid and constitutional, and that it
keeps out of these Chambers and from every Federal
office every man that participated in the rebellion
or gave it aid or comfort. Then why have you kept
this country distracted, its business"disturbed, tho
hopes of the people depressed, for two years, when
these constitutions with these provisions came to
you, and there was nothing to do but to admit the
States to representation? Answer that question to
the judgment of the country, and your policy of
reconstruction will stand better m popular judg-
ment."
At the time I was in doubt whether the Sen-
ator was serious or whether this should be
treated as a playful remark. I find it, how-
ever, still standing in his reported speech as
above quoted. " It doubtless has been published
by multiplied thousands and scattered over the
country, and therefore we are compelled to
treat it seriously. Let us illustrate the proba-
bility of the effectiveness of this barrier to the
admission of rebel candidates for this and the
other Chamber by current history. Soon after
Congress declared the State of Tennessee in a
condition to be represented in the Senate and
House of Representatives two distinguished
gentlemen, citizens of that State, presented
themselves here, demanding admission. One
of them was admitted at once; but it was
whispered that there was a barrier in the way
of the admission of the other; that the test
oath could not be truthfully taken. In that
oath, Senators will remember, occurs the fol-
lowing clause:
" That X have neither sought nor accepted nor at-
tempted to exercise the iunctions of any office what-
ever, under any authority or pretended authority, in
hostility to the United States."
It was known that one of the Senators elected
from that State had held, under the rebel gov-
ernment of Tennessee, the high and important
office of a judge of a court. He could not,
therefore, take this oatli truthfully, in the
technical words in which it is couched. And
here, in justice to myself and to the Senate,
as well as in justice to that Senator now sitting
as a member of this body, I ought to remark
that I do not impugn to him any improper
motives. But you will remember that the
Judiciary Committee, finding this supposed
barrier across the pathway to his seat, reported,
and the Senate adopted, a joint resolution re-
pealing that clause of the oath for his benefit.
That resolution was non-concurred in by the
House of Representatives. The question was
then remitted to the Senator himself. lie was
called on to decide for himself whether he could
take the oath prescribed in the law to which
the Senator from Indiana referred, and he took
the oath.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. Will the
Senator from Iowa allow me to interrupt him
for a moment?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. The
Senator is mistaken in stating-that that tesolu-
