2100
KEi CON©RESSIQ^AL... &L98S.
March 2:5,
ported which are in conflict with it; and as they are
us-ually received by.thellouse and committed with-
out being read in cxtcnao tiic conflict is' not discov-
ered until they are considered in committee, when it
is too late to make the point."
The SPEAKER. When bills are reported
they are constructively read in externa, and the
poitft ef order must be made at that time.
The Mn'eridfaents of the Senate and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were then reported.
Mr: SGHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. J-U0D. By permission of the gentle-
man from Ohio, I desire to ask the Speaker for
information in regard to a parliamentary.ques-
tion. If the House does not concur in the
recommendation of the committee to non-con-
curin the amendments of the Senate, are those
amendments then open for amendment ?
The SPEAKER. If the House is not acting
under the previous question the amendments
of the Seriate will still be before the House for
further amendment.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio if lie designs to give us an
opportunity to move lo concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate ?
Mr. SPALDING. I suppose that is in order;
is it not ?
Th3 SPEAKER. The Chair will state, in
answer to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] that a motion to concur in an
amendment has priority.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I give no-
tice that I will not yield in the midst of any
explanation that I may he endeavoring to give
to the House. It is impossible to present bills
to the House under such circumstances. I say
this with the most entire regard for what is due
to members of the House and to the House
itself. I have no disposition, nor has the com-
mittee any disposition, to unnecessarily restrict
legitimate inquiry, and I will answer any such
inquiries at the close of my remarks.
Mr. MIELEII. I desire to ask the gentle-
man 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
declines to be interrupted, but will answer
questions at the close.
Mr. SCHENCK. Itis best, perhaps, for the
House first to know the position in which we
eome before it at this time. The committee
was desirous to take this bill out of the morn-
ing hour with a view of considering it when an
opportunity would be had for some three or
four hours' debate. The House refused yester-
day to permit that; we are now left, therefore,
to consider the bill in the morning hour. If
we hold the morning hour and run over from
day to day through successive morning hours
we shall crowd out business which is ready to
be presented to the House from other com-
mittees. I propose, therefore, acting under
this restriction that the House has imposed
upon us, to do this: first to explain the bill as
briefly as I can in the time that is left of the
hour, and to call the previous question before
the hour shall end, submitting to any inquiry
that may be made in regard to the bill after the
explanation submitted on behalf of the com-
mittee. After the previous question is sus-
tained, if it shall be, then, in like manner, we
propose to allow gentlemen to present their
views before the vote is taken, thus securing
two hours at least for the consideration of the
bill without interfering with the morning hour.
I do not know of anything fairer than that.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
colleague will withdraw bis objection, and let
us consider it to-day. We ought to have a
continuous session on this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will submit a proposi-
tion, that by general consent we go on with this
bill until it is disposed of.
Mr. PRICE. What will be the effect of that
upon my right to the floor after the morning
hour expires on the Pacific railroad bill?
Mr. BANKS. If there can be a session on
Saturday for business 1 have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot predict
what will be the action of the House in regard
to Saturday, but it requires unanimous consent
ta order a session fox debataon Saturday ■> other-
wise that day musfc-.be devoted to business.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What will be the effect
of continuing this debate during tli€s day on the
Pacific railroad bill?
The SPEAKER. It will probably come up
nfter the morning hour to-morrow; bat a ques-
tion of privilege may intervene.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must object tQ. the
proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; then I am
compelled to go oil; and 1 give notice that be-
fore the expiration of the-morning hour I shall
demand the previous question, so as to obtain
action on it to-day.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so far as the bill itself is
concerned, it would have been preferred by the
Committee of Ways and Means that the bill
should have been adopted by the Senate as a
clean bill, for reasons which I need not now
repeat, because they were fully heretofore ex-
plained to the House at the time of the intro-
duction of the bill. The Senate has thought
proper, however, to send the bill back to us
with curtain amendments, thus opening the
question whether those amendments shall be
agreed to or non-concurred in, or agreed to
with amendment and what else, if anything,
the House willjamk proper to do in regard to
the matter of/<axatiou as connected with the
bill. /
Vjt will be/remembered that in the original
bin^ve repealed sections nmety-fbnrand ninety-
fivi^i£t/e present law imposing taxes upon
manuraftures at various grades of percentage,
but generally at the rate of five percent., with
the exception of four tilings contained in sec-
tion ninety-four, which were reserved from such
repeal. Those were gas, distilled oils, certain
classes of adulterated wines, and all manufac-
tures of tobacco. The "enate has sent us back
the bill without interfering by amendment so
far as the three latter subjects are concerned ;
but, so far as oil is concerned, they have in-
serted a provision which reduces the tax on
distilled oils to one half its present rate. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend to
the House not to concur in this amendment
of the Senate, and I will state very briefly
why. I am not prepared to say in behalf of
the committee now just what tax we will im-
pose on oil, although our minds are virtually
made up, and our report, so far as that subject
is concerned, as constituting a part of the pro-
visions of the general bill which we intend to
introduce, is ready. But I.will say this: the
committee are of opinion that it will not do to
relieve distilled oils from all taxation and
that being the conclusion of the committee,
they ask this House not to interfere with this
subject in this little bill, if they agree with ns
that oil is one of the subjects to be reserved
for taxation, but to take it out from the relief
to be given to manufactures, and wait until the
general bill covering the whole subject of tax-
ation is introduced, when, as I have before
pledged myself in behalf of the committee,
gentlemen shall have the fullest opportunity
of presenting to the House their amendments
and their reasons in support of their amend-
ments, either reducing the tax or taking it off
altogether. Distilled oils produce now about
five million dollars, and it was because we
could get §5,000,000 from these distilled prod-
ucts of petroleum that we were enabled to
eome to the conclusion that we might relieve
manufactures pretty generally, except so far
as the tax on sales and other special ta\:es
might be concerned.
I know it will he said this amendment of
the Senate is right and just, because this is a
taxation of the " poor man's light—a phrase
coined, I believe, and a very ingenious and
plausible one, by my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scofield,] and upon which the changes
have been rung ever since. In connection
with that I desire to relate a little incident
which occurred in the Committee of Ways and
Means the other day, when we had some twenty
gentlemen representing the oil manufacturers
of the country appearing as a delegation before
that, committee. The_y were intelligent,, .^ell
posted}, full of statistics, and pras&ateji their
case ably and plausibly. In a paper elaborately
prepared, which they read to ug, occurred this
phrase: "The poor, man's light;" and subse-
quently it was pressed upon.us as a ip&tter of
sympathy with the poor, people of the country
that it was. wrong to impose; a, tax s$ all upon
oil which afforded light to all; the masses of the
people of the country. Struck with the way in
which they presented it in this vi§w, keeping
back other considerations that I thought prob-
ably more impelled them to come before, ns,
this conversation was held. I asked the gen-
tleman who was the 'spokesman of the party
and others who were with him, "What is the
price at this time of distilled oil; is it not very
low?" "Ruinously low." "What is it?"
"That depends," said they, "upon the place
of production; if it be near petroleum wells, it
is, of course, less than when transported to more
distant points." "What is it in the eastern
market at this time, taking Philadelphia as the
standard?" "Only,thirty-eight cents; ridicu-
lously cheap." " What was it this time last
year?" "Erom forty-seven to fifty cents."
"Then, gentlemen, itis ten cents cheaper now
than it was this time last year?" "Yes."
'' What was it the year before ; sixty or seventy
cents or more, was it not?" "Yes, very much
higher." "When was the tax of twenty cents
a gallon imposed on it? It was in 18(34, was
it not?" "Yes,itwas." "Then, gentlemen,
this light for the poor man, this oil, has been
going down rapidly ever since the twenty cents
tax was imposed upon it, until it has become
so ridiculously cheap that light was never
afforded at such a rate before!" Well, they
rather squirmed under that view of the subject.
I say now to gentlemen, as I said to those gen-
tlemen then, if they would throw out of view
all this demagogism about its being for the
poor man; that they are interested, and say
that it is the poor manufacturer that they think
is pinched and that his is the interest they rep-
resent, then we shall understand each other
better.
But the fact is that here is a commodity,
used generally for purposes of light, the
price of which, under the influence of this
taxation, has been brought down and down,
until the manufacturers themselves admit that
it affords about the cheapest light in the world,
and they claim that it is so.
Now, what is the reason it has become so
cheap? It may be said that the honest man-
ufacturer is imposed upon, because there are
a great many products of illicit distillation of
oil sent out upon the country which, as in the
case of whisky, bring the price down, so that
it is ruinous to the honest manufacturer. Well,
that is, so, to a certain extent. I have always
said that the interest of the honest manufac-
turer is in all cases precisely the interest of the
Government. What then ? Instead of being
an argument for taking off the tax it ought to
be an argument for protecting the honest dis-
tiller of oil from these fraudulent products of
illicit distillers and mixers.
And 1 feel now authorized to say that at the
beginning of the winter just passed, when these
oil men came before us, they all concurred in
saying that nothing could better bear a tax
than distilled oil. And all tliey wanted was
just this sort of protection. The committee
have been for some time past very assiduously
engaged in endeavoring to frame a provision
in the general bill which we think will have the
effect to prevent these fraudulent and danger-
ous distillations and mixtures of oil.
Now, for this reason, and for the further rea-
son that if oil is to be taxed at all it is better
that it shall not be ranked among those things
which are now the subjects of entire relief
from taxation, but it shall be reserved to be
acted upon when we come to act upon the gen-
eral tax bill—for these reasons the committee
have recommended non-concurreuce in this
proposed amendment of the Senate,
I wish, therefore, to be understood. The
i committee expect to be compelled, in behalf
