1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
February' 10,
tion was reported by the Judiciary Committee.
It was a resolution offered by the chairman of
that committee after the report was made.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so. I am
gratified to be corrected. - .
Mr. PATTERSON, of Tennessee. •- The Ju-
diciary Committee reported ithat I,could take
the oath; but the chairman; of the Judiciary
Committee thought there .was a technical ob-
jection, and he submitted a resolution to modify
the oath so far as I was concerned. It passed
the Senate almost unanimously, and went-to
the House, and there was defeated. I took the
oath. I could do it again. I could do it every
day. That is the history of the transaction.
Mr. HARLAN. lam obliged to the Senator
for the explanation. I do not wish to be un-
derstood by him as saying that he violated his
own conscience in taking that oath. I doubt
not but that he adopted the old scriptural adage
that '• whilst the letter kill-eth, the spirit maketh
alive." He could not take the oath in these
technical terms truthfully; but he was con-
scious of his own patriotism ; he knew that he
had accepted and held that office for the pro-
tection of the Union men of Tennessee-who
were his neighbors; and believing himself jus-
tified in accepting the office for that laudable
and patriotic purpose, he did not consider that
it came in conflict with his conscience when the
'.oath was presented him in this precise form.
But, sir, I present this case to show that that
oath, even when it cannot be taken truthfully,
according to its terms, is not a barrier to admis-
sion to a seat in this Chamber or in the other
branch of Congress.
Why, sir, we have another case pendinghere
now: a Senator-elect from the State of Mary-
land, standing at the bar of the Senate demand-
ing admission to his seat. In the discussion
thus far it has been stated on this side of the
Chamber, and I think not seriously called in
question, that during the whole progress of the
war his sympathies were with the rebels; that
he permitted a minor son, knowingly to him-
self, to enter the rebel service is not ques-
tioned. That he advanced means to enable
him to do so is testified to by the son himself;
doubtless under the conviction on his part that
to make war against the Government of the
-United States was not a high crime or .misde-
meanor that would blight the conscience and
blast the reputation of that son of his. Believ-
ing that he could do it with comparative, if
not en lire innocence, and the boy having failed
to collect money from the sale of a water craft,
and that fact coming to the knowledge of the
father the night preceding the son's departure,
the father advanced him means which the boy
used in wending his way to the rebel army.
And yet, in the face of these facts, it is seri-
.ously insisted on the other side of the Cham-
ber, and not repelled with much vigor from
this, that it is a question for the conscience of
the applicant himself, and if he can conscien-
tiously take the ©ath then he may he admitted.
Let me illustrate this by a reference to a
scrap of history connected with proceedings in
Maryland. I-n that State, under the State laws,
an oath was prescribed to be taken by any can-
didate for the exercise of the right of suffrage,
if challenged. The law was enacted, and the
oath prescribed, to prevent the returned rebel
soldiers from voting. It was not deemed by the
loyal people of Maryland to be safe to permit
returned rebel soldiers to exercise this right,
and thus shape the policy of a loyal State of
the Union. These rebels when they found this
barrier across their pathway to the ballot-box,
sought legal council, and, among others, took
the opinion of the able—I may say the illus-
trious—Senator now sitting m this Chamber
from that State. He advised that that law pre-
scribing the oath was itself unconstitutional;
that the courts would doubtless hold it to be
void; and therefore that the applicant could
take that oath without violating his conscience
or incurring justly the pains and penalties of
perjury. Moreover, if I remember correctly
the statement of that opinion, as published at
the time, the Senator asserted that it was in a
certain sense the duty of the citizen to take the
oath when in no other mode could he be able
to exercise his undoubted right as a citizen of
that State. And they did take it;and enough
of them voted to overthrow the policy of the
State of Maryland; so that all the Union men
of that State who were elevated to place and
power have been and are being turned out; and
■a very short time since so complete was this
revolution that in the election <i£a successorto
the honorable Senator he was able to receive
but one or two votes; so soon did the bitter
fruits of his unwise counsel return to the lips
of the. man who gave it.
Now, sir, we are asked to trust to the suffi-
ciency of this oath to protect the Senate and
House of Representatives from the ingress of
rebel Senators and members-elect, when every
Senator on that side of the Chamber has in-
sisted that this law, like the law of Maryland
on the same subject, is unconstitutional and
void.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I participated some-
what in the debate on Governor Thomas's case,
and as I was a member of the committee who
reported upon that case, perhaps the Senator
may refer to my views upon that question ; and
if so he does not correctly state them. My
views upon the constitutionality of that law
were expressed in the Senate some two or
three years ago; but always when the question
has been before the Senate I have said this:
that while that law remained upon the statute-
book I should not vote to allow any man to
take his seat if in taking that seat he had to
swear falsely in that oath ; that I thought such
a man ought not to be admitted.
Mr. HARLAN. Doubtless the Senator
states his own opinion correctly; but I wish
to ask him whether, when the bill requiring
that oath -was pending here in this Chamber,
he thought it was unconstitutional?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not a member
of the Senate when that bill passed, and so
could not express any view either in debate or
by a vote; but after I came into the Senate,
when the .question was up in regard, perhaps,
to the seat of Mr. Bayard, of Delaware, I ex-
pressed the opinion, which I yet entertain, that
Congress can add no qualifications to those
qualifications of a Senator of the United States
defined in the Constitution. But I have said
this—then, now, and all the time—that while
that law remains upon the statute-book I will
not vote to admit any man to a seat on this
floor who would be compelled to swear falsely
in taking the oath which would entitle him to
a seat.
•Mr. HARLAN. I repeat the Senator doubt-
less states his own opinion correctly. Never-
theless, he insists here that in his opinion this
law is unconstitutional. It is the only barrier
between seats in Congress and the rebel Sen-
ators and Representatives elected from these
ten States; and yet he lifts this law to the
public gaze as a sufficient obstacle, because he
himself would not vote to permit them to vio-
late this oath, if they could not take it without
violence to the truth, when he knows that the
same question has been submitted to the masses
of the people of Maryland, and that by multi-
plied thousands they have taken the oath. He
knows, moreover, that nearly every Senator
and member elect from these ten States is
unable to take the oath truthfully.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says I
know a state of facts in regard to Maryland of
which I have heard nothing. I never Beard
that this oath was submitted to the people of
Maryland. I do not wish him to attribute to
me any knowledge of any such business that I
know nothing of.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not said I derive
my knowledge on that subject from the Senator
from Indiana. I derive it from current his-
tory, which I apprehend the Senator will not
seriously call in question.
To pursue the line of my remarks, it is
known to him and known to every sitting
member of this body that nearly every Sen-
ator and member elect from those ten States
is unable truthfully-Ho take that oath." I hate
here a telegram from the provisional governor
of Georgia,, itf-which he informs the President
of the United States that no one of them from
that State ean do so, and that all the' members
of the State constitutional convention are .in the
.same condition. This is true of nearly all the
members of these bodies of State ^fficers and
members and Senators elect, But they believe,
as does the Senator, that this law. is unconsti-
tutional. With them, therefore?, this oath will
not prove an insurmountable obstatfe.
They would maintain thafcitis a question for
eaeh member and Senator-elect tp settlefor him-
self, as itwasleft to the Senator from Tennessee
to settle for himself in-the case tci which I have
previously referred. And if left to those mem-
bers and Senators elect to settle, «aeh for him-
self, they believing the la,w unconstitutional,
who can doubt that every one of them would
swallow it? Otherwise, why were they clccted?
They doubtless all knew > before they were
elected that their names were being used as
candidates. Why did they -not deeline these
elections if they regarded themselves as ineli-
gible? Ah, sir, why did the people < of those
States elect them to seats in the other House?
Why did the Legislatures elect them to seats in
this Ghamber? If they knew of the existence
of this law, and believed, as the Senator-from
Indiana now says.he believes, that it is, or
ought to be, considered a barrier to admission:,
why did they not publish their ineligibility and
permit the people and the Legislatures to elect
men who could accept the offices? Would an
honorable man under thirty years of age per-
mit the Legislature in his State to elect him to
a seat in this body knowing himself to be in-
eligible? And would members of the Legisla-
tures, knowing of this ineligibility under the
Constitution and laws of United States, throw
away their votes ?
Sir, it is manifest, as plain as the light of
the blazing sun at noon-day, that every one of
these men expected to be admitted to his seat,
either by swallowing the oath or by securing
the repeal of the law; or more probably by
evading it in the mode proclaimed at one time
as a part of the policy of the supporters of the
present Executive. It has been declared, and
never authoritatively denied, that one object
of stumping the United States by the Execu-
tive of this nation and several of his heads of
Departments was to secure the election of a
sufficient number in the North holding kin-
dred views with the Senator from Indiana and
the rebels of the South, so that when united
with those elected from the South they would
form a majority of the members of the other
branch of Congress; and on the first day of
the present Fortieth Congress they were ex-
pected to convene in that Hall with their certifi-
cates of election in their pockets, when each
man would be the peer of his neighbor, and
they, being in the majority, would organize
that body, communicate with the President,
secure his recognition, and then compel the
Senate to receive their colleagues or block the
wheels of the national Government. The prob-
abilities of this may be argued, as it seems to
me, from the marked similarity of views, ex-
pressed here and elsewhere, entertained by the
leading members of the Senate on that Side of
the Chamber and of their political associates
in the country.
And here I wish to do one class of Demo-
crats justice. In these remarks I refer only
to that portion of them usually denominated
copperheads. They and the rebels all believe
that these States to which the biH refers had
the right to secede. They believe that Presi-
dentBuchananinterpreted the Constitution and
laws correctly in his official message to Con-
gress when he said that he failed to discover in
the Constitution power in this Government to
coerce the obedience of seceding States. These
men, North and South, have maintained uni-
formly that the war prosecuted by the Govern-
ment of the United States to coerce obedience
was illegal, and that all laws enacted by Congress
for this purpose ought to be treated as void;
