THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Indeed, the word u misdemeanor" has a
common-law, a parliamentary, and a 'popular
act of Parliament. The power of impeachment for
offenses against the State has been distinctly and
continuously maintained.
The case of the Earl of Clarendon sustains this posi-
tion. On the 10th July, 1663, the Earl of Bristol, with-
out any action of the Commons, presented to the
House of Lords "articles of high treason and other
misdemeanors" against the Lord Chancellor. One
whs—
"That being in places of high trust, &c., ho hath
traitorously and maliciously endeavored to alienate
the hearts of his majesty's subjects from him by words
of his own." * * * * "That his majesty
was inclined to popery, and had a design to alter the
religion established in this kingdom."
The statute 13, Charles II, chapter 1, provides
that if any person shall maliciously affirm the king
to be a-heretic, a papist, or that he endeavors to in-
troduce popery, eveiy per&on shall be disabled to hold
office, &c.
The Lords ordered the Chief Justice and judges
to—
" Considor whether the said charge hath been
brought in regularly and legally, and whether it may
be proceeded in, and how, whether there be any
treason m it or no."
The judges reported that they did not consider the
question whether the impeachment could be pro-
ceeded m or not if it came from the Commons, but as
the statute of 1 Henry IV, chapter fourteen, provides
that "all appeals of things within the realm shall be
tried and determined by the laws of the court," arti-
cles of impeachment could not be preferred " by the
said earl or any private person," that appeals meant
" accusation by single persons," The judges then
say:
" That there was no treason in the charge, though
the matters in it are alleged to be traitorously done.
The gieat charge" * * * * "was that
ho did traitorously and maliciously to bring the king
into contempt, and with an intent to alien the peo-
ple's affections from him, say," &c. * * *
' * "And in like manner was most of the articles
upon which the character of treason seemed to be
fixed. I said that it is a transcendent misprision or
offense to endeavor to bring the king into contempt,
or to endeavor to alienate thepeople'saftectionsfroin
him, but yet H was not treason." * * ^ * *
"Wo did not meddle with anything concerning ac-
cusing lnm of misdemeanor.''
And so the Loids resolved, concurring in all these
opinions, (6 Howard's State Trials, 318, 346.)
The Commons afterward presented articles of im-
peachment.
November 10, 1867, Sir 11. Howard, in discussing
the heads of charges in the Commons, said:
"Though common law has its proper sphere, it is
not" in this place—we ai e in a higher sphere."
November 11. The Commons resolved to impeach
and notified the Lords, and demanded that Claren-
don be sequestered from Parliament and committed.
(6 Howell, 395.)
The Lords refused until the articles should bo pre-
sented; and before the question was settled Claren-
don escaped to the continent, and the statute 19
Charles II, chapter ten, of December 12, banished
him.
The Lords therefore decided nothing.
Among the articles agreed on in the House were
these:
IX. That he introduced an arbitrary government
in his majesty's plantations, and hath caused such as
complained therof before his majesty and coiinsel to
be long imprisoned for so doing.
XI. That he advised and effected the sale of Dun-
kirk to the French king, being part of his majesty's
dominions, together with ammunition, artillery, and
all sorts of stores there, and for no greater value
than the said ammunition, artillery, and stores were
worth.
XVII, That he was a principal author fff the fatal
counsel of dividing the fleet about June, 3666.
The case of the Earl of Orrery proves nothing as to
the law.
November 25,1669, a petition was presented in the
House of Commons charging the Earl with—
" liaising moneys by his own authority upon his
majesty's subjects, defrauding the king's subjects of
their estates. The money raised was tor bribing hungry
courtiers to come to his ends, and if the king would
not ho had fifty thousand swords to compel them."
The earl answered in person an d denied the charges.
Then—
" The question being propounded that a day be ap-
pointed lor the accusers to produce witnesses to make
good the charge," * * * * * it was neg-
atived—121 to 118."
It, was then resolved—
" That the accusation against the Earl of Orrery be
left to be prosecuted at law."
It never was prosecuted. (6 Howell, State Trials,
015.)
Sir Adam Blair was impeached in 1690 by the Com-
mons—
" For dispersing [distributing] a seditious and trea-
sonable paper, printed and entitled ' A declaration
ot King James II.'"
On the question whether articles of impeachment
should be preferred,Mr.Hawles said:
" I do not think this to be a plain case of treason
by statute 25 Edward III. I do say no court can
judge this offense to be treason ; and that statute did
plainly not bind the superior court of4l\irliament but
the inferior only. The proper way is to judge this
high trea-son; and therefore I am tor proceeding by
impeachment."
And it was resolved to impeach of high treason.
sense. In the parliamentary sense, as applied
to officers, it means u maladministration'' or
April 7,1690, he was admitted to bail, and at the
next session of Parliament he was discharged from
bail.
Here was a case in whieh there was clearly no trea-
son under the statute, and yet the Commons resolvod
that he should be impeached and so far decided that
he was guilty of an impeachable, though not an in-
dictable crime, and whieh they called treason; adopt-
ing the idea prevailing at'the time as to constructive
treason, but which might as well have been simply
called an impeachable misdemeanor. <12 Howell,
State Trials, 1213.)
Thomas, Earl of Macclesfield, Lord High Chancellor
of England, was tried in May,1725, before the House
of Lords, on articles of impeackmeul, charging that
he—
"In the office of chancellor did illegally and cor-
ruptly insist upon and take of divers persons great
sums of money in order to and before their admis-
sion into their offices of master m chancery," to
which he appointed them.
The answer was that the sums of money received
wore presents—
"Reckoned among the ancient and known per-
quisites" * * * * "and never before
looked upon to be criminal;  *■***
" that the giving or receiving a present on such occa-
sion is not criminal in itself, or by the common law of
the realm, and that there is not any act of Parliament
whatsoever by which the'same is made criminal or
subject to any punishment or judgment."
Replication that" the charge ot high crimes and
mis-dcmcanors is true."
Jn the argument it was insisted by tho managers
that the acts complained of violated tho statutes of
5 and 6 Edward VI, chaptcr 16, against selling
offices, and violated the oath prescribed by statute
12 Richard II. (Moor, 781, Stoekwith & Worth.)
But jls a question of parliamentary law it was as-
serted, and not controverted, that acts may be im-
peachable which are not indictable by common law
or actot Parliament.
Mr. Sergeant Pcngelly, May 21,1725, said:
"Your lordships are now exercising a power of
judication reserved intheoriginal frame of the Eng-
lish constitution for the punishment of offenses of a
public natuie which may affect the nation, as well in
instances where the inferior courts have nopotoer to
punish the crimes committed by the ordinary rules of
justice as in cases within the jurisdiction of the courts
of Westminster Hall, where the person offending is
by his degree raised above the apprehension of dan-
ger from a prosecution carried on in the more usual
course ol justice, and whose exalted station requires
the united accusation of all the commons of Great
Britain by their representatives 111 Parliament.
"This high jurisdiction may be exorcised for the
preservation of the rights of the Lor^is and Commons
against the attempts ofpowciful evil ministers who
depend upon the favor of tho Crown; or it may be
put in execution for the ease and relief of a good
prince whose honor has been betrayed by a corrupt
servant, and yet whose clemency makes him unwill-
ing to punish; so that it becomcs nccessary lor his
faithful Commons to take into their care the protec-
tion of such an offender.
" Former reigns have supplied your journals with
many examples of the first kind. The present reign
produces an instance of the latter sort, wherein the
Commons bring before your lordships in judgment a
peer offending: with the greatest ingratitude against
a most just and most merciful sovereign." (6State
Trials, (Margrave.) 733.)
And again it was said:
" My lords, if the misdemeanors of which the earl
impeached stands accused were not crimes by the
ordinary rules of l<iwu\ inferior courts, as they have
been made out to be, yet they would be offenses of a
jtubhe nature against tha welfare of the subject and tho
common good of the kingdom, committed by the
highest officer of justice and attended with so great
and immediate loss to a multitude of sufferers, and
as such they would demand the exercise of the ex-
traordinary jurisdiction vested in y our judication for
tha public safety by virtue whereof your lordships can
indict that degree and kind of punishment which no
other court can impose." (Page 746; 6 State Trials,
(llargrave,) 477, London, 1777. Same case, 16 How-
ell's State Trials, 823; and see 4 Campbell's Lord
Chancellors, 536; 15 (sixth N. S.) American Law Re-
gister. 266.)
He was convicted.
Loid Melville was impeaclicd before tho Lords in
1806 for that, as treasurer of the navy, he had used
the public money for purposes of private gain, prior
to and since the statute of June, 1785. (25George III,
chapter 31.) It was conceded that he had properly
accounted for all money; that he had properly paid
all demands upon him as treasurer; that ithad even
been down to a certain period—
" Irreproachable to those who exercised that office
to make use of th-e public money wnich passed
through their hands." (Asperne'a Report, 6.)
There was no complaintof any public act " against
the welfare of the subject or the common good, or
subversive of any fundamental principle of govern-
ment.
He could not, therefore, be impoached unless he
was indictable at common law or had violated a
statute, to do which is by the common law indict-
able. The managers insisted that his conduct was
an offense at common law, and t-mee the statute of
June, 1785, a violation of that act. (Asperne's Re-
port, 138.)
He denied the charges. After hearing evidence
questions were put to the judges:
1. Whether money issued from tho exchequer to
u misconduct," not necessarily indictable,* not
only in England, but in the United States.*!
the credit of the treasurer of the navy in the Bank
of England may be lawfully drawn therefrom by him
for the purpose of paying bills actually drawn, upon
the treasurer, but not yet actually, presentedj.aud
whether money so drawn may be deposited with a
banker until the payment of such bills, and for the
purpose of paying them; or whether-such acts are
m law a crime or offense.
Answer. The judges answered that such drawing
and deposit of money wore lawful and no crime. '
2. Whether moneys issued from the exchequer to
the credit of the treasurer of the navy .in the Bank
of Eugland maybe lawfully drawn therefrom byhim
to be ultimately applied to navy services, but in the
meantime and until required for the purpose of
being deposited with a private banker in the name
and under the control of his (Melville's) private
clerk.
Ansieer. The judges answered thatif the object of
drawing the money from the Bank of England was
to deposit it with a private banker it was not lawful,
although intended to bo and in fact ultimately ap-
plied to naval service; but if so deposited bona fide
as the means or supposed means of more conven-
iently applying the money to naval services the
money may be lawfully drawn.
3. Whether it was lawful for the treasurer, before
the statute 25 George III, chapter 31, (and especially
as his salary had been augmented b^the king's war-
rantin fuilsatisfactiori of all wages, fees, and profits.)
to apply money impressed to him for naval services
to any other use whatever, public or private, and
whether such application would have been a misde-
meanor punishable by information or indictment.
The judges answered it was not unlawful, so aS'to
constitute a mis-demeanor punishable by information
or indictment.
The form of these questions implies that Melville
had not used the public money for private purposes
since tho statute of 25 George III, chapter 31, and it
was not at common law a misdemeanor to do so prior
to the statuto.
The case was one not calling for any decision of
the general question whether an act to be impeach-
able mustbc indictable, norwas any such proposition
discussed. The Lords decided he was not ffuilty.
The first charge against Judge Humphreys was for
advocating secession in a public spcech, December
29, I860, which was no crime by common or statute
law, and yet he was impeached and removed. Thoro
was no rebellion then and no "confederate" gov-
ernment. (4 Cranch, 75; 1 Dallas. 35: 2 Wallace, jr.,
139; 2 Bishop> Criminal Law, 1186-1204; 23 Boston
Law Reporter, 597,705; 1 Bishop, 514; Burr's Trial,
Coombe's edition, 322.
*" On the 16th of October, 1667, the House being
informed that there have been some innovations of
late in trials of men for their lives and deaths, and in
some particular cases restraints have been put upon
juries in the inquiries, this matter is referred to acom-
mittee. On the 18th of November this committee are
empowered to receive information against the Lord
Chief Justice Kelynge, for any other misdemeanors
besides those concerning juries; and on the 11th of
December, 1667,this coinmittcorepoitseveral resolu-
tions against the Lord Chief Justice Kelynge, of ille-
gal and arbitrary proceedings in his office. The first
of these resolutions is that the proceedings of the
Lord Chief Justice^ in the cases now< reported are
innovation* in the trial of men for their lives and liber-,
ties; and that ho hath used an arbitrary and illegal
power, which is of dangerous consequence to the
lives and liberties of the people of England, and tends
to the introducing of an arbitrary Government. The
Lord Chiet Justice hath undervalued, vilified, and
contemned Magna Charta, the great preserver of our
lives, freedom, and property." (4 Ilatsel Prec., 113,
cited 2 Chase's Trial, 461.J
One of the resolves against Chief Justice Scroggs
was, "That the discharging the grand jury by'the
Court of King's Bench in Trinity term last before
they had finished their presentments was illegal,
arbitrary, and a high misdemeanor." (iHatsel, 127; 7
State Trials, 479.)
"Misprisions which arc merely positive are gone-
rally denominated contempts or high misdemeauors,
of which—
" 1. The first and principal is the maladministration
of such high offices as are m publictrustand employ-
ment. This is usually punished by the method of
parliamentary impeachment." (4 lilackstone, 121.)
fin Senate, July 8, 1797, it was " Resolved, That
William Blount, esq., one of the Senators of the
United States, having been guilty of a high misde-
meanor, entirely inconsistent with his public trust
and duty as a Senator, be, and he hereby is, expelled
from tho Senate of the United States." (Wharton's
State Trials, 202.)
He was not guilty of an indictable crime, (fttory
on the Constitution, sec. 799, note.)
The offense charged, Judge Story remarks, was
not defined by any statute of tho United States. It
was an attempt to seduce a United States Indian in-
terpreter from his duty, and to alienate the alloc t ions
and conduct of the Indians from the public officers
residing among them."
Blackstone says: "The fourth species of offense
more immediately against the king and Government
are entitled misprisions and contempts. Misprisions
are, in the acceptation of our law, generally under-
stood to be all such high offenses as are under the
degree of capital, but nearly bordering thereon.
* * * * "Misprisions which are merely
positive are generally denominated contempts or
high misdemeanors, of which the first and principal is
tho maladministration of such high offices as arc in
