1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ion
and, consequently, that the debt incurred in the
support of the Army and Navy during .the pros-
ecution of this war was illegally contracted;
and therefore ought not to be' paid. They
maintain, further, that these States having been
illegally invaded, they having been interfered
with by force in the enjoyment of a constitu-
tional right, they had the undoubted right to
repel force with force; that the war on their
part was legal and constitutional; that and the
debt therefor contracted in its support was a
legal debt, morally and constitutionally bind-
ing. They maintain, moreover, in the North
and in the South, as represented in this Cham-
ber, that the emancipation of slaves by the
national Government was unconstitutional;
that the destruction of the property of private
individuals by the Union armies was unjusti-
fiable, both in violation of law and the policy
usually pursued by civilized nations, and there-
fore that these sufferers have a right to indem-
nity.
Now, sir, entertaining these views as I doubt
not they do conscientiously and honestly, per-
mit the representatives of these opinions from
these ten States of the South and those who
concur with them from the northern States to
secure a majority of the two branches of Con-
gress, and who can doubt but that they will fol-
low this theory 'to its inevitable, irresistible,
logical consequences ? And hence they testi-
fied before the Reconstruction Committee that
if they had the power they would evade the
paymentof the national debt; and if they had
power they would secure payment for their
slaves and for property destroyed during the
war. Then, sir, was not the precaution indi-
cated by that committee and since observed by
Congress a wise and a justifiable precaution,
unless we desire not only to place the local
governments of those States in the hands of
the enemies of the Republic, but to place the
legislation of Congress also as completely under
their control?
But here I am met with the remark that there
are but few of them; that these ten States would
be entitled to but twenty Senators, and perhaps
about forty-eight or fifty members of the other
House, and if they were admitted, even if they
did evade this test-oath or swallow it, they could
do but little harm, because the majority from
the other States would be so large that they
could at any time vote them down. Let me
test the wisdom of such a remark. In nearly
every State there is a law disfranchising felons.
Do the Legislatures of the States suppose
that in any one of these States the felons are
in a majority, and that the honest men could
not at any time vote them down if they were
not disfranchised? Then why so uniformly do
we find such a provision on the statute-books
of the States? Because the people desire to
preserve the purity of the ballot-box, as well as
a patriotic representation in their local offices
and the offices of the Federal Government.
Here, then, even in that case it is possible that,
one rogue disfranchised, if he had the right to
vote, might hold the balance of power in the
election of State officers; might control the
character of the Legislature, and might, there-
fore, control the character of the representa-
tive of the State in this Chamber. How much
more, therefore, is it possible—yea probable—
that twenty members of thisbody andfiftymcnv
bers of the other House might hold the balance
of power, especially taken in connection with
the fact that I have recited? In the face of this
uniformity of opinion by the Democracy of the
North and West, and the rebels of the South,
on these grave questions of the validity of the
national debt and the right of the rebels to
vitalize their debt, and to secure payment for
their slaves and property destroyed during the
war, who can pretend that it would not be dan-
gerous to place twenty more men in this Cham-
ber entertaining such views, and fifty more in
the other branch of Congress?
If, then, this Government is justifiable in
refusing to vitalize these illegal State organi-
sations ; if it is neccssary for the protection of
the people, in order that they may not be here-
after saddled with an immensely augmented
national debt, we come to the inquiry, whether
we have the power to do so. That has been
partially disposed of in the remarks which I
have*already submitted; but I now address
myself to it directly, because the constitution-
ality of all these measures has been called in
question so directly by so many Senators during
this discussion. They do not express it as their
opinion merely that these laws are unconstitu-
tional: they declare it as an admitted fact.
Moreover, they declare that the majority in this
and the other branch of Congress enacted these
laws knowing them to be unconstitutional.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
said that it had been admitted by leading mem-
bers of this and the other branch of Congress
that these enactments were outside of the pro-
visions of the Constitution. When this was dis-
claimed by every Senator to whom he alluded,
he was compelled, being thus driven to the wall,
to retire under a newspaper copy of a letter
supposed to have been written by the great
Commoner from Pennsylvania. He was not
here to answer for himself. Had he been, I
doubt not he, too, would have maintained that
he never made such an utterance; that is that
they were enacted outside of the Constitution,
in the sense of being in conflict with it.
But it has been charged by several of these
Senators that those on this side of the Cham-
ber have voted for these laws and sustained
this policy for partisan purposes. In ordinary
times I should regard this as a very grave
charge. Ten members on that side of the
Chamber, in a full Senate, charge forty-three on
this side with knowingly, willfully, trampling
under their feet the fundamental law of the
nation, violating their oaths of office, sitting
here with blighted consciences before God;
and, if the allegation be true, deserving noth-
ing so much as the scorn of all honest men.
Sir, whence did these ten Senators derive au-
thority to sit in judgment upon the forty-three?
Is it because they know so much more than
their associates here ? Is it because their con-
sciences are so much more pure? Is it be-
cause they have manifested patriotism of a
character so much higher? Is it because they
have displayed knowledge of constitutional
law of a character so" much more profound ?
However exalted these Senators may be in all
these respects, I maintain they are no more—
I do not desire to say they are any less—than
the peers of those on this side of the Chamber.
Are not the avenues of knowledge equally open
to those who differ with them in opinion?
When they say that the forty-three violate will-
fully and knowingly the Constitution of the
United States for partisan purposes. I am
amazed that Senators of their acuteness do
not perceive that they bring into requisition a
catapult that can be brought to bear with equal
vigor against the wall of their own castle. Do
men usually display greater zeal or makelarger
sacrifices to continue in power than they do to
acquire place ? If so, the philosophers from
the beginning of civilization have been at fault
in supposing that a hungry swarm of flies
was more dangerous than the one previously
satiated.
But, sir, are their views sustained by any
other department of the Government? I do
not remember having noticed any decision
pronounced by any of the courts of the United
States calling in question the constitutionality
of these laws. An opinion, I know," has been
cited here, pronounced in what is familiarly
known as the Milligan case in Indiana, which
is supposed to question the validity of some
law of the United States. I inquire what
law? When you come to review that opinion,
you will find the court decided that there was
no law authorizing the organization ot a mili-
tary court in Indiana under the circumstances
that then existed, not that Congress had
enacted a law on that subject which they found
to be in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States, but there was a total absence
of congressional action. j
It is true that some of them, .one or two, 11
believe, of the judges, did what the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Tuumbull] describes as
"slopping over," and advanced the opinion
that Congress could not pass such a law. Well,
sir, whether Congress could or could not pass
a law authorizing a military court to sit in In-
diana in time of peace, is not the question
before the country nor the question under
consideration by me. The question is, Did the
court hold in that case that any law of Con-
gress on the statute-book assuming to authorize
that military court was in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States? They rendered
no such decision.
The next case that I can now recall is the
decision said to have been given by Justice
Miller, of the United States Supreme Court in
St. Louis, calling in question the constitu-
tionality of the test-oath, to which I have pre-
viously referred. In that case the court held
that in its application to cases arising out of
facts that existed previous to the passage of the
law the law was void—not void generally on
account of being in conflict with the provisions
of the Constitution of the United States, but
being in the nature of an ex post facto law its
provisions could not be properly applied to
cases growing out of facts that existed before
the law was enacted. This and the case pre-
viously referred to are the strongest if not the
only decisions that I have heard cited; and#
neither of them decides that Congress has sur-
passed its constitutional authority. Why, sir,
in several other cases, copies of the reports of
which I have here, and to some of which T
have previously referred, the courts maintain
specifically that these laws arc constitutional.
I hold in my hand the report of a ease that
occurred recently in Maryland, in which the
Chief Justice of the United States, sitting as the
circuit judge, held as follows:
"If this were otherwise, theindenture set forth in
the return does not contain important provisions for
the security and benefit of the apprentice which are
required -by the laws of Maryland in indentures of
white apprentices, and is, therefore, a contravention
of that clause of the first section of the civil rights
law, enacted by Congress on the 9th of April, 1866,
which assures to all citizens, without regard to race
orcolor,' the full and equal benefit of all proceedings
for the security of porson and property as is enjoyed
by white citizens.'
"4. This law, having been enacted under thosecond
clause of the thirteenth amendment, in enforcement
of the lirstclause of thesameamendment, is constitu-
tional and applies to all conditions prohibited by it,
whether originating in transactions before or since
its enactment.
"5. Colored persons, equally with white persons, are
citizens of the United States.
"The petitioner, therefore, must bedischarged from
restraint by the respondent."
Here the Chief Justice holds directly, and
pronounces in so many words, that the civil
rights bill is constitutional. I have another
case here, among the multitude that might be
produced, of a decision rendered by Justice
Swayne in a case originating in Kentucky; a
case criminal, 1 believe, in its character, in
which some white men broke into the house
of a colored woman. The perpetrators of this
offense were arraigned before the State courts.
The woman appeared as a witness, and under
the laws of Kentucky was excluded from tes-
tifying. Under the civil rights bill the case was
transferred from the State court to the United
States court, and ultimately came before Jus-
tice Swayne, of the Supreme Court of the
United States, for review. They plead in that
case, among other things, that the law under
which this transfer of the case from the State
to the United States courts was made was
unconstitutional. After wading through a very
long and elaborate examination of the subject,
covering nearly four columns of close type iu
the Cincinnati Daily Gazette, that learned
jurist came to this conclusion: ^
"We entertain no doubt of the constitutionality
of the act iu all its provisions."
Every- Senator knows that multitudes of
cases originating under laws ofCongress, which
Senators on the other side pronounced uncon-
stitutional when they were under consideration
before this body and the other branch of Con-
gress, have been uniformly held to be valid.
I might refer to the ease arising in the attempt
