1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4149
this bill. If he is in favor of it, of course he
is m favor of taking it up. I hope he is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I desire to
say to the Senator from California what I did
not suppose I should feel it my duty to say at
the time that I antagonized another bill, and
from some remark of mine he might have
inferred that on to-day I should have nothing
of this character to interpose. But the defi-
ciency bill is now ready for consideration, and
it is the last bill of any importance which the
Committee on Appropriations has to present
to the Senate. There are some items in it
which will perhaps encounter some difficulty
somewhere else, at any rate of a character
which should induce us to get the earliest action
upon the bill. Without any farther statement,
I appeal, therefore, to the Senator from Cali-
fornia to allow his bill, now that it is up, to be
laid aside informally in order to proceed with
the consideration of the deficiency bill, which
will not occupy, in my judgment, much time.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire in
this connection of the honorable Senator how
long he thinks the deficiency bill will occupy ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think a very
short time. I have no expectation that any
items will be controverted.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree with the honorable
Senator there are items in that bill which per-
haps make it important to give it early con-
sideration, and therefore I agree that the bill
now before the Senate shall lie over informally,
and that the appropriation bill shall be pro-
ceeded with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
that is before the Senate will be passed over
informally, if there be no objection, and the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
deficiency bill. The Chair hears no objection.
■'SUE MBRPHY.
Mr. ANTHONY. There was a hill reported
from the Committee on Claims this morning,
which has passed the Senate once before, and
was lost in the other House for want of time.
It is to provide for a very hard case, and I am
snro it, will create no debate. I therefore ask
the Senator from Maine to be kind enough
to give way while the Senate bill No 625 is
passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am on bor-
rowed time myself. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia has no objection, I shall make none.
Mr. ANTHON Y. There shall be no debate
about it.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 625)
for the relief of Miss Sue Murphy, of Decatur,
Alabama, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment of $7,000 in full com-
pensation for damages done her farm by reason
of the same being occupied for military pur-
poses, and for the destruction of buildings and
other property thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does that bill
come from?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Dothe committee intro-
duce that principle ?
Mr. HOWE. It has passed the Senate once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an explanation of the bill. It strikes me that
it introduces a principle which, if carried out,
will give us a good deal of trouble. I do not
know what the circumstances are.
Mr. IIO WE. It introduces no new principle,
I will say. It cannot, of course, because the
identical bill, word for word, has passed the
Senate once. This woman owned a house,
and the house was unfortunately located. An
officer under General Sherman directed the
town of Decatur to be taken possession of and
fortified. The officer who executed the order
wanted to build a fort on the site of this house,
and he took the house down and built the fort.
This is to pay for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
it go over. I move to postpone its further con-
sideration.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill(H. R. No. 1341)
making appropriations and to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1808, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read ; and if there be no objection, the
amendments reported by the Committee on
Appropriations will be acted on as they are
reached in their order in the reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceed to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out lines fifty-four
to sixty, as follows:
General Land Office:
For surveying the boundary line between the State
of Nebraska and Territory of Colorado andtbewest-
ern boundary of the State of Nebraska, embraced
between the forty-first and forty-third degrees of
latitude, estimated two hundred and forty-three
miles, at not exceeding twenty dollars per mile,
$4,860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
seventy, seventy-one, and seventy-two, as fol-
Icftvs :
For casual repairs of the Patent Office building, to
complete pavement on the lower floor of the south
wing, $8,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am satisfied
on further examination that this item ought
not to be stricken out. I propose to retain it
modified in the way I shall propose. It says
•'for casual repairs.'' That misled the com-
mittee. It should be "for tiles for the Patent
Office building." I move to amend the clause
so as to make it read :
Tor tiles for fifty-eight hundred feet of tiling for
the basement story of the Patent Office building, to
complete pavement of the lower floor of the south
wing, at $1 25 per foot, S7.250.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion to strike out the clause as
amended was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines :
eighty-tour to one hundred and four, as fol-
lows :
Surveys of Indian reservations:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
balance due for sur\eys of lands embraced in the
Osage Indian reservation aud the Cherokee neutral
lands, in the State of Kim-as. under contracts dated
respectively Auaust 14 and 16,1866, (the said sum to
be returned to the Treasury out-of proceeds of sales
of said lands, as provided by treaties with said In-
dians.) $27,98051: Provided, That nothing in thisact
shall be construed to give validity to anytieatyor
part thereof which otherwise would be invalid.
To enable the Secretary of the Inierior to pay the
balance due for surveys of the Omaha and Winne-
bago reservations. which h.ivobeen completed under
contract with theGeneral Land Otiiee, So,362 62: Pro-
vided, That no contract for the survey of Indian
lands under treaty stipulations, or lor the survey of
any public lands, shall hereafter be made with any
person or persons until the appropriation necessary
for the payment of such surveys shall have been
made by Congress.
The amendment was agreed to. I
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of ,
the bill till he reached the foilowing clause, j
lines one hundred and seventy-six to one hun- j
dred and seventy-nine : j
For facilitating communication between the Atlan-
tic and Pacific Statfs by electric telegraph, (to supply
deficiency tor the fiscal year ending June CO, 1&67,)
$40,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS, I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
if there is a necessity for continuing this sub-
sidy to the Atlantic and Pacific Electric Tele-
graph Company, and how long it is to be con-
tinued ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the miscel-
laneous bill there was an appropriation for this
service for the current year, and the character
of the service was then pretty fully discussed.
The Senator was not present; and for his
information I will restate that this service
results from an act of Congress passed in 1857,
by which the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized and directed to advertise for pro-
posals for such a service as this, and was
authorized to eater into a contract for a term
of years—I think ten years, though I am not
sure as to the time—and this contract is the
result of it. First, the law authorized the ser-
vice ; in the second place, the contract provided
for the service in accordance with the statute;
so that it is a contract obligation resting on this
statute. Now, I understand that the company
have no particular desire upon this question.
If the Government of the United States really
thinks it is for its interest to put an end to this
service, I am told, although I have no very
good authority, perhaps, for saying it—1 am not
told directly from the managers of the com-
pany—they are not particularly solicitous on
the subject, believing the contract to be a bene-
ficial one to tbe Government. It is sufficient
to say, to answer the inquiry, that this service
is the result of a contract authorized by law,
and this particular item is for a deficiency to
supply'that service, the appropriation for which
was neglected last year.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand the defi-
ciency arises from the action of Congress in
striking out an appropriation of that amount
for that year. Although it may be claimed
that this contract is of advantage to the Gov-
ernment, I am quite confident that the man-
agers of this telegraphic line are very anxious
to have the subsidy continued. I know they
were very anxious at the time the subject of
striking it out was discussed. All that I wish
to say is that the charges by this telegraph line
are enormous, and it seems to be impossible
to hold anybody responsible for these extrav-
agant charges. It costs $10 50 to send any
sort of a telegram from this city to Portland,
in Oregon : and yet the fees are restricted by
the act under which this line of telegraph is
organized, and when a claim is made to the
persons who are concerned in the manage-
ment of this lino they claim that somebody
else is responsible ; and in that way immense
amounts of money are accumulated, as it
seems to me, by these exorbitant charges,
and there ought to be some remedy some-
where.
Here is a telegraph line across the continent
from the Atlantic to the Pacific States. It
receives from the^Jovern ment $40,000 a year
for performing, as it is alleged, services for
the Government, and in addition to that it
imposes these exorbitant charges. I have
no desire to do the company any injury or
interfere with the affairs of the Government;
but it has occurred to me that while these
charges were maintained there ought to be
some means somewhere to correct the evil and
relieve the people from these enormous bur-
dens.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say that I agree
entirely in what has been said by the Senator
from Oregon. There is no greater monopoly
in the world than exists now in the telegraph
line that crosses this continent. I received the
other day a comparatively short dispatch from
California on public business, which cost $175
in gold. I think a high price for sending it
would have been twenty dollars. Seven dol-
lars and eighty cents I think is charged forten
words between this place and San Francisco,
and if collected there it is collected in gold ;
and we appropriated here annually $40,000
as a bonus to this line without exercising any
restriction whatever over them. When the
line was first established it was, of course, a
great venture; and high rates proportioned to
those that were charged when the Atlantic
cable was first a success across the Atlantic
were to have been expected; but the company
owning the Atlantic cable have reduced their
rates, and still further reductions are in pro-
gress notwithstanding the immense capital
invested in that enterprise. Wo should eitfler
withdraw this appropriation until some restric-
tion is imposed upon the company as _ to tne
rates to be charged, or else we should impose
