3126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
ballots. I do not think that was an invasion of
the sanctity of the ballot. The commissioners
took the only course that could be taken to
obey both laws.
As_to_ this bill being retroactive, let me say
that it is no objection to .a law that it is retro-
active, if the thing, when it was done, was
honest and fair and just, and the only dcfect
in it was a technical one, because the law had
not provided for such a case. It is perfectly
legal and proper and competent for Congress
now to say that this return of the commissioners
of election, being just, shall be the legal evi-
dence, prima facie, of the election of those
mentioned in the return. Therefore, I cannot
see that the great principle of the secrecy and
sanctity of the ballot is by this proceeding
invaded, but that, in fact, the only course was
taken which could preserve the fairness of that
election.
Mr. CORBETT. I always supposed the
secret ballot was for the purpose of protecting
the voter from the outside pressure that might
be about the polls, intended for intimidation.
The commissioners or judges of election are
the judges of the legality of the votes usually,
and I presume were intended to be so in this
ease. They were to judge who were the legal
vol.ers and who were not. I do not see that
there was any impropriety in the commissioners
of election checking these ballots in the man-
ner which has been stated, when they were
satisfied in their own minds that they were
illegal votes, or that there was a doubt about
them, and when they came to open the ballots
and to count them, to declare that there was
such a number of soldiers' votes cast, and
report that fact and report that they were
illegal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President. I have
a little to say on this bill. The act of January
8, 1867, authorizes:
"Each and every male person, excepting paupers
and persons under guardianship, of the age of twenty-
one years and upward, who lias not been convicted
of any infamous crime or offense, and excepting per-
sons who mayliavo voluntarily Riven aid and com-
fort to the rebels in the lato rebellion, and who shall
have been born or naturalized in tho United States,
nnd who shall have resided in tho said district lor
tho period of one year arid three months in tUeward
or election precinct in which he shall offer to vote."
Those are the qualifications. The act spe-
cifies that a soldier, a sailor, a marine, and an
officer shall have been a resident in fact of the
District of Columbia for one year: but if he
were such a resident, he was as logal a voter as
any other. How is the right to vote to be ascer-
tained? Not by the election board ; but the
act from which I have read a portion of a sec-
tion makes provision upon that subject:
"That the mayors and aldermen of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, respectively, on or
before tho 1st day of March, in each year, shall pre-
pare a list of the persons they judge to be qualified
to vote in the several wards of said cities in any elec-
tion ; and saidmayorsand aldermen shall bein open
session td receive evidence of the qualification of
persons claiming tho right to vote in any election
therein, and for correcting said list, on two days in
cach year, not exceeding five days prior to tho an-
nual election for the choice of city officers, giving
previous notice of the timo and place of each session
in some newspaper printed in said District."
The next section provides:
" That on or before the 1st day of March the mayors>
and aldermen of said cities shall post up a list of
voters thus prepared in ono or more public ^places in
said cities, respectively, atleast ten dayspricrto&aid
annual election."
The list must be prepared by this board.
Having been prepared it shall be exhibited to
the people in some public places so that the
people may judge of the correctness of the list;
and after it has thus been exposed, this board,
immediately within five days before the election,
shall be in open session for the purpose of cor-
recting the list; so that if any person has been
omitted from the list he may come before the
board ; and so that if any person be improperly
upon the list, any other voter may make com-
plaint to the board and have the list corrected.
This investigation is somewhat judicial in its
character; and when made, and when this list
is thus completed, it is conclusive upon all
election officers. Whether it be conclusive
upon a court to which the question might go,
I need not now discuss ; but upon all executive
officers itis unquestionably conclusive, and the
law so piovides expressly, plainly, and dis-
tinctly. When these people come to vote, it
is thus regulated by tho next section :
"That tho officers presiding at any election shall
keep and use the cheek list herein required at the
polls during the election of all officers, and no vote
shall be received unless delivered by the voter in
person, and not until the presiding officer has had
opportunity to be satisfied of his identity, and shall
find his name on the list, and mark it, and ascertain
that his vote is singlo."
Now, what may these executive officers do ?
Not revise the list, not adjudicate the question
whether any man found upon the list is a legal
voter, but they may ascertain his identity. A
vote being presented, the board refer to the
list. If the man's name is found there, the
board may ascertain whether this is the idea-,
tical person mentioned in that list. Ascer-
taining that fact, the board must receive his
vote, because this is an executive body, not a
judicial body, not a revising body.
Now, Mr. President, this whole proceeding
was had immediately before tho election. The
lists were made out. They were exhibited in
public places in this city. Any person whose
name was not found upon the list had an
opportunity within five days before the elec-
tion, when the board was in open session, of
going before the board, and if his right to vote
was questioned of producing his evidence; tho
board would hear his evidence ; and upon that
evidence adjudicate the question whether he
was a legal voter. If any voter observed upon
these exhibited lists the name of any person
who was not a resident of the District and not
within the description of a voter contained in
the law, that person, for tho purpose of cor-
recting, purifying, and purging the lists, could
also go before the board, and it would be the
duty of the board then to hear the evidence for
anu against the right of the voter. That evi-
dence being thus heard in open court, if I may
so express it, the adjudication is had; the
name is put upon the list, or the name is
stricken from the list, according to the judg-
ment. That list then, being thus corrected,
being thus conclusive, is handed to executive
officers that they may decide who shall vote,
not to decide whether a party is a legal voter,
for that has been adjudicated according to
law, hut to decide, in the language of the law,
the identity of the party who presents a ballot.
I understand the facts to be, that upon this
list were found perhaps one hundred or more
soldiers. That list was exhibited; known to
the people ; the adjudication had ; and what
did that adjudication settle? It settled that
those soldiers were citizens of the District of
Columbia,.having bona fide residences in the
District, and entitled to vote ; and when that
judgment was made by the board of registra-
tion I deny that the election board had any
right to inquire whether these men were legal
voters.
But, sir, what did this board do? They
received the votes. They marked the ballots.
I will not rediscuss the question of the pro-
priety or impropriety, the decency or indecency
of marking the citizen's vote or the soldier's
vote. I deny the right, and I simply now enter
my protest against the right of any officer to
mark and mar any man's ballot when the law
authorizes him to vote by ballot. But the
votes were received. The identity having been
established to the satisfaction of the board of
election the votes were received, counted, the
result declared under the law, and that certi-
fied by the board of election and handed to
the proper officers in the Districtof Columbia.
When that was completed the board was
functus officio. It had no more work to do.
As executive officers they had received the bal-
lots, they had counted the ballots, they had
declared the result, they had certified that re-
sult to the board of aldermen and board of
common council in the city, and to the regis-
ter ; and, after that certificate had been thus
given, that board had no more power over the
result than any other citizen of the District of
Columbia. Why, sir, if they could do it the
next day they could do it the next month.*
As soon as the paper is signed, and by them
delivered to the proper officer in the District
of Columbia, their work is done. Are Sena-
tors prepared to say that after an election
board have counted the votes, have declared
the result, have certified that result to the
three proper departments of the government
of the District of Columbia, they may nul-
lify it?
I ask Senators if under the law, as read by
the Senator from Iowa, the return of the
officers of the election board is not the title of
a man to the office? After his tide has been
established by that return that board, having
gone out of office in respect to that particular
election, being functus officio, has no more
power to disturb that return than a man has
to mutilate and destroy his deed after it has been
delivered. That return is the evidence of right to
the man elected to his office. You might as well
mar and mutilate the deed that secures to a man
his land as to destroy tho evidence upon which
rests his title to public office. It is impossible
that the thing shall be done as is proposed in
this bill. According to law these returns were
made. According to law these returns were
the evidence of the right to the office; and
after that right is vested, fixed, and estab-
lished according to law, Congress cannot take
that office from the man. Congress may abol-
ish the office, but being elected to it, according
to all the decisions, ho has a right in his office,
a right that Congress cannot take from him,
except that that office itself, for public con-
siderations, may be abolished.
Then I ask, Senators, when this law which
the Senatorfrom Iowa read, passed in January,
1867, defines the qualification of the voters;
when the law says that there shall be a board
to decide in advance who is a legal voter;
when the law says that the list made up by
them shall be made public so that the people
may examine it, and have it corrected ; when
the law provides that that board of registration
shall hold an open session immediately before
the election, and that board holds that session,
and the right of the people to vote is fixed by
the board, where may that be reviewed ? Not
by an executive officer. I do not question that
for fraud or for palpably wrong decision it may
be corrected in the courts. That question is
not now before us; but that it can be corrected
by an executive board authorized simply to
receive the ballots, identify the voters, count
tho ballots, and declare the result—that that
board, executive in its character, can review
and revise that list is impossible.
Sir, upon what principle are a hundred votes
excluded by this board of election, after the
voters have passed the scrutiny that the law
has provided, after they have gone before the
board of registration and been found, upon
inquiry, to be residents of the District of Co-
lumbia as required bylaw? Upon what evi-
dence has that been reversed ? I ask Senators,
after that board of election recehed the bal-
lots, after they identified the parlies, after they
counted those ballots, after they certified the
result to the proper officers and departments
of the city government, upon what evidence
did they reverse the decision of the board of
registration? These men stood, according to
the finding under the law, as legal voters.
It is said that they were not resideuts of the
District of Columbia? Upon what evidence
was that decided? The election board received
no evidence. These soldiers' votes we~e marked,
i contrary to decency in my judgment. After
they had cast their votes, after it had been
decided that they should vote, they went from
the polls ; and in their absence, when they had
no hearing, when their evidence could not be
received, then it was jthat their ballots were
taken from the box, torn up, if you please;
then it was that those votes were stricken out,
not upon evidence, not upon inquiry, but by
the wholesale. Every man that was known to
be a soldier was excluded from his ballot,
