2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Ihe committee therefore recommend that
instead of this special tax on sales being laid
on ail manufactures, as well those that have
been exempted heretofore as all others not
otherwise provided for, to confine it to those
manufactures which are the subject of legisla-
tion by this bill. Therefore we propose to lay-
it .upon those "whose manufacture of any
kind o,r articles produced by them are ex-
empted from taxation by the provisions of this
act, and whose annual sales exceed five thou-
sand dollars." We have adopted a standard
of $3,000 as conforming to their general bill
on the subject. Gentlemen will find when we
come to report our general bill that this is but
a provision from that. bill.
There is one other subject which does not
strictly pertain to this bill, but which the com-
mittee take this opportunity of presenting for
the action of the House, and that is the sec-
tion which relates to the tax on whisky and
distilled spirits. I have aheady occupied ne-
cessarily more time than I intended, but I will
present this matter 10 the House as briefly as
I can.
The section which we ask the House to adopt
as an amendment to this bill is a section of our
general bill, and we ask to have it adopted for
the present, as we hope it will hereafter be, as
a part of the general bill on the subject of
whisky, because of the emergency of the occa-
sion. The Secretary of the Treasury and
Commissioner of Internal Revenue come to us
and say that the violation of the whisky law
is rampant and there is high carnival among
the distillers. They are now selling whisky
in Philadelphia at less than one dollar a gal-
lon, which is less than half the tax. What is
the reason? Because, whether the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue or his subordinates
have been efficient or inefficient, it is certain
that the collection of your tax has fallen into
such hands that it is virtually not collected at
all. When we come to report our general bill
we think we can satisfy the House that the
two dollars, or any other tax you choose to
impose under two dollars, can be collected.
But we shall propose to give the control of this
matter to the department of internal revenue,
independent of the President and independent
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and to say to
the Commissioner, whoever may be at the head
of the department, " There is the law and there
is the tax to be collected ; yoa shall appoint
and you shall remove every subordinate, but
we hold you responsible for the collection of
the tax." But until that is done what can be
done now? We can add, perhaps, to the law
by taking this section of our proposed law and
putting it in force. Accordingly we provide
that it shall be a crime, as it has been made
heretofore by law, to carry on a distillery with
intent to delraud the Government out of this
tax, and that it shall be held to bo prima, facie
proof of the commission of this crime if any
dealer persists, after a certain number of days,
in carrying on his distillery while whisky is
at a price in the locality where his distillery is
situated below the aggregate of the tux and the
reasonable cost of producing the article.
But that is not enough. Where you find a
guilty distiller or a guilty manufacturer of any
kind I will undertake to find you two official
rascals to match him, and, therefore, we pro-
pose to extend the provision of the law to the
assessors and collectors of the district, and
hold them responsible; so that if whisky be
sold in any district where it is produced or
sold for a less price than the tax upon it the
Commissioner shall immediately make an in-
vestigation into the conduct of all the revenue
officers in such district, and while that investi-
gation is going on shall suspend the two prin-
cipal officers and deprive them of their pay
until it is shown that it is by no negligence or
connivance of theirs that the tax is thus de-
feated. The provision is a stringent one. We
hope it will be adopted as a part of the general
law. We only propose now to anticipate its
adoption, which we hope for in the general
law, by taking it out at the request of the om-
eers of the Treasury, and putting it in this law
when there is an opportunity to have it. go into
effect immediately or in twenty days, so as in
some degree to anticipate a cure of the ovil.
Mr. Speaker, I understand that there are
butfew minutes left to me, and I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to ask
the previous question before- closing. I dis-
like not to afford gentlemen an opportunity of
being heard, and I promise them that if the
previous question be sustained I will give
almost the whole of the hour that will be allowed
me afterward to them to make any objections
or suggestions or give reasons why the bill as
we recommend it should not be passed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope my colleague
will allow me to appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] to withdraw his
objection and allow this bill to be considered
after the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I am appealed to
on both sides—to withdraw it and not to with-
draw it. My impression is that the House can
vote just as intelligently on this bill after an-
other hour's discussion as after a week's dis-
cussion. It is not for the purpose of prevent-
ing the passage of the bill, but to facilitate it
and hurry it, that I make the objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot give way for a
speech if the gentleman insists on the objec-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I must decline to
withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I am instructed by
the committee to report some amendments to
their amendments, which I send to the Clerk's
desk. They are modifications of our amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio intend to allow any other amendments
to be offered besides these before he moves
the previous question ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will hear the amendments
which gentlemen desire to offer.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no ob-
jection, the morning hour will be extended
for the purpose of allowing amendments to be
suggested, but not for debate.
No objection was made.
Mr. J (JDD. I desire to move to amend the
fourth amendment of the Senate by striking
out the word "monthly" wherever it occurs
and inserting " annually."
Mr. SCIiliNCK. I cannot agree to that.
It is utterly impossible to get along unless we
can get our revenue in regularly.
Mr. MILLER. I was going to suggest pre-
cisely the same amendment,.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I would say to gentlemen
that the special tax is to be paid annually. It
is the tax on sales which is to be paid monthly.
Mr. MILLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to move to insert the word ''semi-annu-
ally'1 instead of "monthly."
Mr. SCHENCK. This matter was fully dis-
cussed in the committee, and I am instructed
by the committee to ask a vole of the House
upon the collection of the tax monthly.
Mr. MILLER. It would save a great deal
of expense to collect it semi-annually.
Mr. WOOD. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, to move that the
bill be recommitted with instructions to report
an amendment to the same which shall reduce
the duties on foreign importations to the like
extent now proposed to reduce the tax on
domestic manufactures.
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. WOOD. AVill the gentleman allow me
to explain my proposition?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want a tariff
attached to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has only time to allow amendments to be read.
He cannot yield for debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move to insert
after the word "petroleum," in the first amend-
ment of the Senate, the words "above the spe-
cific gravity of thirty-twoso that it will read :
Provided, That the product of petroleum, above
the specific gravity of thirty-two, and bituminous
snbsta-nccs hereinbefore mentioned, except illumi-
nating gas, shall, from and after the passage of this
act, bo taxed at one half the rates fixed by the said
section ninety-four.
That, will make the tax on naphtha and ben-
zine the same as that on oil, and will cut off all
these frauds.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appreciate the motives
of the gentleman, but I am instrucled by the
committee to insist on not acting on oil now.
I think we can do all he wants and even a little
more when the general bill comes in.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to say that if
the House should concur in the amendment
of the Senate, as they possibly may, it would
be a great deal better with the amendment
which I propose than without it.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I do not know but that, it
would be better if the amendment of the Sen-
ate should be concurred in, but I hope it will
not be. I am afraid it would induce some gen-
tlemen to vote to concur who would otherwise
vote to non-concur. I would thexefore prefer
that the amendment should not be offered.
Mr. BANKS. 1 desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if, when
he brings in the general bill, he proposes to
reduce the tax 011 distilled oils?
Mr. SCIIENCK. I am not prepared to say
now exactly what we shall do ; but I do not
think we shall lower the tax much, at any
rate. But that will be for the House to determ-
ine. I assure gentlemen they shall have full
opportunity to offer amendments.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. There is now a tax of one
tenth of one per cent, upon sales. If this bill
becomes a law will it affect that tax?
Mr. SCIIENCK. Not now.
Mr. DAWES. It does notaffect that tax?
Mr. SCIIENCK. It does not. We have
confined ourselves carefully to this : this bill
exempts certain manufactures from taxation,
but, does not alfect the general provision in
regard to sales, &c. We have disagreed with
the Senate in regard to going over the whole
ground, which we have reserved for our general
bill, and propose that the tax on sales shall
be confined to what we are now acting upon.
Mr. DAWES. Another question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. In the amendment proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means it is
provided :
If any distiller shall carry on such business in any
place or locality for a period of twenty days, during
which the market value, in such place or locality,
ol'tho kind of spirits produced by liim is I033 by more
than ten per cent, than the tax and the cost of pro-
ducing said spirits, it shall be prima facie evidence
that the business is being carried on with intent to
defraud the United States.
That is a criminal statute, providing for a
criminal prosecution. The term "place or
locality" is too indefinite to be used in a crim-
inal statute. I therefore suggest that instead
of that, term we should say '• city or town."
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know but the
gentleman may be right, and if he will go a
little further, and say " district, city, town, or
township," I think I will venture to consent
to such an amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. That change should be
made wherever the words " place or locality"
i occur; they occur more than once.
I Mr. HOLMAN. We do not fully under-
stand that amendment 011 this side of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I suggested that instead of
using the words "place or locality" there
should be used words expressing something
that has limits; either "town" or "city" or
"county" or "parish;" perhaps all those
terms; something that has defined limits, or
no criminal prosecution can possibly lie.
Mr. SCHENCK. As this is a penal statute
I think the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is right in suggesting that there ought
to be greater precision ; therefore 1 am willing
that where the words "place or locality" occur
the words used shall be "district, city, town,
township, or parish."
