1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
No objection was made; and the amend-
ment of the committee was modified accord-
ingly-
Mr. BROOMALL and others asked Mr.
Sciienck to yield to them.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] still has my ear, and
I beg that other gentlemen will not take hold
of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I have done, and will let go.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SCHENCK. I nowyieldto the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. broomall.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] if there will
not be difficulty in carrying out -the provision
of the section providing a tax on sales, which
reads as follows :
And whose annual sales exceed $10,000 shall pay
Tor every additional $1,000 in excess of §10,000 two
jollars. and the amount of sales within the year be-
FOnd 810,000shal 1 be returned monthly to the assist-
ant assessor, and the tax on sales in excess of 810,000
(hall be assessed by the assessorand be paid monthly
^3 other monthly taxes are assessed and paid.
I cannot understand how that is to be done.
It might be done if the sales were the same in
every mouth throughout the year. But, inas-
much as in all branches of business the sales
differ every month, I do not see how it is to
be done.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is being done now
in regard to wholesale dealers and others.
Mr. BROOMALL. That is a tax on all the
Bales. This provides for a tax on the excess
over $10,000 a year. How that is to be got
Ht I do not understand.
Mr. ALLISON. If my colleague on the
;ommittee [Mr. Schexck] will allow me, I
will answer the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buoomall.] The law now provides that
;n the 1st day of May in each year an estimate
of the annual sales shall be made. Of course,
'his latter clause wiil allow assessors to make
an estimate at the beginning of the year, from
the condition of the business, of the probable
amount of the manufacture. He can examine
the last year's books and see what amount was
manufactured the year before. There can be
no'difficulty in relation to it.
Mr. BROOMALL. That, Mr. Speaker, is
but guessing. It seems to me that in this way
great injustice might be done.
Mr. ALLISON, There can be no injustice
done, because there will at a subsequent time
be a readjustment, as is the case under the ex-
isting law with reference to wholesale dealers.
Mr. BROOMALL. And suppose at the end
of the year it should be found that less than
five thousand dollars' worth had been manu-
factured, is there any provision for refunding
the whole tax collected, which, in that case,
would have been improperly collected ?
Mr. ALLISON. That is hardly possible.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have not found here-
tofore that those who have returned tax have
erred in returning too much. In reply to the
gentleman, I will say, in general terms, that
this provision precisely corresponds with that
which has been for a long time in operation
with regard to wholesale dealers, and which
has not been attended with any such practical
difficulty as that which the gentleman appre-
hends. We simply propose to extend a pro-
vision of the existing law. Mr. Speaker, I
now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Koontz.]
Mr. KOONTZ. Mr. Speaker, this bill, as I
understand, repeals entirely sections ninety-
fourand ninety-live of the existing law. Among
the articles taxed in section ninety-four is cot-
ton. Now, on the 3d of February, 1808, a bill
was passed exempting from tax cotton grown
in 1867. Now, if I understand the present
bill, it repeals the tax on cotton altogether.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is mis-
taken about the effect of the act passed last
February. It repealed the tax on cotton not
for 1807, but for 1868; and if it be the fact
that cotton is embraced in section ninety-four,
then, if this bill he passed, the result will
simply be that the tax on cotton for 1808 will
be twice repealed. That is all.
Mr. KOONTZ. But this bill, as I under-
stand, repeals entirely sections ninety-four and
ninety-five, while the bill passed last February
simply exempts from tax cotton grown in
1867.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentlemen is mis-
taken in point of fact. We exempted cotton
grown after 18G7, and if we now exempt it a
second time by this bill it will not be any
more exempt than it was before.
_ Mr. KOONTZ. But I understand that the
bill which was passed in the early part of this
session exempted only the tax on cotton grown
during the year 1868, thus refusing to exempt
cotton grown thereafter. But it' this bill be
passed in its present form all cotton grown
hereafter will be exempted fiom tax. That is
the way I understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. I think my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Koontz] has referred to
the wrong compilation of the laws. In the
compilation which I have examined cotton is
not included in either the ninety-fourth or the
ninety-fifth section. Hence it will not be
affected by the provisions of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] is seeking the floor to
suggest a modification of the bill. He might
be stating that modification while the com-
mittee are examining this point.
Mr. ALLISON. There is no necessity for
further examination. I know I am right.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Bexjamix.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck]
that the penalties prescribed in this bill for a
violation of the law on the part of distillers
might with propriety be extended to the man-
ufacturers of tobacco. It is very clear that the
frauds committed by the manufacturers of
^tobacco are as flagrant as those committed by
the distillers, though perhaps not so enormous
in amount. By a slight amendment the pen-
alties provided for in this bill could be extended
to the manufacturers of tobacco.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is quite
right in saying that there is a great deal of
fraud with regard to tobacco. So there is
with regard to almost everything subjected to
tax, whether the tax be high or low. There
is cheating all round, and a very inconsider-
able proportion, in some sense, of our tax is
collected. But we propose to apply this pro-
vision to distilled spirits because there is at
present more fraud in regard to that than as to
anything else. When our general bill shall be
reported the gentleman will find that we have
provided stringently in regard to tobacco and
a great many other things. It was only that
we yielded to the pressure of the occasion and
took a general section out of our law, at the
request of the Secretary himself as well as
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to be
passed speedily, on this question of whisky,
because in regard to that particular class of I
frauds there is more mischief going on than in !
anything else in the country. )
1 will, if permitted, have a letter read from i
Chicago upon this subject which will be a reply J
to the gentleman, showing why I prefer not to i
anticipate general action on this subject. I !
assure the gentlemen he will find the tobacco
men quite as well taken care of when we come
to that.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Chicaoo, March. 21,1868.
* * * * " This place is wholly sold out to
the 'whisky ring,' distillers, revenue officers, and
all. I do not think there is a worse spot on the foot-
stool, and everybody connected with the service is
disgraced by the fact that the Department at Wash-
ington allows it to continue. I am sick at heart and
disgusted with the charges that are made by honest
men against those in chargo of revenue matters at
Washington. We all suffer together—Mr. Rollins,
the Secretary, Committee of Ways and Means, Con-
gress, and every honest revenue officer—are each
vilified and charged with being in'cahoots'orfriends
ofthering. Itistoobad.andunless&omethmgissoon
♦<h!a?Vrat  th?50 dlsh?n.c8t officers who are
sucking the life out of our public credit we shall see
a revolution I wish I could see you face to face. I
am too much disgusted to write as I feel."
Mr. SCHENCK. I have but a single remark
further 
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was
oniy given that amendments might be pro-
posed, and not for a continuance of the debate
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question; I think I have allowed amend-
ments in sufficient number to be proposed.
Mr. JUDD. There was a departure from
the unanimous consent in allowing the letter
to be read. I ask that the privilege be ex-
tended to ask the gentleman from Ohio from
whom that letter comes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois should have made his point of order at
the time. The Chair seeing this was debate
called attention to it. He did not know what
it was until it was read.
Mr. SCHENCK. It comes from a man
whose duty it is to be well posted. I now yield
to my colleague on the committee, who has an
amendment to propose.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is a mere verbal
amendment. I move to insert "selling" for
" being sold."
The SPEAKER. It is a grammatical cor-
rection, and if there be no objection it will be
considered as agreed to.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio a question.
Mr. SCHENCK. If I am permitted to re-
ply I will not object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I have said before, if
the demand for the previous question is sus-
tained I shall yield to gentlemen to talk about
these matters. I have exhausted all the time
I want except in reply to gentlemen.
message from the i'kesident.
Several messages in writing were received
from the President of the United States, by
Colonel Moore, one of his Secretaries ; also, a
message informing the House thata joint reso-
lution (II. It. No. 226) appointing managers
of the National Asylum for Disabled Soldiers,
and for other purposes, having been received
on the 12th of March, 1868, and not having
been returned within ten days, Sundays ex-
cepted, has become a law under the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
exemption of manufactures from tax
Mr. SCHENCK. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I yield to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. ALLISON. -The chairman of the com-
mittee being somewhat unwell this morning
has left the control of the floor to me during his
absence from the Hall. 1 yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
FIELD.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to ask the House
to vote for the first amendment of the Senate,
which reduces the tax on rock oil from twenty
cents a gallon to ten cents. I understand from
the Speaker that the vote will be on the ques-
tion of concurrence, and all who are in favor
of reducing the tax to ten cents will vote "ay"
on this amendment.
I understand the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to say that we ought
to keep this tax at twenty cents a gallon be-
cause oil is cheap. He says it is only thirty-
eight cents a gallon at this time. Perhaps it
is ; but, if so, it is because the business of the
country is such and the tax is such that all
those who are engaged in its manufacture are
forced to throw upon the market the product
of their labor at half price. A large number
of these men are retiring from the business,
not rich, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] says, but in poverty: They are re-
V
