1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4151
"Washington, authorized by said act, which is to be
paid for by the United States, shall be hereafter ex-
pended under the direction of the chief engineer of
the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
senators from louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask permission to in-
terrupt the proceedings on this bill for the pur-
pose of presenting to the Senate the ratification
by the State of Louisiana of the fourteenth
constitutional amendment, and the credentials
of the Senators-eleet from that State. I ask
that they be read, and that the oaths be ad-
ministered to the Senators-elect.
The Chief Clerk read the resolutions of the ,
Legislature of Louisiana, ratifying the pro '
posed amendment to the Constitution of the j
United States, to be designated the fourteenth '
article of amendments to the Constitution pro- ■
posed to the several States by the Congress of
the United States; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the credentials
of Hon. William Pitt Kellogg, elected aSenator
by the Legislature of the State of Louisiana for
the term expiring March 4, 1873; and the cre-
dentials of Hon. John S. Harris, elected by
the Legislature of Louisiana a Senator in Con-
gress for the term expiring March 4, 1871.
The oaths prescribed by law were adminis-
tered to Messrs. Harris and Kellocu, and
they took their seats in the Senate.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 344) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to refund duties paid on a chime
of bells and clock imported for St. Joseph's
cathedral, Buffalo, New York, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
billsand joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 344) to incorporate the
Washington Target-shooting Association in
the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 678) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, I860 ;
A bill (II. 11. No. 701) to construct a wagon-
road from West Point to Cornwall Landing, all
in the county of Orange, State of New York;
A bill (II. R. No. 1320) for the relief of L.
Merchant & Co. and Peter Rosecrantz;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 3:29) to amend
the fourteenth section of the act approved July
28, 1806, entitled "An act to protect the rev-
enue, and for other purposes;" and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 340) for the
relief of Peter M. Carmiehael, surveyor of the
port of Albany.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1341) making appropriations and to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the j
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes.
The third section of the bill was read, as j
follows: !
Sbc. 3. And be it further enacted, That hereafter no
contract shall boenteredinto for the erection, repair, j
or furnishing of any public buiidin?, or for any pub- I
iic improvement whatever, which shall bind the !
Government to pay a larger sum of money than the i
amount in the Treasury appropriated for the specific
purpose, and no person shall be employed by any
Department of the Government unless an amount. ,
of money shall have been previously appropriated [
t-uffioient to pay ail such persons. And if any officer j
of the Government shall knowingly contract for the ,
erection, repair, or furnishing of any public building, !
or lor any public improvement which shall bind the !
Government to pay a larger amount than the specific
sum appropriated for such purpose, or shall know-
ingly employ any persons in any Department of the
Government unless an appropriation sufficient to
pay all Mich persons shall have been previously
made, such officer shall bo deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and upon conviction thereof by a court
of competent jurisdiction, shall he punished by im-
prisonment not less than six months nor more than
two years, and shall pay & fine of $2,000, and shall
thereafter be deemed incapable of holding any office
of trustor profit under the Government of the United
States.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to amend the section by striking out, from lines
six to nine, the following words:
And no person shall be employed by any Depart-
ment of the Government unless an amount of money
shall have been previously appropriated sufficient to
pay alt such persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee further proposed to amend
the section by striking out the following words
from line fourteen to line seventeen:
Or shall knowingly employ any persons in any
department of the Government unless an appropria-
tion sufficient to pay all such persons shall have
been previously made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to strike out
the following words at the close of the section:
And shall thereafter be deemed incapable of hold-
ing any office of trust or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to know why
that amendment is recommended.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
recommended that these words be stricken out,
because it was considered that in addition to
being punished by imprisonment not less than
six months nor more than two years and by a
fine of $2,000 it was a little sharp to disqualify
a man for holding office for life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You thought the fine
and imprisonment punishment enough?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We thought
that imprisonment for not less than six months
nor more than two years, and a fine of not
less than $2,000, were punishment enough.
Mr. HOWE. Punishment enough?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.
Mr. HOWE. Then it leaves the question
necessarily whether such a man as has been
submitted to these penalties, has stayed in the
penitentiary a year or two, should be capable
of holding office.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There is no
objection to a man wTho has paid the forfeit of
the law being restored to citizenship, and so
entitled to his confidence and trust again. This
is a perpetual disqualification.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, I see it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The punishment
itself is a disqualification. Of course a man
guilty of an infamous offense would be disqual-
ified from holding any office so long as that
stain remains.
Mr. HOWE. So long as he was in the
penitentiary ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So long as he
has not been restored.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not understand that as a
necessary consequence of the commission of
this crime he would be rendered incapable of
holding office. He is rendered incapable only
by force of the judgment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
of an instance in any of the States where
under their constitutions and laws such a man
rendered infamous by the commission of a
crime is eligible to an office while that remains.
Usually in the constitutions of the States there
is relief for such a ca?e through the Executive
by the pardoning power; but so long as the
infamy remains it is one of the features in our
policy that a man who has been subjected to
punishment for an infamous crime is not eligi-
ble to office.
Mr. HOWE. Ithinkthe offenses are numer-
ous described in the statutes of all the States
which do not include disqualification for office
among the penalties. But if this is a disqual-
ification by the laws of a State it- does not do
any harm to the individual to include it in the
statute here.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Would the Sen-
ator think it advisable to put in a statute of
the country, a law of'the land, that all Federal
officers who should be subjected to the pen-
alty of this section should be forever there-
after prohibited from holding an office of trust
superadded to the penalty of imprisonment and
fine.
Mr. HOWE- Yes; I should-think it highly
desirable.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The committee
did not think so. It is a question for the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
strike out this section. It seems to me the
most extraordinary section I ever saw in an
appropriation bill. I doubt very much whether
Senators have read it. What does it pro-
pose? To declare that if any person shall
engage any thing to be done for the Govern-
ment for a larger sum of money than is appro-
priated by law he shall be sent to the peniten-
tiary and be fined, and in addition thereto be
forever disfranchised. I have no doubt tlat
this is done every day, that it is necessarily
done from the very nature of the business.
You appropriate this year $100,000 for carry-
ing on a public work, with the understanding
that another $100,000 will be appropriated the
next year; and contracts are every day made
for the lumber or for the stone to be used in
the construction of that work, and those con-
tracts are made not only covering the present
but future appropriations. As a matter of
course Congress, by refusing to appropriate,
can stop the work; but contracts are made
with a view to future appropriations. It has
been done ever since the foundation of the
Government.
This section provides that " if any officer of
the Government shall knowingly contract for
the erection, repair, or furnishing of any pub-
lic building, or for any public improvement
which shall bind the Government to pay alarger
amount than the specific sum appropriated for
such purpose," such person shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor. There is no officer
of the Government but what from the nature
of his duties will be compelled to violate this
law if it be passed, and no man will ever be
prosecuted under it, because the fallacy of it is
so plain. Not only that, but the language is
such any lawyer can readily see that no man
could be convicted under it. It is a mere
snare, a mere delusion. Your Sergeant-at-
Arms violates every day the provision I have
just read, and his deficiencies are made-up by
deficiency bills. He could be sent to the pen-
itentiary under this section for buying a chair
for a committee-room until he ascertained that
an appropriation had been made for that spe-
cific purpose. You cannot carry on the oper-
ations of a great Government like this in such
away. It is idle to pass it. The Committee on
Appropriations have made it a little better than
it was originally, but as it came from the House
the section provided that " no person shall be
employed by any Department of the Govern-
ment unless an amount of money shall have
been previously appropriated sufficient to pay
all such persons," and i f anybody is so employ ed,
the man employing him is to be sent to the
penitentiary. Who believes in such a provis-
ion as that in a law ?
But that is not all. The first clause provides
that if anybody shall do this—make any con-
tract for furnishing any public building or im-
provement which shall bind the Government
to pay a larger sum of money than that ap-
propriated for the specific purpose, he shall
be sent to the penitentiary. No man can bind
the Government, and no man can be literally
guilty under this law, and if anybody should
be prosecuted under it there is not an attorney
in the United States who tould not clear him
on the ground that the contract did not bind
the Government to pay any more than was
appropriated according to law, because the
Constitution says that no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury except in pursuance of an
appropriation made by law, and consequently
the contract would not be binding on the uov-
ernmentfor an amount greater than the appro-
priation. Therefore, under the "phraseo ogy
of this section no one could be fou"c£e(y j
honest officers might be pestered and bothered
